
I usually don't leave product review but after recieving this phone I feel like I am obligated to warn others not to waste their money. This phone comes with nothing preloaded so you have to go online and keep searching for the right program to set the phone to where you  can download and app. I tried returning it but the post office sent it back because I am overseas and they were not shipping anything with litume battery. I pretty much just dumped +$200 in the trash.  worst product ever made to date.

Pros:-Good hardware (dual-core CPU, two cameras, HDMI output, 8 GB of internal memory, microSD slot)-Good looking interface-Plenty of space to install appsCons:-LG's stock Android becomes slow if you install many apps-Official ICS update is even slower and has no HDMI support-No notification LEDs (but you can use the backlight buttons to emulate them)-In-ear headphones (I don't like them)Conclusion: I bought this phone because I consider myself an advanced user and I rooted it to use a custom Android ROM. If you don't know what I'm talking about, then maybe you should consider other options. Stock Android versions for this phone are appealing to the eye but slow, specially the latest one.

ok, in my opinion the cellphone is good, but de froyo version sucks, its lag sometimes,reset etc, battery life is poor, waiting for future updates to fix thats bugs (gingerbread).

This was a really bad buy for me, shouldn't have bought an International phone because it did not sync with my Straighttalk provider  (which allows you to have unlocked phones) this caused tremendous miscommunication. Was not compatible with my phone service, did not receive text messages until hours later and sometimes would not let calls go through.Of course, the lack of warranty was not helpful either.Went and bought a new phone with a whole new service because I was so annoyed,Samsung is much better :D

Dont buy this Phone !!!!... I update my OS version to the 2.3.4 and the phone just become Use Less !!!... i don't eaven reciebe my calls !!... It Crash all the time .... I want my Money Back !!!

I'm from Venezuela, where there's a 400$ limit on what you can spend online (outside of the country of course). I chose this because it was among the best phones you could get for less than 400$ (at the moment I bought it) and because the phone is not so big. I don't like phones with screens over 4" because they are more difficult to handle in your hands and don't easily fit in pockets.After a year and a half with it, it's running smoothly with an up to date custom rom and it looks as good as new.PROS:-Powerful phone, and you can overclock it and make it even more powerful. It runs current mobile games just fine.-Beautiful to look at screen. It doesn't need to be amoled or retina to look beautiful. Also, it's supposed to be scratch resistant but I'm not willing to try it.-Easy to root and to install new roms on it. I have a custom Jelly bean 4.3 rom that runs smoothly on the phone. There's an Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0) official update too.-Replaceable battery, expandable storage via sd card.-Quadband, it works with any phone operator in any country (as long as they work with GSM sim cards)-Decent rear camera, I've taken good pics with it.-Not too big, and it's thin so it fits in pockets without a problem.CONS:- The only way to turn on the screen to unlock it is the power button, so treat it nicely. There's an option in some roms to make the volume buttons work to wake the phone, but they don't always work. You can also use apps such as "Tap Tap App", which wakes the phone by tapping at the sensor, but again, it doesn't always work.-512 MB is too low memory, and having lots of apps can slow the phone down.-The front camera takes pictures too dark if you're not in broad daylight.-The flash is too bright and can screw pictures if you take them too close.I know there are lots of phones better than this today, but if you can get one cheap with little use or refurbished, I'd recommend it, it's a warrior of a phone.

Would not recommend this phone to anyone. First of all, it has major problem receiving and sending pictures or videos. First i thought it was my provider , but they tried absolutely everything,and it didn't work. Once in a while it sends pictures but most of the time doesn't... never lets me send and still UNABLE to do so. Other thing it locks. After finishing a phone call it goes completely dead. If i try to power it off or on, IT DOESN'T work. So i have to take the batteries out in order to power it back on. Absolutely hate it. For the money I payed it should at least do basic things other smart phones do.

Hello,8 months ago I bought this mobile phone and I was very happy fast, good screen, android 2.2 everything was very good. the phone has dual-processor with 1ghz, but the ram is the problem 512 mb in two parts.thats not enough. I must say the fone is fast, but if u do something like installing an app or activate wifi (only at wifi not by bluetooth) the phone stucks and for some seconds or minutes the phone won`t do anything. The other things like design or camera are very good also the design of the phone. This was my first lg smartphone handy my first was desire, but now I think the platform and design of lg is the best and I will buy me next year the 4X. I think for this price and everything this handy is good, but for the same price or cheaper you can buy a htc desire s or desire hd or some other and htc doesn`t stucks anywhere but the design is very bad.I think u will have problems with this phone and if u want to buy this mobile phone be sure that u must be a little freak, because it`s sometimes very difficult to use. :DBuy Lg 4X or S2/3Much Luck ;)

The phone went smoothly, brand new, surprised that brought the HDMI cable, but not micro sd card, but that's not important! a telephone sober, elegant, just great! On the other hand the program updated it using LG Mobile Update and I have upgraded to version 2.3.4 gingerbread V20h and battery performance has improved significantly! concerning the performance in terms of networks, it has done very well here in Venezuela with Movistar operator!, Cell Hasslefree people recommend it 100% percent!

The phone did not come sealed, had the battery installed, the headphones did not come to the phone had other problems with the operating system, the ROM who brought not served and the operating system would not start, luckily managed to repair.

Great phone with great specs at an amazing price. Its snappier than anything else you would find in this price range, the screen is beautiful and colors look rich and vibrant unlike HTC I have owned (incredible S/ Desire HD). Love the micro HDMI connector and the supplied cord it's a much less bulky solution than the MHL solution in My Galaxy S2. Battery life is a little less then my S2 but I usually get a day and 5-8 hrs between charges with wifi/ data on constantly and moderate use. The Geforce ULP is very good at gaming and doesn't make the phone hot like my S2. The camera is comparable to my old INC S and the video at 720p is better, at 1080p is worse than my S2 by far. I would suggest just recording in 720p the framerate is much better. Sometimes I do feel limited by the ram but I have TB installed and froze all the bloatware from running so it helps alot. My only con is the speaker volume when the phone is ringing even at the loudest setting it's just to tiny. This phone compared to the atrix is far smoother and snappier at basically every task I've tried even with lower ram, this is by far the best performance to price ratio for and android phone right now. I got mine from FGS trading, it was sealed in the box in perfect condition for 241.99 USD

excellent product, good equipment, excellent audio device, nothing to envy of other players, excellent signal, very resistant to shock, I accidentally dropped several times and not to last absoltamente nothing like my smartphone is considered one the better even than that and had previously samsung

Very good phone.  Still working fine.

I have really high expectations of this product but once arrived, I start to use it and have continues problems with freeze stuff and restarting. After a while reading and investigating i found that problem is caused according many people with the same problem for the applications preinstalled by LG. One solution for that is uninstalling that applications but is needed change the OS version, or uninstall the applications itself. In both cases is needed root the phone.Anyway, that is my only complain. The seller looks good and the delivery speed was faster than i expected. So far that phone will be very good with another OS version.  But who knows. I will post an update after couple of weeks and see what happens with the phone.

The product has arrived perfectly but there are some problems to set it properly to the 3G in Argentina.I hope I can solve the problem but what is more problematic is the short lasting ofthe battery.

Very good phone, it was my first smart phone and I loved the experience. His performance was excellent during the entire time I had it. The Super recommend.

I returned this product because it came with a lot of Russian "bloatware" that I would not even use on a daily basis. This took up most of the internal memory from the stock specs. The phone was blocked from receiving OTA updates, as a matter of fact, there was not even that option available. The phone seemed to have been mod loaded and locked to prevent further updates.The title of having Android OS 4.0" is misleading at first glance making one believe you are purchasing the new ICS OS.Best bet, buy one from another site that offers it stock, offering the Optimus Speed stock-free of bloatware so you can utilize the memory advertised and the ability to download the programs you want to use.

I started using this phone and suddenly the phone freezes, sticks, and sometimes restart for itself. When contacted LG, they had nothing for this phone and they claim that their phone had no problems. I will not recommend this phone to anyone if LG doesn't respond to this problem.

The phone works great. The touchscreen is really sensitive which is good because I've had other LG touchscreen phones that didn't work so well. As for the display, it is great, beautiful colors and resolution. The phone is big but it fits in your pocket and your hand with no problem. The camera records HD videos in 1080p and 720p, but 720p is slightly better. The materials of the phone are nice, they make the phone look really elegant. The only problem is battery consumption, it barely makes it through the day, but it's totally worth it. Overall it's a really great phone, it comes with all the accessories but car charger. I'm happy with the purchase and it probably kicks the iPhone's ass in processing power.

Please read this review before you purchase this phone. I bought this phone for my wife when it was brand new from T-Mobile. It has been nothing but a headache since about 3 weeks after we got the phone. I bought my wife another phone and took the G2X once the issues began.I won't overwhelm this review with technical issues, but I will highlight the main ones. Also you most know that I had full coverage on the phone and both T-Mobile and LG are slugs when it comes to customer service.1. LG had issues with the battery running hot which caused phone issues. I had to send the phoneback to LG twice and it still over heats occasionally.2. Phone powers off at random times and freezes every few days. This requires a full battery pull torestart the device.3. The phone also has horrible reception. I live one town over from T-Mobile's US headquarters andyou would think I'd have the best service, but no =(.4. Sent the phone back to T-Mobile and they finally admitted the phone was a flop.In return I got a new LG G2x with the same issues but a few more days between freezes.5. Upgrades to the operating system come slow if at all. LG knows they screwed up the programingon what should be an awesome Google phone. So in return they concentrate on their other newerdevices.I have had nothing but problems with this phone and will never by a LG product again! I'm not normally like that this but LG's customer service is horrible. As for my relationship with T-Mobile, I'll be leaving them in September when my contract is up. It is sad because I have been a happy subscriber since 2000 and they did nothing for me after repeated complaints about this phone. Everyone constantly shifted the blame amoungst each other.Please do your research and pick another phone.

If I wasn't a techie I would give it a 4 rating because the device comes with the dated Android OS, v2.2 (Froyo), upgradable to v2.3. However, between the amazing specs and the fact that this device is supported by CyanogenMod I'm giving this 5/5 rating (I'm now running Android OS, v4).If you don't know much about computers or devices then it's still an decent device for the price, but you're experience will be slightly limited by the old Android OS.

just started to play with it a little, but so far it seems like a very nice fast device.applications switch in a breeze and everything seems to work really well.like it!

I like this phone a lot, I'm new with android and I don't regret the change, this LG is espectacular. thx

I generally like this phone.  It lasted a month before my friend spilled coffee near it and it took a splash to the rear and pretty much died. The camera port, definitley not moisture tight.I like the fact that it is closer to pure Android, at the same time it's missing some features from my old HTC desire, like voice to text coming already enabled on the HTC and clock/weather already setup with a default on the main screen. HTC hid a lot of settings which I despise and HTC locked a bunch of apps into their phones which begs for rooting (I prefer not to have to root just to deleet a useless app, like Amazon MP3 for instance, oops this is amazon isn't it.)I mainly chose this phone for the HDMI output which, unfortunately, I never got to use.The battery begs for the extended life upgrade as I was never able to make it through a day. At least the battery upgrade is cheap here on Amazon. I already knew that the half GB memory in the HTC was inadequate, but I quickly found that the 1GB of this phone is also inadequate. Android and all the apps were severely underestimated in their usage of memory. I have to recommend a 2GB phone as a minimum for Android, especially with the new versions forcing more and more into the onboard memory and off of your SD card, which really makes no sense to me.One of the reasons no one considers Nokia's windows phones is partly because of their refusal to include SD memory support. But with Android its becoming relegated to music and picture storage only, why be like MSFT?Anyway back to the phone...the display is amazing! The touch is nicely responsive. They had a lot of good ideas with this phone, I just question the construction values. I am not a fan of HTC, but my HTC was splashed plenty of times and never had a problem. The first LG I received had the on/off button pop off. Now the 2nd one dies after a month of use. I really wanted this phone to be 5 stars, but I just can't get there.

The phone comes with a USB cable, a charger, converter for US sockets, battery and a German only manual. The phone is unlocked and functioning properly. No SD card and HDMI cables though, so you have to buy one yourself to use the HDMI out function.

It is slim and easy on the eyes, the back cover is from plastic, it's a classic black. Touchscreen is very responsive, LCD is clear it's the right weight that it would not slip out your hand or too heavy if you hold it in a long period. I can watch 90 minutes of movies on Netflix with wifi connection before recharging the battery.It is a true unlock phone, you even need to mobile network setting yourself. Setting &#62; Wireless& Network &#62; Mobile network settings &#62; Access Point Names &#62; add &#62;.Put &#34;cbw&#34; under Name, name of your mobile provider under APN and password under Password, leave other field blank.

great phone, nothing to complain, I was a little worried about the no return policy. but nothing to woorry about now, i have to say works almost as good as my Iphone 4. would buy  it againg...

compre este equipo cuando lo recivi me waoooo me sorprendio lo rapido es muy bueno sus aplicaciones san bastantes amplias en comparacion con otros de otras marcas es excelente solo falta qie lg saque la actualizacion a 4.0 lo recomiendo por este esprecio es excelente jajajajaja lo comparamos con un iphone y uffff la diferencia es nada lo recomendo

The P990 lg optimus 2x phone so far has worked great,I tested all functions and works as expected. I love it,its speed of response, clarity of your screen and it's a smartphonelacks nothing, since it has all I want from a cellphone. Excellent product.

This phone has all the bells and whistles one could ask for! ...well ALMOST all.The short of it:-In my opinion the battery life is not the best. Fully charged, used constantly for 2 hours on wi-fi (unsecured obviously), alternating between 2G & 3G network as I was doing various tests, GPS not active, screen brightness under 50% brightness (default setting), closed unnecessary apps (calender, weather and other default open apps), battery was down to 68% after 2 hours.-The deal breaker for me however is this phone does NOT support tkip+aes encryption and does not specify that information anywhere so you can know that before you buy. This is probably going to be a problem if you require a password to access your wireless network (802.11b/g/n).Again this phone boasts support for "WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n" (as quoted from the Technical Details of the product on Amazon). It is assumed, and rightfully SHOULD be assumed, that any product on the market today that claims it supports 802.11b/g/n ALSO supports the encryption/security standards that are accompanied with those protocols. This phone does not. As verified by LG via LG's customer service chat, this phone does not support tkip+aes encryption. The phone DOES support 802.11x unsecured but as soon as you require a password using tkip+aes encryption to access your wireless network, no joy.After my chat with LG I got back on chat 20 minutes later (got the same guy) to ask them "if the phone doesn't support tkip+aes, then what encryption methods DOES is support?" They "couldn't get me that information" as my phone model {LGP990) was the international model and they don't have access to that information. When I asked them how they knew 20 minutes ago that my phone doesn't support tkip+aes they told me they thought I was talking about the LGP999 (US model). I have an emailed copy of the first chat transcript that proves I specifically said LGP990, NOT LGP999. They also said they couldn't get me techinical details because "there could be differences" between the models. In any case it's obvious that neither the LGP990 nor the LGP999 support tkip+aes. If you want to use secure wi-fi, beware this may not be the phone for you.Note this problem could be easily fixed via a firmware update. I officially asked them to put in a request for LG to work on building an update that fixes this problem. I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for it though. I'm returning the phone for a refund. Phone is in the mail as I type.I would also like to point out that my wife(android phone) & daughter's phones (each 1/2 the cost of the Optimus 2x and OLDER) work fine on my secured wireless network using tkip+aes. As does my wife's tablet(Android). And also my PSP, PS3, 4 laptops, and desktop all work perfectly on my network using tkip+aes.Yesterday I ordered the Motorola Atrix 4GMotorola Atrix Unlocked 4G Cell Phone with Android 2.2 OS. 4-inch HD touchscreento replace the LG. I verified with Motorola via chat that the Atrix DOES support tkip+aes encryption (it does). I also sent them my router specs (as seen below) and they said I shouldn't have any problems.The Atrix 4g has almost exactly the same specs as the Optimus 2x including the same processor and 4" screen but is physically smaller (117.8 x 63.5 x 11mm vs LG's 123.9 x 63.2 x 10.9mm), has double the internal storage (16GB vs LG's 8GB), has double the RAM (1GB vs LG's 512MB), and has better screen resolution (540 x 960 pixels vs LG's 480 x 800 pixels). It does lose when it comes to the main camera though (5MP vs LG's 8MP). There are a few other ways each one is better/worse than the other but I hit the main points. Here are links to compare the two phones:Atrix 4G: [...]Optimus 2x: [...]Here are my router specs if anyone is interested:Router: Belkin G MIMO Wireless Modem RouterModel: F5D9631-4 v1Security mode: wpa/wpa2-personal (PSK)Authentication: wpa-psk+wpa2-pskEncryption: tkip+aeswireless mode: 802.11b&802.11gI hope this review has been helpful.

very fast shipping!! i recommend buying at hassle, im still waiting for my phone but that's because im from outside the US and the shipper from miami to venezuela is very slow!

the cell phone is great, the price is perfect, the only thing is that didn't came whit Micro HDMI cable, thanks  a lot

is a good quality cellphone 'cause of the body on metal, and have good experience 'cause of the touch screen

You need to buy the phone based on where you plan to use it. Right? Seems simple. NOT!The P990 (Optimus 2X) works on 900, 1900 and 2100Mhz 3G networks.  The P990 is intended for Europe/International. The P999 (Optimus G2X) only works on 1700 and 2100Mhz 3G networks (as per specifications given in this description). The P999 is a different phone altogether with different HSDPA for 3G networks. The P999 is intended for North America, not International.So the description of the item "P990 and International" doesn't match the specifications of "HSDPA 1700 and 2100Mhz."Note also there is a model P990h (Optimus 2X), which is a Spanish (South America) version of the P990. If you want a P990 for South America, then the P990h is your phone. If you want one for Europe, China, Korea, International, etc, then I'd suggest that you avoid the P990h.To add to the confusion, there are some P999s marketed as Optimus 2X in Canada. So, don't think 2X or G2X, think P990, P990h, and P999.Buyer be aware! If you want 3G, the descriptions here are botched and you are libel to get anything. It is a bit like Phone shopping a' la Russian Roulette. You may find yourself with poor or no data service for this phone where you plan to use it. And, that's half of what most folks buy a Smart phone for, the data!Go here to see the difference between the P990 and the P999:[...][...]Almost identical except for the data service!These vendors have driven me crazy trying to get a P990 Optimus 2X - I've gotten anything but. So far I've received a P990h and a P999! I've been in return heck for two weeks with these folks and I still don't have the phone I want. I don't expect I ever will.That said, a P990 is a great phone. I bought one for my son two months ago from one of the vendors here. Normally I'd give it five stars, but the false advertising bring the whole deal down to a single star. I guess I got lucky the first time. Now I was trying to purchase one for myself, and I've learned my lesson the hard way. Ask the vendor before you purchase one! Pray he is telling you the truth.

First of all let me start of by warning upcoming buyers to NOT purchase from "justbuydealstoday," They did not ship my order until i notified them, so beware with buying from them. Now back on topic, this phone is really GREAT for the cost. The dual cores with the Tegra chipset really comes in handy. Plays games without any lag like Nova 3 from Gameloft and Real Racing 2 from EA. Games yet have to be programmed to use the full potential of two cores. Would have been awesome if the phone came with a gig of ram, that would have been perfect. The phone was preloaded with android 2.3.4 which SUCKS! LG is due to release 4.0 ICS sometime within the next couple months which should be a HUGE difference. I would get CM9 but it does not support GPU acceleration so thats a big no no for me.The screen honestly makes everything look great. The 8mp camera in the back really looks great in a well lighted area. Only downfall is the flash. Most of the times with the flash the images come out very blurry. The front camera sucks rendering it useless pretty much, I guess its ok with skype but to take pictures its poor. The LG theme is pretty good on the phone but i completely switched to the ICS theme which was a huge difference. I strongly suggest downloading the ICS theme from the market as well as the ICS Keyboard. Makes things a lot easier.All in all, this is a wonderful phone for the price. I do not regret my purchase at all. I wish amazon had the white version. I have the phone hooked up here in the US with Straight Talk. I'm constantly getting an H+/3G connection through their AT&T; network.

Nada que decir una gran compra  a un gran precio, aunque en Aduana me pegaron un palazo con el impuesto el precio a&uacute;n as&iacute; se mantuvo por debajo de lo que me cobran en Chile.... lo recomiendo totalmente...la sorpresa que no me esperaba es que trae radio FM :D, lo bueno es las funcionalidades y la grabaci&oacute;n en HD :D, lo malo no viene con la tarjeta microSD :/

Stock Rom was ok... but i decided to install CM7 lastest Nightly (114) and everything its running better than ever!Great Cellphone for about 410$

es un buen tlfno he tenido problemasgraba video de calidad y fotosprob&eacute; el gps y est&aacute; excelenteme gusta mucho y lo recomiendo

Muy buen telefono version de punta versatil adaptable compatible con los diferentes sistema velocidad increible lo recomiendo a todos los usuarios

problems were resolved and the record that are very serious and reliable 100% recommended thank all hope to buy in the store thanks gentlemen

First, the touch screen response is very slow.Second, no USB driver can be downloaded anywhere, therefore, you can't access the phone by computer.Third, when you play music, in the max volume, you can barely hear the song.

Unfortunately this product is not what I expected, did not meet my expectations, the product is offered as factory but the operator logo and Tmobile with OS, the phone is slow and overheats, is inhibited at every turn, not recommended at all, plus I came without headphones the cover was damaged without the lens of the camera and also I came in a simple box without protection, seems to be a phone used and not new ... it was my worst buy, my worst experience, the distance could not sue or make claim due

The only think its when you activate the wifi / GPS drop down a lot of the battery. People just activated when you need it. Beyond that it's a really cool phone, the screen makes everything looks nice :D.

It was okay when I just got it but then it started freezing all the time. At least 3 times in a day I had to pull the battery out because I got fed up because it froze. I didn't have alot of apps on it and I even had an sd card in it for extra space and it still gave me trouble. When I used skype on it the camera would not turn on  or it would freeze during a call.Overall it was good in the beginning but once you start putting apps and pictures, etc. it starts giving problems especially freezing.

I am using this phone for past one week now. I am very satisfied with experience of using this phone.- Battery life is very decent. It doesn't die in the middle of the day. But probably you have to charge it every night (if you use the phone all the time).- Display is very nice. The colors are vivid and text in the browser is crisp.- So far the phone software is very stable and responsive.

So okay, this phone's software is horribly slow and if you get the official update from LG, you'll want to throw the phone out the window.  You should not by this phone if you don't know about rooting android & flashing custom roms.So... that being said, the hardware is great. Just get it, root it, install CM10.1 for it and you now have the best phone ever. Make sure to do the "IntSD-MountFix.zip" stuff or use AIO Toolkit: Press 4 for repartition, 2 for Old partition, 1 for stock, choose TRWP, after the TRWP step AIO Toolkit will ask you if you wanna fix the Mount issue. Say yes.  Once you have TRWP on your phone, flashing the CM10.1 zip file is easy and the phone will work amazingly well. I'm a bit suspicious that bluetooth isn't working in 10.1 though; might work in 10.2... anywayz...but for $180, this phone running CM10+ is a deal.UPDATE: If you end up with the disappearing keyboard problem when trying to type on facebook.app or send SMS, you'll have to reflash the phone freshly with CM10+... then flash gapps-jb-20130427-nonneon-tonyp.zip . Explanation here: [...] Or, if all else fails, flash cm-7.2.0-p990.zip . It's an older android 2.3.7, but it works smoothly. Then every once in awhile try the nighties at [...] . Just make sure before you do this stuff; you make backups of any important files; for most people that's the "Camera" folder with all vids/pics on the camera. Then remove the microSD so no accidental formats of it happen.UPDATE2: Um... so cm-7.2.0-p990.zip's home-button doesn't work and all the CM10+ images don't allow USB mounting unless you reboot to TWRP and mount from there. Oh, but cm-10.1-20131028-NIGHTLY-p990.zip enables 3G on the phone. If when using data, you see a "E" next to your singal-bar that's like "1g" or "WAP" or something. Very slow. With the CM image I just mentioned, you'll see an "H" or "3G" so the data-speed is much faster than some other CM images. The only issue I have now is with the USB mounting. In short, after installing TRWP.... flash the following 3 files in the following order: cm-10.1-20131028-NIGHTLY-p990.zip, IntSD-MountFix.zip, gapps-jb-20130427-nonneon-tonyp.zip.

I purchased the LG Optimus 2X after I lost my iphone, and I regret the purchase. It is a fast phone, and the graphics are very sharp, but there are major problems with the phone:* Battery Life -- I have tried every trick to adjust this, and still the phone often does not make it through the day. The only way I can guarantee the phone to make through the day is to check 'Use only 2G networks'. I purchased a second battery for the phone.* Crashes frequently -- When using the internet, if I access a webpage not specifically designed for mobile phones, the browser will often crash, and sometimes the cell phone becomes unresponsive and turns off. Also, I have had the phone for about three months, and it seems about twice a week the phone randomly reboots. (n.b. I have the most recent operating system, and to my knowledge, there are not viruses on the phone).* Camera -- the camera takes decent photos, but the flash is nearly useless. Thus it is difficult to take decent photos in poor light. Also, the camera functionality is poorly designed. For example, the zoom is difficult to adjust and often non-responsive.* Glitches in operating system -- There are a few annoying glitches in the operating system, but my main issue is with the music service. When I am playing music, and I pull out the headjack, the cell phone continues to play the music through the cell phone speaker for about two seconds. There are other problems with the music service which I describe below.* Problems with music service -- I have a lot of music on my mobile (about 12gb), and the cell phone is unable to handle that much music. When the phone reboots (anytime it crashes or I change the battery, thus it reboots often), it takes 3-10 minutes for the media to 'reload'. In comparison, the Apple iPhone loads music almost instantaneously. Also, there is a bug in the music Playlist where the playlists are duplicated. Sometimes the playlists are duplicated where I have twice as many playlists. I have about 50 playlists, and after a few weeks, I can easily have 800 playlists (750 duplicates). I found a program to remove the duplicate playlists, but the problem persists (n.b. I downloaded other music programs and none of them work well, or are able to handle large amount of music).* Price Depreciation -- I looked into selling the phone at a computer center in Hong Kong, and the dealers would take no more than $HK2000 (about $US250) for the phone (I purchased the phone three months ago for $HK4800 or US$610). In comparison, an iPhone 4 as new costs $HK5100 -- the dealers would purchase a used iPhone 4 for about $HK4200.Many of the problems outlined above might be attributable to Android. I don't know anyone else with an Android who has a much music as me. However, other people have suggested my problems are unique to LG.In conclusion, it's a fast phone with good graphics, but that does not matter much, as there are so many other problems with the phone. I would not recommend this phone.

Great device for those who know what they are looking for. If you want to became familiar with Android and do want to make your hands dirty in rooting and custom roms - GO FOR IT. Best price/value ratio. Great build quality, solid, awesome screen, decent battery life after "freezing" some apps even on stock rom. Out of the box camera is so-so, but add some greeze from XDA forum and it will shine.

I first searched for a dual-processor, but found the LG G2 with TWO DUAL PROCESSOR. ZOOM, ZOOM ZOOM, UP UP AND AWAY. NO ONE CAN BEAT THE SPEED OF THIS PHONE.LG P990 Optimus 2X/ Optimus Speed/ (T-Mobile G2X) Rubber TPU Case - Checker Style - Smoke Black by Case2 with Case2 PackingIn looking for a better faster phone on the internet I found the G2. It is the fastest every. I love everything about this phone. I will buy another for safe-keeping. Two phones are always the way to go. I have had at least 7 cell phone, but none of them can touch the G2. I truly don't know how all those other phones are going to survive. I wouldn't but the skin. It makes the screen dull and it take longer to respond. I hope another skin comes on the market. Maybe there is. I will definitely need another one. Where in the world did this skin come from. Or maybe that was the rubber cover that protects whenever you drop it. I have dropped it without the rubber and it survives. I will put on and keep on the rubber from now on. I don't want anything to happen to my G2 from LG. The price is undersold for the value.

After having this smartphone for 1 1/2 years I can say that is an excellent Android based phone that gives you the sense of having a Top of Line product.Partners at the office (Iphone users) allways say that my phone has a beautifull look. It can run several apps at same time (Twitter, Facebook, Whatsapp, Games, Internet, Gmail, Etc.) with an acceptable speed of response. However i bougth a 32 GB mini SDcard so i won't worry about space for music, photos and more.Just to say someting negative,  the pictures at low light are not the best, but come on... that's not a profesional camera!.

I am using this phone with CM7 since last two months. following are the pros and cons.cons:* battery life* LG official upgrade support (thanks to cyanogenmod, It dosen't matter to me)* speaker sound volume is lower than avg.(quality is good though)pros:* super fast dual core 1ghz processor, along with nvidia tegra it is snappy fast and awesome.* Awesome IPS LCD screen, better colors than AMOLED screens, as they have a greenish tinge, apart from sunlight amoled screens suck.* hdmi out rocks, play HD movies and games.* it supports full HD recording at 30 fps (cm7) and 8M still. I stopped carrying my digicam and handicam now.* metal rim and brushed metal finish, anti slip back cover and gorilla glass makes it beautiful and robust.I love this phone.....and cyanogen, you rock!!!![UPDATE 2011,DEC15]I have this phone for seven months now. With cm7.1, battery life is not a problem, I'm getting around 34 hours with 3g always on, exchange sync every 15 min, gtalk, gmail(push), facebook-chat always on. And around 100 mins of calls, almost no texting.

this is better than i imagined, this is what i've been looking for the greatest smartphone its fast, games go great, music out loud, 8mp pictures.. i'm just happy

I recieved product and consider that it is a product that I would recommend to other clients. I am satisfird.

They sent me a defective P999, the monitor malfunctions and does not work on all bands, I need you to change the mobile, because I buy the P990 not the P999. The cell is defective.
