
Received in very good condition - set up myself without Sprint - so far so good! LG Rumor Touch LN510 Purple Sprint Cell Phone

The touch screen was broke and didnt work on this phone. It cost $35 to replace the screen at the sprint repair shop. The ad for this phone said "like NEW missing a battery" NOT that the phone didnt have a working touch screen. Very disappointed! sold by kpcorp (beware)

The phone couldn't be activated and i was not impressed with the quality of the product it looked ruff and old looking

This is the worst phone i have ever had!  it never works correctly it always gets messages an hour late and it will never send them. I sent it in for warranty thinking it was just mine that was bad but the replacement was the same.

And buyers beware... We bought this phone and went to ACTIVATE it ($35) and found out the phone did not even work. The seller did not take responsibility for the Activation fee that we will now have to pay for a 2nd time when we get another WORKING phone BUT thankfully - we turned this over to AMAZON CLAIMS department and they are taking care of everything!

Phone seemed ok at first but is now not responding well to touch screen and will not talk in or out without a headset very dissatisfied

The phone has a long lasting battery.  But the screen does not work well after 1 year of use.  I constantly touch one  number/place and got another, or it just won't respond at all.  It is very annoying.  I had dropped the phone many times but it still works, so it is sturdy.  The screen is a big problem.

we didn't initially get the product in time for my sons bday because of a post office problem so they sent out another phone and we got them both the same day.(then returned one) They sent a memory card as a kind gesture too.Don't worry about doing business with this company. He has great communication which is paramount!

If I didn't have to rate this item, I wouldn't because it is just that bad. I have had this phone for about a year and a half and am waiting for my sprint contract to end just so I can switch to a new carrier and to a new phone.The battery life of this phone is horrible. If I leave it off the charger for more then one day, with talking on it less then an hour that day, it dies. The buttons were easy to push at first and then as time went by, the buttons won't work. Have a new text message or voicemail? Don't both touching the little bubble, because it won't work. Its like the phone registers you touching the phone, but in a different spot. I've tried reworking it and it still acts up.I don't know if this is just in certain spots or just the carrier or the phone, but my phone drops calls all the time.So if you want a phone to just talk on and text message, then this is your phone. If you want to do anything else, it's really not worth it. The internet on the phone sucks and the apps run horrible. There is an app for facebook and twitter, but you would be better off by going on your computer to check updates. Please, save your self the hassell and do not buy this phone.

I hated this phone for the 14 months I had it. I just got rid of it. One of the many annoying features is that every time you go to touch something on the screen, the slider has reappeared, so you have to slide it out of the way before you can enter something. I was unable to find a way to delay the slider from appearing so fast, nor was the person at the Sprint store. (Both of us searched through all the menus.) The menus are annoying to use. You may know how, on an iPhone, a stroke of your finger slides the menu down until you find the item you want, which you then select. On this phone, stroking with your finger does nothing. You have to press down hard to move the menu. Usually, in the process, I end up selecting the item on which I press. I also got tired of pressing on the screen to make a bubble disappear, but it's still there, and I sometimes needed to press many times before the bubble finally disappeared. LG needs to study the iPhone to improve the touch screen sensitivity on this phone.

Writing this for my husband whose previous Sprint phone must have fallen on the floor going through airport security. When he retrieved it, the screen was mostly obliterated so he couldn't see messages or who was calling. Really frustrating, to say the least. Once he got home he checked at the Sprint store for a replacement and it was so expensive it didn't make sense. He checked Amazon and found one which he purchased for a more reasonable price. He had to wait about 10 days but it came on time and in great condition. He's a happy camper!

I have had this phone for 3-1/2 years now.  My phone has performed flawlessly.  I am a business professional and I also have a family so my phone gets used a lot.  A typical moth includes my sending 600 text messages and making or receiving 200-400 calls.  I have had absolutely no trouble with my phone which includes my still having the original battery.  Very pleased!

Got this phone for my wife since she always lets our kids play with her phone.  It works great and has already lasted a month with a 2 and 4 year olds constant abuse and a 6 year old who likes to make videos.

been using the phone for 5 months and this thing works great.  I would certainly recommend it to anyone who just wants a phone that texts and talks on the phone.

The screen cracked on my first Sprint Rumor Touch after about 6 mos. I purchased a used one off Amazon.  Caution in purchasing a used phone: The first one could not be activated because it hadn't been deactivated from the previous user.  The replacement phone had been changed to another carrier other than Sprint and could not be activated. The 2nd replacement phone has been working as it should.  The inconvenience of not being able to activate on line and going to the Sprint store 3 times was frustrating.  From the first time I used the new original phone, the touch portion of the screen was difficult to manage without pressing it hard.  The touch on the replacement is so much better with only a tap.

i love this phone its easy to operate i would recomend this phone only problem is that its a three g and it is out dated already

I was a little reluctant to purchase a phone from this source because of previous reviews, but I decided to give it a go anyway and I am very pleased with my purchase.  I received my product in a timely fashion and the product works very well.  It actually superceded my expectation.

I bought this phone used from Amazon so I didn't have to renew my contract after my Rumor Reflex had a meltdown. It serves its purpose, but if you want a basic phone and text a lot, I recommend the Rumor Reflex instead.

This phone was slightly used but works perfect. My old phone broke before my contract was up with sprint and this phone was a fraction of what it would have cost to replace it at the sprint store.

i loved this phone at first. but after a yr the touch screen barely works. once the touch screen stops functioning you can't send texts or use the calculator! although the phone has a keybaord there are still functions that depend upon the touch screen functioning properly.....smh i hate this phone.

Everything about the phone was fine except a very important detail.  The speaker didn't work.  The phone also smelled like smoke when I received it which was unpleasant.  It took quite sometime for the smell to go away.

Avoid this phone!  I went through two of these.It will reboot all the time.  If you are lucky, the screen might last a couple of months.LG products have went down the drain.  I'm done with LG for good.

Phone itself is great. Delivery was earlier than estimated. However phone only stays charged for about an hour before going dead. I need to purchase a new battery!

This phone is just perfect for what I need it for.  I needed a quick messaging phone, and it meets my requirements.  The screen is clear and the phone is easy to use.  I have not yet upgraded to a smartphone plan, so this was perfect for me until that time.

This phone is simply the best feature phone ever, certainly at Sprint.I've owned three (over 4 years), simply because every time I was entitled to a free upgrade, I always chose THIS phone, after loving the first one. It has the best keyboard to type on for large fingers (with 4 rows, the top row with just numerals), the email works amazingly well, texting is simple, fast, and 100% reliable, the battery life is an exceptionally long 7 hours on one charge (per Sprint, but over 8 hours per my own experience), the call quality is crystal-clear (both to the caller and to those on the other end), 3-way calls are a breeze, and the camera is excellent. In fact, no one ever knows I'm using the speaker phone, as that feature also sounds crystal-clear to those I'm speaking with (I used to ask the person on the other end how well I sounded, all the time, and they'd always say, "perfect," whether I was using the speakerphone, blue-tooth, a headset, or via the normal earpiece/microphone!).This phone is highly reviewed on the Sprint website, by hundreds of customers (one of the reasons I first bought it)-- and most of the (few) poor reviews there (and on other websites) were from people who bought it USED--and then only "Good", yet they then somehow blame LG or the phone for its arriving in beat-up condition and things not working. Hey, folks, somebody sold you broken and damaged phones . . . and why would you ever buy a cell phone in less than "New" or "Like-New" condition, anyway?? (Many people really abuse their cell phones-- they use their phones in the rain and they drop them, and their kids break them . . . or does this not occur to you?)Anyway, ALL three of my Sprint LG Rumor Touch (LN510) phones work perfectly in all respects to this day. And I never would have opened and activated the 2nd and 3rd (which I did only to see that they worked fine upon purchase), because #1 is still working perfectly and even still LOOKS brand-new and shiny. Basically, for the main functions on a phone-- crystal-clear calling, texting, email, a great keyboard, and long battery life-- this phone simply does them better than other feature/basic phones, and better than most SMART phones, too (I've owned an i-Phone and two Androids). Calls on this phone are crystal clear; texting works perfectly-- always, both sending and receiving-- and the physical (QWERTY) keyboard has the best touch and most easily visible letters/numbers (in ANY light), plus has FOUR rows (the top one with just numerals); and the Internet, at 3G speed, works well, though not as fast as 4G.You also get the benefit of paying the lowest monthly fee on Sprint calling plans (and lowest monthly data fee), since it's a basic phone and not a smart phone. But, it does almost everything a smart phone does, almost always better, except efficiently running "apps," many of which it cannot use at all. It DOES download music, ringers, and it streams video and music. I read the news (CBS, ABC, CNN, Yahoo!, etc.) on this phone daily. You can text to one person or CC up to 40 people at a time with one text. You receive "whisper alerts"-- one line of text, highlighted in white, when you receive a text message while you're on a call (you can turn off this feature, but why?), and the Call Waiting, 3-Way Calling, and Call Forwarding functions work perfectly and easily. The "phone book"--the Contacts--works perfectly--you press for a second to make a letter appear, and then can scroll IMMEDIATELY to the letter of the alphabet you need to look up your particular contact-- whereas even many smart phones today make you scroll through ALL of your hundreds of contacts, which would take forever. Not with this phone, this is far better.Speaking of contacts, this phone works perfectly with Sprint's "Wireless Backup" system, which let's you load 600 names, each with up to 6 phone numbers plus an email address. When you add, delete, or change an entry to your Contacts on this phone, it backs up, accurately, to Sprint's servers, within seconds, and then notifies you of such (you can turn off the notification feature). And you can go online to Sprint's Wireless Backup website to add, delete, or modify phone numbers and other info there; it then backs up those changes to your phone. Again, within 60 seconds, usually within 30 seconds-- and notifies you that it did. So, if you ever lose or break your phone, when you get another one, all of your contacts will load to the new one perfectly within a few minutes of activation. Oddly, all of Sprint's newer feature phones (ALL brands) do NOT have this feature, including the two that replaced this very model. But, this one, the LG Rumor Touch, has it. An invaluable feature. Why risk ever losing all your contacts when you don't have to?Brand-new, this phone comes with the battery, wall charger, a micro-SD card, a holder for the micro-SD card, an instruction manual, and plastic bag to return old phones for recycling if desired. This phone is FAR superior to its two successors, the LG Rumor Reflex and the LG Rumor Reflex S-- it has better-working email by far (works perfectly), FAR longer battery life, a better touch-screen, a FAR-better QWERTY [manual] keyboard, it's the only model of the three that 1) comes with a micro-SD card, and 2) works with Sprint's "Wireless Backup" of contacts. Oddly, the two successor phones have email functionality that is FAR inferior to use (email works illogically on those two--you actually have to BACK OUT of your Inbox to refresh it!?-- and it takes much more time to view or send an email; whereas all of that on THIS phone is smooth, logical, and fast). Oddly as well, many have complained on Sprint's website (about the other 2 phones) about something I noticed, too, on those two successor models: their keyboards are not visible under certain light--they're o.k. in bright light or darkness, but the letters/numbers are almost invisible at dusk. NOT a problem at all with THIS model, the Rumor Touch-- the physical keyboard is easily viewable (ALL keys) under ALL lighting conditions, as is the touch screen (though the touch screen, like all phone screens, is a challenge to view easily in bright sunlight).The phone's blue-tooth function works perfectly, and allows you to connect up to 8 or so different blue-tooth devices to it. And it has a headset jack for the use of a headset-- again, which makes the calls sound crystal clear to both you and to the person you're speaking with; I've tested this. Music sounds wonderful via headset as well.The only possible negative for this phone? Barely a negative: the touch screen, while very good, isn't as high-tech as those on much more expensive smart phones. It still works wonderfully and in no way seems cheap; but it's the only thing on this otherwise premier, luxurious phone that isn't truly luxurious. It's good, though!This is the BEST Sprint feature/non-smart phone ever! Excellent phone calls, emailing, and texting. Plus LONG battery life (7 hours talk on one charge, per the Sprint website and my own testing of it that gave over 8 hours talk on one charge). Also has excellent functionality in music, video, downloaded ringers, social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), and more. It's a fast 3G phone for Internet use.MOST HIGHLY recommended.

the phone was good for the time being, it does what you need web text and talk, good phone overall

The phone was fine for about the first year, but now is starting to not work. The touch screen wont even click or unlock. Messages are only going through half of the time or not at all. Im missing 50 percent of my calls and recieving voicemails a day later. After reading reviews on sprints website. This is happening to a lot of people and you really have to smack the phone to get your touchscreen back. Also shutting off and turning on your phone will help with text but it gets annoying. Battery life is decent at best and memory card keeps popping in and out randomly even though the cover is over it. I would not recomend buying this phone. If you want a touch screen get the epic or htc may seem like a lot of money but is worth it over this.

I bought a few of these phones from Sprint a couple years ago when I was up for a new contract.  The slide out keyboard is crisp, quick and easy to use. The battery life is quite good, and the phone's overall call/connectivity performance is above average. But this phone was brought out when all the electronic companies wanted in on the "touch screen" interface game. Therefore, this is where I feel this phone falls a little short. The touch screen calibration is iffy at best when compared to a higher line smartphone. (Galaxy or iPhone)  But then again, this phone is a fraction of the cost and you basically get what you pay for.  It's a good phone for the money.

I bought this phone As a replacement for my little sister. She was very happy to get it but the screen gets it calibration issues where she can barely use the screen sometimes. If she's dissatisfied, I am too.

I have had the LG Rumor 2 for about 2 years and it has done me good. My phone got run over for about an hour by multiple cars on the street, it was bad!! You would think that phone will be done with... and no it still worked even with it looking teared up. the screen luckily did not crack at all but the battery was beat up. Right now it is having trouble charging completely but for a survivor I think its doing pretty well! Also, to be honest the touch screen from day one was never the best it can be hard to manage and very very annoying! Besides that if you are a clumsy person like me that drops your phone here and there then this one can take the beat! If you like to text, need a good GPS and not that into tech stuff than this will be a great phone for you!! :)

I have had this phone for about 1 year it is horrible! screen sucks, text messages dont go out you have to keep restarting (several times), missed calls because the phone doesn't ring, and the reception on mine sucks (It didnt for my last samsung phone). I am literally counting the days until I can get another one. THIS PHONE IS A HUGE FLOP!!!!! LG SHOULD BE ASHAMED. IM NEVER BUYING ANOTHER LG PHONE AGAIN.

WHEN YOU PURCHASE A PHONE FROM THIS PERSONMAKE SURE THEY INCLUDE WHO THE CARRIER IS, IT MAY BE STOLEN!!!

I did not like the fact that this phone does not have wifi capabilities and it would not work with my daughter's Kajeet plan. She was unable to access the internet at all. I ended up sending the phone back and ordered another type.

Phone is ok for the price I paid.  It is very difficult to maneuver the different screens-- not convenient.  It's cute, though.

It worked for a week and doesn't work anymore.  Also the battery was water damaged.  Luckily Sprint had just received one from someone upgrading their phone & they gave it to us.

I don't normally do reviews on anything. I'm the type of person to not bother discussing this kind of stuff, but this phone, and my resulting 2 year nightmare relationship with it has changed me. I cannot allow others to share my fate.Let me begin by saying that this phone is unreliable in nearly every way. It fails to receive calls, the touchscreen will become unresponsive, and it will turn off at random times for absolutely no reason. This phone, being the little trickster it is, will often play a fun game in which it saves up all the text messages you receive, then given the to you all at once a week later! Fun!The image quality of the camera is great, as long as your into having photos that look like they were taken through a lens wrapped in a dirty condom.Never before have I seen such a shoddy display of modern technology. After you open the box you will be filled with a feeling of intense regret mixed with disgust for your terrible life decision in buying this phone. You will often wonder to yourself what type of insanity made make such a purchase. I soon learned that a special hell awaits for users of this phone. You will never be sure if that special someone is not responding to your text or if their missive has been pulled into the depths by the demon that is the LG Rumor Touch. Calls will be missed, alarms will fail to go off. Do not rely on this phone for anything, you will only be rewarded with failure and loss.On the upside, the case is sturdy. My phone has survived many accidental drops to the floor (aka my subconscious attempts to kill this phone).This phone comes with an instruction booklet, a charger, and a feeling of intense self-loathing for the lack of quality in ones life. Every time you take this phone out of your pocket a tiny part of you will die inside. You will grow to hate it more than anything else in your life. Please. Spare yourself. There is no need for you to go through my pain. Tying yourself to this phone for 17 months is lunacy. I can only tell you the overwhelming feeling of joy I felt when I ordered a new, different phone today. I have one weekend left with this pathetic excuse for a cellular device, and the days cannot go fast enough.I fully intend to take this phone to the range on monday, and see if I cant hit it to at least the 150 with my 9-iron.If you take anything from this long and convoluted review, it should be this: do not buy this phone. Dont.Do not buy this.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!If looking for an alternate product, I would point you in the direction of something more reliable. Like two tin cans and a string.

This phone is working well for my son....haven't had any software glitches .....a good phone to get especially for a teenager that has gone through so many andriods.

I've had this phone for about a year and a half now; I bought it the day before I moved off to college because I needed a cell phone before I left. Getting used to this phone is a bit odd, since the talk/hold and the end/back buttons are backwards from most of the other phones out there, but after you have it for a few weeks this setup just becomes your new normal.The battery on this sucker is pretty great. Being a college student, I use my phone a lot for texting, pretty regularly (5x a week or so) for calling, and about 5 times a month I use the Navigation app. With the usage that mine gets, I need to charge it maybe once every 2-4 days, depending on how social I am and how often I use my phone.It is a bit quirky with the touchscreen sometimes; there are times when my brain moves faster than its brain does, and I have to wait a few seconds for it to catch up with me.  Sometimes this means that I accidentally cancel a message (you can go right back in and resend it), while others this means I accidentally check my email when I'm trying to check my text inbox.Since it is a touch (pressure) screen, I have had some accidental pocket dials or empty texts, but that's a user error factor that comes into play with whatever phone you get. Just remember to lock the screen when you're done, and it will be fine.There are some issues with it not sending/receiving text messages, but part of that is just the Sprint service (my sister has had both an Evo and a Google phone, and they both have had this problem too).  Super easy solution, just restart the phone and you will receive all of the texts that were being 'hidden;. It's easy to notice when this happens if you text regularly, because if you are unable to send one out, then you're unable to receive them too.I've had a Body Glove case on it for about 10 of the 16 months that I've had it, and having a decent case definitely makes life a bit easier, especially if you tend to drop your phone down a metal staircase, like I commonly do.Overall, this is a pretty good, sturdy little phone. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice touchscreen and qwerty phone.

I got the LG Rumor Touch to replace a very basic Samsung.  At first I liked it because it was easy to text but now I can't wait to be rid of it.  The touch screen requires sliding your finger across the screen to unlock the phone before you can answer a call - then you have to press answer - by the time I do this, more often than not I have missed the call.  It also requires unlocking again before you can end the call.  Whenever you have menu choices, for example during voice mail or if you call a business, you have to unlock the phone to use the dial pad.  It becomes a real nuisance.  I thought there was a way around this that I just hadn't figured out so I took it to two Sprint stores and found the phone is just designed this way to prevent inadvertent touches from messing up calls.  Although it has a speed dial function the speed dial assignment does not show up in the contact listings making it difficult to memorize what speed dial position matches a name.

I though this would be a nice phone, I was even happy with it for the first two months I had it. I thought "Hey, this is great. A touch screen and a keyboard." But within another month it would drop calls, refuse to send messages, shut it's self off especially when I shut it sometimes. The battery life can sustain a bit, but it is so temperamental, you never know when it's going to kill the battery.

This phone sucks. Don't buy it. Touch screen is horrible!! I have only had it for one year and it needs to be replaced.

Great Phone! No problems at all! Easy to text with, easy to read font! Always reliable for me! Sprint made a great product here.

My dad broke his old Rumor, so I was happy to see one at an affordable price on Amazon. I ordered the phone Friday and it came in today, Monday. We had no issues activating it with Sprint. The perfect replacement!

the phone was in like new condition. Much nicer that I expected in a used phone. It was about a 25% of a new phone price if purchased at a Sprint store

My husband loves this new phone, its been a month since we have had it and it works great! plus the seller got it to us in perfect timing. We are very happy with the product.

I bought this phone for my daughter, and it works well. It's easy to use and it gets great reception.

just got the phone up and running, but I like it and seems to be a pretty good phone.  has good reception, and like that its a touch screen, but not a smart phone thats hard to find!  And its also a slide not a flip which i like better!

I bought this phone in the summer thinking it would be a great phone. I was definitely wrong. The touch screen is terrible! I have to click away from the thing I'm clicking on in order for it to go and it won't let me calibrate. The text messaging is  terrible. Sometimes it decides that it doesn't want to send your texts, so you have to turn it off and back on in order for them to send. The only good I would have to say about this phone is the battery life. Overall, its a terrible phone.

I got this cell phone during seventh grade and had it till the summer going into sophmore year.  It was my first cell phone and I was able to get it for about $10.00 with Sprint(mine was purple).  Through the time that I had the phone, I didn't upgrade it at all, so the technology was lagging compared to other Rumor Touches.  I loved the phone.  But I must say it's for people who don't want apps and sorely use it for texting and phone calls, as well as just checking your email and internet(if you have that plan).  It doesn't allow you to do a wide variaty of things, but it is an exceptional touch screen/texting phone(I recently got an HTC Evo 4G LTE).  The style and color is hip.  The camera was no where near the best, and it doesn't have a front camera, but this phone was made in 2010, I believe, and plus keypad phones don't usually have that.  It was durable and didn't break however many times I dropped it.  I recomend a screen protector and a case!  I recomend it to anyone who just wants to communicate with people:)

I guess I think this is a super great phone because it is SOOO much better than the Samsung Trender (do not buy!!!).  I have only had it for about a month, so I cannot judge it's reliability over the long haul.  But I also have my original LG Rumor 2 to fall back on if it does not go the distance in my contract.  It is super easy to use, unlike the above mentioned and is actually easy to answer, hang up, and to text.  It is not a driving accident waiting to happen like the afore mentioned, either.  I like it!

The phone was used and in good condition as expected. The screen is not as easy to navigate as my previous phone, but it will do the job for now.

It totally Sucked. Said like new but it didn't work! It wouldn't let me use the buttons or touch screen!

It was very used. I was expecting better quality. Maybe u was expecting too much I guess. On/off button didn't work. Screen very flawed.

phone was in good physical condition, however, the touch screen doesn't work precisely when you touch on 1 particular item, scans to 1 above or below. still, all in all a good purchase

Sprint lg rumor hard case, good deal at the right price, very nice looking case and design, just what i wanted

I've had this phone for over a year never had any major problems with it, holds a charge all day long no matter how much i talk or text, holds tons of pictures always get my messages right away overall has been a really good phone.. plays music and videos well etc etc i would recommend it!
