
Good choice lovely phone the only bad thing this phone has is that the batteries doesnt last too much time.

Pretty good little phone... but BE AWARE!!!! all of these phones are foreign supplied and will probably come with everything in some other language. Not just the paper stuff, the phone itself will all be set to display in the foreign language and you will have to go in and change it. Mine was Spanish, but the supplier (Bluetek) informs me it could have been Polish. Tricky, partic if you are new to the Android OS. Took me about an hour of serious frustration to figure out how to change the language.Agree with all the comments about the less than stellar battery life and the small keyboard, but hey, it is a "mini" phone you are choosing. I like the small size and the light weight. I don't need a mega 5+ inch 7 lb IPhone or regular Galaxy S in my pocket. It's actually only slightly bigger than a Vintage Razr. Nice!I wanted the unlocked phone for extensive travelling in Europe. If I knew then what I know now, I would have got the dual Sim card B5722 version instead (and still might)

This is an excellent product sold by Amazon. I bought it to give it to my sister and brother. and they are completely satisfied with it's features

I was sold and absolute cell phone, This phone is  a ripe-off. The company &#34;SHOPEBEST&#34; made a sell of a phone where is made to use in ASIA only, set up and languages are made in China other 3 languages plus English. I bought that phone to use oversees, he wasn't available to use, because he speaks only Spanish, he returned back to me USA, and when I contact Amazon and Shopebest, the answer was no refundable, only 14 days of warranty. Well how I return it when was sent oversees in that time? Also I was not specifications about the phone is only use in ASIA. languages?Even I contact Samsung and the answer was: sorry WE CAN NOT HELP, THIS IS ONLY FOR USA PHONES.I lose my money, I a very disappointed wit Amazon and SHOPEBEST. Do NOT buy cells from SHOPEBEST company, is a ripe-offC. SALAZAR

Bought this through Wireless Everything on Amazon.  It should be rated 4 1/2 stars. Small deduction for charger not working(OK, I have a spare, and the included USB cable can also charge the phone), manuals in a couple of European languages(OK, I downloaded one in English) and low resolution screen that makes text reading harder (OK, I knew that from reading the reviews). Don't know if it comes with a US warranty, but it will be obsolete or get stolen before then, like my last cell phone that lasted 6 days in Thailand.Everything else is just great for my budget and my pay as you go go-phone needs.  The AT&T; SIM card just plugs in and plays. Love the Android Gingerbread OS. The e mail gets updated automatically when you turn on that ap.  FM radio reception is better than that of my car radio. Also has good photo viewer and battery standby time. I am impressed after a week's use.FYI, Samsung has just announced a Mini 2 as replacement, but for now, this is good unlocked phone for the money.

This is a foreign device not from America. Strange charger and device is not in English.  If your American I wouldn't buy.

saludos ya me fue entregada como lo ofrecido . este Unlocked Samsung S5570 Galaxy Mini Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, 3G, Android... es exelente

When I purchased this item, I wrongly believed that it would be compatible for use in the United States. Despite the somewhat cryptic product specifications, it appeared that it would work well with my current provider, T-Mobile, which operates "a 1900 MHz GSM PCS digital cellular network and a 1700 MHz/2100 MHz UMTS AWS digital cellular network." This was, unfortunately, not the case. In fact, I was later told that it is possible that no European cell phones will reach their full potential (i.e. 3G or beyond) on an American network. Not being a techy, I am not sure if that is true, but the main problem with this phone is that it would not go beyond 2G regardless of my coverage. Potential U.S. buyers, be very clear on network capabilities and research more thoroughly whether this is a viable option. Also, note that it comes with a British plug and adaptor for the U.S.I cannot speak to how it functions outside of the U.S.

Contenta porque llego a tiempo,el material es muy flexible y facil de manipular,aunque ubiese preferido que fuera mas resistente porque lo veo muy fragil.

I have to reset sometimes because the system fails sometimes, can't have wifi access and I didn't know it are in Spanish, otherwise is fine

Samsung Galaxy Mini is a great phone which works well with a Philippine simm chip.  It is light weight and has nice size screen, not really a mini.  The battery lasts for a full day without recharging.  It was easy to change the settings to English.  The paper instructions appear to be in German, however, it was easy to download English instructions off the internet.  The camera works fine though it does not have a flash.  The phone charger come with a USA style flat adapter plug which attaches to the European style round plug.  The new Mini II replaces this model which was released in 2011.

This phone has been used overseas & works exactly as advertised!. Not always can you trust the comments on the web.

just for $ 140  this smart phone is great, obviously not an iPhone or Galaxy IBS, but also does not have $ 600, so 140 is very good for the big screen is not as small as the 551 and comes with android 2.3. 5 ginger bread installed, is unlocked for any carrier.solo por USD140 es excelente este telefono inteligente, obviamente no es un iPhone o un Galaxy SII, pero tampoco cuenta USD600, asi que por 140 es muy bueno, la pantalla es grande no es tan peque&ntilde;a como la del 551 y viene con android 2.3.5 ginger bread ya instalado, esta desbloqueado para cualquier operadora.

Good product, it is not quite faster but works well. No problems at all.Be careful it only works on some 3G networks.

It has the lowest battery and the memory card I bought to extend the capacity turned out to be totally useless, because, no matter what, it saves most of the data on the phone. Bottom line: it's always with no memory left and I can hardly update the apps that came with the phone (most of them that I would like to delete to increase my free space, since I don't use them, but can't because it won't let me, by the way), let alone download new ones.

the delivery was incredible fast. I payed for expedite delivery and by the time I was about to call them to make sure you got everything right, the cell phone was already here.I havent had the time to use much yet, but what I ve seen is nice. Is a compact phone with a SIM card, with different bandwidths that allows you to take it to different countries and use local providers (no need for expensive roaming). Is got also WI FI, and in a compact size they added a cool feature, FM radio. So far it looks fantastic, hopefully last long too.

Price quite cheap and cost of delivery free, but forecast for delivery service was frightening long, almost 10 days. However, it was a very pleasant surprise that actual delivery took only 8 days time instead of promised 10. if you are not in rush it's really good option.Phone is very nice. It seems to me that some reviewers' criticism about of low quality of images of phone's touchscreen is a bit exaggerated. Touchscreen is quite good, images well. phone is very nice and quite comfortable.

I bought this phone because my HTC Tattoo crashed and I was unable to get it to reset. However I was pleasently surprise with the features and performance of this phone, the Samsung Galaxy Mini. I especially like the fact that I can download tons of apps from Andriod Market. One drawback though, I only have 256M memory, even though I have a 32Gig Micro SD card inserted( external memory), I have to delete some apps- when I try to download large memory apps, because I keep gettinga low memory alert and cannot get texts and emails, until I free up some memory.Any suggestions as how I can up grade the RAM or get downloads to go to the SD Micro card directly, without impacting the internal memory?

When I first got the samsung galaxy I was so happy! It is small and the touch screen is very easy to use.  It also has wifi so I can go to places that have wifi and connect  my phone to the internet. When you open a app it is sometimes laggy. The battery doesnt last to long if you listen to the radio or connect to wifi. Although,this is the perfect phone for me.

It's an okay affordable phone nothing to brag about. Hated the fact that it doesn't have flash but otherwise it lasted me a good year and 8 months on one battery. If you're looking for a phone that has better storage space don't bother purchasing.I wouldn't buy again however.

Phone was in Czech language. It had installed an 'O2 Czech Republic' carrier ROM, instead of a carrier-free "International" ROM. Even though the description said "international", it was in Czech and with Czech applications installed that were part of the 'O2 Czech' ROM (couldn't be uninstalled). I went with another Android through image icons, to the language menu, in order to change it. Next step: flashing the ROM to a standard Samsung one in order to use it in the US. Also, manual IS ONLY IN Czech language! Finally, when contacted the seller about it, they never reply on locked ROM issue and they only answer: 'download manual'. Summary: O2 locked ROM and  Czech is not 'international'. AWFUL customer feedback support.

I recently bought this cell phone and is a great phone very friendly I really like it. The best of it that is really unlocked I just put my chip and it work with my cell company. The only bad from this particular seller is that the cell phone didn't come with the hand free neither the MicroSD and the language is Russia or I don't know but it was hard to change it to Spanish but not impossible.Es un tel&eacute;fono bastante amigable, funciona super bien aca en Honduras con solo conectar el chip. Lo malo de este en particular es que no trae el manos libres, ni la MicroSD y viene en Ruso o a saber que idioma, pr si fue posible cambiarlo a espa&ntilde;ol despues de darle una buena ojeada a las opciones.

I received the product by Wireless Everything, and I was concerned about a couple of reviews which stated that the cellphone is a German reburbished non working phone.Well, in my case, the cellphone came brand new. Still, it came set up un German, but I changed the language and everything works good.About the phone, its a very good non-expensive smartphone. I have installed a whole bunch of apps from the google market, and all of them work good. There are some apps that can't be downloaded, but I think it is because the processor or ram capacity aren't enough to run them, specially the ones that have  a HD in their names.Cons.Sometimes, about every 7 days, the Wifi can't turn on, but I reboot the phone and it works good, mostly I think it is an Android bug more than a phone issue.The battery juice is enough only for a day. I mean, after I connect to a wifi spot for a complete hour, the battery indicator starts to reduce. So it means that if I connect to a wifi spot for three complete hours, the battery will drain completely. I hope it gives you an idea about how much battery juice the phone has. If you are a person who makes calls in an average way through the day and use the wifi for 15 minutes or so, then the phone will last a day and a half or maybe two days.ProsEverything. Its a very good phone. The screen has a good resolution, touch expereience is great and the overall performance of the phone is good. The processor and ram are good enough to work with various apps at the same time. Don't spect it to be a super computer, I mean, it slows down when there are heavy apps loaded, but still manage to work through.It came with android 2.2 installed, and after downloading the Kies software from Samsung, it self upgraded to android 2.3.5, which is great. No need to root or flash or do any trick on it.So far, my best choice over a couple of cellphone brands I was about to purchase, like LG, HTC or Motorola. I think samsung is the leading brand in smartphones with android and now I understand why it is so.Hopes this helps.

The phone was delivered on time and immediately recognised my provider when i put in my sim.The features are great but i would have preferred a quicker way to end calls when the screen lock is activated.the battery life is not great, even with the peripherals turned off. my older phone gives me a full week with one charge but this phone gives maximum 2 days - wireless,GPS,off and screen dimmed.All in all a good phone for the price. nice features

I bought this exact model (but with a green back cover) in China in October 2011. I needed something cheap, and I needed it fast. I didn't want to spend too much money, because I wouldn't be there for more than a few months. My only reason for purchasing it was to call people, send texts, use Google Translate, and use Baidu maps to get around. Fortunately, I was also able to tether right out of the box as well -- and connect my laptop when I was in rural China.If you're a frequent traveler, global roaming is a giant money scam. I suggest buying yourself an unlocked phone, and just switching in SIM cards in the country of your choice... if they support them. Many places will let you pay month-to-month. For example, in China, I'll pay about $10.50 per month for a pretty decent package. Compared to the global roaming packages, this is a steal.You need to ask yourself: what do you want, and how much are you willing to pay for it? If you want an awesome smartphone, go buy something else. But if you need a smartphone which allows you to do the basic things such as texting, calling, tethering, and web surfing, then this is actually pretty good... if you can deal with the small resolution.The Camera is actually pretty decent as well. It was much better than I anticipated.Make sure you get a MicroSD card (up to 16GB) if one doesn't come with this. Use that to install applications on, rather than the paltry 160MB of built-in storage.Cons:- Terrible screen resolution (240x320)- Low built-in storage space- Low amount of ram- Terrible battery, but I kept it plugged in most of the time.- Performance isn't perfect.Pros:- It actually works very well, and it's extremely stable.- Upgrades to Gingerbread easily. Google the instructions. This requires root.- After upgrading to Gingerbread, you can install Cyanogen Mod, etc...- Most of the time, it runs pretty good.- The camera is actually pretty decent.You may also need to download and install the Google apps package if it doesn't come with the phone (mine didn't). Again, Google this for more information.Remember, you get what you pay for. For this price range, the phone is actually pretty good. However -- as of this post -- there may be much better phones for the same price, or a few dollars more. It might be worth it to skip this phone entirely and find something else. If you can afford it, try to go for something with a bigger screen, and better everything else. Otherwise, this phone is solid, but probably isn't for people with bad eyesight.I'll be using this phone often on my international travels, at least until I break down and buy the Note. It satisfies all of my basic requirements, and then some. It's not perfect, but it gets the job done.

Never got to use it. Pin 1 broke off as soon as SIM Card inserted. Power button was not working. Poor quality&#34;

I bought two cell phones, one is OK.  The other one after a week time I had to reset the software as it did not function any more.  Otherwise all the rest is fine.

I didn't know what to look for.  It can do what I want it to do, but it has such a slow processor that I waste a lot of time waiting for it to go from screen to screen.  Also, I only have 3 apps over 2 megabytes and it says that there isn't enough internal memory.  160 mb??? How could I not have seen that?  for $10 I can buy a 4 GB card, but you can't put apps on cards...

I love my new phone, it has a lot of utilities, and I can use a lot of apps. It's my first smartphone and I love it, also has a decent camera 3 MP, it's very usefull for my every day life.Not so good: sometimes it takes a few seconds to open an app. And the battery, if you use wifi a lot, you have to recharged every night.

Great smart phone with a lot nice apps and long life baterry :-)  Simply love my new Samsung galaxy mini :-)

I really like the phone. Have not figured out GPS yet.  I ordered new charger from another company, both car and reg. they work.I am overall very pleased with the unlocked phone.  Hope it works as well when we travel,over seas!LLKNIGHT

This phnoe works perfect has all i need the software for sync has to be downlad from samnsung website...it update the firmware of android automaticly, has access to android and samsung app right away. Easy to configure the emails accounts.. Phas quickoffice,, palow you to open and modify excell word and power point documents... The microsd card can be upgraded up to 32 Gb ..thats a lot... Has radio...its fast.. For the price is pritty nice deal! I really recomend it iIts unlocked so it works pperfect with any service provider i am ussing the phone in panama and works pretty good with 3G

I love this phone! I've never done internet on my phone and decided I wanted to be able to do that.This phone was very affordable, so I bought it and I am sold!Love that I can see if I have any texts, emails or messages in facebook at the top corner of the phone.Also, so easy to access and see my emails!Although my only complaint is the battery does not last long...I give it five stars because it is a great phone, very affordable and I could order a longer lasting battery if I need to.I refuse to spend hundreds on a phone, so love the price!Great phone!

este celular es buenisimo, lo recomiendo param el que quiera iniciarse en android, ya que posee suficiente potencia para ense&ntilde;arte de lo que es capaz aunque se queda corto en otras, sobre todo en no poseer navegacion con flash, de resto es super completo, buena pantalla, tienes wifi,gps,bluetooh y sobre todo que a pesar de ser barato mueve juegos 3d que otros cel de su precio no lo haran.this phone is great, param recommend that want to start on android, since it has enough power to show what is capable but falls short in others, especially not having navigation using Flash, complete rest is super, good screen, you have wifi, gps, bluetooth and all that despite being cheaper than other moving 3d cel its price will not.

I got it on time, and I love it. It is very small, light, and easy to use. I can carry in my pocket, it is fast, and also got really good colors. I like it very much, handy phone.

Nice phone...nice size...nice shape...nice price... Everything you need from a phone you will find it in the Galaxy Mini...but....Be aware...The phone it is unlocked...but comes with european features...like emergency app's, networking features, etc..In my situation comes in ITALIAN, with italian features and by this moment, after Google a real solution, I figured out how to updated to Gingerbred and how to updated with the Latinoamerican software version.I recieve a box without the micro SD, the provider send it me a month later, and by now I can configure the NETWORK and only works in EDGE and do not work with the 3g or even en HPSDA networks...so...in the best case...I can get 200kps internet speed...I'm very disapointed with the phones selled here for this brand and I thing AMAZON's people must do something and Stop selling this european products...

i recomend use the new version galaxy mini s3, because this one is slow, and slow, and slow, and could turn off alone after 9 months

It's just what i was looking forI know is not maybe the best cellphonebut it has all I need.!!

Compre este telefono hace 2 a&ntilde;os y desde entonce sno tuve ningun problema, el vendedor es muy bueno, envia justamente todo lo que describe. Lo mejor de este producto es que se trata de un dispositivo loberado y puede ser utilizado en cualquier parte del mundo con un SIM de cualquier compa&ntilde;ia telefonica. La entrega fue bastante rapida de 1 a 4 dias. Lo recomiendo

These are really nice, inexpensive phones.  Unlike a lot of smart phones they are not bulky and easily fit in a pocket; perfect size and the screen is still readable too. The seller shipped same day; excellent service.

i get it for a frind, it is not personal pbue he is berry happy with this cel and the quality of the product

the product is good, but not yet sent the headsetel producto me gusto mucho, lo recomiendo a que lo compren

Due to some discussion about very different flavors of this phone being shipped by different sellers, this review is for a phone sent to me by UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS INC via Amazon.  Delivery was prompt and the item was in brand new condition (if it wasn't they sure did a great job making it look that way).  Mine came with a very brief manual (if you want to call it that) in English, with the phone set to UK English.  This is my first even semi-smart phone, but I have some experience as an Android tablet user so it wasn't all new to me.I have several USB cables with male USB mini connectors.  This phone uses a USB micro connector for charging and data transfer so I bought some mini-to-micro adapters so I could use the stuff I have, but the adapters turned out to be useless.  The female USB micro port on the phone is recessed in the housing such that the male USB micro fits only if it will fit inside this very, very small housing.  The adapters I bought, though small, were too big to allow the male plug to be inserted deep enough into the female to make a connection (or even stay in place - they fall right out).  I'm thinking I'm going to have to get genuine Samsung cables from somewhere but haven't finished looking around yet.The power adapter, which has the proper size USB micro male on it, is a European plug design and it comes with a plug adapter, presumably so it can be used in the US.  While you can indeed plug it into a 110/120V outlet in the US with the adapter, it has absolutely no effect on the phone.  It doesn't charge at all.  I'm guessing it expects more voltage, but whatever.  The cable is built into the transformer and so is useless as a spare data or charging cable.  Also, apparently not all charging cables will transfer data as well as charge.  Be careful when looking at charging cables or kits to make sure you get one that can both charge the device *and* transfer data between the phone and your computer.  If it just says it's for charging, it is probably not for both purposes.That means that this package contains one and only one usable cable for charging and data sync, via a standard USB connection on the PC side of things and a micro USB male on the phone side.  You will probably want to plan to buy a spare or two but I don't have a recommendation on that yet because the USB micro female port on the phone won't accept just any USB micro male.  It has to be in a really, really small housing.I couldn't use the camera app or install the Amazon App Store (or several other items) until I put a 32GB micro SD card in the phone (all 32GB were recognized).  Get an SD card installed before you start trying to install much of anything; it solves a number of problems.The Android Market and the Amazon App store initially reported that several apps were not compatible with my device.  I downloaded and installed Samsung Kies on my Win 7 Home Premium 64 bit machine with no problems.  Then closed it down and started it again and it asked if I wanted to update it and I said yes.  So it updated, and then asked if I wanted to upgrade the firmware in my phone.  I said yes.  After I did this (by this point I had already installed the SD card), app installations have been smooth as silk, even the often aggravating Words With Friends which seems to decide that any device you have is incompatible about every other week.I recommend you look for "App2SD" or a similar application that allows you to move (or which automatically moves) applications to your SD card instead of letting them hog space in the limited onboard phone memory.  Some apps must live in the phone but others can live on the SD card.I had trouble with the Bluetooth phone application in my car (a late model Hyundai) and found that others have too.  I paired the phone with the car successfully and could make and receive hands-free calls through the system with no trouble.  I could not get my phonebook/contact list to download from the phone into my car, though.  After much aggravation and searching, I found a post on a board that suggested a free Android app called Bluetooth File Transfer.  Download and install that app; start it; hit Menu; hit More; hit Send Contacts; Select All (or whatever you want); hit Send As Single.  The app blasted my contact/phonebook list out into the ether where the car saw them floating around (the car was configured to auto-download) and sucked them all in.  Et voila!  Yes, I do have to remember to refresh the car's copy from time to time but I can live with that.The screen scratches pretty easily; you may want to consider a protector.And oh yes, I bought a 1500mAh battery because of so many people saying the battery life was lousy.  At least for now, my battery life with the originally supplied battery is excellent IMHO with Bluetooth and WiFi on 24/7.  But you always need a spare battery lying in a drawer somewhere.This sounds almost like a list of complaints but I don't mean it to be.  I like this phone and would recommend it highly.  All I need now are a few cheap cables and a few accessories, which I always seem to need when I get something like this.  It has taken about a week of on-again, off-again diddling to get it largely where I want it, but that's not unreasonable for a new tech toy.  If you are new to Android expect it to take a bit longer, but that's not the phone's fault - it's just how it is.  I hope some of these comments are useful if you are considering or have bought this phone.

I have a Verizon Samsung Droid CDMA cellphone, which is now my major phone line I use while home in the USA.  I do, however, spend a couple of months a year in France, and while there have a GSM Simcard from the French cell provider SFR, which I have had for several years and which I got from callineurope.com.  In addition, I have a T-Mobile prepaid SimCard, which I've used in an old candybar style "stupidphone," which costs me around $90 with online discounts to recharge with 1000 prepaid USA minutes, usable within a year.  I have not decided long term what I will do with this T-Mobile service, however inertia is a huge force and for the moment I'm keeping it, and will decide in a few months if I want to "invest" another ~$90 to keep the line active for another year.  One plus about the annual $100 ($90 with online coupons available sporadically) T-Mobile prepaid recharge, is that as long as you recharge before the expiration period of the last year, you get to keep your unused minutes/cash balance and roll it into the new year along with the new $100/1000 minutes you just recharged with.  For an occasional cellphone voice user, this does offer a lot of bang for the buck, especially for emergency or other occasional type usage.  You can change your T-Mobile plan over the internet in 1 minute by logging into mytmobile.com which allows you to change from $0.10/minute to a daily rate of $2 (only on days you actually use it) with unlimited talk and unlimited "2G/2.5G" Edge level data service.  So, if you were going to use this phone for T-Mobile voice and data on a sporadic basis, say 50 days per year while on the road, leaving it turned off the rest of the time, that would be a hard deal to beat, e.g. yearly unlimited voice and data for &lt;$100/year if you don't need the service all the time.  And you can change back to the $0.10/minute voice and text only plan when you want to on the T-mobile website.Having become somewhat addicted to the functionality of my Verizon Samsung Droid Charge cell, I decided to replace the old GSM stupidphone I've been using with this small inexpensive Samsung GSM S5570 smartphone.  I figured that at the least I could use web browsing and other features that require a network on WiFi networks as I encounter them, which would at least give me an updated Google contact list plus my appointments calendar.  As far as using this phone on data networks, there are a couple of caveats I have discovered and which I detail below.I am not going to comment on the limitations of this phone that have already been discussed ad nauseum in online reviews, such as the small, low-resolution touch screen, battery life, etc.  At $140 unlocked as I type this, you are not going to get the features of a high end cellphone for this price.  For the record, my phone came from the Amazon seller "Global Mobiles," apparently a German company whose orders are fulfilled by Amazon.  It came with all advertised accessories including the charger (European plug but with USA adapter), a fresh and recently manufactured battery, manuals in German, and a near useless 2gb micro SD card.  The phone was set up to function in English when I got it, and showed zero evidence of ever having been opened or touched by human hands after it was manufactured.Limitations on data network usage that I have discovered so far include:(1) Only up to "3G speeds," not "4G" -- There is considerable confusion as regards what is 3G, what is 4G, and how they compare.  The executive summary is that although there are going to be differences in speed within an individual carrier's offerings of 3G vs. 4G, you cannot compare among the various carriers because the carriers define "4G" and "3G" differently and they also use different transmission bands and technologies.  There are going to be carriers who have faster "4G" offerings that cannot be effectively utilized with this phone that claims "3G" service but not "4G" service.  Research your own carrier and what level of service you expect to get from it, before buying this phone.  That could probably be said of most any cellphone out there.(2) US T-Mobile has what they call "4G" service and "3G" service, which use bands that this phone DOES NOT HAVE.  You will be able to use this phone with T-Mobile "EDGE" service, which is variously labeled as "2G" by some and elevated to "2.5G" by some others, which is to say it has the potential to be faster than your typical, dial-up slow 2G service, however it will still seem very slow compared to a good home broadband connection or to any decent 3G or 4G service.  From some web research that I did after buying this phone, it is obvious that there are only a limited number of GSM cellphones out there that can utilize T-Mobile's fastest data network(s); most of these phones are going to be sold directly by T-Mobile, and few will be available as unlocked phones sold on Amazon or that well known online auction site.  Your best option if you want fast, T-Mobile USA data service would be to get your phone directly from T-Mobile and then perhaps find a way to unlock it if you want to then use it on another network as well.For use in Europe, this phone should provide reasonably fast, "3G" level data services, however the cost of such data service is very high if you don't have the sort of year round data plan that most travelers will not have.  As such, if you have a pay as you go or prepaid plan from a European carrier or reseller from a carrier, you will probably elect to use available WiFi networks for most of your data use on this phone, with perhaps email usage through the carrier's data service.  For that purpose, the phone should work well and offer a lot more functionality than an old style "stupidphone."For my own uses, basically as a travel voice cellphone with some smartphone features, most of which I will access through hotel and other free hotspot WiFi networks, with occasional cell carrier data usage for email, this phone is a good choice at an attractive price.  I would not want to use this phone as my everyday smartphone, but for periodic or vacation use outside of my usual carrier's network, it is certainly a more enjoyable phone to use than an old style stupidphone.

It is an excellent product, good value for money, is for my dad 80 years and liked it.Es un excelente producto, Buena relaci&oacute;n precio calidad, es para mi papa de 80 a&ntilde;os y le gust&oacute;.

Samsung did a bad job on this one. It is way below par for a company that normally bring exceptional products.

Hasta el momento todo est&aacute; bien. El celular  si conecta correctamente con la empresa operadora de mi pa&iacute;s, efectivamente si es internacional,funciona muy bien, el vendedor realiz&oacute; el env&iacute;o en los tiempos adecuados. El tel&eacute;fono si lo enviaron con todos los accesorios. Con respecto al  manual de operaci&oacute;n, eso si lo tuve que descargar del internet, en idioma espa&ntilde;ol.

Truly the phone is unlocked for companies in Guatemala, for a phone with Android system fulfills the expectations but one drawback was with the charger, the adapter does not work, of very poor quality and do not bring headphones or micro SD memory also are negatives for the seller because the description of the package if included in the purchase.

The phone was great and it came new and all included accessories. The down part was that it came from a mobile company in Italy and the software was skinned with that mobile company logos and icons, had to make a restore and install a stock version of android to get rid of the one it came.

one very cute phone, buy it for a gift and raved about this detail, it is very useful and fast for internet connections

Samsung is the best when it comes to smartphones and taking pictures, very user friendly and an excellent phone someone who isn't looking to spend a lot of money, great bargain

I purchased one of these phones in December 2011.  It Arrived on time and from the moment I put the sim card in the phone it worked flawlessly.  Since I purchased 3 more and they all do the job well.  The battery in our minis last about 2 days even with a good amount of talking on the phone.  When I use the WiFi and run some applications it may cut it down to a day, but even with a semi low battery status I can go to bed and be confident that the alarm in the phone will wake me up.  While in my previous phone if the battery was below 40% the phone would die some time in the middle of the night.  Over all this is a good buy and I would recommend it to any one looking for a smart phone. Also the phone is small enough to fit in my pocket.

El celular apenas llego a M&eacute;rida Venezuela le coloque un SIM CAD Movilnet y de inmediato comenz&oacute; a configurarse solo, realice llamadas y envi&eacute; mensajes de texto y funcionaron perfectamente, el envi&oacute; fue al tempo indicado, llego con todos sus accesorios. recomiendo 100% al vendedor.

I bought the phone elsewhere, but the review applies to the same product.Having this phone for about 5 months I can say it's one of the good phones you can get in this price range. Unlike other models like the Samsung totoro 5360, this piece of equipment has great speaker volume, you can be heard loud and clear on the other end and has a good ringer volume too. Those are details not many people write about if they are happy with the phone.Having said that, I must say I'm very surprised about it's processor. Although running only at 600Mhz it can handle Skype voice calls quite well over WiFi and 3G. No interruption or glitches experienced by using VoIP. Being a former user of an HTC Wildfire bearing up to 524Mhz I must say it felt good to have those extra Mhz's ..If you compare screen resolution with newer, retina-display-like models you'll be dissapointed. Text and graphics look clear, but not as vivid as next-gen phones like the iPhone or higher-end devices like Samsung Galaxy S2/S3, if that's the case, you'll be probably looking into a different price range.WiFi tethering: Good!, thanks to Android 2.3.6 you can connect up to 5 devices, but your battery will drain to zero before you know it. You can't ask to behave as a WiFi hotspot with this small battery.GPS is accurate and fast. I don't use the phone to read or answer email, for that I own a blackberry.It's a great phone either as your primary device, or if you are buying it just to travel overseas. Super easy to pop a foreign SIM card and start calling at local rates. Double-check compatibility for 3G first, as this is a DUAL-BAND handset on 3G band, meaning that you have to choose either the 850/1900 or 900/2100Mhz version.Calling is not a problem, as it's QUAD-BAND on GSM/EDGE. You'll get slower speeds but it will work worldwide.Con:No chance to upgrade OS. 2.3.6 is your last update.

The seller was great, shipping was extra fast, and the refund was prompt. I would have just gotten a exchange if they has the phone I wanted.BUT....This &#34;phone&#34; had a Faulty 3.5 headset jack and went back. I would have to HOLD my headset jack, male end, in the female socket to get it to play, and IF I turned the phone over the jack would fall out. Remember this was a NEW phone.I tried 3 different 3.5 good quality headsets to make sure it was NOT just my jack(s).I called Samsung USA and they rep said they wouldn't FIX a Samsung that was made somewhere other country.So if the seller had another brand of phone I wanted I'd buy form them again.BUT I would NOT buy a Samsung phone, ever, no matter where it was made.If a company, and I use that term loosely, can not warranty a product made with &#34;THEIR NAME&#34; on it, they do NOT have any business pretending to be the same &#34;company&#34; as the subsidiarity that made the device. That is just &#34;Enron&#34; styled practices.LG is the same way, and would NOT touch one of THEIR NEW &#34;LG&#34; phones made in India. The seller of the LG phone refunded the money, because the Micro SD slot did not &#34;see&#34; the SD in the slot.So &#34;Buyer be aware. . . . &#34;WARNING. . . If it does NOT have a warranty stated, it may NOT be warranted in the same country that you are buying the phone, and would have to be send it to the &#34;OTHER&#34; side of the world to get it FIXED.

its so great, im so happy, its 100% amazing, u have to buy it. the dising and adroid its the best. Come with all accesories. so happy

All these un-locked phones are refurbished / returned phones to the service providers in Europe. So you will find a different language OS and manual in each box. Some of them are not even unlocked... buy them at your own risk :-). US is now becoming an International junk-yard of these phones.

I started using it a while a go and showing all my family the advantages of it. The all had blackberries and know they have Samsung

Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI both this phone for a friend e he joys the phone. Great product

this is a good, but small, smartphone. Android is a very nice operating system. This phone is very friendly for a beginer like me.

PROS : 1) Price 2) Light 3) Internet speed is goodCONS : 1) Cheap look 2) Lack of featureOverall a good phone for the price, for entry level android users.

A friend owns the same phone and I was able to test it out before purchasing one. As other reviewers have brought out, the battery life is quite bad. Be prepared to charge your phone every night if you run a lot of apps. I'll be looking into getting a new battery with higher capacity. The Qwerty keyboard while texting can be a tad small, easily fixed by turning the phone on the vertical, buttons are slightly larger then.  The other 'complaint' about this was that it came without an ear-piece, easily rectified by getting one cheap online. As for it being truly unlocked, I haven't been able to test that function out yet. We travel frequently to Asia and I hope it works there. All in all, I am very pleased with my purchase, esp for the price paid.Update 10/14/11: Wanted to note too, the adapter that is provided for N. America customers is totally worthless as the charger comes with the 3 rectangular prongs. The adapter provided will not fit, so be prepared to buy your own adapter. Apart from that, the phone works just fine.

I &lt;3 this mini phone because its so cute!This phone is the 3rd best phone i've ever have.My house phone is rank number 1my Nokia lumia 900 is rank 2Now this is my 3rd favorite phone.Thank you delivering on time and product was in great condition.I will probally buy another one as a xmas gift...

Decent smartphone. Touch screen responsive. Wifi fast. Gps with google map with installed text to speech working outstanding.  Setup really easy.  The phone came in English, but the keyboard was in Russian  -- easy fix. There are still some Russian apps downloaded, do not care. The keyboard is a little difficult to use --  For the price, features very good deal.  The Samsung 5830 probably will be better, but I am happy with this phone's feature and especially price.

This is my first smart phone and I really like it. I was looking for something portable, with good features and I found it. Android rocks!

I need to know if there is any problem with this article, because you are slow to send, please let me know on my mail, tzuriel@hotmail.com

Nice phone, good size and weight. The touchscreen is very sensitive, and I can use the phone for more than two days without charging the battery. Only the camera is awful.

Worked well with the SIM that I used. Seems to be reliable and compatible with most Android apps. The Bluetooth did not consistently connect with my car's Bluetooth speakerphone system. For the price, definitely worth considering.

Beware! This phone has only 160 MB of internal memory, a big part of which is already taken by system apps, and fills up really quickly if you install a few more apps. Most apps do not install on the SD card. Even if they do, you still need some phone memory available to download and update the apps. I had to use Link2SD and other tricks to get around this problem. Also, do not expect all apps to work smoothly, or work at all. The phone does not support 4G data. But, still for the price, it's a good phone. If you need a small smartphone with simple useful apps, GPS (google maps), email, web, facebook, simple games (even angry birds) this phone does the job. It supports 3G and LTE data speed.

I had bought it because the review was nice, but the only disadvantages was the camera does not have flash, so I could not take photos in the night, other than that it was ok

I bought the phone because of international travels.  Also I do not want to get locked in one of those exorbitant service plans.  I got this phone and bought an ATT gophone sim card and it works very well.  It's a very attractive phone and the android software has some great functions. The only complaint I have is that the user guide came in Italian.  I searched online and was able to download a manual for the UK market. The phone itself is brand new and set in English. Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase.

excelente producto, la mercancia llego a tiempo y en buenas condiciones, totalmente recomendados, gracias por la venta los tendre encuenta para futuras compras

I choose this Samsung phone based on another model I bought about a year ago and because this one has the Android OS. I found the phone to be what I expected. It is easy to use, works fine with my carrier and I can download apps from Google Android Market. Samsung rates this model as an entry level smartphone.I want to develop some simple Android apps and use them in my phone. I already did some tests and it works.The only reason I am not giving five stars is because the phone came with six apps from a developer in Portugal that I don't want but can't remove from the phone.I would recommend this phone to those who want a small device with a little intelligence and not so difficult to understand and use.

Easy to use. affordable and will be able to use it overseas. Small enough to keep in my pocket.I will recommend to others.

When I purchased this phone I was very excited, but the first thing you have to do is put some charge on, and you know what, the charger doesn't work!!! I have a blackberry charger that makes the job easily.

It's an excelent product, but, like almost all smartphone, the batery lifetime is an issue. I finally receive a Samsung Galaxy "Next", that is practically the same product. I love android as as OS for mobile phones, this is the future already now!

the Galaxy Mini is an amazing little toy.  It is loaded with many useful gadgets except for the european things that are on the phone.  I am still exploring it day after day and have not found anything I don't like

This cell phone works great, and seems to perform just as good as the higher-end larger screen models, only without the higher price.  Perfect size for a shirt pocket or for portability while traveling.

Nice, cute handy size, entry level function. Features close to full size smart phone except screen size. I guess this is samsung's experimenting for functions and market for its next generation Galaxy III.Low cost so even lost or broken would not regret too much. Kid always wants a smart phoe, so this is suitable one for her.

I got this phone 6 months ago, I was happy with it but it turned out that I can not read or write Arabic fonts. This is not a big deal. The big deal, and the reason I decided to write a review, is that I was thinking in buying another one as a gift, I realized that the package comes with a 2 GB micro-SD and figured out that I did not get this when I bought the phone 6 months ago. that is so disappointing...

not good, returned it.

Este celular es una gran herramienta..para estudiantes y demas tiene una gran cap&aacute;cidad y velocidad, lo recomiendo, la musica suena espectacular!!! lo maximo,, felcitaciones a samsung y sus galaxy

Searched days for a replacement and the further I dug and learned how to replace my broken cell phone with an unlocked GSM phone, the more I was uncertain.  Finally, I chose to go with the S5570 based on its excellent reviews and the seller's decent history on Amazon.The phone arrived two days after the purchase. The description did not state if new or not, but if it was used, there was no possible way I could tell. Everything came packaged in the original box with usb cable, charger (220V w/ adaptor for US), ear phones, and micro SD card and adaptor, plus the phone itself. Instructions were in Italian I believe, but the first prompt on the phone was to select you preferred language.I was doubtful the setup was going to be as easy as slipping my existing SIM from T-mobile into the new phone, and thankfully it was. Setup up my Wi-Fi, used the Bluetooth feature to transfer all my previous contacts and pics, setup my yahoo email and it was even yahoo.co.jp (Yahoo Japan), plus played with the settings all within an hour or two.The resolution is what you would expect for $140, but I can't complain. Just be sure you have a data plan with your carrier because once you access your email over the network, not Wi-Fi, you will be charged. So far, so great!

Very good phone, excelent cost-effectiveCome with an adapter plug =)All according adsShipped and delivered fastNo questions and complainsThe cover fit very well in the phoneRecommend the purchase for those interested

This phone is affordable, sleek and fun. With access to just about anything, you won't feel out of touch at all.

I've had the phone for about 5 months now.Pros.The phone is cheaper than the Galaxy S and S2 modelsGPS works very wellControl over what apps are running to reserve battery.Cons.No wi-fi calling.Battery Life is poor.Shuts off intermittently for no reason.

Easy to use, compact and has many functions. Very user friendly and the camera is not bad. I will recommend buying a memory card as it only comes with 2gb. My co-workers want to buy one too

I received the phone on time, but the phone has a manual in French without any English. And the phone's default set up is in French too. It took me two hours to figure out how to set it up to English. After everything is all set up as English, there are still 2 French apps left on the phone. I guess one is a French emergency service(like ours 911) and another one is the manual on the phone, which are pretty annoying. I tried to update the system, the two Frenc apps are still there.Another problem is that it does not work unless you know how to set up the mobile network service. It pop up 2 networks, one is ATT PHONE, another one is Wap/cingular. If you use ATT, you need to chose wap/cingular. The ATT Phone one is not working. And after I chose the wrong one, it does not let me choose another one. I have to hand type in the Wap/cingular setting in the ATT phone setting to make it work.But in the end it works. And it works fine. I enjoy it so far. If the manual and language are all good and correct, I would give this a better rating. I am not sure if these are general problem or it is the problem from the specific seller's product.

This is a small, But reasonable smart phone. Conversation via this phone is of good quality. The speaker and display can be improved, But for the money paid, It is well. The processor is rather slow. All for all I like it. I wish it would have officially been introduced to US Market.

I bought this phone. It works with my AT&T; service.  IT WILL NOT WORK WITH VERIZON!I have not used all of the features yet. This is my first smart phone and I am happy with it so far. I am getting good performance out of the battery. If you don't have the display on constantly it will last through a day of normal use easily. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because it is my first smart phone and I have no basis for comparison.

The GPS has always taken 30 seconds to get a signal, which is far too long.  The wifi used to work fine, but now (4 months after purchase) it fails sometimes, even when a strong signal should be present.  If I turn the phone off and back on, wifi usually works again.  Also, the power cord sent with the phone was broken on arrival.

This phone is a S5570i Galaxy Pop Plus, Chinese version, not an S5570 as advertised.  Although English language is installed (good luck to find it!), many functions are only in Chinese.  Software updates are not allowed in the US for this product.If you can live with this, go ahead, as the Galaxy Pop Plus is a good phone.  Otherwise, please buy a US version.

Good, inexpensive, unlocked Android phone.  Very interesting dynamic wallpaper.  Youtube works well on this phone.  The display is quite good.  Very responsive while using Wifi to browser the web.  The phone lags in playing Angry Bird probably due to a slow processor.  The battery life is just ok.  But most people with smarthphones probably drain their phone battery too quick by playing games, listening to music anyway.  If one uses it mainly for phone calls and texting, it battery life would be quite sufficient.

I like this phone and how it has different ring tone for the contacts. I wish it had different message ring tone too.

the phone is very good I use it with Digitel in Venezuela and browse 3G fine, the GPS is fantastic, do not give the 5 stars because it did not bring hands-free and the content of the box includes it.

I love it because it was good and still working, specially the battery. have been use for more than 2 years and stil keep more than 40 hours the battery only in phone use. some time use internet that is good too. recomen this to everyone.

Phone arrived quickly. It was a Spanish telecom surplus phone it seemed. Had to reconfigure software to remove demo apps.

This unlocked phone is as described and it is in high quality, also the price is very reasonable for that phone.

Samsung Galaxy Mini? Why? This cell phone has nothing mini. The size is very good, and the benefits are all that have any other smathphone. Simple, easy and highly functional.

This is an amazing piece of technology. It's small, but very powerful. Nothing to envy to other smart phones.The box comes with:- A battery- A charger (with an American A/C power adaptator)- USB data cable- 2GB MicroSD memory- A manual (in Italian, but you can easily download the english version fron sansumg page. Google it!)Although the phone's description states that the installed android OS is the "Froyo" version, in my case the one installed is "Gingerbread", which improves the phone performance. Great!The touch screen is fantastic. Even if this is your first touch screen phone, surely you will feel comfortable with it in less than an hour of use.The comments about the battery life, I'm afraid, they are all true. It sucks! (For that reason, I give 4 stars to this item). With heavy use (i.e. Playing music, WIFI on, surfing the web, installing apps, etc), you have to plug the phone in 12 hours. However, with non-heavy use, and turning off the WIFI when you aren't using it, the battery life can reach between 24 and 36 hours of continuous use.Finally, the phone is truly unlocked. You can use it outside USA without problems.I hope this helps.

When i bought this item, the info. i read said it was gonna come with an earphone.  It was a lie.  there was no earphone in the package.  The manual was also in German.  I had to go on line to download the English version.  So BEWARE....

This is the best phone I've had so far. I can use skype,youtube, netflix and almost all the app that I prefer. I love the size, not too big or too small, Perfect size.

First, if you are high class, high quality guy/gal, this phone is not for you. If you are into to iPhone or other $500 plus mobile phones this is certainly not for you. This is a pretty good phone for a limited budget.I got me one for 100 Euros in an electronics shop and it included me 20 Euro prepay credit plus sim card. The phone is not locked to any operator, so after consuming the 20 Euro I replaced the simcard for my old.It is a descent phone for what nowadays are the basics: phone calls, text messaging, MP3 player are all out the box.The built in navigator is decent, but of course you can install other navigators as well such as Next or Firefox,  I recommend Next, as other navigators might be very demanding for this phone.Watsapp, Facebook and Facebook messenger run well, I have installed the three at the same time and the performance was still smooth. However, Facebook tends to take most of your internal memory, even if you install the application in the external SD card, so you won't have much space left for other applications.The Internal Memory is just too small, you won't have enough memory for more than 5 to 10 Applications installed at once. So, if you love downloading and installing applications and games, forget this phone.Conclusion, very good phone, if your budget is limited go for it, it will certainly do the job. You get a good deal for you money.

It is really the best value for your money. There are better phones but none of them had any feature that would make me pay more to get. The only thing I'm not 100% satisfied is the camera (3mp and no flash).The size of this phone is perfect: not too small, not too large. The speed is very decent and the sound is good too.The screen resolution is good and the touchscreen is very responsive.Android is simply the best mobile operating system. Altough it came with Android 2.2 (Froyo), I flashed it using Odin and now it has Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) and now my phone is faster and the battery lasts much more than before. You can personalize it the way you want and install any app in the Android Market (Google Play).

I actually like the phone in itself. It's really user friendly, has all the qualities I look for in a phone.It was my first androir and I wasn't really fmailiar with the software, but it's not hard at all to learn how to use it. Multiple home screens, multiple alarm clocks (whici is perfect for me), you can download apps and games for free from the store.The only bad thing I've found so far is that the battery doesn't last at all. Not if you have the data roaming feature on anyways, I've been having to charge it twice a day, otherwise it just runs out.

I wanted a small smartphone that allowed me to use what ever service provider I wanted by simply inserting my sim card into it.  It works

The only disadvantage is that it did not include the headset and the battery runs out fast when playing, and the screen not being standard some applications do not look good on a screen smaller than average.

This is a VERY low end phone.  I was very disappointed when I received this phone.  I know a lot of people that have it and they all hate it as well.The phone has hardly any memory.  By the time you download a few Apps your phone is full and runs VERY sluggish.  The phone may be good for kids if you want them to have a smartphone but this isnt for the average smart phone user.You get what you pay for.  The screen viewing angles are HORRIBLE.  You barely tilt the device and it gets hard to see.  You have to zoom everything just to make on screen words less blurry.Do not buy.

Ya,ya, took me a while... got this because I wanted something small, and it had the word Mini in it. Well, turns out it's the size of phones from a few years ago and everything else has just gotten bigger, so I probably should have went the 2nd hand route instead. But what's done is done. It works.

Excellent smartphone comparing price vs all you can do with it.maybe the only bad thing is it is not a 3.5g phone--Excelente telefono coparando el precio vs todo lo que puedes hacer con el.lo &uacute;nico malo es que es solo 3g y no 3.5g

I love this phone, right size, many excellent funtions and a very affordable price.  I chose it between many because its GPS that has taken me to any place, address or araction without loose a signal or route, it explains to me the routes, it speaks to me and re direct me if I miss the directions by my mistake. It has everything I need.  A week ago I realized that also it keeps me safe when I have to text and can not use my fingers , I just push the "speaker" key and speak my text to any destinatary I pick..and done!!it transcript the voice msg to text!!same it happens with searching in google or GPS directions...it is amazing!!!so far has worked perfectly for one year.  Battery does not run fast as other smart phones do.

Great phone for this price. I use it on T-Mobile Network with the monthly plan. I works excellent. It is a very compact phone, it is not bulky at all. My phone is an Italian version. It does not bother me at all, everything works great here. It comes with the newest android, I think 2.2.One more time: if you want an excellent product in this price range, buy this one.

I loved my phone, too bad I lost it. It was the right size fitted all the apps and they ran perfectly. It did start having trouble with signal but I don't know if it was the phone or the company I had the contract with. The one i bought had the ear buds and the charger and USB cable.

Love the size. Love the features. Best thing to replace my blackberry.  really good photos.  Also it is  Very simple to use.

Excellent divise, i recomended to any body That wants to buy a smartphone, nice shape, light weight, long battery life, excellent operative system

I recently upgraded from an IPHONE 2g and I can say the the perfomance has been oustanding. The only drawback as some users has mentioned is the batter life.
