
The phone is auto restarting constantly. The battery compartment had some scratches. Is really new? I apply all updates and still the same, it restarts every time you try to do an operation.

got this phone 2 days after purchase, i definitely recommend to all that like their smart phones.windows phone 7 is so easy to use and loads of apps free to download. camera on this phonetakes decent quality pictures alot better than my old sony ericsson w995 which has a 8 mega pixelcamera. battery life last about a day most considering this is constantly keeping up to date with the webapps not bad. htc touch screen is awesome. just now waiting for the new windows phone 7 update

My 5 stars are for the HTC 7 Surround phone itself; I'll explain.  My cousin has this phone, she bought it about a year ago and she loves it. I played with it from time to time and found it easy to use and very stable (unlike my Android phone), and the slideup speakers to be cool. It eventually inspired me to buy an HTC Radar 4G and switch to T-Mobile as my carrier. I love WinPhone 7.5, so much so that I wanted to become a developer.Which led me to purchase this "unlocked" phone, to use as a development phone. I purchased it from OEM Planet (aka Young Kimbrogh) fulfilled by Amazon.com.  Unfortunately the phone never worked.  It would turn on, show the HTC logo, and then just vibrate and reboot itself.  I even purchased a genuine AT&T; SIM card and activated the SIM card (against my wishes... as I'd had some real bad experience with AT&T; before!) but it didn't make no difference, the phone simply refused to go beyond the logo screen!Guys... If anyone has bought an unlocked Surround that works, please let me know where you bought it from! Thanks.

El telefono es asombroso!Corre las aplicaciones excelente, no se pega, no trae carpetas basura y es muy practicoArticulo totalmente nuevo!

The HTC Surround was one of the original Windows Phone 7 devices announced in late 2010. I bought one in 2012 to replace a broken Samsung Focus. The Focus lasted 18 months of torture, and the Surround barley made it 4 months.The Surround has two pop-up speakers and a kick stand to watch Netflix, YouTube and listen to music. The problem is that this adds a LOT of bulk to the device. The sliding mechanism is more fragile than a phone without moving parts and this phone does not even benefit from having a real keyboard. Worse still is that you have to slide the speakers out when playing anything or the sound will come out muffled.Now I didn't really mind the sliding speakers as I used the phone for Netflix a lot. The pop-up speakers and kickstand worked fine for watching movies on the go. But the experience was still bad because of the screen. For whatever reason, HTC decided to use some very old tech on the screen. Blacks are washed out and gray. Colors don't pop. The screen was fairly small at 3.7" and motion wasn't as smooth as on the Samsung Focus. All in all, it's a pretty terrible viewing experience. This is completely inexcusable for any device running Windows Phone that relies so heavily on deep blacks and saturated colors.So how about durability? Yeah, not so much. As I said, this phone lasted 4 months compared to my Previous Samsung Focus under the same conditions (lasting 18 months). When dropped, the screen shattered. This was no Gorilla Glass, and it showed.So how about performance? The Surround uses the same Snapdragon processor of other first generation Windows Phones and many Android phones of that time (late 2010). The Surround uses a slower 16GB Sandisk SD hard for its internal memory (it is not swappable, and cannot be removed). The result is that the phone takes a lot longer loading apps then other phones using NAND memory such as the Focus.If you are looking for a cheap replacement smartphone running WP7, the Samsung Focus is a better alternative. If you want something running WP8, try the Nokia 520. This phone simply has no real advantage over anything else on the market today, even for bargain hunters.

SELLER IS LYING ABOUT WARRANTY.  PHONES ARE SOLD PAST WARRANTY.  You will not be able to get any help from the manufacturer, and they will charge you at least $40 just to take a look if anything should go wrong.  Many comments show the phone consistently has problems 3-6 months past purchase.I ordered this phone February of 2012.  It initially functioned fine, though the cosmetics (plastics on the surface, colored designs &c;) came off within a few weeks.  I had trouble with the charger within a month of ordering - it did not fit snugly into the phone but buying another USB chrarger solved the problem.After 3 months, the phone has started to reboot constantly and always reverts to "earlier" states - losing recent messages, pictures &c.;  It seems like the storage card (microSD inside the phone, inaccessible without voiding warranty) may have gotten loose.  Some searching told me this seems to be a common problem with HTC Windows 7 phones.  My phone is currently bricked with a "STORAGE CARD NOT WORKING" error message.I called HTC and they told me the phone's warranty expired in November 2011, months before I purchased it and that I have no recourse except to send it in for out of warranty evaluation.  Once they look at it, they will quote me a price, usually between $100-150, and if i decide against it, I will be charged $40 for my troubles.I feel silly having bought this phone despite numerous reviews that have cited this exact problem.  Heed these warnings!

my phone has fails!!.. the cell phone is restarted without warning.. i install updates and my cellphone die!!..what happend with this?!! :@

Looking for a Zune with more features like a bigger screen and speakers buy this phone and use it for a music player. It's way cheaper than a Zune, has decent speakers and surf with a wireless conection.

This was an amazing deal, the phone was in like new condition at a fraction of a new phone price. Fast shipping made the deal even better. I put in my sim card and the phone was programed. Super great deal.. I am very happy with the phone and the fast service.

Seller said phone was new and it definitely isn't.  The start up part said "welcome back" and some areas of the touch screen do not work.

I've had this phone for about 7 months or so now. I loved it until about 2 months ago. Every once in a while the phone will freeze up and the touch screen becomes unresponsive. Also, anytime i would try to sync music onto my phone, zune would tell me that it could not connect to my device. What's the point of having a phone with a huge speaker if you can't put music on your phone? I still haven't solved the issue with this.Then the next great thing happened.. The battery that came with the phone died and the phone itself would turn on and off constantly telling me that the battery was "critically low" So I bought a new battery for the phone, which aren't cheap. Ever since my phone will not stopped resetting itself. It will randomly turn itself off and restart itself. It's so freaking annoying. One day, it did this 4 times in 10 minutes. Are you kidding me? that's ridiculous. I contacted HTC for support and they didnt really even tell me anything, avoiding the whole problem altogether.

this phone is great.First. The design is pretty. I didnt find the dimensions uncomfortable. It could be a little bit thiner but it is ok, at least for me.The speaker, it has been something that some people like and some other hate. I like it, because it is able to sound as loud as i need to listen music while I brush my teeth, take a bath, and do some other stuff. And loud enough to hear the alarm and wake up.It has a good sound quality. Now, one thing that you should think about is that this is a phone speaker, not a home theatre speaker. Of course dont expect a 3D super surround sound. But you will be able to get a good stereo sound and a good quality in the definitions of each sound that it plays. For a phone speaker it is ok.If you think that you wont be getting any benefits from it, then you should consider another phone, but if you think you can, then i think you should give it a try.The screen is big enough to see nice images and to browse web content and play games. It is very responsive and have good colors.Now, about WP7.  It is a good mobile OS. Of course maybe android and ios already do lots of stuff and even more than this one, BUT what i see here is that wp7 is capable of displaying the info about everything just in front of you without you having to tap or click 3 times to get the info that you need.for example you can recall, call back o make a simple call as quickly as 2 taps in the screen. Now, the UI is very friendly. This tiles show infovery nicely. For example you can see updated status from your friends, pictures that you have taken with the camera and lots of other stuff.They really wanted to make things simple and they did. Its very easy to learn how to use this phone. At least in one or 2 days you will be able to use it perfectly.Another thing that you should consider is that it is extremly fast. You dont have to wait between menus or scrolling. And there are lots of programs in the market place. And more are coming soon.Defenitvely an excellent phone. You will be happy to have one of this. Other WP7 phones are similar. WP7 is a good OS, so dont worry about. The little hardware customizations that every company choose to make, are some secondary specs of each phone that you should see and be sure which would complement your needs.

I can't turn the phone on. The quality of the phone is really bad. It looks like made from Taiwan! I've already returned the phone. Don not buy this phone!!!!!

Phone was like malfunctioning restarting itself even acted weird on the charger idk what's goin on haven't even had it 24 hrs yet??!!

is the worst purchase I could make to begin the box was in bad shape, second phone apparently had a problem because when I get the digitizer was loose and came out, so I had to buy the parts, wait a long time for arrives, send to repair the phone, it worked, then I find with surprise that the wifi does not work, spend 150 dollars more time to wait for shipping more time to wait for the spare plus the payment by the technical service and above the phone has manufacturing defects, unfortunately I can not send the phone back because I live abroad but not at all recommend this seller, I found it a scam.

I purchased this phone couple of months back and now it stopped working. I checked with HTC support for warranty and they said this phone doesn't have any warranty since it is unlocked. HTC's warranty voids the movement phone is unlocked.This seller is misleading buyers by adding "US WARRANTY" in product title. Don't buy this phone if you are looking for warranty+unlocked phone.

If it was allowed to rate this a zero. I would cause thats just how much it sucked. I wanted this phone so much and the dillemma I went through was unbearable I don't even know what the phone looks like when its open because it came broken I took it out of the box upon recieving it and inserted the battery and put it in the charger and I got absolutley nothing but a white screen that was stuck on htc. If you're smart do not purchase this phone.

Product works wonderful. This phone is more than what I thought. Its great.Couldnt ask for a better product tank you.

I wanted a smart phone that wouldn't cost me an arm and a leg.  When I came across this phone i was sketchy about buying a windows phone because I'm a apple/mac kinda person. but i didn't want to pay $800 for an unlocked iPhone. the other reviews for this phone were very good. so i bought this phone, and I'm very glad i did!!! I think the setup is very well designed, i can easily manouver through the different applications with ease. its very responsive! I was very impressed how well i could text with out making many mistakes. the screen is bright and colors displayed are amazing. the camera quality is very good, no complaints whatsoever. I love listening to music! and with the slide out speaker, i can take music with me wherever i go.  its pre loaded with 16gb of internal memory.  the only things i wasn't fond of was first, theres no spot for a micro sd card. but i can't fill up 16 gb of memory so thats not a big issue. and last the battery is pretty good, but i wish it could be a little longer. Overall very impressed!!!! and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a smartphone! for apple users, i have to say, this competes right along side with the iPhone 4.

I bought this phone less than 2 months and it already giving me trouble. I can't download my marketplace programs since I receive it so basically all I can do is call, text and use the WiFi. In addition the when I call anyone they can't hear me on there end and this has happen to me several times since I go it and the touchscreen is giving trouble. I am sorry I bought this phone I feel I wasted my money.

I bought that phone one month ago I am in Haiti my sister received for me  in Miami when I first opened it the screen can not unlock, cause the unlock is not visible, I can not answer any call because I have to use the unlock bare to get the call.I wrote them an e-mail they said it's too late but I live in HAiti . I lost my 140 dollars, so I please you don't buy it, please , please.

Worked perfectly from the moment the SIM card went in.  We're T-Mobile, so we were slowed to 2G, but it's still a great phone and a super great price.

EQUIPO DEFECTUOSO APARTE QUE TENIA PROTECTOR DE PANTALLA LO CUAL HACE PENSAR QUE FUE USADO HAY QUE PENSARLO 2 VECES PARA COMPRARLE A ESTE VENDEDOR

Even though the OS is very nice, it doesn't work well when it's come to play apps at background, for example, to see my Whatsapp messages, I have to open the app and then all my messages arrive at once, when I closed the app it gave my a notification but it takes more that I would like to, Whatsapp is not stable  as it is in IOS, Android or even BBAfter three month of used, the wireless funcion didn't work anymore, I even replaced the antena and still nothing, I thought it was an OS problem but I couldn't find a proper support for Windows Mobile in my country, so I had to buy an other phoneMaybe I had bad luck, I did liked the phone but it didn't work for me.

I should have returned it when I got the rma number. It was locking up and and always had to open it to reset it. This is one of the biggest piece of ---- I have ever bought.

I have been using this phone for about six weeks by now. Before I got the HTC Surround I used Apple's iPhone 3GS, and HTC Touch Pro. I will review not just the phone, because I think the OS is also very important when talking about HTC Surround.Dimensions and CharacteristicsI think the screen size is the same of iPhone's 3G or 4G. Talking about image quality, I can't find any differences between them, of course there might be some technical differences but I am not able to notice them with my eyes :).The phone size is very similar to the iPhone; HTC Surround is a little bigger because of the speaker, but I would say there is no size difference. The built in camera is good and you have a good flash light also which is nice to have when taking pictures in dark ambience.User InterfaceMicrosoft has done a great job redesigning the screens in WP7 with "Metro". You will see that the icons (which are called tiles) in the main screen are "alive" and are not static icons like the iPhone. The tiles gives you information about your contacts (updates from Windows Live, Facebook, My Space, Messenger), some applications are using live tiles like Weather channel, so you don't have to enter the app or contacts to see the information. I think the "live tiles" will be very popular in the near future, because they can give you the information you need without wasting any time opening the application unless you need more info from it. Also live tiles make the main screen more attractive... I like them.Zune vs. iTunesAfter using iTunes for several years, I just realized that if you don't have an Apple's computer, then you will have some troubles using iTunes (at least that's my experience). I have to say that I like Zune much more than I like iTunes. Zune is all about multimedia, the UI is really nice, full of watermarks which change depending of what you are viewing and that makes you enjoy using the software, the opposite feeling when I use iTunes which I consider boring and I use it because I have to in order to synchronize my iPod.TouchscreenI think HTC's touchscreen responds better than iPhone's 3GS or 4G. The screen responds incredible fast (compared to iPhone) and touch is very accurate (much better than I got in Touch Pro... I can't even compare them!)Marketplace vs. AppstoreIn Ecuador the items you can purchase from Appstore is very limited due copyright terms, but in US you will find a lot of more applications in Appstore than Marketplace, even though Microsoft is doing a great job with developers, but there is a long way to go. I would really like to have applications in Marketplace like Whatsapp, Waze, Google Maps and Skype (which has been announced to be delivered in fall this year). If you think the applications are something really important when you have to pick your phone, then I recommend that you look at Zune or Marketplace if those applications you really like are available for WP7. If the application is not in available, then you can check at developer's forums if there are any plans to develop the software.KeyboardIf you are used to type using a built-in keyboard (like Blackberry 9300 or similar), then you will have some troubles while you get used to type on the screen. iPhone's and HTC's keyboard work pretty much the same, both respond fast and the size of the letters are good enough to type without making many mistakes. You can turn on the grammar checker that help you to correct misspelled words (only English), since 99% of the time I write in Spanish I have turned off that option so I cannot tell you if it is good or not.Office HubI expected more from WP7 Office hub. The office applications are extremely basic and I still don't know how to synchronize documents from the phone to the PC, or transfer files from the PC to the Phone. Microsoft has announced that Office Hub will be much better with the next upgrade (codename Mango)ConclusionIn conclusion, I am not an expert about phones; but I have used several models and OS and I really like this phone. Of course there are things to be done before it reaches the level of Android or iOS, but Microsoft is doing a great job with Phone manufacturers like HTC.PS: Last week I got the "NoDo" update, and now I am able to copy/paste information.--- Update: nov 6 2011 ---Many things have changed in the OS since my original review with Mango update (WP7.5) which was delivered last month. Live tiles as expected are more useful today, now you can create groups of your contacts and pin the group to the home screen. Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS.In the Message Hub now you can send messages not only using the regular SMS, you can send messages to your contacts in Messenger and Facebook Chat. The phone will let you know if the contact you are writing to is connected to one of those two networks (or both), otherwise it will suggest sending a regular SMS.Now I have Whatsapp and soon will have Skype. Waze and Google Maps still missing but I hope sooner than later they will be available.There are many changes in the phone with the upgrade of the "new" OS (WP7.5) and I don't want to make this review longer than it is already, I am really happy with this phone and I don't find any reason to go back to iPhone or change to Android.

I've been looking for 3 months to replace my bb because the mouse burned out. I love the HTC. At first I was angry because it wouldnt let me send a picture and it wouldnt let me download apps. After realizing that it was because it needed updating by syncing to the zune stuff on my computer, it started working much better. It rocks! great sound and nice video. It takes great pictures runs fast on wifi. Very smooth touchscreen. I have never liked touchscreens but I love this one. My fingers are big and I have no problems texting.

The phone is quick and extremely responsive.  Reception is clean and clear, the video is sharp and smooth, Setup was a breeze and once I connected to my network surfing was enjoyable, web pages were quick and smooth. I would recommend the phone to all my friends. I have two problems:i. The company advertise the phone as UNLOCKED and it was not.2. The battery life with all the features turned on can be less than a day.The new windows interface takes some getting use to but it is very quick and stable. It has not crashed as yet and everything works.A great phone

Do not waste money cause they are not durable.they freeze a lot and  the system used mess them up.please notice that they have no warranty!

+ Windows Phone 7 is great and HTC's build quality is superior. For the price I could not complain with what this phone had to offer.+ Decent camera, 720p video recording is nice, camera optics aren't amazing by any means, but you do get what you pay for - a nice, distortion/artifact free point and shoot.+ Windows Phone 7 Mango installs with no problems.- Speaker isn't worth the extra weight and bulk, but this is subjective-- After 2 months of use, it was plagued with the lock screen issue (just google HTC surround lock screen problem). There's no known fix for this problem right now and as such the phone is unusable. I tried restoring to pre-mango and even flashed custom ROMs but nothing fixed the issue. This is now a paper weight on my desk, its really a shame considering how good of a phone it was when it worked.

Muy mal este tel&eacute;fono venia con problema, se bloqueaba a cada rato y no tube una soluci&oacute;n por el tel&eacute;fono

This is a great phone however I found it not so user friendly. When inserting my sim card it worked fine however allot of the apps we use as a family are not available or when I search for them, instagram, etc., the message is check back later for the app isn't available at this time. With this being the situation I had to continue use of my iphone 3GS.

I purchased this unlocked HTC phone as a new phone, but it came to me with some pictures that someone took. Also the phone is labelled with the At&t logo, a fact that makes me think that it was originaly sold by At&t. Besides that it is OK.

reason for this name is simple, when buying this phone you must be lucky to get a perfectly working one. after the first 3 days i loved this phone but then after 1 week of use it fell into a reboot loop. i should have noticed something was wrong when the battery had to be put in upside down in order for the phone to be powered. (strange)this phone got really hot before it started in its continous loop then it just freezes at the "HTC" boot screen.searching the internet reveals that this is a very common problem so if you're thinking about getting this phone "good luck" -you'll need it. you should also buy a lottery ticket since you feel like a winner

I bought this phone last yearAt the beginning, it worked greats and the sounds was goodHowever, the screen stopped working (freeze) all the time after 6 months of usage.Tried power off and reset but didn't work

I bought this phone for free with a 2 year plan, and it was still expensive in terms of the time I spent customizing and changing this or that...bottom line, this phone will remain bad...simple word but that is exactly what describes it. Windows did a bad investment in making their os available on an Htc Surround... I have bought a better windows phone and I'm much happier.

With the mango update installed this thing is awesome . Very quick and responsive ,easily the best phone I have ever owned.my only gripe is the fact that you have to be tied to the Zune software and the lack of Bluetooth data transfer ,but the phone itself is so good that it makes up for it on an almost daily basis.

I bought this phone in december 2011. It started battery problem in a month and finally stopped working just after a year when its warranty got finished....they are not selling this phone but fooling peoples...Just wanna tell dont buy this phone.........

I got this as a gift for someone to use in a Latin America.  It came unlocked and it works great.  The teenager loves it.  She listens to music and watches videos all the time.  It comes with a lot of apps and it does very well.

The item was great as described! The phone looked brand new to me which was amazing. For some of you who are not familiar with windows phone 7, this phone is a great device for you to buy.

Great phone ... i loved !! very fast and easy use, desing elegant and nice performanceWindows Phone 7 i liked

Put the operating system aside this seems to be a great phone.processor speed is accetable likewise the memory.the OS  was also pretty impressive. nice apps, picture quality and so forth.I'd the biggest downfall with the phone is the battery life. IT SUCKS. I made a call after the phone just finished a full charge and 10 mins later, a quarter of the battery is gone. ridiculous. I have to be working around it by always having to keep the phone on battery saver, turn off WIFI and the list goes on.Hate the fact that everytime I wanted to add a file I have to use zune. it's a pain in the butt. If you plug it in your computer, you won't even see the phone as a removable drive. this sucks.Bottom line: if it wasn't for the zune crap and the lame batter life, I would give this phone a 4.5/5.

The window 7 phone is adaptable, however, there a lot problem with apps and loading time. This is my only my opinion

I don't know what happened to the phone but I never used it, the manual was not useful, I simply gave it out and the person too has not been able to use it, she thought it was the battery, after changing the battery, she still could not use it.

This phone is amazing. It has everything that I need and could ever want in a cell phone. I would like to know where I can get a battery with a longer life.

"the interfaz its simple but.... i dont have messenger original.... i cant change the lenguage... i cant copy the text.... its increidible that once smartphone u cant copy a text... its amazing..." and I have the new update... and i have my lenguage in my phone... nice... very nice... and I can cort and copy... I LOVE MY PHONE... and the xbox live... the games pacman and fruit ninja are very funny... i recommended... I report from Quito Ecuador... I LOVE MY HTC AND MY XBOX!!!!

This is the worst HTC!! It's boring and requires to much work. I have to attach my usb to my pohne and my windows computer in order to open my picture mail that people text me. I can't crop my photos I have to upload my pics to a site just to edit them. The storage space is very limited, the battery life is horrible!! Even after fully charging it and not using it the crap still kills the battery.The home screen is boring I'd rather use my HTC Evo. Now onto the company it came from on here. These boneheads sent the phone without the back piece that covers the back and they sent the wrong battery :( who does that?? I called them and was shocked that they knew why I was calling before I could finish my sentence. So I then thought wow these people are stupid. The rep says to me, "We are sending out the back and the correct battery for your phone, you should get it tomorrow." Well yeah I got the shipment the next day with another phone and no battery!! Fed up with them I drove an hour away from my home to go buy a battery which was out of stock and on back order in my area.

The product you sold me Phone Etc store is not a new cell is constructed has been verified by a professional, Amazon is all it does continue to allow these scammers continue to sell in your online store, the only answer I got was that return the cell so that it re-sell and continue cheating, I chose to vote for ethics product away because there has to be so that they do not continue deceiving buyers and ensure Amazon over this store, this is fraud, I advise everyone who buys this medium that dare not rely on this store for anything as provide assistance to buyers that they should have a quality of what they sell them dare, well I've only been another victim I hope you are not.El producto que me vendi&oacute; la tienda Phone Etc no es un celular nuevo, es reconstruido ha sido verificado por un profesional,  Amazon lo &uacute;nico que hace es seguir permitiendo que estos estafadores sigan vendiendo en su tienda online, la &uacute;nica soluci&oacute;n que me dieron fue que regrese el celular para que as&iacute; lo vuelvan a vender y sigan estafando, yo por &eacute;tica prefer&iacute; votar a la basura este producto ya que ah&iacute; tiene que estar para que ellos no sigan enga&ntilde;ando a los compradores y encima Amazon garantizan esta tienda, esto es fraude, yo aconsejar&iacute;a a todos los que compren atreves de este medio que no conf&iacute;en en esta tienda ya que para nada brindan ayuda a sus compradores por que deber&iacute;an tener un control de calidad de lo que venden atreves de ellos, bueno yo solo he sido otra v&iacute;ctima m&aacute;s espero que ustedes no lo sean.

This cellphone is constantly crashing, when i try opening apps it freezes and sometimes restarts itself. The windows platform does not have many useful applications so that kinda sucks. It would be a good phone if it wouldnt freeze every thirty minutes

I literally just got this phone today, & I actually like it more then I thought I would lol. Hopefully I won't have any problems with this phone because I am liking the layout of windows 7. First time having a windows phone so a new experience. One thing that does need to be done is where I bought this off of Amazon it showed the phone as having a slide out keyboard which it does not!

After 8 months using this phone, it doesn't work any more, the touchscreen doesn't perceive my finger, the battery doesn't charge.If you don't want to have a bad experience like me, don't buy this phone.

Well the service that they gave me was pretty good, they sent it so fast and everything came in a good condition and whole description in the sing was real. Actually I'm so happy for the kind of product I got. Thank you

The phone it's ok, I recieved in perfect conditions.One thing you want to know is the battery life it's about 30 hours, you have to charge every day.The touch screen its good on response, it takes some time until you can do every thing, but it's not a problemUnloked phone you can use with any operator.

I purchased this phone online from Trinidad and the phone never worked properly, eventually within two months it stopped working... Waste of time and money... please do not buy, especially from  Open Group Wireless.

the phone does not work, this is a scam... false advertisement that it is an unlocked phone.  The phone does not even turn on.

La compra fue muy efectiva, con rapidez y todo se hizo segun lo acordado, el unico detalle es que el celular no tiene operativo el windows market para este pais o region (Venezuela).

This was listed as new.  It was not.  The box had been opened and there was debris on the phone.  Upon inserting the battery and my sim card the phone started up and all seemed promising but the screen immediatly went black.  No results when I pressed the power button.  Considered that maybe the battery was not partially charged I plugged the phone in and allowed it to charge however there was no amber light indicating that it was charging.  After 2 hours I checked again and it would still not power on.  I removed the batter and sim card, replaced both, and tried again.  This time all I got was the HTC screen.  Third time, not a charm, absolutley nothing.  Not really sure if I will reorder or not but this is being returned tomorrow.

Great device and good for the money. The only issue I find with the phone is the battery power is low. Battery goes out fast. And the setting too is a little technical

Great windows phone looks nice feels nice smooth when operating bright colors on screen and pictures with camera shots loud speaker

Coming from Noika's E71, E72, & E5... this is an OK phone out of the box. I say that because the touch key board sucks as it's way too sensitive. (I keep making mistakes) Or perhaps I'm just so used to a real qwerty key board, that it will take time to get used to. Time will tell.The other features are great, the phone is super easy to use! I just need to download some apps like a world clock and a currency converter then I'll be good to go.

I purchased HTC surround 7 T8788 after reading customers review,but it turned out be a piece of crap stopped working after 2months. PLEASE DONOT BUY HTC SURROUND 7 PHONE. ive returned the porduct.

Got the suppose to be new  and it won't let me get any apps and can't play games. The att store said I need a new phone.

easy to use and I like its integration with facebook. I got this in 2009 december. since then have been very pleased. I do wish it had a front facing camera like apple and much better integration with google docs :D. BUt still its worth 5 starsThe speaker is great too with the all the surround sound and dolby effects.

It sucked when I first got it i couldn't watch YouTube videos or anything like that. It;s not as big as it looks in the picture it is smaller than the other HTC phones ( evo, HD7 etc) . It would freeze and come back on hours later but it froze and didnt come back on. It's not worth the money. It doesn't support android and has barely nothing in it's marketplace. It has a built in memory and doesn't take SD cards. This phone sucks I would not reccomend it to anyone. To put music on it you have to download a software called Zune. Overall, this phone is not worth the money and obviously is a refurbished phone I woud think twice before getting this phone.

Hello,In my job all people uses bb, nokia, samsung's cellophones, etc. So my phone was an experiment, and I didn't think i will like it at all. I've change my mind and It is really usefull and I cause the envy of some of my partners ha ha...So, thank you for selling me a thing that is helping me in my daily activities.It was my firts purchase...Love it!Greetings,Silvana

Fantastic phoneThe price was very competitiveEasy to use and understandGreat for an older personFabulous graphicsLots of features

I always wait to review things until I've had them at least a month. I bought it as a Father's Day gift for husband and he loves it. We are partial though as we gave up Apple products a couple years ago and are now 100% loyal Windows/Microsoft fans. But if the phone was crap, believe me I would say it so you would be spared the purchase. The only thing is he isn't able to open up pictures. He fully believes that is an issue with him not figuring out something and not a default with the phone.

I purchased this phone and i received it in no time. At first everything was great and then maybe a week after  I started hearing static throughout all my calls which makes it difficult to hear anyone on the phone. I find this is ridiculous. This phone has a lot of great features but when it come to the important parts it is very faulty.

I had this phone and it was great! Windows Phone 7 is a cool OS and HTC makes good hardware.Best feature: the slide out forward facing speakers for those who love listening to music! More phones need that!Only four stars because the phone is now three years old...

I purchase this phone awhile back, but anyway when I got it worked great,couple months later just stop working. I liked it alot too. :/

All in all the HTC Surround is a great handset.I purchased the device for use with the Straight Talk Sim Card program.  It works very well excluding the ability to send mms which is a issue which is universal to WP7 devices.On to the device.THE GOOD:Screen - The device has a very bright screen that is of decent quality. Its not an AMOLED but its close.Cellular Modem - I looked this up as best as I could before hand to see if this was an HSPA+ device.  It does appear to be an HSPA+ device. I have speedtested it at well over 4+mbps on straight talks att mvno network.Physical Dimensions - The phone is a good size and heft. It feels like a sturdy device and the back covers matte finish gives it a sophisticated feel.Speaker - Other reviewers have listed this as not all too impressive, I would disagree here. I think the speaker adds a lot to the device and is miles betters than a standalone smartphone speaker. It outputs a full rich sound.  Is it a reason to buy the phone, well , no not really but its a nice bonus.Performance - Like every other windows device the surround has a smooth user experience with no hickups or bugs. Netflix streaming was smooth and high quality. Apps functioned very well with no noticeable issues.THE BAD:Updates - As this is an older handset it required over 8 updates to be installed prior to being functional.  This process took well over 2.5 hours.Kick Stand - The kick stand seems a bit flimsy.The Camera - The video recording component forgets its settings every time you close out. Not a huge issue for me but it could be for some.The Big Picture:All in all the HTC Surround is a solid WP7 Device.  You should not, I repeat should not buy this device for its speaker.  It is a great all around smartphone with a great screen, good performance and great feel, that just happens to have a nice slide out speaker system, not the other way around.  If you are looking for a device without a physical keyboard that is thin light and sturdy with good performance that is priced competitively this is a great choice.

A little heavy.  Not many apps available.  No automatic focus in camera will not take pictures when subject moves just a little.  Will not allow me to add memory.

Phone arrived on time, item looked as it was described, in good shape.Charged the phone over night; it would not take charge.  It had to be returned; it was my son's Christmas gift :(

bought this phone and nw it is messing up big time. it freezes and no one wants to do anything about it. not amazon and not htc..

I acquired the phone and soon I realized that is worst than a marriage contract with Microsoft. I previously had an Omnia II running Windows Mobile 6.1. I had installed my Bible Reader and Bible from OliveTree.com, Pocket Cad Viewer and FSecure Mobile Security. I could also synchronize my contacts from Outlook and I felt a complete integration with my desktop.After having the new HTC Surround running Windows Phone 7 for about a day I ralized that none of the above actions could be done and any applications to be installed are to be done through Microsoft Market Place with limited offerings to my interests. I ended up giving the phone away to my son, who does not need any additional apps and handles his contacts through Windows Live

es un excelente tel&eacute;fono, nada que envidiar a otros mucho mas costosos, todo perfecto, rapidez, buena pantalla, excelente sonido, y una infinidad de cosas buenas, las notas de voz buenisimas!

So nice to finally have a phone that just works perfectly.  I love the windows phone OS, and this phone is a great starter for someone on the fence.  I've had an iPhone 3G (IMO, too expensive for the quality) and two androids.  Making the switch was a little difficult, but so so so so so worth it.

The pone was very bad until tthe first time i bought it. The battery is so bad and tha manual was a Copy, I lose my money with that phone.

I put in my T-mobile prepaid sim card and I was good to go.I have a Zune Pass so I enjoy using its kickstand and listening to music.  If you do not plan on listening listening to music for at least a couple hours a week through its speaker, I would suggest going with a thinner phone.  The speaker is nice but does add bulk to the phone and after a couple weeks never really snaps shut - this is was why I gave it a 4 and not a 5.  I also do not like the rocker volume button or camera button - they feel cheap.This is my first smart phone and I am not aware of the capabilities of Apple and Android.  I am impressed with the integration between Hotmail and Skydrive.  If you take a photo, you can set it to back up automatically to Skydrive.  The camera is decent.  I wish the camera button was more pronounced.Using the phone is not frustrating and apps pop up quickly.

The phone was was in excellent conditions, brand new as promised, unlocked and it worked perfect after I made the proper changes.The delivery was a little slow but still on the schedule delivery time.

Excelente telefono, camara, pantalla, respuesta tactil, deslizamiento del microfono surround, desbloqueado, 850 en 3G, Funciona en Costa Rica, Camara 5mp, Actualiza a Windows 7.5 Mango. Sincroniza con Hotmail y Facebook, Video en HD.Muy barato jeje.

The OS works nice with few complains but the battery life if is poorand never makes it through the day without a recharge. However this is a known issue with this first generation of windows phone.

I love the phone, the delivery was fast, I get full, no damage, perfect condition, good applications rather recommendedPerhaps the only thing I did not like was that hot fast

it ok but you can on send an recieve pic's threw e-mail i think that sucksi hope this help's someone

I misut say i was very impressed with the phone. When i received it, the phone was in as good of a condition as it could of been considering its status. I did have difficulty with the slide out speaker but i assume that after excessive wear it jsut gets loose. Sometiems the power/unlock button is too pressed down that i can sometime not feel the click when it is pressed. Overall the phone works great. software is performing great, hardware is not in bad shape considering everything. Shipping could of been cleaner but thats okay. I love the phone.

The camera doesn't work and there's pretty much nothing I can do about it to return it or get my money back cause I live in Lima, Per&uacute;.

I didn't expect too much from this phone. I just wanted to upgrade to the "smartphone" category and needed something to keep track of texts / emails.This proved to be well qualified with its sleek OS and snappy performance. Granted it doesn't run all the best games, but it will do enough running Rizing lag-free.I upgraded to Windows 7.5 right out of the box and it doesn't seem to have too many major issues. I couldn't give this a score of 5 stars as there were some bugs andissues with the device:1. It will lock up once when you plug in charge or unplug it from charge forcing you to power into standby and waking it up again.2. For some odd reason, I can't send out picture / video messages, which could be on my end - but still not working for meOther than that, love how it sorts my email and text messages. Another great thing is the kick-stand and sound quality when you lift the phone with its SRS technology and dolby speakers.Great start if you're interested in a lower-end Windows phone.

I'm really happy with this cellphone, to be honest at first i wasn't sure if Windows Phone would be my kind of Opearating System but I don't regret i chose this phone. It's fast, it's nice, it's easy to use! If you like to be up to date with your social networks you don't even need to download any extra apps the cellphone is designed for it! The only thing i don't like that much is the fact i can not use one of my songs as a ringtone for calls nor for messages. I love my phone if you buy one of this i hope you can like it as much as i do.

Got this when my Galaxy broke. Had for about 36 hours. When I went to update the OS it accepted the first few updates, then it got stuck on the htc loading screen after the last update (i think win 7.5) tried hard reset, tried factory reset, then just sent it back yesterday (feb. 10, 2012). Maybe it was just my unit.

one of the phones that I happen not come unlocked, I do not recognize the simWhat can do?ThanksRyR

HTC T8788 Suround Windows 7 Phone.I have had problems with the Touch Screen responding to commands sence I received this phone.  Now After 2 months the screen is about 90% no-respondsive to commands.  I have done Soft, Hard and Factory restore and still the same problem.  When researching online for a solution (no avail) I  find this is a common problem with the HTC Windows Phones.  Save your self money and problems, Do Not Purchase.

I buy this phone for my mother and is weas phone I ever bot in my life. I will advice any one not to buy, because you weast your money if you buy this phone. This phone have so many problems, 1, it has a problem about the Battery. The battery die less then fourty seconds , 2, the net work is really bad, 3, it become so hot when you put it on charge. So there is no way this phone will help any one to buy. So please if you lestline to me don't buy. Thank you

I bought one of these for my wife when Windows Phone 7 launched, and it is probably her favorite gift from me besides her engagement ring. I just bought a couple more; one is a backup for when hers gives up the ghost eventually, and the other is to replace my Zune HD.Zune Pass has been hard to find players for since Microsoft decided to drop the Zune hardware in favor of software for Windows Phone, Xbox 360 and Windows XP, VIsta and 7 for PCs. My Zune HD has been circling the brink for a while, and in the past couple weeks it's been a sad remnant of it's former self. My wife made the comment that she thought her phones sounded better than my Zune anyways, so I plugged my Klipsch X10 IEMs into her phone.....I have never been more surprised in my entire life. The sound coming out of this phone was indeed better than any portable MP3 player I have ever used. It's got a high quality amplifier too, and I no longer carry a portable amp.If your Zune dead or is about to bite the dust --look no further. At $200 or less this device costs about as much as a Zune HD did, and it sounds significantly better. If you're concerned about 16GB not being enough: my wife put a 64GB Class 4 Micro SDHC in hers, and I plan to do so as well. Keep in mind though, swapping the internal SD card will void the warranty.

I bought this phone (htc 7 sorround) about a month ago. The phone was broken, when I turned on the screen was frozen (white screen) and never passed that level.. Sorry, but my advice is do not trust this seller... certainly  they do not test the phone before sending it..Nando

although many apps i cannot get on windows phone. the actual phone is great and has warranty so i am happy

The phone doesn't slide completely like shown in the photo. I was highly dissapointed.But if you don't mind that, its a lovely phone.

With Mango on it, this phone is probably more than most people are looking for.  While it is a bit on the heavy side, and the screen isn't nearly as clear as the Amoleds released beside it, the kick stand and slide out speakers are great for movie watching.  The battery life is acceptable and the HTC production value is definitely on display.  You'll have a tough time breaking this phone unless you find yourself endlessly toying with the speaker slide out.  You could do much worse for your money.

I bought the phone in May 2012. It stopped working after 4 months. The wireless digital group who sold me the phone lied to me about warranty. They state that it has a US warranty but they are lying. I contacted HTC and after checking the serial number they told me that the warranty on that phone expired on November 24, 2011. So Wireless digital group sold me a phone claiming that it has warranty on it. I sent them 2 emails but they did not reply back. I dont know how amazon.com allows these people to get away with lying.

I honestly feel that you should judge the phone from where u buy it from this phone is sold by different retailers therefore their will be good comments and bad comments and good results and bad results so,sometimes it's best to ignore comments

This phone started out GREAT. I LOVED it! Everything was awesome! I've had the phone for 2 months now, and last week, it started turning off when i would leave it sit for a few minutes without messing with it. Then, 2 days ago, i turn my phone off, and turn it back on, like i have always done, and my storage card is damaged. And i would LOVE to know how since the phone has NEVER been wet, or dropped! I come back on here to try to contact the seller, and i can't. The title CLEARLY says warranty, but only a 30 day one? I sank $200 into this phone, and it doesn't work now, for NO reason?!Do NOT waste your money on this phone, seems now i see all the reviews of SEVERAL phones doing the SAME thing, around the SAME period of time. Coincidence? I think not!

This phone is very responsive and has a crisp and clear screen.  The proximity and light sensors actually work and work well on this phone.  I have not had a dropped call.  Speakers are loud and the kickstand is very useful.  I switched from an Iphone 4 for this and can say I will never go back to an Apple Phone.  The phone is upgradable to 7.5 (mango) and will update when connected to zune software.  The music and photo programs as well as the live tiles are vey well designed and easier to use.  And yes it is UNLOCKED and I am using this phone right now in Germany (on a German network).  (American Citizen).The only issues I have see is that the phone was packaged "new" but I can tell it was probably refurbished due to some light and VERY minor scratches on the back cover and the APP store/marketplace does not have the same support (as many apps) as Anroid or Iphone, but you can still find what you need.  Battery life is not too terrible, lasts me all day with intermittent usage (heavy at times).Apps that look ugly on Iphone and Android are crisp and clean on WP7.In closing, I recommend this phone and platform over the competition. And the phone comes with Microsoft Office.

. It sucks it took forever to come in the mail. The phone doesn't come in it's correct box. Once I opened it I fell in love with how nice it looked but once I went to turn it on it's shows a white screen then turns off. I had the phone charging for the entire day but still it does not work. Do Not NOT PURCHASE. I DIDN'T LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS AND LOOKED WHAT HAPPENED

From both the product and the seller!!! the product dose not  work!!! it just reboots it self constantly. It locks when its not rebooting then repeats its incredibly frustrating. I would say the product was just no good but the seller couldn't get it to me when I requested and paid for.Over all very frustrated and dissatisfied.

Well I must say I have never written a review before but I might as well. Now this phone was good in thought yes but in execution it was awful, when I picked up my HTC at the ATT store it worked fine, but when I went to my car and charged the thing it froze, so I take off the back and bam the liquid sensors where pink, and im like, wow really? My hands are dry,the air is dry and I go into the ATT store and to my bewilderment, they won't do anything because I water damaged it, that was day one guys,one. Next one month I needed to answer a call, well guess what, the mic was broken, no problem right? Wrong, the plug in mic didn't work, my Bluetooth didn't work, HTC sent my exact phone back, so here is the list of problems i have so far1. The screen freezes when I charge it2. It over hears3. The mic doesn't workAnd now fast forward to 4 months later, I am texting my friend and what do i hear and see? Well i hear a crack, what do i see? The lock button has snapped add that too a the listA month after that the screen starts to separate, two months the battery doesn't hold a chargeSo now weekly I have to superglue my screen on...The OS is either you'll love it or you'll hate it, mine has so many bugs that i loathe it, it takes 15 minutes to load a song off the music player, the maps say i live in Maine when i live in Oklahoma... I cannot wait for May Upgrades because i will leave ATT and go to sprint so i can get unlimited data with sprint

The ddli rey das un the time estimated.. And the phone is amazing, it doesnt have any problem, only the camera is 5 mega pixels bit the image is not very clear as I supposed

I updated the Windows Phone, installed a lots of apps... and it worked great!... Graphics and tools were very useful... But suddenly, a reboot loop started, there is no way to stop it! The overheat damaged the microSD, so i replaced it, but the phone is not fixed yet. So i should try with a new battery (10$) because the official support can't do anything for me.

IM SO DISAPOINTED, I RECIEVED A DIFFERENT PHONE OUT OF WHAT I PAID FOR... INTEAD I GOT A GO PHONE AND IT WAS A SAMSUNG WITH A SIMCARD WHERE HERE IN DOWNTOWN THE PHONE VALUE IS $50.. BAD SERVICE AND ITEMS RECIEVED NOT AS EXPECTED
