
this is my second my touch from amazon. features are easy to use. first phone took a lot of abuse & kept on working. two times in the commode. amazon is number one for service & products.

i like the phone but the seller sent me a defective phone and currently waiting for a replacement so now i have been without a phone for another week or 2. prior to this i didnt have it for a month

seemed like it took forever to ship,, but I guess I was just being impatient othet than that phone came out to be exactly as described if not better...totally satisfied recommend buying from them RELIABLE 100%

Not sure about the Android - I am an Iphone user.  Phone looks good even though advertised as used---sure wish they would send startup manual - it sure would help....and the headphones that should have been with it.....

I had this same phone for just over 2 years with no problems at all until it stopped working!!!!  I really did get my use out of it!  So I went ahead and bought the exact same one unlocked.  Tmobile won't give me a discount any more on phones because I'm on a discount plan.  Big mistake moving to that because all the newer phones are pricey!!!!Back to the one I bought unlocked.  It's very similar to the one I had as far as connections, being able to put back on everything I had on my old one.  This one has &#34;my faves&#34; on it.  I can't seem to get rid of it.  My other exact phone didn't have that on it.  It's suppose to be 4G but I would say half the time it's showing 2G and it's much slower to download.I still love this phone.  I know how to use it and it doesn't seem to have any other problems besides the 2G thing.  If that's really important to you then I would reconsider buying this one.  I read all the reviews on it and some of them mentioned this problem.  I don't download large files, etc.I had to have a phone so this one was perfect for the price after pricing the newer ones!

Product arrived in estimated delivery time , a week.i ordered two refurbished.one came in the official my touch case with headphones,wall charger,and a cloth.the phone looked good as new besides a mnor scrape on the back case.everything functions properly,the internet connect is fast it came with a screen protector and a black silcon case.very nice. although im having issues with my sim card , it says unlocked but i continue to have no service so im going to tmobile today to see what i can do.my second phone didnt come in any case or with anything else.works properly , everything functions normally.everything appears new but the back of the phone has some pretty heavy scratches , nothing else asides that.and this phone is actually unlocked and works with my sim card so thats a plus.overall : for the price,the quality is acceptable. good as new but few minor setbacks.

the phone has given men all kinds of problems since i started using it...some of the problems are as follows:(1) whilst using the before u realize the phone has gone (2) most of the time whiles u busily using the phone before you realize  the key pad  which control the system has stop abruptly and lastly (3) the phone charger easily comes out when u insert the charger to charge the battery when it low...so please u kind u imagine the headache am going through for buying a phone less than two months

i am so beyond happy with the quality and value of this phone. i have looked everywhere for the lowest price i could find for a brand new mytouch 4g and this was the lowest price i could find. so beyond the price, i got this phone 4 days before it was preidcted and it came with all the things a phone comes with when you buy it right from tmobile or any other cellular store. i turned it on, put my sim card in, and it works perfectly! i am expecially thrilled with the wireless router which is my reason for buying the phone. WORTH EVERY PENNY!

I had no problems with phone, gave it away and now im stuck with crappy replacements! works like a charm!

Would not accept my sim card I tried everything it did not work a waste of money and time I was upset

The products condition was wayyy worse than advertised. Its dirty, scratched up, and in nothing like the &#34;like new&#34; state it said it was in. Price was the only good thing about this item, but i would have paid more for a better quality product.

The phone is kinda good. I had to purchase a battery for the phone and a new charger. The phone lags alot but somtimes it works great

The phone has been decent but the service from the company IS HORRIBLE!! I would NOT recommend buying form them!! They DO NOT know anything about the product they sell and and then sell a refurbished phone at a new price!! VERY dishonest!!!! I don't know if you can tell but I am EXTREMELY dissatisfied with my purchase!!!

After a day or two the phone continuously keep sticking and freezing on me,,,,can't do anything,make calls,receive calls,watch a video or even play a game,,,had it flashed over an still the same problem,,,worst purchase I  ever made and i I really regret it!!!!!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE IT'S A WASTE OF MONEY,,,TRUST ME!!!

This is a replacement for a phone that it was stolen, so the features of the product were already known to me; I like it and that is why I bought the same one again. In terms of the transaction there were two issues: the product was not in the condition it was described (said it looked like new, but it wasn't) and it took 3 weeks to deliver, which is an eternity when you don't have a cell phone.

Product came quick and very clean.For a used product it came with extras and full detail of the products of all its original contents.

I received the package on the expected shipment date but the shipment seem to miss the 8GB SD card that was included in he package.  Without this the camera was pretty useless. This seems an order fulfillment issue, I hope they rectify the issue.

Within 2weeks of owning the phone it shown a update that literally fried the phone. When it worked it was enjoyable fast and responsive.

I upgraded from an hd2 and I'm very happy with this phone. It's way faster and the screen resolution is much better, not to mention it's native Android. Mine is using the Cyanogen mod so it's wide open. The screen is pretty sturdy too since it's smaller and stronger.I find the audio quality to be great as well. This phone has about the same dimensions as the iphone so not too big or too small for smooth internet browsing and to hold in your hand. One thing I wanted is a more fine resolution volume setting, the jumps between settings either make music too loud or not loud enough especially since I'm using the Cyanogen DSP audio booster.The front and back facing camera is awesome as well and can be used as a video camera too. Battery life is excellent if you either use the Cyanogen cpu governor and set it to conservative or use dl setcpu from market and do the same thing.I'm using this for t-mobile and consistently get the "H" or 4G speeds. So this is a great phone to get, not too expensive and does pretty much everything that the latest phones do.

Its okay, it doesn't seem to want to totally shut down, and It freezes up sometimes.  Its okay I would never buy another one.

The phone was defective.  The 4G did not work, and the phone kept saying there was no SIM card.  I returned it after one day.

...but there are a few things to be aware of:1) Know Which Hardware Version You're Getting:If you're going to buy one of these, ask the seller which one they're selling to you. Essentially, there's a Chinese version and a Taiwanese version. The Taiwanese version has an inferior display, and generally isn't a good candidate for mod enthusiasts who want to 'root' their phone. Determining the type of Mytouch 4g in one's possession is as simple as looking behind the battery for the "made in _____" sticker.I noticed someone gave this phone a one-star review because they got the Taiwanese version and wound up disappointed. I wound up with the China-made version, and my experience has been quite the opposite--it's a wonderful phone.2) "Stock" vs Custom Firmware, Battery Life: For the common phone user, the stock software (the rom) on this phone is fairly solid. For android enthusiasts who like their custom ROMs (*cough*, Cyanogenmod, *ahem*), this phone is an absolute beast.From my experience, I've never had any issues with performance or stability with HTC's stock firmware (Android version 2.2 at the time). It is very responsive, and all of my 50+ favorite apps from the Android Market worked very well on it; however, I wasn't very impressed with the battery life (even without any of those 50+ apps installed). For whatever reason, it seems as though there was something slowly, consistently draining the battery--even while leaving it idle and unused.The official, updated 2.3 firmware from HTC supposedly addresses the battery issue, although I've never tested that for myself. After rooting my phone and installing the ever-popular Cyanogenmod firmware (7.10 / Gingerbread), I haven't looked back. The battery life has been incredible ever since. After tweaking a few things, I've been able to leave it on standby for a few days and still have a decent charge left, or use it pretty heavily throughout the day without the need to recharge it.3) My Usual Rant About Other Reviewers:This may or may not contribute to your impression about this phone, but I feel it's worth mentioning (as I usually do for my other product reviews) for the sake of doing justice for a product that gets 1/2-stared for silly reasons.* If you don't like big phones, then the MyTouch 4G probably isn't a good fit for you. Please don't buy a phone with a large display and then complain about its size. It's like buying an SUV and later complaining about the gas mileage or curb weight.* At the time of this writing, this is one of the very few phones with a front-facing camera to be had for under $[...] used. Realistically, most front-facing cameras on any gadget lack the fidelity & resolution of the device's main camera. Like every other phone, this one's front camera was meant for video chat--not professional photo shooting. If you expect more than that, please become familiar with this easy-to-remember formula when buying *anything* in general: "Features. Quality. Price. Pick two." All-in-all, this device is very well-rounded on all three accounts. Yes, of course it could have better [insert xyz] here. But for what I paid for it, it's one of the best phones out there for meeting all of my needs (good hardware specs, video chat, tons of custom roms available, wireless N, nice display, etc, etc.)* From my experience, the speaker quality and volume for this phone is about on par with the previous 4 Android devices I've owned. I don't expect to use the loudspeaker as a noise-maker at a football game, a personal home security alarm, or a replacement for my frequently-used car-horn in crazy traffic. For what it's worth, I can hear my wife/kids/boss/best-buddy/annoying telemarketer from across the room with this phone just fine.* I am reviewing this product in a product review section--completely separate from my experience with the seller I bought it from, and without consideration of the shoddy on-hold phone-based support that most companies provide these days (if they provide anything at all). Need I say more?

I selected this phone for its QWERTY slide out keyboard, not wanting to try to type on a touch screen. My original phone worked very well except that it occasionally went through battery life too fast. Eventually this behavior got worse and it developed a software problem as well. After troubleshooting with T-Mobile, they replaced the phone.The new phone had more hiccups. It would suddenly discharge the battery or use it much more quickly than expected. (full battery in morning, empty by 2 pm with no use other than to be on and sitting on the table.) It got bad enough that I called T-Mobile again. The phone demonstrated its battery problem and I was sent ANOTHER new phone (phone #3). BTW, it also would not hold custom settings...I would set a ring-tone for a particular contact; once the phone was turned off it would revert to default every time.The 3rd phone is the worst of the lot. I have had it for less than 2 weeks. It restarts itself moments after being turned on. It will not hold customized settings. It locks up on start up or suddenly goes dead even though it has plenty of battery life.This is a phone fresh from the box. I never downloaded anything, I never purchased customer ring tones. No new apps were put on this phone. It is exactly as it was when I received it.Now it has completely died and I have no cell phone backup since T-Mobile was VERY insistent the old one be sent back within 7 days or I would be charged full replacement price for the new phone. Heaven forbid I might try to cheat a cell provider out of a phone that was a give-away with a 2 year contract.I absolutely CANNOT recommend this phone. It has let me down at every turn. No more HTC for me.

I bought this handset for a friend after reading on the web a lot about how good is the device for an Android starter user. What can I say... My buddy is REALLY happy with it so I have no complains..

This is an complete mess i bought if any one want to buy i advice u find a diff seller so discourage with the seller. my iphone was ok than this phone i use it one month ago started giving big problem i dislike this phone meanly the seller Dyanmic wireless

The HTC Mytouch has just been amazing. It has so many apps and really easy to use. The,ordered item got in, in good time and tracking was provided.On this the jov well done! :)

Phone was not as it appears in the picture Ross Cellular but fulfilled by Amazon. It did not come with the extra's pictured and, get this, when we tried to activate it, we couldn't because T-Mobile has it locked as a STOLEN phone. Thats right, Ross Cellular is selling STOLEN phones and Amazon is helping them. Isn't there a law against fencing Stolen merchandise. Stay away from ROSS CELLULAR. I wonder if any of my other purchases from Amazon are really just stolen Merchandise?

My son bought his phone, and this is his own review of it: &#34;It is great. It has a great camera that is surprisingly powerful for the size of the phone. It is very easy to use and very user friendly. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants an Android. It is perfect size.&#34;

I am giving the seller a low rating due to slow shippment.  I ordered the phone in time to arrive for a busy weekend when I would need a reliable phone.  Unfortunately, the phone did not ship until after it was due to arrive.  The seller printed the printing label however did not drop the package off until after it was due to arrive, thus causing the phone to arrive a week after I needed it.  I will not order from this seller again.Regarding the phone:I have had this phone for about 2 weeks now and find it more than capable of handling my cellphone needs.  Let me be clear though, I am a modest cellphone user.  I primarily use the phone to take pictures, text, gchat, facebook, gps, online searches, and listen to music.  The phone is quite competent in addressing all of these needs.  This is my first android phone (I FINALLY upgraded from an old blackberry) however I have found the phone easy to navigate.  Furthermore, I am familiar with Apple products due to owning an iPad.  I did not feel the need to purchase the (in my opinion) over priced iPhone, and after having the HTC MyTouch 4g Android phone, I still stick to my original feelings.  This phone accomplishes all of the tasks that I would have wanted out of any phone, including an iPhone.The major con that I have so far is the moderately short battery life.  For typical every day tasks, I can go easily 24 hours without re-charging.  My typical every day tasks include: texting, listening to music, short conversations (maybe 1 or 2 30-minute convos), gchatting, internet browsing, social networking, and taking a few pictures.  However, I have noticed that if I take a long conversation, 3 hours or more, the phone typically needs to be recharged.  Also video streaming, understandably, tends to kill the battery fairly quickly.  I find the cons to be fairly moderate as I tend to keep a charger with me at all times.Overall I would recommend this phone to anyone using it for minimal to moderate use.  I cannot speak for this phone's abilities to stand up to high tech users as I am not one.

Works great for about a year, then gets painfully slow and crappy.  Battery life is dismal at best; always have a charger nearby.

They are a good salers but it doesnt work in latin america the 3g network, i did ask before to buy, and never reply back about the refound.

bought the phone so that we could use it for a work phone.  Email would not work, text messages do not work.  Wanted to return it, but the box got damaged in mailing and so could no be returned.Very disappointed that I spent all that money and now I have to try to sell it myself!But thanks for lesson, I know now that just cause it is unlocked it still might not work.  We all learn from our lessons.

great phone, reasonable price! ill buy another later on when I drop this one or drop it in the toilet lol

i like it, is wonderfull, i had my cellphone in 2 days. a was thinking because the last year i bougt another product for more than $200 and i never received but this time i like it and i am thankfully whith my provider.

I had my doubts as I had an at&t refurbished inspire and it was a dud from day one. mytouch is new works great not as many features but very dependable. I would buy another. have had close to 3 weeks and would be lost without mytouch

Phone had no service in my house and was very slow.  I was issued a refund, so that's good, but it was a little bit of a hassle to get everything squared away.

best product...camera is not good..but  rest features are good..big screen..1 gb internal memory..nice features..4g connection. ..long lasting battery..and many more features u can enjoy

I asked for HTC MyTouch 4G slide and I get the regular one, with a spot of water under the screen. I contact the seller and he has the nerve to tell me that I know that he didn't shipped like that. Dude!!! that is way I am returning the phone. Also, he charge me 15% because I returned the phone. The only thing that this guy has, is time to write long emails trying to convince you to keep the product. Wrong way to sell. He needs more SKILLS on costumer services. I am a regular costumer at AMAZON an other websites and never was treated like this guy treat people. I hope to get my money back asap. Watch out for his answer. LONG explanation, but never a good solution or nice way to treat clients. Please don't buy from this guy, here are more good companies and more respectful and great products!!!

this phone, just like my last My Touch reboots all the time, but I am not going to spend $600 for a new phone at T-mobile so I will keep this lousy phone till I dump T-Mobile

Okay, Like the title states this phone isn't all its said to be. It doesn't have the "Most Amazing Camera Yet" the iPhone 4S takes twice a better photo's i've owned both. Plus the battery life is horrible. The Keyboard is small and the touch screen is unresponsive in some places and the phone is only a few days old?? Although the screen is a perfect size but that's really all thats good about this phone other then it has 4G. DO NOT BUY IF YOU PLAN TO DO CONFERENCE CALLS!!!!!! It does allow you to have 3-way calls but it freezes and gets stuck if some calles in and you anwser it will hand up on the other and your phone i will continue to ring!! After this experience im taking my chances with the HTC Radar.

The phone was damaged I did not get the right phone  very bad shape no one should get a phone like that a phone like that should with theirowner

They did not mention at all that it was the older slide version of the phone and I was disappointed with my order!

I started using Android back when G1 first came out and have had my hands on many many phones since. I love this phone. I used to help create apps but got out of that, I wanted something relaxing and easy to use that was also fun to use which this does all of. The customization of MyTouch is why you'd even consider buying one in the first place, you can change the entire look of your phone in a matter of seconds which brings new life into it when you're starting to get sick of it.Live wallpaper means the background moves constantly which is cool for newer users (also a batter killer), the video chat can act as a mirror if you're vein like me or of course to chat with friends on Skype or whatever service you use. **Facebook** is embedded in this phone from the phone book to texts, if you use facebook - you'll absolutely love this phone. If you don't use facebook, it's seriously no big deal either way.It's really skinny, light, I've got more compliments on this phone than the Droid X or G2 which both have physical keyboards (I have to say, I miss physical keyboards... you really can type much faster with them).*Under the hood* This is where you want to pay attention because this is the part that really matters. The battery life is so-so, don't expect maricles but it's not bad. The processor is very fast, I have 62 apps, 7 screens of widgets and what not, the security app running, auto-updates and can still watch a youtube video when commuting without any lag which is very important because that means you can have a lot, do a lot, and not suffer for it. I've had this for a year, I also have tons of music on the SD card and about 2,400 pics.. again, no lag ever which this is the only phone to not lock up on me with that much running. Not to say other new phones aren't even faster than this phone, but any higher speeds is called redundant and any current app on the market doesn't need that much speed. When it comes to overclocking the CPU, I have no clue what you're talking about because that's a breach in my contract! I can say this is not a developer phone so if you're looking to make an app in the future, I highly recommend another phone like the G2 which excels at that sorta stuff. The skinny on video quality and pics is very normal for this price range, it's better than the vast majority of phones I see people with but there are better cameras for the same price..but then you dont get certain features this comes with.**2 of the Best Features from this phone** This is my opinion, the 2 best are customization which MyTouch phones are known for and what people dont think about when buying this is that it acts as an access point. If you don't know what that means, it means if you have your laptop at the beach and want to get online but dont want to connect any cords, all you have to do is turn the access point feature on with this phone then your laptop has internet! 4G speeds at least where I live are very similar to cable which is even more fantastic. I truly cant express how great this feature is and the success I've had with it while traveling, no need to use hotels internet or airports. It has security to it just like a router and can have multiple devices connected to it...any device with wifi actually. A lot of people dont get 4G or if they get it, it's not truly 4G so a quick way to find this out is look at a map on tmobile of your area, if it gets 4G.4G is FAST!!! Ok well here's the deal with 4g, It's faster than 3G which we all already know but did you know there still isn't an exact standard for 4G? Make sure you understand this so don't expect to get your first 4G phone then see it's not as fast as someones phone in Orlando (internet speed that is)Enjoy this phone, it's really nice, the price is really good, also I'd suggest you buy it from T-Mobile! Might make sense? If not, Amazon is really great with returns!**This is all based on a year using this phone and years of using Android, since it first came out. Read professional reviews, go to the T-Mobile website, actually see one in person before buying any phone in this price range and tinker with it for at least 5 minutes... you'll be happy you did!**

Phone arrived as a new UNLOCKED phone, in the MyTouch box with instruction booklet and all accesories. I bought this for my 14 yo who has been pretty good with her flip open phones for the past 3 yrs, never breaking or losing them. Inserted her sim card from her old phone, which it worked with fine (recieved a call within 3 mins, lol-just need to buy an sd card which i forgot about-she just cant take pics, etc until i get one- easy fix). This is her first touch screen phone (i had the same one for almost 2 yrs from amazon, USED and still works fine). But i like hers BETTER because it is new, all black and came with 1/2 charged battery, screen protector and white HTC/USB/outlet. Hopefully, it will continue to work fine. Figured it would be easy to use since she already knows (somewhat) how to use mine. The MyTouch phone takes great pics, videos, and has everything I need to be happy with a smartphone. For a $150 bucks, it's a great buy. Again, mines has a silver back cover and is white, and i bought used, so, yes, has multiple nicks but with a mini-turtle phone cover (i have red and black already and I bought purple and black for my daughter), it looks great. Should my phone eventually go on the fritz, i will buy one from this seller as new (my used one was through another seller). I'll update after about 6 mos to let everyone know how the phone is doing!

Love the phone, so easy to use and so many custom options. Keypad is a lil too flat for me or maybe im just not use to it. -(comming from the motorola cliq slide). Great phone for phtographers, camera is amazing with editing options and flash. Phone battery goes quick if you have live wall paper.

I LOVE this phone!  I'm so glad I purchased it here for the price I got it for.  I've had it for over a year now, and with all the drops it's been through (well now I have a good cover on it) it's still working with no problems.  I actually use this as a pre-paid phone, with the Tmobile pre-paid service.  I just turn on the wifi feature whenever I'm in an area where there is wifi.  So don't let the sales reps tell you otherwise.The only issues I had with this phone were 1) the weight, and 2) the storage space.- This phone was heavier than a lot of other phones I've used.  I'm sure it's the reason why it's such a quality phone, unlike other lightweight phones on the market that can break after just a few drops. However I did have to get used to holding it up for long periods of time--I'm used to it now.  You don't feel it at first, but after 15+ minutes of holding it, you begin to feel the weight of it in your hand and wrist.- I outgrew the storage space after just a few months.  So I invested in a 16GB mini sd card to replace the one that came with the phone.  Also, whenever I install new programs, I go into Settings &#62; Manage Applications, and I switch the storage location for each app from PHONE to SD CARD.Other than that, it's a fantastic phone.  I personally love the Android phone operating system (my previous phone was a 1st gen Tmobile G1 HTC Android phone)... and I love that I get the most updated Android operating system downloads when they are released... so it's like having a brand new phone... never gets outdated.  I'm heavy on social media so I love that I can switch back and forth between apps with ease.  The battery life is great (seems like all day when used minimally).  I take care of my battery by only charging my phone for 2-3 hrs at a time, and unplugging at night.  Despite all the hype about the iPhones that have recently been released, I still plan to keep the phone another year or so or for however long it lasts.

this item was purchased as a gift for my son and he has had no problems with it.  Works good.

I've bought it as new device and after 35 days of use the device begun turning on by itself means I was unable to turn it off so now it's sitting in my drawer and it's worthless just waste of money and timeNote: I've bought new Iphone 5 and believe me or nor not it's the best operating system out there to dateNo more android for me... sorry for this kind of review but it is what it is period!

This is a high quality phone with many features that are easy to use.Not too big, not too small.

Terrible phone, brand new and won't keep a charge. I replaced the battery and the back case wouldn't stay on. I thought I was getting the other MyTouch which is very reliable.

since i got this for a gift and mail it out of country, after my family member got it and open the box, there was a crack screen, she deicide to just keep it and use it due to  she don't want to go thru all the process of return back over to US and and wait for new one. this was a really bad gift.

The phone started giving troubles after precisely one and a half month of our purchase...too many issues:battery running out in 5-6 hrs...Changed my battery twice...issue still remains.....phone does'nt turn on after fully recharged..the shutting down screen comes up on its own..too often when I am using the phone...the screen goes blank/dark when I am trying to disconnect the call....I tried calling the seller..and they wud'nt take back the phone because one month of my purchase is over...and their representative over phone was very rude and behaved horribly..I will recommend never buy phone from them....their service is terrible.....the seller's name is Addicted to phones...I even asked if they could take a look at my phone and tell me whats wrong with it..he said..there's nothing to take a look as its past one month and they can do nothing about it.....Also called HTC..they said they can repair the phone but cannot replace it..another dissapointing service...Anyways I will send the phone for repair and see what they can do about it.....Very bad experience with the HTC My touch 4G phone of buying through Amazon seller..Next time I am going to buy it from a carrier and purchase insurance with it for sure....Thats what I'll recommend to others too.. Never buy unlocked phones through Amazon individual sellers..even if they sell it for a few bucks less than the others..u're sure inviting trouble.....in the long run...

The phone seems to handle most new Android apps without issue so the CPU is up-to-the-job. I like the slim design and relatively small size compared to most of today's phones. This price of the phone is relatively low compared to most of over-priced products many people seem willing to pay. It represents a good value in my opinion.

I have used many different types of phones before (Android / iOS / Symbian / RIM). Here is my take on the MyTouch 4G.Pros:-The back 5MP camera with LED flash was pretty decent. I liked the multiple types of video and photo effect that it offers.-Built-in Hotspot feature (requires data plan) that turns your phone into a wireless internet router.-Responsive touch screen and crisp 3.8" LCD display.-Multiple options for hands-free voice control-Internet surfing was smooth with its large screen-Texting was easier than other touch screen phones due its larger virtual keyboard size (compared to the IPhone) and offers Swype-Built-in / integrated GPS (I realized that you could run GPS apps like "Navigon" on the phone without needing a constant internet connection-- unlike others smart phones)Cons:-The phone feels bulky/heavy compared to other smart phones out there in the market.-The camera quality of the front facing camera was pretty "choppy" unlike the built in 5MP camera on the back. Don't expect great pictures or clear video conferencing with the front facing camera. I feel like the front facing camera was a "gimmick" to sell the phone-- do NOT buy this phone if this is an important feature to you.-Battery life was fair with moderate to heavy use, but should last you a whole day (averaged 4 hours with heavy data usage)-Speakers quality were poor and the ringer volume isn't as loud as other smart phones.Overall:This Android phone is overall great if you are looking for something with a crisp and large display at the cost of size and weight. It could just be me, but I initially had issues connecting to the internet with my data plan (this was however eventually resolved by calling T-Mobile's customer service). The internet speed with my data plan was faster than I expected, but I felt like it was draining the battery too fast. Loading applications were pretty snappy with its Qualcomm 1Ghz Snapdragon processor. Call quality was good, but it needs a better built-in speaker. Overall, I would recommend this phone--- it gets the job done as a smartphone in terms of calling, web browsing, and taking pictures-- but still has some of room for improvements.

Broke in 2 months, shame glass open, old inside new outside the worst think I did was to buy from those people, nothing against the phone My touch HTC, but the sellers.

Was actually more than I expected.A very good value.Am not disappointed!I would tell my friends to buy.

este telefono funciona muy bien con simple movil la velocidad 4G funciona perfeto.es lo mejor que e comprado y me llego en perfectas condiciones.

Its really nice phone... love to do video chat with my kids when I am at job... thank you so much

Very nice phone the only thing I don't like is the charger three time a day.. texting is a breeze

I like the phone but I don't like the battery because I just charge the battery and after 2 hours the battery is getting half already, I don't even use the phone yet.

I just got the phone Friday and I havent been able to put it down.  Love the stylish look and the light weight as well.  Its very easy to figure out as well. So far im in love lol

This is good product, It works fine for me. It very portable and easy to carry around. I would recommend it to my friends.

I like this phone so much that I ordered this one to replace another HTC MyTouch that cratered on me.  I read where some purchasers were not happy with the phone because they received the Taiwanese version instead of the Chinese.  I received the Taiwanese phone and it works just as well as my other phone which was made in China.  I have had no problems with it whatsover!

I was initially happy with this, but then it started having bugs after 2 months. First, it will NOT play netflix movies, and youtube takes a while to download or doesn't work. THen the speaker stopped, then the uploading of video I took to youtube stopped. What can I do???? I'm still using it but dissapointed with it.

The phone did not work well at all. I can not retrieve my voice mail. I am too busy to send it back.

We've had 3 of these phones in the family for 2+ years and loved it.  Then we added a fourth and although it has the same model number, it is a different phone. After researching this a bit on the net, we found that HTC makes these in both China and Taiwan.  The original 3 phones we got from t-mobile are the China models.  This last one we bought was an unlocked model and happens to be made in Taiwan. The China models are great, the Taiwan models are lousy - screen is dull, sound is bad, and in just 6 months the paint/finish in the back has started to peel.  Look under the battery to find place of manufacture.  I am very surprised that HTC would do this.  We wrote to Amazon to request a return authorization, Amazon promptly forwarded the request to the vendor, and the vendor comes back to say that the return period has expired!

I have gone through 4 phones and all have the same problem.  The person on the other end.....hello can't hear you...move the phone around or put it on speaker and they can hear you again.  Other than that, the phone is great.  Going back today to get another phone, stay away from HTC/

Although i didnt buy this item here i just want to make sure all the customers are aware of the QC issue in this phone. Basically there are two types of manufacturers for M4G - Taiwan and Chinese. The taiwan version mobile is having very bad screen means colors fade out when you change the viewing angle and the chinese version where the screen is brilliant. Also the chip used in this mobile is 50/50 chance of getting  bad one which will become a brick phone if you root it . I have bought this phone and now worried on how to return my Taiwan version phone. Please go for Atrix 4g (Iam not a fan/employee of motorola my friend has one atrix which is like a champ:) ) ..its the best phone you can get now :) Please browse xda forum/android central about M4G before buying this item.

The phone is great, if you get a working one.We have three of these in our family and like them a lot. The one I ordered from one of the vendors on Amazon had to be returned due to DoA WiFi. The vendor had offered to make it right. By that time I had already replaced the phone from another vendor.

I had this phone before but lost it so I bought a new one that was unlocked. It was indeed unlocked and I really enjoyed having this phone again.However, I discovered that this phone would not download certain apps. It also had issues with Google Maps and other essentials. Maybe I should have updated the version of Android on it. I wish this had not been an issue though.

Bought the new one as I love that I bought a year ago and it doesn't boot beyond My screen, have no idea what is wrong. I had no such issue with the first one.

This product has all i wanted in a smart phone and is working perfectly for the past 5 weeks i bought it. It is simple, portable and slim looking. The inbuilt technology is superb.

This product was purchased for a friend.  It would not hold a charge and did not work.  It was returned and my money has not been refunded.

When I has ordered the phone the merchant had said it was used with a few scratches. I was fine with that. What I did not know was the the front camera did not work ( wasn't that big of a deal, just wish I would of known.) and the phone got really hot if you used it more than 15 mins. It was just aggravating. I am not sure if that how the phone is normally or if I have to buy a new battery, which the merchant said there was a new battery in it already but I doubt that. Overall it's an ok phone as long as I use it in under 15 mins......

Bought a new one , but got something else not sue what exactly sent back., better luck next time i hope

Was intending to replace my unlocked iPhone with a mytouch 4g. I was not impressed. Android doesn't hold a candle to iOS. (my opinion)

Ross Cellular does an excellent job at taking care of customers' needs. After some adjustments, the product meets all expectations.

At first, this phone worked great. Everything worked like new.After a couple months, though, things just stopped working.**FACEBOOKThe phone tries to 'sync' all your accounts, but it makes doing ANYTHING near impossible, so I turned off the sync.It wasn't until later I realized without the sync, the integrated facebook for mytouch app wouldn't work.I had to go remove my account, and re-add it to get it to work.I like the 'friend stream' app on this phone, but you can't see pictures or videos.The facebook app is okay, but it's a little difficult to navigate.I just like to stick with using the internet browser for facebook.**CAMERAI must say, I LOVE taking pictures, and this phone is pretty good for that.The front facing camera is okay, but of course the rear facing has better megapixels so you get a more clear picture (and flash) that way.The phone itself actually has a dozen different options to edit your pictures.The videos, however, aren't as easy. I have the video set to 720p, so the picture is pretty good (in the light), but the sound is somewhat muffled and far away. Unless the sound is right next to the phone, or the sound is very loud, don't expect to hear much besides static.**OPERATING SYSTEMThis is my BIGGEST complaint. The operating system SUUUUUCKS!!!My phone is CONSTANTLY freezing...for no good reason.Every day, I have at least 2 apps that have to be forced closed because of my phone.If I go into manage applications, and force close apps I left open, it doesn't even make a difference.The screen goes black sometimes, like when I have an alarm set, and the alarm goes off, the screen comes up black and I can't snooze or dismiss, I have to press the lock button twice for the screen to come back. It's not just with alarms, though, it happens a lot.Sometimes, if I try to open an app, my phone will open something else, and I have to restart it to make it stop. You're probably thinking what does that mean? Well, let's say I try to open text messages. I press 'messages', and for some reason, my words with friends app pops up. I press the home button, and try again. This time, my email will pop up when I press messages. I press home and try again. This time my photo gallery pops up. I have no idea why this phone does that, but restarting it fixes the problem (for a little while anyway.)But the most infuriating thing about the phone is that it freezes. I will be on my text messages, with no apps open, and my phone will just freeze. The screen is up and visible, but I can't press anything on screen. I try the home button or the lock button, and still nothing. Sometimes, it will stay frozen for over 5 minutes, in which case I have to take the battery out to get it to respond to my touch. (lol...mytouch.)This happens at least once a day.You might be thinking 'well that phone is over a year old that's why it has so many problems.' WRONG!This is my second mytouch. I got my first one about 1 1/2 yrs ago, and the first one I had was having problems like this one. Silly me, I tried to reset the phone and erase all the data from it (I took out my SD card first), and once the phone turned back on, it was stuck on the 'mytouch' logo for over an hour. After trying to fix the phone using the T-mobile customer support, I sent the phone in. They said if there were water damage, they'd charge me for the new phone, but if not, they'd only charge like $5 for shipping. (of course there was no water damage, so I was happy to start over for $5!!)But my joy didn't last long, because my new phone (less than six months now) started having the same exact problems.**COMPLAINTS**I read some of the other reviews. Yes, this phone is a little big, but IT'S NOT bulky and it's not heavy, which I liked. I'm a woman, and I have small pockets, but my phone still fit in them, along with small pockets in my purse. The speakers on my phone work AMAZING...with playing videos, with music, and with calling (using regular phone calls or skype.) My alarms and ringtones were loud enough for me to hear over 100ft away (at home) so I don't understand that complaint. This phone is ONLY fast when you are on a good wifi connection or have 4G, though. If you are at some random store and can't connect to T-mobile's 4G and the store's signal isn't amazing, don't expect your phone to go very fast. However, I will say when I was in the middle of a small town, I was still able to download apps and surf the web, which was impressive. On the other hand, my calls are dropped all the time, but I've always had that problem with T-mobile, and it's nothing to do specifically with the phone.As for BATTERY life, this phone does pretty good. I am ALWAYS on the internet, taking pictures, calling or texting, or playing a game, but the battery holds up pretty well. I have to charge halfway through the day, but even when I don't, the phone will last about 8 hours straight until it dies. You can't expect INCREDIBLE results if you use it as much as I do, lol.In my experience, this phone is okay (for netflix movies/shows, internet, apps, pictures and music), but it's extremely frustrating and has a lot of problems that need to be fixed.I've addressed all the important issues that I can think of. If you don't care about your phone having issues like listed above, by all means, get this phone. If you are looking for a phone that won't just keep screwing up, keep looking...I will be getting a Samsung Galaxy 3 soon, and I'm hoping that since it's Samsung, it's going to be better quality, but we'll see.If you have any questions, ask me. :)I would have given this phone 1 star, but it has endured quite a bit of usage from me, so I can't say it's a COMPLETE waste.

Had this phone 51 days and half of the screen stopped working.  The phone still looked brand new, no water damage or other physical damage. HTC would not honor the warranty because it was not purchased directly from T-Mobile and was unlocked.  Quote to repair it was 230.00, more than I paid for it new.  Total waste of money!!!!

I did not buy the phone here but I wanted to share my opinion. I got this phone over the iPhone 4 because my sister saw online that it had way more capacity than an iPhone. I have one year with it now and I had to do fatory recet like 5 times because it was either that or I could not even make a phone call. My mom has one too, and sometimes it freazes for hours and she can't do nothing. Another time, I downloaded a ringtong to my mom's phone so I was calling her phone to make sure that it was right, I called like 20 times and her phone never got the calls, I restarted the phone twice and nothing. Don't waste your money, well if want to change your phone every two months, you can do buy it.

loved it. ( in past)

I ordered a used phone and it arrive practically brand new. Thank you so much for telling me before i bought it that it was in great shape, it arrived quickly as well.

I bought this phone in January of 2012 it is now July 2012 and the phone software has locked making the phone useless. So now the phone no longer works pass the intro screen. It hasn't been a year and I am out of a phone. No one can help me apparently its a defect in the phone and others have had the same problems with this phone. This phone is a dud and shouldn't be sold anymore! DO NOT PURCHASE!

Beware of HTC - and Amazon 3rd Party Vendors.Pure garbage. I bought this along with an Otter Box from Amazon at the same time. The phone was well-protected and seldom used.  It didn't matter. Although it was never dropped, exposed to moisture or anything else, it went completely Dead within two months of use. Here's where it gets interesting.HTC said at first said they'd honor the warranty, no problem. That is, until they told me although I purchased it from Amazon, since it was a 3rd Party Vendor. they had no responsibility - nor duty to replace my phone and therefore I was essentially screwed.Sorry Amazon, you've been as worthless as HTC when it comes to resolving this.Lesson learned. No more HTC Phones ever. Amazon, you're better than this.

while its a great phone,just thought it was a little bigger. i would have rather a little more size,but love it anyway

Excellent product, is a great fit. The color is not too bright, and protects the phone and not too bulky to fit in your pocket.

Very good ,good , don't be afraid to buy. Have had mine since they were introduced, mine is Chinese hate to say it , being a union worker I believe we should buy american, but as u know its impossible with electronics.

After reading reviews, I'm afraid I have a Taiwanese version, which SUCKS. The battery has died within 18mo. (bought 2 at once. both went w/ in 6 weeks of each other). Also, the reception BLOWS. And it's prone to crashing. And swype is cool, but a MUTE BUTTON WOULD BE GREAT! idiots.I'll implement the power saving ideas posted above by smarter people: but still- this is wack. I'm not a geek . I just want a phone that gets on the hyped 4G network w/o repeated "settings" adjustments to "hot spot". I don't even want to watch videos, just check my email, make some calls & find a place for lunch on Yelp. Does it have to be this hard???

Great phone. I like it better than the crappy motorola phone I was using. Switched the phone over quite easily.

i love it , great price, easy to use, not too large or small, i would tell my friends about it.

Don't believe what I received was actually a MyTouch 4g (I've owned two previously); Returned.

I really like the look, feel, weight of  the phone. It is convenient and very durable. They phone's price was pretty good too. They only problem: I have been having glitches with phone. The phone will automatically shut off at random times, it freezes and I have to completely take the battery out to reset it. Also, my service drops randomly.

I ordered my first one less than a year ago. Everything worked fine, it just got dropped a few too many times. This time I ordered one and a protective case, first week and there is already MANY problems and it has yet to be dropped. GPS already stopped working, struggles to hold service, buttons freeze ect. NOT buying another one, end of story

The seller rated this phone in good condition.  This phone wasn't even close to good condition.  After checking with several people about this to verify my point of view, everyone said the seller was misleading in the description.  The screen was ok, but everything else was very scratched up or dented.  Frankly it looked as if it was dragged on the ground.  The buttons on the phone are hard to operate and stick down.  It also came 2 days late which may or may not have been their fault.

I am very surprised at the MT4G for it's ease of using, understanding and its performance. I have no complaints so far except for the nuisance of carriers loading up these phones with bloatware that eats up RAM in the background...so sad. It comes with 768mb, but user losed 150mb due to this act by carriers. Rooting does the trick and carriers will not help with that process because they just want the user to purchase their gimmicks...nice phone, though...hats off to HTC and not the carriers!

The phone came brand new with all the accessories! It really came fast and im so happy with my phone!

I got this phone about a year ago and had loved it! I had a few minor problems that I was able to resolve, but recently this phone has been nothing but a big problem! I don't use very many apps on it nor has it been damaged in any way. I've had to do 2 factory resets on the device recently. It has repeatedly crashed on me in the middle of doing something simple like a text message, it has significant lag time in doing anything, and now there is zero sound from the speaker! It doesn't play sound from a video, a call, a notification, an alarm, nothing! All it does is vibrate. My cell carrier is replacing it for me, fortunately, but I was surprised that these are not available as the exchange piece. I had to get an upgraded phone. That says to me that they know this phone has issues! I know phones don't last forever, but it should at least last for a year!

I already recommend this products to three friends of mine and they bought it.It's an excellent Smart phone, nothing to envy to an iPhone.

I upgraded from a MyTouch 3g SLide and I am so pleased that I did. Everything about it is better and cooler, you just have to get used to the onscreen keyboard if you were used to the keyboard of the 3g slide. The battery life still isn't that great, but better than my slide was.It has many more awesome features and all the same great features a Mytouch is known for. I highly recommend this phone, particularly for those who have a previous mytouch phone and want to upgrade.

received dead battery was promised a new battery never received it, I kept the phone because I needed one at the time and finances dictated such.

I bought this phone to replace a galaxy s 4g. And it was worth the price i paid for(a little over but duable) works 10 times better, faster and more memory.

Hardware: Very good build quality and feels nice in hand.\Software: The stock ROM is pathetic, install MIUI or Cyanogen mod or sense mod rom, the device gets awesome

I like it,great material with affordable cost! it is good phone with super high connectivity power! supports adobe flash and reader. Great job!

I'm very happy with this smart phone. Since receiving it I have rooted it and unlocked endless option. Much more suited to my taste than my previous Nokia 710 WP7 phone.

I am now 100 percent loyal to the HTC brand best phone ever. it has more features than it listed in the description and that is a win in my book

Not bad, just have to keep it on an angle when charging and have to turn the screen on and off due to freezing

this phone is ok but every Bluetooth you try to put on it don't work so it's  not being  use @ this time because you have to have a  blue tooth on to drive and I cant find one that works with it.

Wasn't worth my money, worst phone i've ever bought, it had a huge dent in the back where the battery goes, and it keeps losing service constantly.

The description says it is an unlocked cell phone, but as soon as you try to use any sim card that is not from t-mobile, cell phone shows a message "Network locked", "Please contact Customer Care". I tryied to reach WorldWide Distributors twice, but until now, I got no answer.

Bought this for my daughter cause she &#34;lost&#34; her phone AGAIN. When these first came out they were quite expensive. Now that they are considered older phones, I decided to get her one. Bought these when they first came out and love them. Fast connection and we'll made phone. Lots of storage.

I ordered this product because my phone got stolen and when the new phone arrived, there was no 8G sd card nor hands free headset as advertised by the detailed description. When I called Amazon, they said all I could do was return the item. Shame on Platinum Galaxy for poor quality control.

I got the best service, I love this phone. Everything works perfectly.. Their customer service is valid.... I loveMy family is now buying their phone from this companu

I ordered it for my cousin who came to visit me but when he got it the battery didn't work so the phone which is great btw turns off out of no where and doesn't charge plus I couldn't even return it since my cousin had to leave

I test drove several phones in the span of one month trying to find the right one. Sadly, I don't think it's out there (not an iPhone fan). This phone is nice. Big screen, 4G, user friendly. Unfortunately, you almost always have to have it plugged in. Battery sucks. Better prepare yourself for a car charger, an extended battery pack or an extra power cord for work.

it's easy use and good price and better then iphone i think. my friend takes htc one. i'll like get one max.  .

This is the worst phone I've ever owned.  I constantly have to fight with it.  My son had to reprogram it so that it wouldn't suck the battery in less than a day when I hardly used it.  The camera sucks and it is pure hell to get the photos off of the phone.  The only way I have been able to do it is to link my email address and email them to myself....one or two at a time.  WHAT A PITA!!!  Then, sometimes the network will fail and it won't send the email so I have to uninstall my email and reinstall it.  Oh and then there is the screen blackout issue.  I call voicemail and have to re-save the first 9 messages before I can get to the new message and the phone screen blacks out.  I have to keep tilting the phone and pecking at it like an idiot to try and hit the right button to save the message before the screen goes black.  Drives me insane.  Then, there is the issue with the phantom text messages.  I'll send someone a text and a few minutes later I'll hear the alert that I have a new text.  I pick up the screen and there is a "view" button.  I push the button, but then I have to slide my finger across the screen to open and then I go to the text message screen and there is no new texts.  Several times I have to re-text the person I sent a text asking them if they responded and they say they didn't.  Meanwhile, I feel stupid aksing if they responded to my text.  I hate this phone and I think I still have another year to pay on it.

This phone turned out to very weird.It worked for few days and then suddenly battery start lasting for 15-20 mins talktime. Sometimes it conks off suddenly and it takes hours before it comes up again !!!!!!!

Phone was also defective, sd card, sim card battery....none of it worked right.  Got a full refund though so that's good.

This phone worked great right out of the box, but when I plugged it in to charge, it went dead and has remained completely unresponsive. I am so disappointed.

This phone is awesome!! It can do it all,I would recommend this phone to anybody that wants a cool phone,but that is reasonably priced,it the best!!!!:-)

There are so many phones to choose from in the society we live in now, we are always keeping up with the Benjamin's, but seem to never have the newest technology even when we have the newest technology. Out of all the smart phones that are available on the market right now, the MyTouch 4G by HTC is a great phone to have if you love to keep up with all of your social networks, and take pictures, or are a business man always needing to check your email.The MyTouch is a very straightforward phone, all of the buttons tell you exactly what you are about to press and are easy navigation. Even though the phone is touch screen, it provides push buttons that let you go: home, back to previous, menu options and easy touch guide. The home button is where all of your main applications are; for example, text messages, Facebook, phone calls, etc., it is where everything is in front of you all at once. Menu option, is the spot where you can find your settings, wallpaper, and edits to your phone.  Everything on your phone is in the palm of your hand at the touch of a button.If you are someone who likes to capture every moment with your camera or video, this phone is perfect. The MyTouch 4G has a great quality camera on the back, and then a front camera for up close pictures; once the picture is taken it instantly shows on the screen for your viewing with no wait time. The camera settings also come with zoom, brightness and contrast, and lots of cool effects like: distortion, greyscale, sepia and many more. It takes it to the next level with being able to video chat with your friends via camera. The storage space for your pictures and videos is close to unlimited; taking pictures is not a problem for this phone because it will keep every moment until you want them to be deleted.Since this phone is one of the recent smart phones it has many new features and applications and many ways to personalize it your way at a reasonable price. It has a mobile store that lets you buy apps for a low price or get some for free; they range from Facebook to keeping up with the stock market. It can keep anyone entertained from little kids playing Angry Birds on their parent's phone to teenagers being bored in class and posting pictures on Instagram. A few of its many features include ways to talk-a-text and blue tooth. Being able to talk-a-text and Bluetooth are very useful when driving so you can use your phone hands free and keep focused on the road. MyTouch is specifically named that to make it "yours", the personalization features range from picking the color of your fonts to being able to have a lock background picture and a main page background picture. If you want to compare the price of the MyTouch 4G to the other top selling smart phones, like the iPhone 4s, the MyTouch beats it out hands down. You can buy the MyTouch for $350 at the T-Mobile store; it comes complete with a charger, phone holder, earphones, and car charger, with a warranty that you decide how long. The iPhone 4s is priced at $600 and comes with a charger, the better deal is obvious.There are only two flaws of the phone that people should be aware of, battery life and reception. Once the phone has been used for a while (have had it for two month plus) the battery life begins to get shorter and shorter. It is good to let the phone die once in a while to let it recharge itself, but if you are on-the-go constantly and don't have time to let it die or have it charging all the time, halfway through the day you will see that the battery has withered away and you didn't even realize. Since the MyTouch 4G is only covered and made for T-Mobile, the cell phone reception is not very good. You can be walking and have perfect service, then out of nowhere your call will drop, which can be frustrating and make you want to throw your phone.I would recommend the MyTouch 4G by HTC to anyone who is looking for a small, compact, smart phone with a lot of applications and fun aspects that come with the phone ,while still being able to stay up with your friends and keep you occupied while you are bored. You will want this phone next to you at all times!

It came right on time. It is pretty scratched up but nothing you can't hide under a case. It works fine.

Touch screen not working. This phone was delivered June 11, 2013 not working September 17, 2013. Bought original cell from Tmobile 2 years ago. Broke screen and needed replacement charge port. Decided to buy new one...bad idea. Today, I had to go back to the old one...atleast....the screen worked.

I'm generally pleased with the phone. It works as it should, performs fast, and has given me very few problems.the negatives:1. App orginization is extremely flawed. there is only a &#34;show all apps&#34; mode, whereas my previous INSPIRE at least seperated my downloads into there own section. Not a problem if your download an app or launcher alternative, but shouldn't this be a standard feature?2. I have had a few moments where the 4G will randomly turn on for a few minutes. TMobile tried to help me, and told me to switich to the GSM only mode, but it has happened a few more times, only at 2G speeds.This isn't a major problem, but as I have the $2 a day plan, this has lead to me having to pay for days I haven't even used my phone.

First off, I've been using iPhone 3G for about 3 years and still love it despite the short battery life and surprisingsly still works just fine after everyday usage.  Since I've heard so much good things about Google operating system I wanted to buy another phone and try it out. I first bought Motorola XT720 with Android 2.1 but realized that the SD memory with over 7gb couldn't be used when downloading apps from Google market!? So I ran out of memory after using up only few thousand megabytes of the phone memory.  There were other flaws such as not being able to create Yahoo email accounts for quick viewing of all the email accounts with out loging in and loging out with each email. Whereas iPhone you can have Gmails and Yahoo mails accounts and I have over 15 email accounts in which you can see it all at once.  I returned the Motorola and got my Mytouch 4g just two days ago and so far I'm loving it!  I say so far because who knows what will pop up after playing with it for awhile like I did with the Motorola.  Anyway, I checked the user reviews for this phone prior to purchasing and that the consensus was that it is a good phone but has couple of complaints such as speaker volume.  Sure enough, after trying it out, the speaker is really poor compared to the Motorola I had. The Motorola had dual speakers and this Mytouch only has one so when you're in a semi-loud environment you really can't hear too well even the volume is up all the way. Another complaint was the face to face video calling but I haven't used it yet and I'm not that much concern about it since not too many people have that capability on their phones so I don't need that feature at this time.  Otherwise, everthing else seems to work just fine.  I love the camera with flash and the video recording comes with flash light so you can record in the dark! I will continue to update if I see anything else I need to mention as I get used to using this phone more.Edit: December 13th, 2010I've been using this phone now for little less than a month and I'm changing my opinion from loving it to just liking it.  The things I really like about this phone so far are that what I mentioned before, camera and apps from Google.  Also, this phone does allow you to create more than one email accounts from both Yahoo and Gmails.  So I'm able to see it all at once since I have over 15 email accounts. It is, however, not as good as my iPhone 3G.  It seems to be much slower in retrieveing all the emails compared to my iphone and it's not clear cut looking either.  Ok here's the one MAJOR reason that I had to drop the star rating from 4 to 3 stars on this phone, and that is the battery life is ridiculously WEAK!  I thought my iPhone 3g was weak but it still isn't that bad compared to Mytouch 4G!  It is a pet-peeve of mine with a weak battery life on any phones, the CNET review says 4 to 5 hours of talking time but I really didn't even come close to using it that much.  I tried using the battery saver apps such as killer apps and juice saver apps but none helped at all!  I barely use it for no more than an hour of talking then did some internet surfing for couple of hours and my battery had drained more than 40%???  This is after fully charged!  So now I have to charge this phone about twice a day if not more!  I don't know if it's the battery that might be defected or not but it's a brand new phone and battery and I'm not about to go and spend another $40 for a new battery to see if it's defected or not.  Another flaw detection is that when I am sending some old photos from my laptop to my emails so that I could downloaded to this phone's gallery but it wouldn't do it???!!! I never thought this would be an issue?  This phone doesn't have a selection of which to download into the gallery format!  So the photos are just stuck there in the format under the email I sent and if I need to view it, I have to open that email and view it from there.  This is a major problem for me.  I will keep this phone and will be purchasing iPhone 5G when it comes out next year.Edit: 12/18/10Previously I complained that there was no selection in downloading the pictures from the email to the gallery on the phone and that is still true.  However, about couple of days later I found that the photos were there in the gallery??!!  It took about few days before it actually got into the gallery?  There obviously is some sort of delay effect.  I'm happy that it did get to be downloaded into the gallery but it's annoying still to think that it took so long for it to do it.  Strange.  This is definitely a bug with this phone.

I returned one of the two that I ordered because it was damaged.  The second phone we kept has a sound feedback when using the speaker phone.  I originally purchased the same phone from T-Mobile and fell in love with it.  I was expecting the same quality from this phone also.

Bought this for my bf, his 3G MyTouch slide was messing up and he was very stubborn about buying a phone so I went ahead and ordered this one. Although I ordered the wrong one (wanted the sliding 4G one) he still fell in love with this phone. No scratches or anything and was in perfect condition. Still works to this day with a couple of drops and scratches but nonetheless a good phone. Very fast and a good upgrade from the previous generation of MyTouch 3G.

OK, so the battery life on this phone is weak if u let it run full blast, with all options etc... enabled, here is what you do: Download SetCPU from the market, now, set the scaling to CONSERVATIVE. Now your phone will not jump wildly from 245-1024 MHz at the slightest processor activity. Experiment with the profiles, you can lower the CPU while the screen is off for instance, i have mine set to 368 MHz whenever the screen is off, and set the priority high. This phone is AWESOME if you have it unlocked/rooted, its functionality and capability are opened wide up for you, just look up the forums on xdadevelopers.c0M THis phone has all the great features mentioned above yada yada, blazing fast in my opinion even having owned an iPhone, this phone opens and page FULLY first before the iPhone does, the iphone loads the 'window" faster, but the My Touch finishes loading FIRST&lt; ALWAYS  ON EVERYTHING. MY phone has been off the charger now for 17 and a half hours i browsed the net for 20 min, made some phone calls, took some videos and pictures, download some apps, played need for speed shift 20 min. My phone is at 59% after light to moderate use, almost 18 hrs later its not even half battery yet. Now on a HEAVY USE day, i can go all day before having to put it on the charger in the late evening. Hope this review helps someone with their battery.

No good so called &#34;New&#34; phone. I got this so called &#34;New&#34; phone &#34;used&#34; and power button broke after 2 weeks. I like this Mytouch but it came from unworthy seller !!!!

This purchase was a total disaster, this phone was listed as new, for the first few days it worked well, then it would not cnnect to wifi, and then it just wouldn,t power up.ThanksAngelo

good

I like the phone itself still currently using it, but i'm having some problems with it. First the visual voicemail doesn't work, i still get alerts but can't check them and about a month ago the screen went staticky without reason for about two days. other than that i do like the phone.

When I got the phone there were so many time when I did not get a signal!  When this happened I checked the other 2 cell phones in the house and I found out that I am the only one who doesn't have signal!After 30 days the internal microphone start giving me troubles when I use the phone before it stop completely.  I decided to send the phone to a repair shop. I explained to them that I bought this phone recently as a brand new phone and I am not happy with the phone due to the bad signal and the recent issue with the internal microphone. The technician offered to look at it while I was there. The technician advised me to return the cellphone to the seller since it was not a brand new phone, it was a refurbished phone with a cheap battery that requires over 6 hours to recharge it.I emailed the seller and they were nice, but I had to pay for the shipping even though they misled me with what they advertised on Amazon. It has been over 2 weeks and I haven't received my phone back. Unfortunately I am not sure if the replacement phone that they are going to send is going to be the same phone or something that would meet my expectations.From my experience I am not going to buy a cell phone online any more. I am going to pay more money for less headache.My advice to Amazon is that they should maintain their reputation as a trusted Website to shop online. The dealers who advertise their merchandise through Amazon should specify if it's a brand new product or refurbished.At the end I received cheap refurbished phone doesn't have the 4G function, I was fooled ... mislead... scammed... but I wonder where Amazon customer quality service is? From this

This was my old phone, I had it for about 2 or 3 years and it lasted me quite well. The graphics were good, the built in speakers were nice. And it had some very cool features like video calling and faves. Overall this was a very nice phone. But I would really only recommend this phone to someone who needs a smartphone, because otherwise you are just paying extra for things you don't need.

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend as a Christmas present. It arrived a few days before Christmas, so I opened it to make sure everything was there and to charge the battery. I wrapped the box and put it under the tree. When she opened it on Christmas Eve, we installed her sim card and started personalizing it with pictures and ringtones blue-toothed from her old phone. About 2 hours into the customization, I discovered that the phone wouldn't recognize voice inputs as it did when we first turned it on. I figured it was just some issue with the phone's settings that we could fix by reading more into the owner's manual. The next day, my girlfriend tried to make a couple of calls and, each time, the person on the other end could hear nothing. I began reading more reviews on this particular phone and discovered there were dozens of negative reviews pertaining to this exact problem. Had I read further beforehand, this phone would have never been under our tree. I'll never again purchase anything made by HTC.

This phone works really well when it works. Sometimes the buttons on the bottom decide not to work, sometimes the screen goes dim and won't light up no matter what buttons you hit. You just have to wait a minute for it to decide to light up again.Other than that it's great. It has loud in-call volume, great speaker. I love the light on the front to tell you when you have notifications.  Camera is pretty good.

upon arrival it seemed ok, than when I went to put the case in I noticed the screen was lifting a bit and the middle button seemed lose as well.  I am quite dissatisfied and embarrassed as this was a gift to a friend who loves the "My touch" phones and HTC. I was trying to help them to see you can buy reliable electronics, phones etc from amazon and that the settlers can be trusted.  But it looks like I didn't make too great of a purchase this time around.

I bought 3 of these HTC 4g my touch phones which were advertised as new. Unfortunately the phone which became mine started not to work after only about 6 weeks. Then the second phone started not to work after only about 3 months. I decided to take the phones into a local repair shop to see what could be done. He immediately informed me that these phones had been previously exposed to water which was identifiable by a "red" color changing marker inside the phone. He also immediately noticed that the phones had after market parts including the battery. Then he opened up the phone to discover wires cut, new wires soldered in all over the place, parts missing, and by passes etc... He said the phones were ridiculously used and he refused to repair them or have anything to do with them. He showed me the inside of my phones compared with a new model. Obviously I was scammed. I had him go ahead and open up my husband's phone which was bought at the same time but so far was currently still working and his also was horribly rigged inside. The repair man said he had never seen phones in such bad condition on the inside, he was surprised they even worked at all. On the outside they looked new. Of course it's past the return/refund date so I won't get reimbursed but I at least can leave this review to warn others. I looked extensively through the reviewers comments and at the time of purchase no one said anything about used phones being passed off as new. Buyer beware!! This item was purchased through Amazon and I am going to contact my credit card company to see if anything can be done from their end. I did read from the reviews that the phones from Taiwan were not good and I was hoping I would not get one, and of course all 3 came marked made in Taiwan. Whether or not the scam was done there or not I'm not sure.

I can't say enough bad things about this phone. When I first ordered it, the wrong phone came in. Reordered it, same thing happened. Finally got the phone on the 3rd try, which was anything but a charm.It's not user-friendly when it comes to adding new contacts and it automatically imports your fb contacts so if you ever delete your fb, they're gone.The power button will sporadically stop working so if the phone completely dies, it takes FOREVER to turn it back on.3 days ago, the home screen started saying "limited service" and... lucky me... it reset itself so I lost all my contacts and messages.Thank goodness I was offered a refund, but I've only had the phone 5 months. Never dropped it, etc...Do NOT get this phone. It doesn't last and it's a hassle. Only good thing I can say about it is that it has the video game Tetris on it.

The HTC began having issues immediately!  The camera will not focus and the battery overheats.  I have tried all the manufacturer suggestions to increase battery life and closed all applications, with the same result, about two hours of battery life on a full charge.  The camera reset and even a new camera application did not fix the problem.

I has the same new phone 3 years ago. this phone has diff box, not org battery. and its sofeware is not stable. it always start a app by itself.

This is a replacement phone for another Mytouch 4g that I had for about a year which worked fine.  Unfortunately, the camera function on this phone is not working.  Neither the camera nor camcorder give an image, only a black screen.  I've tried a full factory reset with no change.EDIT***  Camera did not work out for me, but seller was quick to respond to issue and gave a prompt refund when I returned the phone.
