
One of my best purchase so far, Atrix surprised me with strong construction, confirmed by my friends who owns other brands smart phones. Powerful, can run most of the applications without lags, amazing video card Nvidia Tegra, runs Need for Speed Shift like in a desktop machine. High resolution display with good colors, cannot compete with Super Amoled, but is a very bright and clear LCD display. Battery is very durable for the "machine", usually takes 1.5 day even using some GPS, Internet Wi-fi, Game and kind of other Android usual tasks. Camera is quite good, 720p videos plays very nice in my 50" plasma screen. Pictures are good and clear, when there is enough light to take them. Led flash is weak and produce no good results.Disadvantage: In my opinion, the main problem is the heating, after using it to browse internet, or see video, or play games for sometime it becomes hot. It bothers me a little bit, but I don't consider it a so relevant problem.

i got the phone late and it was defected so i had to go and fix it myself.im not satisfied of the seller , there was no headphones ,USB cable and the battery was worse than it said.

very good product at a great price recommend to any one my friends love the phone, it came new and was beautiful

I disappointed the phone accepts any sim from any carrier asks me to insert the network unlock code sim. I have no idea what that means. Battery I received with the phone is not original and it is not the first team to acquire hereby received no HDMI cable. my dissatisfaction with the product purchased is complete. I leave this matter in the hands of the Lord. god bless

I am a bit disatisfy because when i got the phone it was sort of used so I had to master reset it so i could have used it.

This was the best phone when I bought it. I'm still using it after 2 years and it works fine. It's still better than most new phones. It has a 1 Ghz dual core processor with 1Gb of RAM and 16 of internal memory. It also has a fingerprint reader which I cannot live without. It is so easy and fast to unlock the phone by just sliding your finger on the same button you use to turn it on. Much better than using a PIN or password. I can even do it while driving without looking at the phone. The only problem with the phone is that there are no good upgrades to ICS and JB. I installed CyanogenMod 10.1 but it didn't have a driver for the fingerprint scanner, so I had to go back to 7.2 (Gingerbread 2.3.7) just to get it back. I'm not changing my phone until I can get a better unlocking procedure than a PIN or password. Maybe the Moto X with the NFC tags and voice recognition will work. I bought a Galaxy S4 for my daughter but it is too big for me. I want a phone not a phablet.

I would never get another motorola product. Got the ATRIX 4G last year and was promised an upgrade to ICECREAM. A month before the upgrade was due Motorola quietly dropped support of the phone.

After extensive internet research, to find a smartphone that would work on AT&T; network, I chose the Motorola Atrix MB860 4G Unlocked Dual Core Phone with Android.This phone is easy to use, the screen is bright and the phone is easy to hold one-handed, if you have small hands like I do.  Android marketplace and Amazon have free apps you can download on your phone.  Phone calls are loud and clear, with no distortion when using speakerphone.  Using this phone with Wifi is also fast. However, the only minus I have with this phone, is the fact that Motorola will not upgrade this phone to Android 4.0. Otherwise, I love this phone.

I absolutly recommend it. A great price for a great phone! You don't need anything more! I don't have any thing to say against it!

was very dispointed in quality of phone wifi does not work at all says error finger print scanner does not work and now it will not charge... really like this phone just not how i got .should of been no problems for a site rated 5 stars...phone was not new like they said it was

Everything went as expected. The phone is working very good, it came with all the pieces as the shop said.

I purchased this to replace an Atrix that got stolen from my home in a burglary. Love the Atrix, it was my first android after jumping from Blackberry. Has a finger print scanner that works great. I don't even know why other phones don't come with that except the recent iphone. This phone was one of AT&T's  flagship 4G phones (years ago now). One of the first with a huge processor. Still keeps up with most the android devices out now and is only the size of an iphone. I have moved on to bigger better faster and this is my 4 year old's phone now. Loaded with more games and pictures than you can imagine and it is barely slow. I can't remember off hand what the on board memory is, something like 10 or 12 gb and it accepts a 32gb card. They kinda eat battery power but the batteries are so dirt cheap I have like four of them. Oh, ya, that is a plus it has a removable battery. If any of these are still out there buy one as your back up!

Ok

I purchased this phone refurbished at the end of 2011, and I just purchased another. It was my first smart phone, but being a computer-savvy person I had no problem figuring out the interface. I have seen quite a few reviews stating that you have to use the Motorola or AT&T; branded apps, which is absolutely not the case. You simply must change your settings to allow third-party software.PROs:-This phone is FAST. Startup takes about 20-25 seconds, but once it is up programs open very quickly and it multitasks well. I am frequently downloading, web surfing, playing Words, and answering emails/texts all at the same time with no perceptible slowdown.-The Android OS gives you the freedom to do pretty much whatever you want. I often find myself explaining to incredulous iPhone users some of the things I can do (...I just plug the USB into my car stereo and it charges while playing music from the SD card...I connect my phone to my TV through USB and watch home movies or view pics straight from the SD card...etc). In addition, mt fiance has a Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. It is a gorgeous phone, but it still can't do many of the things the Atrix can do.CONs:-The screen is not as sharp as the iPhone or the Samsung Galaxy S2 (which really is breathtaking). It gets the job done and responds well, but just doesn't pop.-Battery life. I get about 5 hours. As a disclaimer, I constantly have multiple apps running. If you don't do as much as I do, you will get much longer life. I tried turning off wifi and GPS, and it nearly doubles the battery life.-Motorola docks. I have a car dock and an HD dock. The hookup is awkward and takes some getting used to. Also, there is a docking screen that automatically pops up, and you can't disable it. It is a minor complaint, but it is nevertheless annoying.In all, if you are a believer in form following function, this is for you. I would choose processing power and cross-platform multifunctionality over screen brightness every day of the week and twice on Sundays. If you are an iPhone user and don't mind exploring an OS, you will be blown away by the things you can do with Android on a powerful piece of equipment.

The product you brought me doesn't work! You sent me probably a refurbished item. I bought a new one and i feel like a fool and not satisfied with this purchase. I'm still waiting for the solution you promise me by mail on may 24th.The item you sold me had a damage on the screen. Its my first purchase for you. It's  the worst purchase experience i had!

I bought this for my daughter.  She had it only a few months and it stopped working. She lives out of town, so she traded it for a different phone that works fine.

Exelente tel&eacute;fono, precio prestaciones. Buen tama&ntilde;o, rendimiento, resoluci&oacute;n y ergonom&iacute;a. Una buena alternativa si quiere un tel&eacute;fono actual a buen precio.

Great dual-core Cell Phone with tremendous image and performance. non-thelese its failure is the fingerprint sensor, that just work for the first 24 or 48 hours and then stops working, actually it didn't recognize that a finger is in position.

This smartphone is an excellent alternative to Samsung Galaxy S II.Its Android version upgrades to 2.3.4 without using wires.The fingerprint reader works great. I recommend it.

The ad said new and the phone was refurbished.  I never said anything because of the price, but when my phone went dead after 3 months, I decided to complain.  Their customer service was very nice and they sent me a return label immediately.  I sent in back right away.  But it still took 2 weeks to get my new phone.  I suspect originally they were dealing with a fulfillment center that fulfilled it with refurbished phones and that it took them time to find me a brand new phone which they did finally send.  I would reccomend doing business with this company since they did prove to have integrity and corrected their mistakes.  In addition, the phone was at least $40 cheaper than anywhere else.

We bought these phones so that we could break free from contract phones with verizon and switch to Straight Talk. We got these phones in the mail and my initial thought was that they looked and functioned great and came with an awesome bundle of accessories.Within the first few days we noticed my wife's phone would die within a few minutes and we tried a new battery with no luck.Data would be unavailable randomlySound only works if you squeeze the phone just rightAutomatic restarts randomlyBattery is unable to chargeWe tried to warranty the phones but it turns out they were made for Hong Kong and these people just buy overseas phones and resell them here.

Had the iphone...software issues/junk. This phone is dual-core and NOT a toy. Very functional with the best pix/video feature. Forget the fad, get a REAL phone!

I wanted to upgrade my Motorola Bravo (purchased through Consumer Cellular) to an Atrix 4G, but no one would confirm that it was fully functional on thier network...with the ability to use their data network being at issue.  Consumer Cellular doesn't require a data connection for smart phones, allowing the use of wif-fi instead; however they offer a small 3G data package at a low price...for those times you happen to not be near a free wi-fi.Because I already had one of their phones, I was able to add a "New APN" through the phone's menu (Settings, Wireless & networks, Mobile networks, Access point names, menu) by coping what was in the Bravo phone.  Here is how one needs to fill those fields in:Name: Consumer CellularAPN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comPort: 80MMSC:[...]  Amazon doesn't allow a web-link in their reviews, but that is required here.  See below for some hints.MMS proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comMMS port:  80MCC:  310MNC:  410APN type:  default,mms,supl,agps,fotaAPN protocol:  IPv4For the fields not listed above, they are left "&lt;not set>".  The MMSC web-link above includes the words "mmsc.cingular.com", after the usual "http...",Getting voice connections only required removing the sim card from the Bravo and putting it in the Atrix.So far, I'm very happy with this phone, with the Atrix being an improvement over the Bravo, having a better camera with a flash, faster processor, more memory, an added rear-facing camera, slightly larger screen, and the Gingerbread 2.3 OS.  After 3 weeks of using the phone, I have never had to reboot it, as I sometimes did with the Bravo's 2.2 OS.I've now purchased theAT&T; Laptop Dock for Motorola ATRIX 4G - Retail Packaging, theMotorola Standard Dock for Motorola ATRIX 4G, and theMotorola HD Multimedia Dock for Motorola ATRIX 4G-Motorola Retail Packagingand found a use for each. The standard dock turns the phone into an excellent, inexpensive clock and radio for my desk.  On trips, I'll always take with me the Laptop Dock.  Although it doesn't have the full capability of a laptop, it is so close that at times I could not tell the difference; yet it is so small and light weight that I'll certainly enjoy the convenience of it...plus it boots up much faster than a laptop.  I found that I could attach the Multimedia dock to my TVs and use their large screen as my monitor, but you need to purchase aHDMI to HDMI Type D Micro Cable (6 Feet / 1.8 M).  The included bluetooth mouse and keyboard and also work with the lapdock, especially the mouse making a nice accessory for it.  The USB ports on the two docks provide added capability to the Atrix 4G, including the ability to use any USB/wireless mouse. Both the lapdock and multimedia dock allow watching web-based video on a larger screen; however, there is a noticeable, but acceptable (if it is your only option) uneven motion in the video.  However, both video, music and photographs stored in the phone play very well from the phone onto the TV, with the phone making a very nice control device.Now if I can only find a use for theMotorola Vehicle Dock for Motorola ATRIX 4G with Rapid Car Charger - Retail Packaging...Update: A reviewer on another site pointed out that "older SIM cards (maybe 3-4 years old)" may also need to be replaced with a newer SIM card for the data connection to work.  After 3 months, my Atrix 4G continues to work great, with the Standard and Laptop Docks being my "must have" accessories.Update2: Be careful and not get the international version of this phone....I could not get it to work with Consumer Cellular.  I purchased a 2nd phone for my wife from Unlocked CellPhoneKings (recently changed their name to Breed), and they shipped the the only version they said they had in stock...the international version.  My first Atrix 4G also came from CellPhoneKings.  The international versions comes with a Great Britain Plug, an adapter, and an Android 2.3.4 operating system  (vs 2.3.6 for the US version).  I could not get it to work with Consumer Cellular which doesn't support international use on their network.

This phone has a problem with continuosly restarting itself throughout the day. I checked online and found lots of consumers frustrated with this phone for the same reason. Lots of tips on how to correct this problem but non seemed to work.

i wasn't sure what will i get from this phone... i was surprised to find that the atrix is a super powerful phone and does more than i expected it to do . fantastic display and great touch screen.

After just one year of use, I have been surviving to BUGs and every kind of weird behaviors on this phone. It was more than $400 and to be honest it's the worse desition I ever took. Now, after no drops or hits, the digitalizer (touch screen) has stoped working. It's dead, even after hard and factory reset. Do not buy this phone. Think in any other brand since Motorola have bad support and they do not update or fix their flavor of Android (blur).I'm wouldn't like to write this review, because when the phone works is a masterpiece. But its quality plus the poor support makes me help people to think in a better way to invest their money.&lt;Seller: levana's cellular>

This is the fourth or fifth cell phone I've owned and the first "smart" phone, so I am certainly not a power-user.  Nevertheless, I find the phone easy to use, the Droid interface is reasonably intuitive and the feature-set is more than adequate.  My only real complaint is the battery.  I've only had my phone about a year and already the battery will not fully charge, no matter how long I leave it on the charger. The OE charger stopped working after a few months, so I went to my local ATT store and got a replacement, which is different from the original, so this may be part of the issue.  The battery will get to 70% charged, the little battery icon shows that it is still charging, but it never gets to 100%, and then it drains within a day, even with very light use.From what I have seen in other reviews, batteries are frequently an area of complaint, and I worked in the electronics industry so I know from first-hand experience that batteries are an issue in other products as well.  Perhaps it is just too much to expect a Droid phone with all its bells and whistles to run off a battery for more than a day, but I would like to see battery manufacturers work to advance battery technology to keep up with the electronics they support!

I am thoroughly disappointed with this phone. There is very little I can say which reflects positively on the unit after 7 months of use, I have found almost every aspect of this phone to be unacceptable by any quality standards.Build quality:The assembly on my phone is poor. The metal brackets that hold the rear case on are crooked, resulting in a phone that does not have uniform thickness and does not seat properly in cases.Screen:The screen is easily the best part of this phone. It's high resolution, sharp, and delivers reasonable color quality and performance. Please note that it is unreadable while wearing sunglasses and difficult to see in bright sunlight.Bluetooth:It's terrible. My unit receives large amounts of interference when connected to Bluetooth devices that was not apparent on other phones I have owned (with the same accessories).Reception:Mixed. Service bars do not reflect your ability to hold calls on the phone. Calls may be dropped with 2 service bars due to lost signal, while the phone can continue to talk in an elevator with only one bar (usually a surefire time for calls to drop with other phones). The phone does not do a good job pulling in a strong WiFi signal (it does not receive full service unless you are within 2m of a router) and delivers only so-so speeds over WiFi in general.System Software:Don't expect the fingerprint scanner to work. It's only recognized sometimes and it's completely tied to software. The exclusion of the scanner in the Atrix 2 shows that Motorola was unhappy with their ability to support it.Overall, the phone is extraordinarily slow. Sensitivity in the gyroscope is awful and it can take several seconds to switch rotations. Apps take a while to load and the phone will get bogged down quickly (despite having minimal software installed).Stability is poor, the phone will restart itself randomly during regular use. Startup is nice and slow so don't worry about continuing calls quickly.Input support is sketchy and not well thought out. You will frequently encounter dialogues or keyboards that do not have important buttons to complete basic functions like 'send your message' or 'go to next field'. Don't worry, you can retrieve your navigation ability by flipping your phone and waiting 3 seconds for the screen orientation to switch itself. And enjoy those special moments when your keyboard panel comes up and reads 'Input Device' instead of actually showing a keyboard.Corporate Sync functions:So poor it deserves its own section. Create a contact on your phone in your corporate sync account. Go to your account on another machine and see if it appeared. It's anyone's guess if it'll transfer, more often than not it won't though. This is very useful when your phone crashes or needs to be reset, as you'll lose contacts randomly. Transferring contacts via your SIM or Micro SD card is no more reliable. Have fun with setup as well, the inconsistent support extends to your calendar and all other accounts. Some apps might sync while others don't, and the device setup is inconsistent across units. That's right, what works for your corporate network on one phone may not work when set up EXACTLY THE SAME WAY with a second phone.Stock software:The music player is unusable. It will start playing randomly when the phone's asleep or when you hang up a call, and frequently crashes after playing 1-2 songs. It cannot play more than one album at a time and seems to interfere with other music apps that are downloaded. It's best to never open it and uninstall it once you get the phone.The stock browser does not compare favorably to a desktop browser in terms of speed, load times are better than on Windows Phone 6.5 but pale in comparison to a 768k DSL connection. Flash loads slowly and is difficult to navigate with touch, its support seems irrelevant to the device now that it's discontinued.Battery performance:Turn off background syncing and it's great with 2-3 days of light use. Allow just the stock apps to sync in the background and you're talking 5 hours of idle time, 2-3 hours if you're using the device. So turn off all background syncing but your corporate email for regular use.Overall, I could never recommend this phone to anyone. I don't know if I would ever buy a similar unit after the terrible experience I've had with this phone, a flip phone would be more reliable.

I got used phone and wind-up paying for new. Powert cord did not fit to the phone.. Do not purchase from ROSS CELLULAR.Send back the stuff

Great, rugged and excellent phone, too bad Motorola stopped updating it's OS, otherwise would have given it the fifth star!

Un Telefono, increible, personas recomendadas, rapidas y serias, proximamente har&eacute; tratos de nuevo, comprare proximamente mas telefonos y accesorios, recomendados!

The phone was nice but didn't work properly which was weird since it was supposed to be new! More like a refurbishment

This phone is sold as unlocked, I live in Zimbabwe and like to keep as up to date on tech as possible.  The Wifi does not work here and after receiving the phone have found on google that this is a common problem outside of the US.  No mention is made of this.Basically the phone is useless. Cannot do anything with it.  If anyone has some advice please let me know.

Overall, does what they are supposed to do, however can be a little glitchy at times.  It seems whenever I try to connect to a wifi network, they sometimes don't want too and will freeze or restart.

I am from Australia. Having read a lot of good reviews here, bought one from ebay. After using about six months, I saw a workmate using the phone. I asked him how it was going. He said touch screen is ---ked and he was about to chuck in the bin.I thought it was just bad luck as mine was so far so good. Not long after, I start getting problems with the screen. Now I throw it away and get a new phone. A techaician says digitizer is damaged and would cost me aboout $150.

I'm not much of a techy so I wasn't  able to give you any detailed specs. But this phone works great. It arrived on time and I've had no issues with it. I had it imported from the US and I'm from the UK so I wasn't sure it would work but it did. The only major fault, is that although the pgone claims to be 16gb. Media space is limited and I was unable to fit more than 80 songs on the phone. However, with a cheaply bought memory card, you should be ok.

The best phone I never had, medium battery life, faster and easy inteface, excellent choice, Device Now execellent seller, phone root, gigerbread update and unlocking...110%

Great smartphone from Motorola. Beside the fact it's outdated, it has a good hardware with excellent performance in ICS. Recomend this product.

Un muy buen tel&eacute;fono!! Llego en excelente estado y el sistema operativo corre muy bien, muy fluido solo hay un detalle la bater&iacute;a que me vino con el tel&eacute;fono no es de 1930mah es de 1880mah por eso pongo 3 estrellas.a very good phone it came in excelent state but the battery came 1880mah and not 1930mah, for this 3 stars.

The only thing I didn't like is the fact that the phone was used because the data of a different user was on it.I had to talk with customer service to delete/restart the data, I didn't like the fact that I expected/promised a new machine (it looked new) and to find out that it has been used.

I had to return this item.  I know this phone very well because I own one for years from when it came out.  I'm looking for a replacement, so I was very disappointed with this one.  I don't mind that it was a refurbished phone even though it was advertized as a new phone.  However, the Wifi was broken.  The phone was constantly rebooting by itself.  When comparing with my current phone, there was a small rubber plug missing under the battery cover.  The screen brightness looked sketchy...I could see two very bright LED lights at the bottom of the screen which is not present on my current phone.

great

I bought two and after a year problem presented. The touch screen has failed on both phones.  Both phones were no concert

I recommend this item for all people who wants a nice and excellent phone.Perfect excellent. Really the exactly item y want.

this phone is a little old now but it is worth the price at least for the specs. the only bitter thing about it is that there is no official ICS(Ice Cream Sandwich) or JB(Jelly Bean), you'll be stack at Gingerbread(2.3.6), but you can get a custom ROM that will void your warranty

My screen died on my old matrix. So I got a new one. This is a great phone. All the add on are super cheap and it is still powerful enough to be used as my main phone. Got it rooted in 4 minutes too.

It's a pretty good phone, even if aged. It's faster than a Xperia U or Galaxy S3 mini, I guess the NVIDIA chipset makes it better.I got it for $80 from seller &#34;Hillside Deals&#34;, a very good deal if you ask me. The main con of the phone would be the locked bootloader but it came already unlocked. I easily rooted and installed a clockworkmod recovery, so I can install a Jelly Bean rom if I want.The camera is not that good but for $80 I can't really complain.

Terrible really do not understand how one stolen that way I drive or damaged 6 months already and came back and it said used.

The product is refurbished and come in generic packing.The advice didn't described as refurbished phone, and no told anithing about packaging.V

excelent cellphone!!! this is the best cellphone. I recomend to take one because is so fast and acept all aptications

Ordered to replace my Atrix 4g.Works great, came with both Euro and USA charging system phone was cheaper then the repair cost of my old phone and delivery when expected.

It doesnt seem like this phone is origional. Seems like a high quality replica that is made in China. I worked for Motorola Solustions not mobility and none of the phones we were ever issued said made in china.The phone does not have a fingerprint reader like advertised.The phone locks up every 10 seconds and the touch screen stops working. I have to lock then unlock the screen to continue.ENsure you can connect to wifi. You cant use the phone until it is registered with Motoblur.

wooow i LOVE MY ATRIX 4G REALLY new NEW REALLY NEW UNLOCKED phone.. i bought this massive phone from Venezuela and its really unlocked. 3G works just great.. my seller was "GLOBAL MOBILES" and the phone it cames with android 2.3.4.. I just got my box and it came with HDMI CABLE as well  :D :D  Highly recommended phone and seller..

I curiously opened my pkg and phone was there, I live in a another country by the way. Anyways cell looks new and detected my sim card right away and came with it's charger and usb connection, manual and battery. screen is very nice also phone tactile reaction is great. had factory sticker on screen. Phone is as described. screen keyboard is very nice and responsive to typing which makes it easier to browse the web and typing in general.

Bought phone to use on Consumer Cellular network.  Phone worked perfectly out of the box and Consumer Cellular sent me a sim card and downloaded software to make it work on their network.  Very pleased with ordering process, technical support, and delivery.

If you look a phone to send messages and calls with a good price this is the phone that you need!!, It has a good camera for day night and build with enough quality to drop it off ;-),

El telefono es excelente y tiene muy buenas caracteristicas. Lo uso en Colombia y funciona perfecto el 3G. Ademas me gusta mucho el tama&ntilde;no, creo q para los celelures la pantalla de 4 pulgadas es la mejor.

I happened found this cell phone and was wondered for small price. Very good phone for good price. I like it.

The phone is ok. The motorola support is poor .I had a problem with the phone so I have contact motorola online support there are unprofessional support , they have keep me waiting for each and every answers for Q over 15 min(over 90 Min.) they did NOT help to solve my problem and ignore my request for costumer service e-mail address . the support while talking to me was on the phone and have no time and will to help me.After using there poor service they e-mail me a fake !! chat transcriptI strongly recommend NOT to buy any mobile from motorola because they are absolutely not standing behind there products.

This cell phone is one of the best I ever had.Touch screen works awsome..I can read my emails, gps works fine, wireless and other functions works great.The only thing that I don't like is battery duration for work...before this cell I had BB and the battery has more time to work. I need to carry my car charger all the time for work all day without gettin off.I really recommend this, definitevely Motorola has great products.

After a few uses, speaker is not working anymore. Although that it is a very nice phone, easy to use.

Totally agree.&#34;I can only speak to the version sold by Accessory Distributor (there are 10 or more vendors offering &#34;new&#34; phones) but exactly what flavor of &#34;new&#34; this is I am not sure. It came in a generic Motorola box, no model number or other labels, and contained no warranty, safety, or manual documents, at all. Battery, back cover, and phone all came separately wrapped and &#34;looked&#34; new. But clearly this is some sort of re-packaged or perhaps re-furbished phone. Worse (as I found out when the screen started to time out and not wake up using the power button at all -- battery pull and reboot required every time the screen times out for 1st time) Motorola has no intention of honoring a new warranty on these phones. After hassling for 3 days with Motorola tech support via chat messages, phone calls to some Caribbean country, and multiple case numbers, I was finally told that the IMEI for this phone had a warranty which expired in July, 3 months before I bought the phone. No Motorola service even for an out-of-box problem on a &#34;new&#34; phone. Motorola would not honor an Amazon original invoice. Accessory Distributors said they would grant a 30- day warranty and repair the phone, with all shipping at my cost. Amazon offered arbitration with the vendor, but ultimately my only recourse was to accept having a non-authorized vendor repair the phone up to 30 days out, then I was on my own. A service plan would have cost $130 a year. OR return the phone. The only good thing about this deal is that the vendor accepted the return (not the shipping, but Amazon picked that up except for the return). My theory (no one said this) is that these are bundled unsold OEM phones from 2011(new or refurbished) bought from either Motorola or ATT, unlocked, and repackaged without an original warranty, and that Motorola has no desire to keep 1-year old models on the market cutting into their new-model Atrix sales. And ATT likely has no interest in doing favors for people who plan to use the phone with service from a competitor provider (as I did). I emailed 6 other vendors in the Amazon list selling them as new and none would include a Motorola warranty. This being advertised as &#34;new&#34; doesn't mean much, and there is no proof they are. So after all was said and done, I was out $6, plus about a week of hassle with Motorola, the vendor, and Amazon (latter was the only easy one to deal with -- I am still an Amazon fan). Plus still looking for a non-plan smartphoneMy recommendation is to avoid this particular phone deal unless you find a vendor who promises a 12-month Motorola warranty, as all new Motorola cell phones are supposed to have. I am OK with people selling used or refurb items without a warranty, but to bill these as &#34;new&#34; without such a warranty is deceptive consumer advertising and should be an FCC issue. I am surprised Amazon allows it, even on purchases they fulfill. C'mon guys, repair this ad. These are &#60;&#60;not&#62;&#62; new phones.Addendum: as also observed in other reviews, the phone also came with a 1500 mAH battery not the stock 1930 mAH one that came with the original phone. Whoever repackaged this shaved about $10 off the cost of the package by cutting this corner on a power-hungry dual-core big-screen smartphone&#34;

Came with a virus and phone always wants to force close . I would recommend a different carrier and an easier return policy.

I am brazilian and bougth the cell phones via Internet.When I received, I didn't realize that it didn't come in the original box. It came in a red box, without Motorola logo. I realize that only when I arrived in Brazil. I think that I got a refurbished item. But I was already in Brazil and decided not to return the cell phones.Now, one of them stop working... the touch screen doesn't work in a lot of places of the screen.

To be honest it came with the ATT gingerbread 2.3 and thats was junk, so I rooted, flashed and installed the Aura rom and works like a charm. Because I know how to flashed its perfect formy needs and its very fast. Totally recomended.

Awesome but sometimes heats and resets or turns off. Trying to figure out why, read in some reviews that is common due to the dual core processor.

motorola atrixthe mobile size and functions are ok but the camera was not what I expected. The quality of the camara and the price was my reason to buy. I prefer the camera of my old mobile

The product was late, but dealer managed to send it to a new address. The telephone came with a battery problem. The battery wares off in less than a day, it is always on the plug being charged!!! Besides, the telephone turs off by itself, with no command.

Have been using it for 3 months now and like it so far.  Has problems connecting to the home wifi immediately.  Waits for quite some time.  But that may be an issue with the operating system or maybe with phone.  Has several features that I use quite often and is user friendly.  The camera is good and the video quality is fine too.  The front facing camera was a plus for this device and I have used it to skype chat and works better if the wifi speed is faster.If you can still get your hands on this phone, and don't mind an older operating system, this isn't a bad option.  It doesn't allow installation of third party apps.  But you can use google play store and all the apps I use are from there anyways, so there has been no problems in that regard.Sound quality is fine as well as the display is crisp. Reasonable investment to do lot of things all other expensive smartphones do.

This phone has met all my needs. It's a good device at unbeatable price, practical and easy to handle. Only problem has been with bluetooth application

Very good phone, better than some of the big name units out there...Lots of room for all the aps you could want, great video too

I am writing this review after 2 years of use and it has been great.There is no point of buying it today as there are better options but Moto did not fail on me, this one was a winner.

the phone is broken. keeps rebooting all the time.although it was supposed to be brand new, and seemingly i was the one to &#34;open&#34; the box, there was no headphones in it, and the usb cable doesn't work. also, it was not 2.2 OS... it was already a bell canada - crapware loaded - 2.3 gingerbread...very bad purchase. very unhappy with amazon which although i contacted upon noticing, nothing... this was supposed to be a sale covered by amazon... motorola won't repair the phone - i have contacted them several times...i'm stuck, i don't have another phone...this is the second item with the same purchase that turned out to be crap.can't buy from amazon anymore and i have an impossible time to refer it to anyone else at this point.

love the phone works awesome with net 10 best phone ever owned. and the duel core is fast and the calling is clear.

The telephone doesn't work.  It hasn't number IMEI.  doesn't recibe any signal. any opedrator.  What I can do?I think is configuration but I don't now to do it.

What received it was obviously not a &#34;new&#34;  phone.  It was in a generic box missing usb connector and manual. Additionally,  the battery was swollen and non functional.  The half hearted approach by the vendor to replace the product (not including any shipping cost incurred)  left me little choice but to purchase a battery for $150.00 (US $30). The device started but within minutes stated that it was ready for upgrade.  I followed the on screen instructions and the phone has not worked since... Definitely will not do business again with seller.

hola, el equipo se ve en buen estado, el &uacute;nico problema es que la bater&iacute;a no llego en el paquete. y por consiguiente no puedo saber si el producto funciona o nooo que mal rato hacen pasar con los productos incompletos..

It is a good phone for the cost of having the writing assistant function is unique and no other phone offers it, you can have everything you need in an android and more, just exchange your camera is not the best quality, at night the pictures are of very low quality

Some background as the type of user that I am. I text a lot, don't really talk all that much, I am active social networker (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and I also surf the web a lot! Previous to this phone, I have never owned a smartphone at all. When my upgrade came around, I really wanted to get a smartphone. I almost got the iPhone but after doing some research, I was conviced that the Atrix is just a better option. Almost a month later, I can honestly say that I don't have a SHRED of buyer's remorse. This phone really is as good as advertised. Simply put, its the best damn smartphone on the market, period. And now, my impressions and annoyances about the phone!Pros:1.) Fast. I mean really fast. That dual core processor real ups the computing power on this baby. I put down all of the widgets and options that I could fit on to the screen to put it through its paces and the phone still moved from screen to screen with smoothness and no delay. The web options are also really quick assuming good connectivity to the network/wi-fi.2.) Lightweight and not very bulky to feel.3.) The display is a qHD display meanings the pictures and colors are very vibrant and the graphics are amazing. Although, I do have to admit, not quite as good as the iPhone's, but nonetheless still very, very good.4.) Quick sync-up with all of your social networking sites (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIN, etc) and email. It's actually kind of scary how quickly the phone does that. Plus if your friends on facebook have their numbers on their profiles... it will show up in your contacts... which I thought was kind of cool and a bit annoying.5.) The fact that it runs on the Android OS. Honestly... the customization ability of the Android OS is what makes this phone really work for me because, unilke the iOS (iPhone operating system), no two Android phones are alike. With the iPhone everyone's iPhone does pretty much the same thing, but with this Atrix, no two Atrixes are alike and you can really customize as you wish. The flexibility is such a plus and the Atrix also really allows you to play with that flexibility!6.) Great for texting/social networking w/o the annoying autocorrect crap!7.) Voice command is just freaking amazing. You can pretty much do anything with the built in voice command call people, text people, write emails, search using Google... just about anything. There is also a third party Vlingo app (which you can't unistall) but is still really handy!8.) Nice 5 mp camera plus a front facing camera if you are into voice chatting! Plus you can take 720p HD video with the VGA camera... basically its a very nice picture quality if you don't know what that means.And now for the bad parts, as amazing as this phone is, there are those as well.Cons:1.) Battery life sucks. Like it's just terrible. If you use the phone for the day, it will pretty much suck the battery life right down to zero. So you should be carrying a charger with your everywhere you go... in ther car, at work, at home, etc. When you have such a powerful phone as this, its totall unavoidable... the battery will get drained really quickly2.) The Motoblur thing is really annoying and it doesn't always integrate things properly, but you can't get around it. You have to deal with it.3.) Not a super intuitive phone. If you have never had a smartphone before, your goign to have to spend some time to try to get to know how this phone works. It took me literally three days of non-stop tinkering and internet searches to figure things out and I'm a techie! I'm still finding out new things about this phone after a month!!4.) Volume controls are a bit lacking. Things are either reallly really loud or very very soft... and not much middle ground. But I got used to it.5.) There is some bug issues. During my first week, once my phone just randomly rebooted itself, with battery full and everything. It happened while I was surfing the web... so idk if some webcontent forced it to shutdown or if something is actually wrong with the device. But since then it hasn't randomly rebooted itself... to my knowledge. IDK what it does while I am asleep.In conclusion. This phone, by enlarge, rocks. There are some minor details and issues with it, but nothing that is so detrimental that it will ruin the phone's experience or the functionality of the phone. You just can't go wrong with this phone!! All of you who are out in the market for a smartphone... do your self a favor and strongly consider this phone, because it really is a fantastic smartphone!

This phone is great, brings many accessories, become fascinated by receiving, are responsible for the costs. widely recommended. I am very happy.

I didn't realize when I bought this phone that the power supply was european and not meant for US electical outlets. This was an extra cost to buy converters. The phone works well though.

bad service. I purchased 23-jan-2012 two Motorola Atrix, and at this time I dont recieve my cell Phones!!!I sent 2 times email, because i want my Mone back, and I havent receive any information from this company

defective product in the product description said it was new and I was sent a used product and operational problems.

What a great, useful and cheap smartphone. I adore how it can adapt to almost all the tasks I need. The fingerprint sensor is fantastic so don't worry about remembering PINs or patterns, just slide for finger and voil&aacute;.It can play videos on webpage without installing anything aditional, it's really unlocked, has great storage capacity so if you don't need more than 10 GB you can save some money by not buying a memory card. The only thing I don't like is that you can't update (officially) to ICS, too bad. I'll update if something comes out

Phone was supposed to be unlocked but its not and ATT wants to charge $90 to unlock so now I can't use phone with my current service provider

I bought this phone from Worldwide Distribuitors.It came upgraded to Android 2.3.4. Didn't inlcude the dock, nor the car charger (none of them are mentioned in the box contents), only the charger, USB cable and HDMI cable. Phone is fast, responsive, it feels well built (but I ordered a protective gel case for it). The most impressive feature of this phone is it's battery life. I can easily go through my working day without worrying about charging my phone to have battery juice while I get back home. I think it can easily go for 36 hours of normal use: email, phone calls, instant messaging, games, etc.If you plan to use it outside the U.S., you should input the APN configuration after powering it on for first time; just ask your service provider!.The screen resolution is superb, more icons fits the application screen. The MotoBlur interface is quite messy for handling Social Networking, but its excelent to manage email accounts/SMS. In fact, I don't use the Social Networking part of MotoBlur, I prefer the standard twitter, facebook apps. The size is perfect for 1 handed use. It also fits in my jean's pocket without any problems.In a short, it might not be the fastest phone around (the Galaxy S2 is faster), but I can't feel the difference between both in speed (my wife has an S2) in day by day use. Given the fact that I dont mind been 1-5% slower (in benchmarks), but having superb battery performance and a more pocketable, easier to use with 1 hand mobile, and saving over $100, I think this phone is the best choice around here.

Reading the reviews for this phone I thought I would be very happy, and I was for a short time. Unfortunately I found the phone slightly warm one day sitting on my desk on the charger. It was off (oddly) so I turned it on and found that it hung at the splash screen "Rethink Possible". Warranty replacement, fine, except about a month later it failed in the exact same way. So now I'm on my 3rd phone (same model), and yesterday it started turning itself off after 2-10 minutes of being idle. The timing appears random, and the battery indicator shows 90%. It's doing the same thing this morning after a full charge, and I'm using the Motorola charger and battery that came with the phone. I hope Motorola will replace it with the newer model (Atrix 2), and I'll have better luck with that. If not, I'll just eat it and get an Iphone - ugh.I do not recommend this product to anyone unless it's a gift for someone you hate, and they live at the end of a long, precarious drive with no guardrails in an area where it would be a long time for a passerby to recognize they went off the road hundreds of feet down a ravine because it was so rainy they could barely see the road and coincidentally their driver's side windshield wiper was intermittently malfunctioning and they had to use their cellphone to call for help in order to save their life because they were pinned under the steering wheel but when they went to use their Motorola Atrix 4G it would suddenly reboot and get stuck at the "Rethink Possible" screen and that would be the last thing they saw. Under those circumstances I would rate this phone 5 stars and highly recommend it.I'm on my 4th phone (my employer pays for my phone) - been quite a while with no issues, but I still hate it.

I just receipt the phone one week ago, and I have some complains- the box was not the original one- this is a A&TT; phone, it works with other companies sim card, but some functions will be block(share internet)-Wireless is not working I found some error messages and no nerworks were found)- it wet hot with few use

While the description of the phone sounded great, I will never get to find out for myself.  I have returned the phone.  I bought this phone as a recommended brand for my new mobile provider.  This mobile company uses sim cards.  When I placed the sim card in, the phone indicated, &#34;There is no sim card.&#34;  The phone is not operational without the sim card.  The sim card worked in another phone.

It's really cheap to have all those characteristics, so if you want a good phone and you don't have so much money to spend in this, probably you must consider the Atrix!

Estoy de acuerdo Con Todo El Proceso de compra y envio Sobre Todo el uso que le he dado a mi movil, es lo que estaba esperando,

This has to be one of my favorite phones so far. Its easy to use, fast, and manageable. You couldn't pry this phone out of my hands now.

I bought this phone for my friend as a birthday gift and it is  exactly what he wanted. The phone arrived way before it's expected date.

I arrive damaged screen

Screen  freezes  need to take battery out to get to work

This phone is great--so easy to use, and has more functions than I will be able to use.  I love the way the phone vibrates slightly as I use the touch screen. I recommend it.

I purchased this Item  on 11/4/12.  Now it is four months later and the photo and video function has stopped working.  I suspected that this dealer has sent me a reconditioned phone.  I paid for a new phone.  I owned this phone before and replaced it with the one I purchased through Amazon.  This Amazon seller Miki_Blue_Eyes #1 in Customer Service sold it.  What a scam. Now I have a phone which I loved that doesent work after only four months. If this can not be resloved I will just close my account and not use Amazon again.  Things like this hurt reputations and faith in online purchases.

I dont know what happen, looks like new, but the headset sometimes works, others not. So I have to repair it :(

I received samsung charger with this device. I don't expect wrong accessory. I don't want to spend money on buying Motorolla charger.

I did a lot of research before purchasing this Motorola Atrix phone.  It had all of the features I was looking for.  Unfortunately, I jhad to return it because after trying for 2 weeks...alomg with tech assistance from Motorola, I was unable to connect with Motorblur which is required to use all of the phone features.

My new phone is a replacement for the exact same model that started 'acting up' after four years of ownership. It's nice to have a new one and is crystal clear as are the pictures and videos I take with it. Delivery was almost overnight with the 'Good Guys' who I have already positively raved about. The phone is easy to populate with apps and has all the bells and whistles you'll find on much more expensive phones. This unit cost about $119. I am very satisfied with the phone and look forward to at least another four years with it. Not bad. Obviously, I was satisfied with the Motorola Atrix or would not have purchased this one. I am an Android man.

No unlocked. Locked!!! Open, outside the box. Apearance of used. I'm outside the U.S. or return it. Bad. Very bad.

El celular es espectacular, tiene una respuesta muy r&aacute;pida a m&uacute;ltiples tareas, vino absolutamente desbloqueado como se indicaba en el anuncio.El env&iacute;o fue m&aacute;s que adecuado, en un excelente tiempo.Las bandas de operaci&oacute;n son las mismas que se emplean en Ecuador por lo que puedo disfrutar de todos los beneficios que presta esta obra de arte de la ingenier&iacute;a.Una muy buena elecci&oacute;n sin la menor duda.

Very good phone, comes with all accessories, all new, works in Venezuela with Movilnet and Movistar, does the 3G perfectly with both operators.

I love this phone. I practically haven't used my laptop since I've got this phone, I can do pretty much everything that I do on my pc, I watch movies, series, check work documents, and the price is really low. The only thing that I complain about is motoblur, but I changed the system to CN 7.2 and it's a lot faster, I don't think I'll be changing this phone for a really long time.

I've bought several ATRIX 4G's off of ebay and amazon. There are some issues with the device as well as there has been somewhat of a bad luck factor. This is an excellent device but I've had some bad luck with it. There have been some battery life issues as well. other than that, this phone is a pleasure to use specially with the new jelly bean roms. The display is just beautiful and looks really good and vibrant even in comparison with iphone4s.

El telefono es bonito y el sistema operativo es excelente, es super rapido, liviano. Sin embargo, llego co un defecto de fabrica que la corneta del telefono no funciona, no emite sonido ni cuando llaman, ni cuando se coloca en altavoz, ni con el reproducto de musica.

nothing to say, good product but ne.ed more time to learn all the function, but didn't figure out how to connect wifi yet

the phone is good.  it might not be as good as the I-Phone but it was also $200 cheaper and it does the work.  deifnitely a good smartphone at a decent price

it described as unlocked but it's not unlocked can't use my roaming simcard and it's freezing when power on. i would not recommend this phone...

This phone works great.  The battery last longer than I would have thought for a smart phone.  I have not had any problems with this phone.

I was pretty excited when I bought my Atrix a year and a half ago, but long term it has been disappointing. I had owned several Motorola cell phones over the years and stuck with them because I thought Motorola knew how to build a dependable phone.But, mine did not even make it to the two year point for a discounted replacement phone. Within the first few months of use the black plastic applied to the main on/off switch peeling off. This, however, did not seem to affect the functionality of the phone, so I ignored it. Later down the road the blue tooth function stopped working, and shortly thereafter the Wi-Fi function stopped working. A little web research uncovered that this is a common problem which can only be fixed with a new main motherboard.I continued to struggle along without those functions, but then the speaker for the ear end of the phone died. Again this turns out to be a common failure.Besides these reliability issues, the much hyped Atrix accessories like the laptopish dock, media dock and car dock turned out to be poorly thought out and poorly supported. The pseudo-laptop could only run a few outdated applications, and nothing new ever became available for it. That expensive accessory turned out to be little more than a novelty.Another recent problem is that Motorola has never upgraded this phone to the latest Android release, and consequently useful applications like the Paypal blue triangle for taking remote credit card payments will not work.Motorola was once the leader in cell phones. Now they are pretty much a joke. Sad, really.

El tel&eacute;fono esta casi nuevo, y con las especificaciones indicadas, la entrega fue muy r&aacute;pida , se recomienda al cien por ciento este vendedor.

After months of doing A LOT of research, this is the phone that I bought. I am very pleased. I love the fingerprint recognition. I have yet to buy an SD card, and so far I have not come close to running out of memory. It took a little getting used to as far as the screen appearance and where the settings and things were. but after I figured that out, I was good to go! The ONLY issue that I have come across is this: the battery refuses to reach 100%. Originally it did, and  there were no issues, but all of a sudden recently, it sets and 90% for hours on the charger. I'm not sure if this is a specific issue for me alone, or what, but it is only a minor thing so far.So in conclusion, I am very satisfied with my very first smartphone. Hello &#34;info at my fingertips,&#34; here I come!

First, I have to say how incredibly fast this phone came through by mail. I ordered it on a Saturday and it arrived 1 day earlier than expected. First two days, I tested the phone and saw what it was capable of. Processing power and the nVidia Tegra 2 makes this great for those graphic intensive games for the Android market (Modern Combat 3, Shadowgun, etc).So like I mentioned before, this phone worked GREAT for the first 2 days. 3rd day I was using it, the phone suddenly shut off by itself while I was in the bus listening to music. So I didn't think much of it, until it happened another time while I was playing Modern Combat 3. Then 2 more times when I wasn't even using the phone at all.I thought a factory reset would fix the problem, but it didn't. During the reset, the phone restarted again. So I checked online for a solution which some told me could be a problem with the SIM card and or other countless problems the Atrix 4G has. So I did another factory reset from the way Motorola support said, which is a hard reset by pressing the volume down button and the power button at the same time.Did that twice and still had this problems. Not even a week of using the phone and already these problems occurred. I suggest to all you thinking of getting this phone, its a great device ONLY if you are going to need it just as a cell phone. Making phone calls and minimum internet usage. Other than that, using this device for playing games or even listening to music will get the phone to restart itself 5-6 times a day.PS: Not sure about how other people received their Motorola Atrix through amazon, but when mine arrived there was a scuff mark on the top right corner of the battery cover and on the bottom left corner of the phone. So I ignored that fact when the phone first arrived, now I'm just disappointed.This would be a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the problems. Now I'm looking for another phone for the same budget as this one. It's a shame really.

Phone would be good value (nice screen, lots of storage, micro SD card slot etc) except that the software is extremely buggy and this undermines its functionality. Seemed to work okay for a while, but after that it has been crashing and restarting (a process that takes several minutes) multiple times a day -  especially while tethering. It has been so annoying that I'm thinking of downgrading to my old phone. Problem not fixed by a factory reset. The battery life is also pretty bad.

It's a phone, nice, small, powerful and good. I've used it for everything, the only thing I notice is that the cell is heated easily by using it to surf the internet.

I complete satisfaction, great phone and services are included. It's light, comfortable and fast. Accessories work very well. I recomend your buy

The Motorola Atrix 4G i bought was good. Good design, pretty fast, etc. The bad thing about it is that the wifi never worked. As soon as i activated it, it would reboot the cellphone. Also, now the only way i can speak through the phone is with the speaker. The cellphone is pretty good but due to those errors, i just can say that i wasted my money.

I want to now if the Atrix came with 850 band wcdma ? Im from Costa Rica and that band is need for 3G

muy buen celular lo uso en mexico con telcel o movistar lo recomiendo llego muy rapido y en buen estado

When i recived the phone it was without protection and it was without hdmi cable . so dont buy from the traders who sell the phone in [ new ] option ..

I bought this phone for the speed from the dual-core processor, the reliability Motorola devices seem to have and the pocket able size - so far I've been very pleased on all counts.I work in construction and, when paired with a Zagg shield and commuter style Otterbox, I don't feel uneasy bringing the Atrix to work with me every day. I've dropped it quite a few times (never over 5 foot drops) and it has never come apart/restarted/cracked the screen.All of the applications and games I've thrown at it work flawelessly, no staggering or lags at all, whenver the phone starts to lag it's generally from a lack of signal. The Atrix also has no qualms about playing 720p video files which is a nice upgrade from my previous phone.I can usually get 1.5 days out of a charge, this varies depending on if I use the internet heavily or talk a lot.The camera is decent, it's not going to amaze given what else is on the market now - but it's a very competent camera nonetheless.One bad thing I can report on this phone is it will restart sometimes of its own accord. This is generally when you tap out the RAM by having too many apps running at a time or an app that gets stuck and has a memory leak.Things I like:-Responsive-Thin Design-Amount of apps that can be run at the same time-Media options (micro-HDMI port and media server options)-Good call volume-Decent battery life-Durable (construction isn't easy on electronics)-Forward facing cam (great for video conferencing)Things I don't like:-Random Restarts-Position of unlock button (personal preference)-Camera shutter speed can lag at timesOverall I really have liked this phone. Even though it's well over a year old, it keeps up very well and has yet to show its age. The Atrix is the perfect blend of what I look for in a phone and I tip my hat to Motorola to delivering one of the best phones I've ever owned.

This phone was awesome. Bought it for a trip to Africa and it worked like a charm no calibration needed just pop the SIM card in and it works. Very fast data has HDSPA capability, great camera but takes dull night shots but then againost cameras do. The size is just perfect not an uber phone like the S4 and not a tic tac like an old flip phone just right.

Let me just say that this is one of the best phones i have ever had.  Fast and reliable.  Just what the doc ordered

I bought an used Atrix and as expected the phone came with a few dings and scratches in the back of the phone. Front side was perfect. It did not immediately turn on when i got it but after a bit of time charging it, it turned on just fine. One thing though: if you are getting this phone used, get the data cable as well. It will make adding files to your phone and syncing your phone with your pc. I bought it to use it in Venezuela and had no issues what so ever. //  Si esta pensando en comprar un telefono para Venezuela, le recomiendo este mismo. Lo compre y estoy muy contento.

it is the first smartphone for me , i like it very much. support multi language so i can use it after we go back.

As android user, the cell did not fullfill the expectations, specially the fingerprint reader which is the main difference to other android 2.2.1 phones. The reader is not even good for a 1:1 verification on a local database. Still, the rest of the hardware achieved Motorola's goal to keep the company with an average high-end device, but it does not belong to the top 5 club.

Not functional as it was written up. Had a lot of trouble with it. It kept going on its own.

I have had no problems whatsoever with this phone . I even purchased the Body Glove belt clip case for it on Amazon.com , and that works great as well . My advice is to purchase it , it's been a great asset for me .

Great service and accurate description . There were no surprises and I was pleased with the outcome. You guys did excellent.

The Motorola Atrix has been my favorite phone by far, so much that when I accidentally dropped my last Atrix in water, I had to go hunt down another one on Amazon! Love the fingerprint reader the most.

Pleased with my Motorola Atrix phone.  The Android software works very well, Amazon has lots of apps for Android phone. Labdock work to.

Excellent product, I am completly satisfied with it. The seller is responsible. It the works very well in vzla. the cell phone is amazing an all its functions

I love this unlocked android. learning curve on its features is about 2 weeks for me as a novice to its touch/swype features. Otherwiwe it's quite easy to navigate. wireless connectivity is great in US but when going to other countries, updating your social networking and emails may be problematic - in which case, just resort to wired networks. But all in all, it's quite versatile, powerful and portable for documents on the go including presentations. The apps are cheap too but not all apps install easily. Synch feature with PC - not so user friendly. Wired or wireless, one must be able to manage the android apps from the celfon when connected to a PC. It only synchs with data. Not a big concern for me though as long as I can access my social networks via wired connection. Unlocked phone is expensive but worth it if you travel abroad.

I bought this phone about 3 months ago and it already is giving me a ton of problems. Most notably, a portion of the screen does not respond to touch anymore. Due to this issue the phone is essentially useless because I cannot make calls using the number pad and I am  unable to send text messages because when i try to type a letter in the screen will not respond. I tried to contact the seller and they pretty much told me I was out of luck because it has been more than 30 days.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!

I can only speak to the version sold by Accessory Distributor (there are 10 or more vendors offering "new" phones) but exactly what flavor of "new" this is I am not sure.  It came in a generic Motorola box, no model number or other labels, and contained no warranty, safety, or manual documents, at all.  Battery, back cover, and phone all came separately wrapped and "looked" new.  But clearly this is some sort of re-packaged or perhaps re-furbished phone.  Worse (as I found out when the screen started to time out and not wake up using the power button at all -- battery pull and reboot required every time the screen times out for 1st time) Motorola has no intention of honoring a new warranty on these phones.  After hassling for 3 days with Motorola tech support via chat messages, phone calls to some Caribbean country, and multiple case numbers, I was finally told that the IMEI for this phone had a warranty which expired in July, 3 months before I bought the phone.  No Motorola service even for an out-of-box problem on a "new" phone.  Motorola would not honor an Amazon original invoice.  Accessory Distributors said they would grant a 30- day warranty and repair the phone, with all shipping at my cost.  Amazon offered arbitration with the vendor, but ultimately my only recourse was to accept having a non-authorized vendor repair the phone up to 30 days out, then I was on my own.  A service plan would have cost $130 a year.  OR return the phone.  The only good thing about this deal is that the vendor accepted the return (not the shipping, but Amazon picked that up except for the return).  My theory (no one said this) is that these are bundled unsold OEM phones from 2011(new or refurbished) bought from either Motorola or ATT, unlocked, and repackaged without an original warranty, and that Motorola has no desire to keep 1-year old models on the market cutting into their new-model Atrix sales.  And ATT likely has no interest in doing favors for people who plan to use the phone with service from a competitor provider (as I did).  I emailed 6 other vendors in the Amazon list selling them as new and none would include a Motorola warranty. This being advertised as "new" doesn't mean much, and there is no proof they are.  So after all was said and done, I was out $6, plus about a week of hassle with Motorola, the vendor, and Amazon (latter was the only easy one to deal with -- I am still an Amazon fan).  Plus still looking for a non-plan smartphoneMy recommendation is to avoid this particular phone deal unless you find a vendor who promises a 12-month Motorola warranty, as all new Motorola cell phones are supposed to have.  I am OK with people selling used or refurb items without a warranty, but to bill these as "new" without such a warranty is deceptive consumer advertising and should be an FCC issue.  I am surprised Amazon allows it, even on purchases they fulfill.  C'mon guys, repair this ad.  These are &lt;&lt;not>> new phones.Addendum: as also observed in other reviews, the phone also came with a 1500 mAH battery not the stock 1930 mAH one that came with the original phone.  Whoever repackaged this shaved about $10 off the cost of the package by cutting this corner on a power-hungry dual-core big-screen smartphone

I had Samsung Dart before I both this phone and even though it's also running on Android 2 which is old OS now days, it's really big difference between them. Motorola Atrix is faster, screen is larger and much nicer. Speakers are also great. Camera has 5MP resolution, but picture quality is about the same as on Samsung Dart which has 3MP camera. Great thing here is that phone has front face camera which is really rare for this price range. If you plan to spend around $100 for a new phone, this is currently the best deal on Amazon.

Do not buy from JOYCELL...they sell used/refurb/defective products. Even after verifying with JOYCELL, i received used or refurb phone that was intended for ASIAN markets. Power button was loose and feel / look of the phone is used. Phone came in generic box, was missing motoblur card and other original accessories.I WILL NEVER EVER BUY THE PHONE FROM {JOYCELL}. THEY SELL OTHER PHONES and most of the customers have the same complaints.PLEASE READ other REVIEW regarding JOYCELL BEFORE buying...

dont say what your giving when your not all  accessories  mean all i did not even get ahead phone you pay for your lie and you not get away

I have had my phone / computer for over a month now.  I'm not going to go into any detail about its various functions since other phone reviewers on the net do that quite well and I see no need to duplicate their work.  What I want to express is the thrill factor I have with this phone.  I am so picky about the things I buy that sometimes I annoy myself, and I have no criticisms of this phone whatsoever.  I did buy an app to disable the screen lock function and which also provides a numeric battery level, but I view that as personalizing to my preferences which is why some apps are created.  Sound is phenomenal, and I love securing the phone in the phone console [...] I purchased, and listen to Stitcher radio programming while I ride my bike.  It fits great in the pocket, and I can't imagine buying an iphone when you can get this phone for 27 dollars on Amazon Wireless.  I could have paid 100 plus dollars for this phone with contract and been just as happy.  I love this device and if you are a gadget guru like me, that is saying a lot.  I can't imagine that you would be disappointed with this device.

I love the fast and easy way to use it, even my child knows how to use it to see photos and play games...I really enjoy it

thank's This phone is excelentes i like.  you have free hands for sale and case for motorola atrix thank's thank's

It is a real computer in your hand, i have a mouse and a keyboard and connect the docking station to my samsung monitor by HDMi connector and works like a big computer to manage my facebook and my e-mails. Excelent product.

I received the phone in a reasonable amount of time in a Motorola box.The phone was used with pictures and videos  from 2011.  The seller Blutekusa should be pulled from the Amazon market for deceptive trade practices.  It is posted online as new and after calling the Blutekusa telephone representative lied three times to me telling me it will be new in an appropriate box. These kind of vendors like Blutekusa make online sales suck. I will never buy from them again.  I love the phone I have had one for three years now but the experience with Blutekusa for my replacement will make me shy away from any future purchases online. To all other potential purchasers of Blutekusa be wary.

a few months after i bought is giving me problems with wifi. I care greatly this phone...how can i know about warranty?

Excellent service from &#34; wireless extra&#34;.  I had problems with the battery but Wireless Extra&#34; took care of every thing.

Got the phone last week.It works nicely though I did expect it to be a little faster.Have the LG 2x as well, and although they have the same processor, Lg works notibly faster.camera on the Atrix is better then expected.Nice touch screen and HD video quality.Motoblur is annoying, would skip that if Motorola would kindly releave us for that duty.All together, for the price, you don't need more.I would recommend it to a friend.

good service cumplen lo ofrecido es una buena tienda a pesar que existen problemas intentan solucionarlo no importa si es local o en el extrangero

device was in excelent conditions, working as designed i love it waiting to upgrate it to the newest vesrion i'll recommend it

I must say this phone almost met all my expectation in an Android phone. I've had it for more than a month now.  Its really unlocked and works with any gsm network. All I had to do is insert my Sim card. So far the only problem I have with is of  course the front camera take very dark picture.Will continue to update as time goes on.

The product is excellent but when I saw the picture of him coming phone seller in motorola box, with their HDMI cables and headphones handsfree set ... But when I get the phone only came in Atet mini box, and I do not like ... They should specify how come the product as it did not bring anything I say ... conctacte further that the supplier and only told me what I could do was return the product.

After 3 months with this phone, I could say it's a great gadget!!! Dual core = fast and excellent performance!! Recently, it made an update to Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), and got even better!!! Received it unlocked as it says. I could say the battery is the only con it has (mine lasts 2 days before it needs to get charged,sometimes even 3 days), but otherwise it's a great purchase and would recomend it to anyone who looks for a smartphone

Good device.. it got on time. It work perfectly.. Im happy with it...... it look like new and I bought it new

It is as described, Unlocked Phone!! 1GHz Dual core running great... Camera is amazing.I got it with Android 2.2 Installed, and when I check update, Its updated with Android 2.3.4 Gingerbread!!!!! Its simply Great!! WiFi Tethering is nice option and USB tethering as-well... I also used Windows Phone 7, and I love this Android phone.

I bought this phone in 2011 I have used it everyday after I got it, so i have had two years to test it out. I have the laptop dock for it too. It was good when i first got it. It got better when they updated it to gingerbread and let me install 3rd party apps. Then one day I got a notification Motorola wanted to update the phone again. I thought the last update was good so this one would be too. I was very wrong. The only thing it did was to make my Wi-Fi disconnect its self whenever it feels like. It wont stay on for more than a couple of minutes. I have my Wi-Fi set to never sleep, and I have tried everything to fix this including factory reset. I don't know why motorola would want to ruin my phone on purpose, but they did. Probably so I would use more data or something. I am never going to buy another motorola product for as long as I live, and i would say you shouldn't either because this is the kind of stuff they're going to pull.

Ordered phone for my son.  Arrived directly on time.  Well packaged, no issues.  Love this phone.  Great phone.  Functionality of this phone is amazing.  Phone graphics are great.  Sound quality is great.  Would totally recommend.

The telephone is excellent, but alone this me came with the loader, another type of accessories did not come with anything. Because of it I give him four

I bought this phone with the intent of giving the Android operating system a try since I just came from an iPhone 3GS.  I liked the idea of a SD slot for added memory, and a removable battery since my iPhone had locked-up on me several times and there was no way for me to shut it down, instead I had to wait for the battery to drain.  Unfortunately I found out that this phone had many more problems than my iPhone 3GS.  Here is a list of the major problems I've had with the Motorola Atrix 4G.1.  It reboots itself for no reason about 2-5 times a day.  When this happens usually the skin covering the battery is very warm.2. When playing music, the phone skips like other reviewers have said.  It doesn't matter what music player I've tried they all have this issue.3. Wi-Fi connectivity is intermittent at best.  I've had the phone lose connection 3 times in 1 minute.  When the phone loses connection to Wi-Fi, it also loses connection to the mobile network.  This can happen over 100 times in a single day.4. After a year of use the battery is complete garbage.  Although my 3 year old iPhone 3 is still ticking away with the stock battery.5. The phone has a mind of its own.  At random it will surf the net on its own completely ignoring what you typed in the search field.6. If the phone is plugged in and charging the touch screen does not work properly.  It is almost impossible to unlock the phone when it is plugged into the wall.There are other issues, but they are trivial compared to the ones I listed above.  I believe this phone needed a lot more testing and development before it was released.  If you need help exercising your patience then I think this phone is perfect.  If you need a phone to make calls, send texts and surf the web, my suggestion is to look elsewhere and forget that you ever heard of the Motorola Atrix 4G.Please note, my phone was not submerged under water, dropped from any great distance, or carried outside of a case.  As a matter of a fact, if you remove the phone from the case it almost looks brand new except for the minor scratches on the screen where dirt found its way between the case and the phone.  Next time I will use a screen protector before encasing my phone with an otter box.Best Regards,

i could not get the data to work. worked with my carrier to upload information. blue tooth will not work. send phone back. was hoping to either get a credit or choose another manufacturer's phone; however, after sending the phone back, they did not contact me, just send the SAME make/model phone back to me. i was surprised that they did not contact me. to me this has been a waste of my time.  i am still working with supplier to resolve issue. i have gone though the same setup again. same results. not happy.

For the price, it is just an amazing cellphone. I Highly recommend NOT to buy the at&t; unlocked version, it's better to get the european factory unlocked cellphone. Away from that point, it really is an amazing machine. It gets almost no lag even though you have every screen with multiple live widgets, It's a monster when it comes to storage capability, with its default internal 16gb, it can be expanded 32gb more with a microSD card, making it a 48gb cellphone. It can be customized with either the android widgets or with the motoblur ones. Motoblur sometimes is a little messy, but it will become a powerful tool once you get the hang of it. It has a 5MP camera with dual led (the flashlight app is a blinding light!) gets quite good pictures.If you want a phone that can be your great storage ace, this is it. A powerful machine processing data and an even more powerful one in the storage department. Also if you want a secure phone, the biometric lector for the fingerprint works just fine, and will make your phone a mobile fortress. I highly suggest to get the otterbox commuter for this phone, it will become much more natural feeling in your hand and will protect it from ANYTHING, since it comes with a screen protector also.

I am very upset phone is not workingI am very upset phone is not workingI hurtI hurtI hurt

I'll start by saying, I L.O.V.E. my ATRIX and all the accessories I purchased for it just over two years ago.  It's size, fingerprint reader (keeps my son off of it!), removable battery, and responsiveness are perfect for me.  I also have three docks and a couple carrying cases that allow me to use my phone in every way I need to.  I'll tell you my whole journey to keep the love alive with my ATRIX so perhaps you can avoid my pitfalls, and weigh whether this particular purchase is for you.My old phone's screen started acting up about 3 months ago with poltergeist touches and random screen freeze ups.  I limped along for awhile and then a month ago when my contract was up w/ AT&T; I went into their store to get a replacement.  With the industry tendency towards upsizing screens (if I wanted to do that I'd carry my tablet as a phone!), the newest phones were not of interest to me.  The new ATRIX *completely* changed, making all my docks and cases obsolete, not to mention its poor reviews on battery life and bulkiness.  (This is where the iPhone market has an edge over Android, third party vendors on accessories can design to adapt to the slight changes of a single line of phones and the phone supplier actually considers that in transitioning form factor.)  With the ATRIX 4G no longer sold by AT&T; I moved to online purchasing.I first tried to replace the touchscreen digitizer using a YouTube tutorial published by Repairs Universe, the supplier of the digitzer.  BEWARE!  Not until you go to put it back together do you find there is NO SUCH VIDEO showing you how to, and googling will show the many who have gone before you in their failed attempts and ultimately ruined the new part (which is really easy to do).  The supplier's guidance?  &#34;Just do the reverse of the take apart video&#34; ... NOT!  I'm pretty handy with electronics, and it is definitely not a job for a non-pro.  Not to mention the quality of the part was substandard (you could see lines on the touchscreen when the phone is off). $60 some buck down the tubes.Then I decided to save a few bucks and bought a phone on eBay that was advertised as &#34;MINT&#34;, and sure it was cosmetically perfect, but several features didn't work and I finally determined it was because the seller had upgraded to ICS OS which the ATRIX is not compatible with (be aware of that before you purchase one if upgrading to ICS important to you -- it's not currently to me.)  I was not able to use this phone, or get the downgrade to GB OS to work.So that's why I'm here.  I decided to pay the premium and buy a brand new after market ATRIX 4G from a highly rated seller on Amazon.  What I expected was to get an exact replacement for the phone I had, but I didn't quite get that.  Yes, this phone has GB installed and everything was new-in-box.  Yes, the features I absolutely need all work.  But the phone was built for the Asian vs. US market (based on the firmware version 45.31.0.MB860.AsiaRetail.en.03). What I got was an older version of GB OS (2.3.4) with no OTA updates enabled, cheaper construction of the phone (evident in the brittle polymer on the SD card band and cheaper plastic of the body) and power cord plugs for non-US electrical outlets.  Sure it came with an adapter, but this projects the charger plug about four inches out from the wall!  Of course I still have my old chargers so that's not critical, but I did pay a premium for new everything.Overall I am happy with the performance of my new phone.  The fingerprint reader actually works better than my old one (gets it right on the first swipe most times), and I've no performance issues of running on an older version of the OS.  The only thing I have not been able to restore to my old ways is the email notification icon ... and it really does bug me.  The icon is red, and it looks way to much like the missed call notification icon.  I really really want my gray back, and I've searched for a solution on the Android forums with no luck.  I'm sure I will get used to it, since in my searches I found plenty of complaints about the 2.3.6 upgrade taking away the brilliant red notification and replacing it with the dull gray.  We get used to stuff, which is why I've spent so much effort replacing by ATRIX 4G rather than jumping on the next new thing!I really don't know if there are any &#34;new&#34; phones left that were built for the US market, so maybe this is as good as it gets?  Overall I'm happy I am not dealing with resurrecting my ATRIX anymore.  Not sure what I'll do when this dies ... I know I'm just delaying the inevitable &#34;upgrade&#34;.

I NEVER RECEIVED MY PHONE FROM YOUI SENT IN AN EMAIL PRIVATELY & ANOTHER WAS SENTTHE SCREEN IS CRACKED & THE PHONE KEEPS RESTARTING TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY.INTO BLINDLY,I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM OFF OF AMAZON AGAIN,I SWEAR I WANT MY MONEY BACK

Motorola MB860 Atrix 4G is a great phone but does not compatible T-Mobile.

I liked the features that it offered, but the phone(my just mine) was not durable.  Some places on the screen does not respond to touch and I have to rotate the phone  to complete some tasks and some I can not access.  For example, when texting, jolding the phone vertical I can use some letters and then turn it horizontal to use other letters.... dont text much because of that.  I like the fingerprint scanner, speed, and everything else it offers though.

Good phone, very smart. A lot of applications in android. I like it. Good phone. Very good phone. Good good.

When I first bought my Android Matrix phone, I loved it. I took very good care of my phone and did not break it, drop it from any great height, or incur any water damage. After six months, I sent it in to AT&T; for a new phone because suddenly nothing I did on my phone had volume. Luckily, the phone was still under warranty so they replaced it.I though nothing of it until six months into my new replacement phone the wireless stopped working. Instead of any wireless connections options, the phone wifi feature under settings will simply say error. Google "Android Matrix Wifi error" and you will see what I am talking about. The issue has been made apparent to Motorola in over 3,000 complaints on Motorola online support forums and yet nothing has been done to fix it. In fact, according to one user in a online Motorola technical support forum I read, the Android Matrix is now the number one phone returned to AT&T; centers due to technical difficulty. I spent over three hours on the phone with AT&T; customer service who referred me to Motorola customer service. Motorola customer service's only fix was to tell me how to do a hardware reset on the phone. In fact, despite doing the hardware reset twice, it didn't work and actually made the problem worse. Now, instead of just having a phone that can use my data plan and not any wireless networks, I now have a phone that randomly restarts itself every ten minutes.When I explained the problem to Motorola customer service, they wanted over 100 dollars to fix the phone. Newsflash, as you can tell the phone is only worth around 100 dollars. Plus, due to the sheer amount of people that are having the same issues as I am, I do not understand why I have to pay for an error that obviously has something to do with the phone's programing and not user error. If Motorola will not stand by their products, I am switching brands.Also, around the same time the wifi on my second phone broke, a piece fell out of the headphones so that I can no longer plug any headphones into my phone at all. Now that I have a phone that can't be used as a music player and can't be used to surf the web on the wireless internet I pay for. Essentially, after six months expect your smart phone to turn into a glorified brick that sucks money.Bottom line, I have owned two of these phones and I can tell you that this is not a sound investment. If Motorola will not fix an issue that makes the phone unusable after six months, take your money somewhere else.

I'm a corporate smart phone user and IT Director of my company.  Consequently, I actually oversee the cell phones for our company and get the chance to try out a lot of good phones.  To date, the Atrix has been the best I've ever used (that includes iPhones by the way).  I don't dictate what phones our users carry because I see that as a personal choice; I just make suggestions as to which phones work best with our backend systems.  Because of this openness, I see almost every high-end phone that hits the market at some point.  The Atrix has been the best up until the recent release of the Atrix 2!  Both are excellent phones.I use AT&T; Premier to manage our phones and one of the benefits is I sometimes get new phones before the actual release date; that was the case with the Atrix.  I got my hands on mine a week or two before the official release and I have nothing bad to say about it.  When it first released, there were a couple of annoying limitations that either AT&T; or Motorola had implemented.  For one, they had disabled the standard Android side load feature and the other was a limitation on the hot spot feature that caused it to only work when the phone had a 3G connection.  A subsequent firmware update removed both issues.  Neither issue was a major concern for me (I could still use Android ADB to load apps and I am almost always in a 3G area when I need to use the hot spot) so I was very happy with the phone and even happier with later improvements.  The only other somewhat negative attribute of the phone to me was that the back plate was very slick when I first got the phone.  I'm a person who basically never drops my phone but I dropped this one twice early on because it was so slick.  My previous phone was the Nexus One which had a rubberized feel and I had to get used to the Atrix's case.  Again, not a major issue; I mentally and physically adjusted to the phone and haven't dropped it since.  Plus, over time, the back has gotten a little scuffed which resulted in nullifying the slick factor.I didn't read all the other reviews here but I did notice that most of the key features are covered, system specs and such.  I'll try to avoid repeating stuff that has already been covered and give you my impressions and responses to some negative comments I've seen concerning this phone.  At the time I'm writing this, I've been using the phone for well over six months and know it very well.This phone is an excellent phone and at the time of release, was in my opinion, the best Android phone on the market... possibly even the best cell phone on the market.  Obviously, I haven't used every phone available but of the many that I have used, the Atrix takes the top spot.  The specs of the phone were a step above everyone else at release and it has been an excellent phone.  The call quality is great and operation is smooth and very robust.  I have a bad ear and have struggled for years to find a phone that is loud enough for me to use comfortably; this has been an issue for me pretty much ever since the industry switched over to digital cell phones.  The Atrix is the first phone I've had in years that I have no problems hearing; it is quite loud enough for me to use comfortably.  And other than the two issues I listed above (which were corrected), this has been the ideal phone.Some people complain about the camera on this phone.  I find the camera to be perfectly adequate.  I don't buy a phone for its camera and there's probably not a phone on the market today that doesn't have a camera that would satisfy me.  I know others put more stock in cameras than I do and that's their prerogative.  The phone takes very good photos and the video is very good as well.  I have no complaints here.I've heard people complain about the battery life of this phone.  Well, the battery life is actually one of the areas where this phone absolutely shines!  I've been using smart phones for a long time and as long as they'll get through a full day without dying, I'm satisfied with them.  Every smart phone I've had and/or setup or supported over the years has had to be charged every day (with one exception besides the Atrix).  This is usually a shock for feature phone users who get their first smart phone because feature phones can usually run for several days on a single charge.  The difference is that smart phones are constantly updating over the internet throughout the day which drains the battery and most have massive touch screens these days that also drain the battery; so, you pretty much need to charge them daily.  Very few will run for 24 hours and most will die well before the 24 hour mark; but I regularly get 36+ hours of life out of my Atrix and that's without using the night saver mode.  I still usually charge it every night, but when I forget, I don't worry too much because I've only completely ran it dry once or twice since I've had it.  Most of the time, it's still running when I plug it in at bedtime the second night; that's roughly 40 hours!  That's pretty awesome from a smart phone.  Keep in mind that battery life is totally dependent on how it is used and each person will have a different experience but I can say without a doubt that this phone has one of the best, if not the best, performing battery on the market.However, I have helped several people who complained about the battery life on this phone and they weren't exactly wrong in their complaints.  What I found is that if you don't fully charge the phone when you first get it, before initializing it the first time, whatever your battery level is at the time you set up the phone will be the max you'll get out of it.  The phone apparently assumes the phone is fully charged when you set it up and the battery manager uses that initial charge level as the base level for a 100% charge.  This may have been corrected in a later firmware update.  But using the initial firmware the phone shipped with, if the phone was at 40% when you set it up, it would show 100% after the configuration was complete and start counting down from there.  I have read comments from other users who state that the battery manager will adjust itself over a series of charge cycles.  But if you will charge the phone to 100% before you configure it, I've found that you won't encounter this issue.  If you already made this mistake, you can correct it by charging the phone overnight and then do a factory reset (Settings/Privacy/Factory Data Reset) while it is 100% charged.(Notice:  Performing a factory reset will erase everything on the phone; you'll lose any text messages and call history and anything else that you don't have backed up somewhere else, including apps.  I find resetting an Android phone to be a simple task because I can quickly reload the apps I use and I don't really care if I lose old texts or the phone logs.  My contacts and e-mail are all restored when I reconfigure the phone.  There is always a period of reconfiguring apps and custom settings that can take a little time but I don't find it to be much of a hassle.  You should be aware of what will happen before you do a reset and make a backup if you are concerned about losing anything important.)Another area I see people put down about this phone is the screen.  They usually compare it to an iPhone and say it looks washed out or something along those lines.  It doesn't look the same as an iPhone to be sure; but the screen looks great to me.  And the automatic backlight brightness management on this phone is better than any other I've ever used; most of the time I turn them off and manage the brightness manually because phones usually do such a poor job managing the brightness themselves; but I leave the Atrix on automatic and never have a complaint.  I've compared the Atrix to an iPhone while outside in bright sunlight and while I've never seen an LCD perform well in this situation, the Atrix does seem to be more usable in sunlight to me.The Atrix runs MotoBlur and a lot of people complain about Blur.  This is probably the biggest complaint you see about Motorola smart phones in general.  The Atrix is the first MotoBlur phone I've used for any period of time but I replaced a Nexus One with the Atrix and can say confidently that there is very little difference between MotoBlur and the stock Android interface.  A lot of people prefer HTC's Sense UI over both the stock Android UI and MotoBlur but I've always liked the stock interface better myself and I found the version of MotoBlur that the Atrix runs to be pretty darn close to stock.  There are definitely a few customizations but I've not seen anything to complain about.  Motorola apparently reduced the MotoBlur impact before the Atrix came out so I can't argue about MotoBlur of the past, but the Atrix has a nice clean user interface.  Keep in mind that user interfaces are subjective and everyone has their own ideas about them; this is just my opinion.  And MotoBlur's Exchange integration is one of the best I've seen.  I used to use TouchDown because I didn't like the stock Exchange e-mail app that Android provides, but the Atrix messaging app is excellent.Another area of complaint is bloatware.  Bloatware consists of apps that the carriers puts on phones to push their services and some manufacturers will install their own apps as well.  This phone does have some; but almost all of it can be uninstalled under Settings/Applications.  That's a nice touch and a change from past experiences.  There are a few that can't be uninstalled but I haven't had any issues with any of them.  I don't use them and they don't take up much space; so I tend to forget they're even there.I've seen comments from people claiming that the Atrix is cheaply made and they usually compare it to an iPhone or possibly a Nexus One or some other popular phone when saying this.  I disagree; I find it to have a solid, quality feel about it.  And having dropped it pretty badly a couple of times (once it hit my foot while I was walking and was kicked across a room to land on a concrete and tile floor), it came through without a scratch!  One of my co-workers and a few of my personal friends who use iPhones have dropped them only to see them shatter when they hit the floor.  I know one guy who has had that happen twice!!!  In my opinion, the Atrix has a good solid design and the Atrix 2 only improves on that build.All in all, in my opinion, the Atrix is an exceptional phone.

Un tel&eacute;fono con buen hardware, lamentablemente viene con una versi&oacute;n de Android muy vieja (2.3) y llevarlo a 4.0 o 4.1 puede ser un poco complicado cuando no dominas mucho la materia. Dise&ntilde;o simple y pr&aacute;ctico.

el tel&eacute;fono al parecer tiene una versi&oacute;n de Android desactualizada, no pose&iacute;a play store y al descargarla no reconoce el tel&eacute;fono por una incompatibilidad con la versi&oacute;n de Android. He tenido que llevar el tel&eacute;fono a t&eacute;cnicos para la actualizaci&oacute;n de software.

Prior to owning my ATRIX I had owned a Motorola Razr. I loved my Razr, it was always dependable and everything always worked on it. One day the inevitable happened and it fritz-ed out and died. Based on what I knew about the Motorola phones by experience. I did my research on what Motorola was offering through my carrier. I did not consider other brands because I had either personally had a bad experience with them, or a family member had a bad experience with them. In the end I came up with the ATRIX as the android based 4G phone to get. I stopped into my friends AT&T; store and against his attempts to get me into another phone, I purchased the ATRIX and renewed my contract for another 2 years.I had never owned a 4G phone before and there is a learning curve to get used to the features they offer and how to use them. I liked the idea of an App market place where a variety of android based applications was readily available. I had my ATRIX for about 3 months and all seemed well. I was at a picnic and was waiting for the festivities to start and decided to try out my new App for learning German. I had a full battery, and went at it. After several lessons, the phone would freeze. I was forced to remove the skin and pull the battery to get out of it. This continued to happen, and as time went on it became more frequent. It finally got to the point where the phone was unusable. Everyone was telling me to lose the App, so I removed it. I decided to download a few games instead. A short time later I had another opportunity to spend some time and tried playing the games. The same thing happened that did with the German language App. After a short time of playing the phone would freeze. Removal of the skin and battery was required. Freezing occurred more frequently as time went on. Then one evening I placed the phone on the charger and left it for an over night charge. The next morning I took the phone and left for work. A few hours into the day I noticed that the phone was beeping and when I checked it it was indicating that the battery was low and it needed to be charged. That evening when I got home I put it on the charger and left it charge over night. The next morning when I checked the phone it was very warm and although the screen said it was charging, it was frozen. I decided to take it back to the AT&T; store.The AT&T; store replaced the phone for me instead of forcing me to deal with AT&T; returns and getting a re manufactured one in return. I set this phone up and downloaded my Apps again including the German language App. The phone worked fine. I thought this was the end of the problems that I had just gotten a defective phone. NOT! At about the 1 year anniversary of my owning the phone I noticed that the battery would drain within a few hours. I would leave it on the charger over night and never get a 100% full battery, and by the time I got home around dinner time it was a red flashing sliver. I was not happy and did not want to have to buy a new battery for this phone already. I nursed it along for a few months like this, until one day I dropped the phone and the skin popped off and the battery fell out. I put it back in and snapped the skin back on. From that point the battery charged fully, and did not run out within a few hours. But, this only lasted a few days until the battery drain issue appeared again. I have to remove the skin and battery, and then charge and it would be fine for a few days to a week at a time. This cycle still occurs to this day. Now other symptoms are appearing. The phone will not ring when the ringer is ON and volume UP. I'll get no messages either, and my wife will jump on me for never answering my phone or messages. The phone is now possum freezing. It looks like it's working, you can slide the lock over and select the phone function and go to your contacts list and select a number then Call and the Call button goes red like its making the call, but in reality nothing is happening. Again, the removal of the skin and battery will rectify this issue and the messages and missed calls log will immediately appear. Too late.So in conclusion, I like the reception, the phone has always gotten good reception. I have no complaints about dropping calls as its extremely rare. The fit and feel of the phone is solid and durable. When it held a charge properly it would be for days. But the phone has serious issues. Its constant battery and App issues are not only annoying, but an inconvenience. Thankfully its a simple fix, but we should not have to do that. The ATRIX is a big disappointment. My wife recently gave her old Propel to our son and we purchased an iPhone 4S and I have to tell you I am impressed with that phone and the features it offers. I have to wait another year or pay a higher price for an iPhone 4S, so I'll have to try to nurse the ATRIX along for another 10 months before I can get an iPhone 4S. I cannot recommend this phone to someone, its just not reliable.UPDATE 6/8/2012Last evening a major accident was tying up roads to home. My wife was out on the highways and I wanted to give her a heads up. I pulled out the Atrix and it was in Possum Mode again. I've dubbed the term Possum Mode as the phone looks like its on and working, but in reality its locked up. When its in Possum Mode you cannot do anything and you receive no messages or calls. YOu have to pull the skin and remove the battery to reset the phone. I was still constantly getting land line calls from my wife wondering why I was not answering my phone, because the calls were never getting to me due to this turd of a phone. I pulled the battery while driving which was dangerous but there was no pull off so I had to go with it. I pressed the power up button and the Motorola Duel Core symbol came up and there it sat. Frozen again. I had to risk life and limb again trying to pull the skin and battery. I finally got it to start but it hung again on the AT&T; Think Possibilities flash screen. By this time I was home and my wife was not home. I pulled the battery again and finally got the phone to start. I called her and she had seen the back ups and went a different route home and was safe. I sat the phone down and went out to cut the lawn. An hour later I came back and picked up the phone and it was dark. I had to pull the battery again and got it to start finally. It had 1/2 battery charge, but I put it on the charger anyway. After a shower we went out to dinner and when I came home and pulled the phone from my pocket it was dark again. I started it and the Motorola Duel Core flash screen appeared and there it sat. After some time I started getting a modem error and that it was starting RDP which it never did as it was frozen again. This was as far as I got after several attempts at resetting the unit by pressing the reset button in the battery compartment and removal and replacement of the battery. I left it sit that way over night and this morning the phone was 100% dead. I tried to place it on the charger for two hours and its either not accepting a charge or its totally hosed. I'm done with this total turd of a phone. I'm going out this evening and getting an iPhone 4Gs.

Worked for a week then got a modem error.  Tried reloading but could never recover from the error.  I have not had much luck ordering unlocked new phones online.  If it doesn't have a warranty I wouldn't order this.

Let me start saying that this is my first smartphone, so, I can't compare against BB, Iphone, Nokia or any other Android devices.It is important to say that this phone is the AT&T; version (at least the two me and my wife received). Nice, because GingerBread upgrade is already available at motorola site(recommended upgrade).Phone really came unlocked and was delivered on-time. It is connected in Venezuela, usign Movilnet Carrier.So far, phone has no flaws and works as it is intended. Motoblur doesn't seems to be a problem and for regular users, i don't think it's neccesary to root the phone.On screen keyb works good with swype (faster than regular physical keyb), even if it needs some practice.The only feature i still didn't test is GPS.So far, transition to smartphones has been a great experience thanks to this phone.GOOD:- Big Screen and outstanding colors. But Samsung S2 has a bigger and slightly brighter one. That makes S2 harder to handle.- Great processor, video an RAM that allow touch screen and multi gestures to be very fluid. Again, S2 has a bigger processor (for 200$ more).- GingerBread already available by the manufacturer.BAD:- Because of his size, is not easy to hold as a phone (for people used to regular phones).- Screen is a print magnet (but swype works better with not so clean screen). I think all touchscreen device will have this CON.- Is mandatory to be aware of Battery level(As most smartphones). Manufacturer suggests to charge it daily, but with regular to low use, it can last even two days.

I love this phone it's so fast and easy to use and the battery life is great.Iam well pleased with my purchase.

Before purchasing, i searched extensively about smartphones and finally after much thought finalized Motorola Atrix 4G.It was unlocked as mentioned and came in ordinary box('Motorola' was written on the box). The delivery was fast.So far phone is working great and i am loving it. The only thing is that it will be better if they provide HEADPHONES with the box!

This is the 2nd New Atrix 4G Model "MB860" cell phone I have bought that proved to be defective. This phone had problems from the start (as did the first one I bought) . It powered up at first but then the touch screen was not recognizing any attempts to touch the screen or navigate when suddenly it does. Like the first phone, when the phone first seemed to respond, it would then freeze up. On top of that neither phone was able to charge their battery which finally lead to a dead phone blank screen even when plugged in and charging. Ultimately I spent hours on the phone with Motorola's Tech. Support to no avail, they talked me through every trick in the book even trying to do a "Factory Reset" and NO Response! Ziltch, Nada, Kapute! They concurred the phones (at least the two I got) were defective. By the way, Motorola no longer carries model " MB860" ! Hmmm? And for the record, I even tried a new battery and it didn't work. For those who love this phone "More power to You" I hope the phone continues to work well. (Any problems with this phone lies with the Manufacture, NOT THE SELLERS)  So I'll say, Thank You Amazon for Your return policies and for Your understanding Sellers who gave me full refunds. I've had good luck with the Sellers I chose, but whenever possible I try to buy items that are Sold or Fulfilled by Amazon, That way it minimizes any risk when it comes to refunds. Remember if You buy from Amazon and it doesn't work you can always return it. So who knows, You may be one of those who say the phone works great. The question is, "Are You feeling Lucky?" As for myself...."once bit twice shy?", "TWICE BIT, GOOD BYE !" I'm spending the extra Money and buying a  "Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos Gt-i9082 Blue (Factory Unlocked) I9082 , Dual Sim ,8gb" it has a 5 inch screen, better 8 pixel camera, up to 64G storage capacity with the micro SD card, and Dual Sim, and yes it's Unlocked , it's 3G instead of 4 but unless your a Serious Gamer You won't notice the difference.I hope this review is helpful!

Motorola Atrix 4G , funciona perfecto en Costa Rica, tiene buena pantalla de 4" la imagen es n&iacute;tida.- Pantalla grande, salida Hdmi, camara frontal, no es demasiado grande, tiene lo tengo funcionandocon una rom de cyanogen mod 7 , llamada Neutrino  overlockeado a 1.3 GHZ es un sabor !!!!Los juegos corren que da gusto.16GB internos expandiles con una sd de 32  y tendrias al final 48GbNada que envidiarle a ningun samsung y mucho menos a un iphone  .El material es de pl&aacute;stico y el cel no se siente pesado ni mucho menos es muy ergon&oacute;mico, esquinas redondeadasmuy buen acabado.

I know that this phone is powerful, and that you might be tempted because of it's current price.but don't be fooled, I have purchased the Atrix 4G a little over a month now, and I can honestly say that if you don't mind carrying multiple batteries or the charger with you all the time, then is phone it's not for you.The biggest problem I had with it was it's battery life, I mean this thing comes with battery (BH5X)rated at 1500 Ma/h that does not last more than 6 hours, I have tried a different one and the results were exactly the same, even with little to no use it will not last more than 10 to 12 hours. but we are talking having battery saver mode on battery saver, which disconnect data sync after 15 minutes of inactivity throughout the day and night, brightness on auto and dim enabled. even with all that the battery had been draining quick. so if you browse the web, watch videos,take photos and play games constantly, you will have to plug in this phone like every few hours if not sooner. I hope this review will warn anyone who is looking forward into buying this phone. but apart from that the phone's screen looks amazing, takes decent pictures ( Not very well under low light conditions) and plays games like Nova 3 as good as a game console. Mainly because of the Tegra 2 processor it has.

The phone itself seems like it would be good. But I never really got to try it out due to the terrible customer service and faulty phone. My phone did not come installed with the google play app so it is virtually impossible to download any apps to my phone.

If you plan to use this phone unlocked, buy it from World Wide Distributers.If you don't have internet and plan to use wifi, on the set up screen hold the menu button to bring up the keyboard.Press this in order: [?123] key then [alt] key then [?123] key then [E]key. Do two times then type bluroff.Everything works without internet through wifi and when there's no wifi everything works except for social networking and other internet relates apps. GPS, SMS, MMS, apps (games like angry birds, and Galaxy On Fire 2) work, etc.The dual core 1 ghz processor with  the NVIDIA TEGRA 2 allows for HD playback and smooth graphics when playing Tegra zone games. The 1GB of ram also allows for better multitasking allowing you to run about twice as much apps than other smartphone.If you don't like the motoblur interface you can install the rom "gingerblur" if you want stock gingerbread.The phone has a very high quality and sturdy feel, under the battery cover the is metal around the camera and and a metal frame. You will not regret getting this phone. Even though the processor is 1ghz it's faster than the 1.2 ghz dual core qualcomm chipset on the htc Sensation 4G. If you want a nice case get one from TPU.TPU-Cases High Gloss Black Flexible TPU Cover Skin Phone Case for Motorola Atrix 4G (AT&T;) [TPU-Cases Retail Packaging]

The phone is not bad its light and it is a good size, but..... mine has a case on it and there is no damage done to the screen but for some reason there are dead spots on my screen that dont work and that makes it hard to text and search for things and to play games. The areas that dont work ote the (t, g, v) the only way they work is if the phone is sideways but that just means there is different spots on the screeb that doesnt work. And the battery for some random reason my battery stops at two different spots it can ether be at 70% or at 90% witch really sucks for long days with no charger because by 4:00 pm after being unpluged at 8:00am it is already down to 30%

I just bought this phone off craigslist because my S4 broke. I paid $100 for the phone and lapdock and I feel like I wasted my money. The touchscreen is absolute garbage. It works properly maybe 10% of the time. I constantly have to lock it, wipe the screen, and unlock it in order to get it to register what I'm trying to do. It's extremely frustrating. The camera also won't open over half the time. This phone is a piece of junk. Last motorola I buy.

Cell phone is an excellent, very fast and works very well with movistar Venezuela excellent graphics and android works great!

The Atrix 4G is indeed a top-notch Smartphone without doubt ! It is a fantastic piece of hardware with a very responsive screen.Could anything have been done differently for this phone ? Yes, may be a metal casing instead of a plastic casing would have served this iconic phone better. Also a few more color variants including one in White would have been great !

I wanted a good smartphone, but didn't want to spend that much.This Motorola Atrix is exactly what I wanted. Fast Android OS.Although the screen is not as good as the Galaxy S2 o S3, it is a very good phone...and a lot cheaper.I'm very happy with this purchase.

When I first saw the Atrix, I was mesmerized and had to wait a few months to get my hands on the phone. The specs of the Atrix is awesome and I have hope that the phone will live up to the promise that has been made. I have never used an Android phone before this one, but have used the Iphone since it came out and have the Iphone 4. I have used the Palm III, treo, BlackBerry ect... you get the point.What comes with the phone? You get the phone, USB cord, A wall plug and the HDMI cable, instruction manual and battery. Everything one need to step off into the Atrix Android world.One thing the iPhone user will notice that the Android software is more difficult to use. It may take a few hours just to get the basics down, but after the few hours a whole new world starts to open up. Unlike the Iphone who's software is easy to operate, the more you learn about Android, the more powerful the phone becomes.Just a quick comparison Iphone 4 VS Atrix, the Iphone 4 display is way clearer and the screen is a little more responsive. The Artix has a user replaceable battery and the phone can be taken a part and fix for a lot less money than the Iphone. Now, I have never tried to take apart either phone, but the instructions and professional review of the taken down is on line.One thing I would like to say is that the finger print reader works very well.The world of Apps...In Apps, Apple wins. Not much else to say there. The Apps that I use mostly are iHeart Radio (does not work on Atrix), Scrabble (Not found on Android store), Farkle (Android has but quality is lacking), Bloomberg and Fox News.Wall Paper...Android leaves Apple in the dust. The active wall paper cannot be beat by apple, you can have multiple home screens with live wall paper. I love knowing the time, temperature and forcast. If you are like me, the Android system, cannot be beat.Ease of use...Apple is a lot simpler to use. Just like pen and paper is easy, but if you are in the computer world, than a pen and paper just won't due, and this is where the Android system comes in. I cannot honestly say which system is best, Android or IOS. If you want simple, but lacking power, Iphone is the way. If you are a person who likes to play, Android is the choice.Display:The display is bright and colorful, but the diplay is not nearly as nice as the iPhone 4. The lack luster display is noticed especially noticed when reading texts and PDFs.Camera and Flash:The camera takes pretty good pictures. The LED flash works really good. I was able to take a picture in a nearly dark room and the subject came out clear and in focus. The LED flash filled the entire room. As a side note, there is a forward facing camera. I have not used and more than likely won't.Speaker:Very loud and clear when using to make calls, talk radio and listening to music. It is a small speaker so you will not get a lot (if any) bass from this little speaker.Operating System:I have never used Android before, so I have ability to describe between the Android, the Moto Blur, and if ATT messed it up I can't tell. The user of the Atrix must use the one app store that ATT backs, and the icon for the store comes preloaded. It would be nice to have more access to more stores, like Amazon, but if you get this phone, you are going to be stuck. The few apps that I have downloaded all seem to work fine and most of them were free. It would be nice it ATT did not pull the apple store garbage with this phone though.The Atrix comes loaded with lots of software, commonly known as bloatware, but you get a lot of it. The software that runs on the computer is called "Motorola Media Link", this is kind of like "iTunes" in the sense that the Media Link software is a way for your computer to communicate with the Atrix. This nifty program will take you itunes music (Not DRM protected) and place the music on your new phone. You can also transfer your pod casts too. The Media Link is automatic and does not need to be messed with. I had no problems with the installation or use of the software. The Software is stored on your phone and will try to load on any computer that the Atrix is hooked up to.Some of the really things about the Atrix that I like is the Micro SD slot (32BG max) for added memory and the user can remove the battery without having to go find apple support. I was also able to keep my unlimited data package, although a lot of AT&T; customers have not been so lucky. AT&T; also offers their $5.00/ month warranty on the phone as compared to the Iphone, and you do not have to hook the phone up to a computer the first time you use it. You do need to sign up for a MOTO account, nut it only takes a few seconds and you are able to use you new cell phone.Things I do not like. I do not like the feel of the phone. My Iphone 4 feels better constructed and feels like it will not easily slip out of my hands, unlike the Atrix. I have not yet dropped the phone. The battery seems to take a long while to receive a charge too.Big minus for the phone is the Lap top that you can purchase with the phone. I cannot see why I should spend 400.00 for the "dock" that is nothing but an empty screen. And then you have to pay ATT and extra ten per month for "tethering" the dock that is nothing but a screen to you phone. The price is too high for the extra ten you have to pay per month. You can can get a netbook that has more power and does more things for the same price.Why did I give the Atrix only 4 stars? The Atrix is a good phone, but the lack luster construction of the phone and the steep learning curve do not make up for the other great features that the phone has to offer.With the construction set aside, you cannot just load apps on your new phone. Like Apple, you can only purchase your apps from the included application on the phone. One reason for me gettig rid of my Iphone was the Apple store that you have to use. Well, thanks to AT&T;, the owners ofthe Atrix are stuck too. You cannot side load applications eigther. A real star looser for me.Update: 02/28/2011:I have now used the Atrix for a few days so it was prudent to give an update.Battery life:The battery life is not to great. After getting the battery at 100%, I then took the Atrix to chuch where I used Bible Reader app as my bible. At the end of Sunday school and main service, the phone was down to 60%, after the evening service, the phone was down to 10%. Lack luster battery life is normal. The Iphones have poor battery life, and the Atrix bettery life is even shorter. There is a lot of heat build up during use and when charging. The phone charges slowly when charging from a computer USB with the display off, and does not charge at all it seems with the diplay on. I purchased a Micro USB car charger and it works wonderfully.GPS Function:I do not use the AT&T; navigation, but the "Navigation" function that comes with the phone. The Android device does a wonderful with the GPS. Apple's GPS function and mapping capabilty always made the Apple Iphone a lst choice in trying to use as a GPS. The Android does a very good job with GPS, it is not on the level with a stand alone Garmen, but I do use a GPS alot to find customer houses and I would not hesitate to use the Atrix as my main GPS device. The GPS also has an option to use voice for the inputing of an address. It does work faily well, but the voice input for a destination (restraunt name)does not work as well.When traveling to your destination, you can turn the screen of the GPS off and you will still get voice commands. If you are using the media player function through your cars stereo system, the music will mute and the directs will come through your car speakers.DLNA ServicesIf you are like me, you have tons of videos sitting on your hard drive or network attached storage. The Atrix will find the media and play the media. I was able to stream several videos of differing formats with no problems at all. Honestly, I really do not think you will be uising the device as a 3" television set, but it does work. Apple does the same thing, but you must have iTunes and/or AppleTV.A nifty little function that I have notice after owning the phone for several weeks, the DLNA service will try and link to your home media server where you are within the range of your "in house" network..Ring Tones:You can use and song or sound loaded on your phone as a ringtone. Easy to use, and it is free.Update 3/9/2011I tried to get Netflix on the phone and much to my surprise, Netflix does not have an App for the Android devices yet. So as an Atrix user, I am stuck paying an extra ten dollars to AT&T; for their TV service. According to sources on the internet, Android will have an App adventually but it will be a marketed to new phones. You will see the phones labeled as "Nextflix compatable". BummerUpdate 03/16/2011Phone is still owrking great. Had to turn the phone off and then back on yesterday. For some reason the phone would not update web based apps like stock market, bloomberg and weather. Turning the phone on and off solved the problem. I also purchased the otterbox defender for the Atrix... sweet phone case.The Atrix does appear to have better reception when placing calls. i could not make a phone call at my work using the Iphone 4 but no problems with the Atrix.Update 3/23/2011Took the phone on a trip of several hundred miles to see how the GPS would function, the phone did a great job. The phone did stop responding when trying to accomplish several tasks quickly. I was not able to turn the phone off to reset the phone. I actually had to take the battery out. You can look at that problem as a possitive and negative. The battery had to be removed to reset the phone, but at least the battery is user accessible unlike the iPhone.The phone was plugged into the 12 volt power in the car, no problems with the phone over heating or even the phone filling warm to the touch.I am pleased to announce that iHeart radio now works.4/3/2011 UpdateI have updated the firm ware in the Atrix to 4.1.57 a couple days ago. The firmware update does help a lot with the battery not lasting. I can now get 1.5 days of use out of a full charge instead of having to monitor the battery constantly, and keeping the Atrix plugged in while at work.ATT bandwidth problem is still there and the radio inside the Atrix is still disconnected thanks to ATT, but the update coming in April is supposed to fix those issues.4/21/2011 Update:Still waiting for the AT&T; update that is coming out this month. Phone is working wonderful. No major problems.If you read the complete summary above, you may notice that I included that the phone feels like it would easily slip from my hands. The phone has on several occasions slipped from my hands, but i have been able to catch the phone before it plunged to the floor. Good thing I have the AT&T; warranty.I did some side by side tests to see if the Iphone was faster loading/running programs than the Atrix. The Iphone maybe a little faster. I have run into CPU speed issues with the Iphone 4 that I have not seen in the Atrix. So my conclusion on the speed of the phone CPUs with launching and running application is this; while the Iphone does appear to launch programs faster most of the time, but running the programs (apps), the Atrix appears to be a constant and steady winner. When Android 2.3 comes out it should make better use of the dual core processor.

Excelente conditions, 100% funcional, nice phone, all what i expected with the purchase of this item.Arrived in estimated time.

I like its sleekness but it can be a real pain sometimes. It keeps heating up for no reason. After using it for a couple of months now i think i will keep it like that.

This phone is nothing special. It is your average entry level phone for the price. I got this as a cheap replacement when I broke my Galaxy SII. Overall, I would say it is a solid little phone but does not have any sort of wow factor for it. Sometimes it feels sluggish and crashes. Overall, I wouldn't buy this product again, but it is fantastic to have as a backup.UPDATE: One year later the touch screen is going crazy. It is registering nonexistent touches which makes texting and use nearly impossible. Dropped to two stars, I still wouldn't recommend this product.

Don't get me wrong, its a good phone, I was just expecting more out of it. Performance and smooth interface is lacking, but thats the only downside.

its fast with alot of onboard memory a must have phone and for the right price range you must get this phone

I really dont understand how this phone got 5 star ratings. It unexpectedly shuts off on its own, freezes ALOT, likes to add random letters after numbers typed on the qwerty keyboard, battery does not last that long, many web sites do not work, music player sometimes skips like a cd whoch makes no sense, i could go on and on. At&t is not what i thought it would have been. Not happy with this phone or service. Cannot wait until my contract is up so i can dump this pile of garbage.

I bought this as my way to get into &#34;Smart-phones&#34;.  It is simple to use other than I'm not a huge fan of Moto-blur and the home screen is rather overtaken with moto-blur message screens.  Other than that the phone works fine one issue is that the Wi-Fi tends to cut out at rather odd times.  Phone signal is usually strong.

Am the envy of my friends who has iphones and blackberrys. This is the best phone i ever owned. Love the finger print scanner

Al establecer la relaci&oacute;n costo-beneficio obtienes un buen tel&eacute;fono por lo que pagas, excelentes gr&aacute;ficos (HD) y muy r&aacute;pido con el procesador Dual Core, pr&aacute;cticamente una PC de bolsillo.

I have a Nexus 4 on Straight Talk with an AT&T; SIM.  My mother wanted to switch to a pre-paid plan with her current carrier, but she didn't like any of the phones they offered (USCellular).  She tried a couple Verizon based Straight Talk phones, but they did not work at her house in the boon-docks.  Seeing that mine did, but not wanting to spend $300+ on a phone, she asked me to look around to see what she could get.  I found this phone, had her purchase it, and she's been using it ever since (on the same Straight Talk / AT&T; sim plan that I have).It's too bad Straight Talk stopped selling the AT&T; sims...

The phone is good with all the features, but its not sturdy. It works fine for the first year or so and then start having issues. I have been having problem with the Wifi which hasnt worked for past 1 year, and now the touch screen doesnt seem to respond. Need to restart every other min or so. Not worth the price. Very disappointed.

Thank u is a great prone without problems n b n n n b h h b bvb b bbb b b b h

Got glitchy and freezy after a month. Not great for phone calls, texting, or going online. It is heavy duty and fits well in my hand though.

responsive, elegant and very fast, maybe the screen is not as good as other phones but has many other excellent features... i got 2 from different sellers and both came arrive on time, one of them said in the box it include the dock but it hasnt it thoug.

I like the way it looked and worked when it was working on the second day it started powering off by it self this happened three to four times a day .

By the venededor should disclose that it is a phone leberado for the Asian region. Therefore it does not have the same virtues that brings the intercional version, therefore does not bring the spanish and cannot be updated

easy to use semi-smart phone.  bought as backup for my galaxy s3 that is a battery hungry even at standby.

Got this cellphone for my fiancee to replace a samsung Y, and have not been dissapointed; it is very fast and light, with a big screen (4.0&#34;) a good resolution, it has a very decent camara (5 MP); Only to thing to improve is the battery consumption, but after rooting it and unisntalling all AT&T bloatware it has improved a lot. Bought it unlcoked and usinng it currently in Colombia.

Had this phone for 3,Months now ..and i must say...Its great...simple as that ...Even fell once into water yet came out still running smooth :D

The phone works well.  Big icons, loud speaker, great battery life, fingerprinting scanner.  The downside is the wall charger, which is definitely not made for USA and its 2-prong plug adapter doesn't fit well on the power outlet.

Good phone, great camera, fast, and great price.  Be aware, when upgrading ROMs that this only has an old kernel available right now, and newer ROMs won't have access to certain benefits of the old ROMs.  There is a new kernel in development right now, but it's a very slow process.  Still - can't beat the quality or price.

I bought this phone on March 31, 2012.  Here it is almost 6 months after purchasing the item (September 26th) and I am having battery problems.  The battery will not hold a charge above 90%.  It's gotten to the point where I plug it in at night before bed, take it off the charger at 5:15 am when I wake up, and the phone is telling me my battery is almost dead by 5pm.  I'm giving this product a two star review in that after spending a decent amount of money on the product, I would expect the battery performance to be a quite a bit better after ONLY 6 MONTHS.I do not recommend this product to anyone based on the poor value for the money.

Este motorola &eacute; tudo de bom!!...faz jus ao titulo de um dos melhores smartphones do mundo em 2012...Rapido, preciso...A bateria &eacute; excelente!..

The product wasn't compatible with US sim cards! Had been tampered with, and completely useless...This was supposed to be a Christmas gift. Advertized as new and unlocked. Thanks for ruining Christmas, SCAMMERS!!!!

I love this phone. I have only used it for a couple of weeks now, but I find the features and the user interface great.

I did a lot of research before ordering this phone. The most important things being GSM unlocked (for business travel) and internal storage. It doesn't have the largest touchscreen and it's a little bit dated but the duel core processor and screen resolution make up for that - besides it's gorilla glass.The only thing disappointing at the moment is Motoblur - what idiot at Motorola thought this was a good idea I don't know. I was forced to sign up for an account and every time I change the sim I had to sign in again - it's really annoying. The only way to remove this God-forsaken blight on an otherwise brilliant piece of hardware is using a custom rom, so I'm waiting to see if Cyanogenmod stabilises enough to give it a try.

Device and battery (BH6X) were in new (or very well refurbished) condition. Came unlocked and v 2.3.6 as promised, popped my SIM card in and was up and running in no time. Delivery came one day earlier, that was a bonus. All in all, great device for the price.

I love this phone. I have it for more than a month. I really enjoy it. It does all the things  I expect it to do. Since this is my first smart phone, I don't have any good comparison .

Phone box didnt look new. Definitely not sealed.Battery was not sealed as well!!!The phone itself is OK, and that's the reason I didn't give it a 1-star rating.

Excelente telefono celularPuntos negativos de la compra:1.- Viene con cargador europeo2.- No trae tarjeta micro sd ( otros celulares motorola si lo traen)3.- Audifonos no vienen adecuados para contestar llamadasExcellent cell phoneNegatives of purchase:1 .- It comes with European charger2 .- Do not bring micro sd card (other motorola phones if you bring)3 .- Headphones are not adequate to answer calls

Phone sucks. I called the satellite company explaining I COULD NOT access the internet with this phone nor would it interface with  its docking station. DO  NOT BUY FROM  THIS UPPLIER. I OWN FOUR OF THESE PHONED........ITS NOT user error.

me encanto este celular, es buenissimo. tiene todo... lo de la bateria si que no dura mucho si estas todo tiempo conectado, pero anda muy bien el celular

Good mobile

The item was advertised as "unlocked and ROOTED" among many others to choose from. I paid for an unlocked AND ROOTED phone but it was never rooted and I tried several times to communicate with the seller and although he responded HE HAS YET TO DO ANYTHING other ABOUT IT!!!

In the box... Complete mobile, with dock and wall charger, You can use one at home and one at work.

recommend this phone to everybody, it works so smooth, fast and no problems at all...the unlocked version is trustworthy, however the item received in a AT&T box which made me unconfortable whether it was cracked or not. After then I understood that it is really factory unlocked, very good for the price when I bought it in October but as Iphone 4S has been launched, I think it should have more discount, it's very good for a price under 450.00 $ something.

This product is great and satisfy all my needs. I can read my ebooks share files and listening to music.ProsScreen size an definitionUser experience performanceInternal and external memoryConsSoft keybord too small for my fingers

Very good phone it worked until my son use it and he returns it today with no glass. But it was a good phone

The Motorola Atrix MB860, Real is a good phoneI bought two celular phone but one of them only worked 10 days, The box that sent us is not the originalThe phone seem reconstructed. I don't recommend this.

When I received my phone it was shipped directly from China.  All documentation in the box was in Chinese and I could not read it.  The docking station and charger and other adaptors are not U.S. standards and can&#8217;t be used in America.  When I opened the packet and tried to set up my phone, it was still in Chinese after playing with it for an hour I was able to determine which word stood for settings and how to change it over to English.

Its perfect and very cute, i love this phone. I give this to my mom and my brother take it away from her because its too great. I love it, this is a great choise

Wifi not working!

After 4 years with iPhone, I got rid of Apple and switched to Motorola. I use T-Mobile; and several of my iPhones were giving me too much pain with T-Mobile.I LOVE Motorola Atrix! Super fast! Does more than I need! All the apps I need are there!Took me a few days to find my way around; but with very little pain. I have used many phones from various manufacturers and am pretty savvy with high tech gadgets.I LOVE Navigation that doesn't require any monthly charges! I love music player that is compatible with multiple software packages. I love the picture and video quality. I love the easy way to access all the files on the device.Much less expensive than iPhone, but not a bit behind in performance and functionality.

this is my first smart phone. i like this phone, its fast, its attractive, its made of metal not cheap plastic. the software isn't perfect but its close. its better than iphone because the screen is HUGE :) i would recommend this phone if you don't care about dual core phones but the future of phones is dual core tech. for a non-dual core phone this thing is amazing. :) it one of the best android devices out there....i'm a vampire ;)

That phone is beatifull, works great.  I love it soo much. I highly recommend this product, they will not regret.

I have only one problem with it, eventually reboots itself and has some applications at & t to which I can not agree for lack of an account can help me fix this?

I always buy motorola being from Ill. and never having a problem with one ever. This is my 1st smartphone and it works fine good sound I rarely use my laptop for web browsing any more. Voice commands are good camera decent, plenty of apps fingerprint lock is way cool. Sometimes it does shut down if too many things are running on it but overall just as good as any iPhone and way cheaper. I also put the 30g memory card in mine and the music has more bass than my iPod. Durable as well still recommend buying a $10 case and u good to go.

When I purchased my Atrix  4G in 2011 Motorola was promising upgrades for 18 Months. In Oct 2012 Motorola announced they will not upgrade the Atrix 4G. I would suggest looking at a different phone by a different manufacturer

I contact the seller after 45 days because this cellphone was a gift to my nephew , he only used it a few days and later the screen gets frozen and did not work anymore, the seller says that there was nothing he could do about it. Amazon should not  let them sell this damage items on internet

The phone is advertised as 4G, however after much research, it turns out not to be. While it can operate on the 4G network, it is not truly 4G and there is no 4G indicator that you typically see on most phones. Generally, I like the phone, but it does freeze quite a bit requiring a restart. I called the vendor (Open Group Wireless) and they promised to call me back with some answers, but never did.

Es una gran producto,, rapido,,,economico,,, un gran producto por el precio,,,excelentes aplicaciones. ademas en cuanto a la compra del producto 100% satisfecho

The phone comes as advertised with the brand new cover (and the old one aswell). I almost rate this negative because the screen didnt respond at all on lock screen, but I googled it and somehow find a fix that solved it totally. Nice phone and nice seller.

This is my fourth android phone in last year, one for my cousin, one for me, one for my wife, and actually purchased this one for a friend of mine. The phone works perfectly. Faster than the desire, wildfire and motorola droid 2. The dual core from Nvidia is excellent at running everything. And the phone works great in Latin America (Venezuela) and Caribbean islands as well. There is a lot of bloatware installed by Motorola, that lives on top of the native Android OS, but this has very little lag or delay (despite other user reviews on Youtube). The cpu, ram, memory and visuals, and the screen colors are excellent. I would recommend this phone to anyone, and if the price drops further I will be purchasing another one in this line before Xmas. Android is better than iOS in my opinion (no disrespect, R.I.P. to Mr. Steve Jobs, founder of Apple, who passed away 05Oct11). Take it from a real power user like myself, this phone will not disappoint. And with Google buying over Motorola, I am sure that we will see better products from "M" in 2012.

The unit worked at first, but after a while it started to turn itself off. Looking in the internet, I found this problem happens to several people.Not recommended if you are not in the USA, as Motorola service centers may fix the problem.

Came fully unlocked.Multimedia is awesome on this.  Motoblur is not nearly as bad on this device as it is on others (much less intrusive).I am unhappy that Motorola is not releasing ICS for this but that has nothing to do with the phone.Good sound, quick processor, and plenty of storage.

This is the worst phone I have owned and I have been using cell phones since 1998. It will not pick up a signal unless you are withing 300 feet of a tower. It has the weakest radio I have ever encountered in any cell phone.I do not recommend this unless you like being mad at your phone all the time.Going back to my Torch 9800 when I get my new SIM since the Atrix formatted it so it won't work in any other phone any more.Avoid if you value sanity and piece of mind. In an emergency you could always use it to start a small fire to warm your hands.

Not totally unlocked. 3G/4G does not work with the Colombian phone companies. Ony able to use it with EDGE techconlogy.

viene bien empaquetado y es original, nuevo. Sin rayaduras, es un excelente smartphone, muy r&aacute;pido y bastante memoria, lo recomiendo

i am irritated with my motorola atrix 4g which i purchased via best buy 8/2011.Around oct 2012 it would not charge, the screen started freezing and i had very predictable dropped calls when the phone would heat up. My husband has the exact same phone purchased 1 mo after mine. He has 10% the problems i have.sometimes i cannot make telephone calls as the phone freezes up. I purchased the best buy geeksquad insurance plan and they have given me 2 different refurbished atrixes. Best buy geeksquad actually does not repair phones they just sent it back to their dysfuntional motorola warehouse. It is such a burden to go to best buy to get a loaner phone, transer data etc. I have done this process three times. Fortunately att is shipping me samsung galaxy 3 phone. I will be back here reviewing it.

Accessory Distributo&#8203;r is the worse company to order from when I got my &#34;new&#34;  phone I could tell from the jump that it was used. the only way to get a hold of them is email and that is very annoying above all. I had the phone about four months the first month it was turning off a lot the second month it was getting to hot and then this last month it stopped working the touch screen wasn't working any more. its a nice phone and all but it wasn't new so it had a lot of problems this was not a cheap phone I paid 188 dollars for mine I had to send the phone back to them and order a whole new different phone

Second one of these phones I purchased.Loved the first one but dropped it, they will not take being dropped on a hard surface.

The phone was advertized as an unlocked version, but was not able to connect with a Telcel (Mexico) SIM card installed.  Additionally the phone appeared to be refurbished as it was shipped with loose parts in a Motorola knockoff box without any cushioning material.  The phone randomly rebooted several times when trying to load some applications that were already installed.  OS had been updated to Android 2.3.

When I first got the phone I thought it was pretty cool but, then I noticed that it wouldn't work in the middle of the phone. What I mean is the touch screen wasn't glued down properly so that it was sticking up in the middle of the phone so that your finger wouldn't make it work. You had to move what you wanted to deal with up or down so that it would work. Wasn't impressed and sent it back.

e producto no le funciona el flash pienso que es problema del sofware si alguien pudiera ayudar no puedo enviar de vuelta x el costo  esta en garantia

This is a scam! I made the mistake of buying two atrix motorolas this provider, first of all, came scratched, with a "protective film" is not the model, second, came in generic boxes with generecas parts, battery charger and generic and not brought USB cable, one of them is much worse, has a strange stain on the blank screen when it restarts all the time, says error when I want to use the wifi, GPS does not work, I'm very angry! this product is new and not call it at all! I live in Venezuela so I am unable to refund the cost of shipping, things like this damage the reputation of amazon!

Just thought I had to write a review. Got my Atrix yesterday everything has been working great. The setup is really simple - just accept your way through it. Didn't bother to read the manual or see the tutorial and I have figured out where everything is in a day so the interface is really intuitive - something I would expect more from an iphone or more expensive product. Colours and clarity are good - nice for viewing the web - even small text is very distinct. Speed is great everything loads really quickly (perhaps faster than the apple, not sure about Samsung). Sound is decent; haven't tried media player yet. Also like the size - not too large.Super value for money.p.s. the phone does warm up, I suppose the price of the 1ghz processor

The phone is in good condition, but the motoblur blocked me, it can neither skipped nor signed in(It says has clock error, I don't know why). It takes me several hours to update to 2.3.4 to make it work. Anyway, this is a good phone.

I bought this through abe-123.There was the OS update of the maker right after a product came to me.As a result of update, a problem occurred that the phone not to start any function.The factory reset did not act, too.I decided to ask Motorola for guarantee repair.However, the procedure was complicated because I live in JAPAN.Japanese Motorola did not accept repair, and it was necessary to send it to American Motorola.New problem, American Motorola do not send out a repair completion article to Japan.Therefore I got the assistance to store abe-123.At first I asked Motorola to send a repair product to the store and had the store send it to Japan next.It took approximately two months for me from trouble outbreak by the cooperation of this store and was able to complete repair.I am satisfied all with both this product and the customer care of this store abe-123 very much.

This was exactly the dual core beast of a phone I was looking for. Condition could have been better but functionality was excellent. My old Atrix had a better GPS radio though.

I got this phone before android 2.3.7 came out... so i had to download that update.. Texting is fine but you will want to download gingerbread keyboard. If I didn't need to have the immense storage capacity on it for when i travel overseas, i'd have bought something else. Also the Android app killer wont kill your browser you have to go into manage apps and force close to stop the browser from killing your battery.WASTE OF $600. Buy one of the more popular DROID phones. You don't want this.In hindsight, I had a AT&T; Sharp FX (Flo TV) phone before this. I paid over $150 for that phone brand new. SIX MONTHS LATER AT&T; MADE THEM A NEW CONTRACT FREE PHONE. My Sharp FX is only worth $12 now. So lets make this an intelligent thought. $12 x 100% = 1200/$150 = 8%... My Sharp FX is worth 8 percent of its original value. So in one year my Motorola Atrix MIGHT be worth only 8 percent of its original value... so $48. NOT WORTH BUYING.UPDATE 14 September 2012.Had this phone for about a year. It was in the otter box the other week when I dropped it. The screen shattered. I took it to AT&T; and the phone replacement is $125 so im just going to wait for my upgrade because that will be cheaper than replacing this piece of crap. Now the charger port has gotten loose and the phone will not charge overnight. Now that it isnt holding a charge it also died, and wont charge up again. it just sits there blinking the green light at me. About 3 months ago it also started corrupting the SD card.BUY AN IPHONE!

This phone is so awesome, I don't know where to start!SIZE:I'll compare it to iPhones, since it's what everybody seems to want. I have an iPhone 3GS and they're almost same size, the Atrix is just a bit taller (2 mm) and wider (1 mm), although the screen is much larger (4 in, vs 3.5 in on the iPhone).It's thinner than the iPhone 3GS (10.95 mm vs 12.3 mm on the iPhone), not as thin as the iPhone 4 (9.3 mm) and not nearly as incredibly thin as the Samsung Galaxy S2 (8.49 mm)! I've played around with the Galaxy S2, it's amazing, beautiful huge screen and unbelievably thin, but that's another review!DISPLAY:Beautiful 4-inch TFT, qHD (540 x 960 pixels), capacitive multi-touch screen, 16M colors, protected by the scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass! Awesome for web navigation even on non-mobile websites, if you can see well, you'll be able to read anything!BATTERY:Capacity is of 1930 mAh, which is a pretty large battery for a phone. Talk time of about 7-8h, stand-by of about 200-400h (that'll depend on your settings, such as push notifications). I carry one spare battery around, but I'm a heavy gamer (lot's of Galaxy on Fire 2 lately), and you'll probably be too (at least occasionally), once you get to know the awesome power of the Tegra 2 chipset. Even so, I don't usually need the spare, it lasts me my whole work day (I leave home at about 10 AM and return at about 8 PM). Obviously I don't play much during work, but I do use it constantly for check-ins, web navigation, email, google talk, Facebook and Google+. Lots of people complain about battery life, but that's what you pay for having a smartphone with the processing power of a laptop computer.SOFTWARE:Unfortunately, it still packs Android Froyo 2.2 (at least as I write), with no predicted date for an update to Gingerbread 2.3 or Ice-cream Sandwich 2.4. 2.2 is still pretty good, runs very smoothly and has nice features such as WiFi tethering natively. I've never seen Android OS run as smoothly on any other phone as it does on the Atrix, it's beautiful! It comes with Motorola's Motoblur UI, which is pretty interesting, but I did use home replacement Launcher Pro, making it even snappier and quicker.CAMERA:As a photographer and filmographer, I barely use my Atrix's camera, I always carry my Canon around, but it has a 5 MP camera with dual LED flash, autofocus and geo-tagging. It captures video at 1280x720 @30fps and is supposed to have a firmware update that unlocks 1920x1080 recording @30fps. It isn't the best camera I've seen, even on phones... I've tried the Sony Ericsson's Xperia Arc, and it seemed much better than the Atrix, specially in low light situations.It has a VGA front-facing camera which I've barely used, since I've never video-chatted with anyone, but I can let you know that the quality isn't great either.CPU:This is where the Atrix shines the most. It's packed with a Dual-core 1GHz ARM Cortex-A9 processor, ULP GeForce Graphics and the Tegra 2 chipset. It'll run smoothly anything available for Android (as I write)! I've been playing all of the Tegra 2 games, such as Dungeon Defenders, Backbreacker, Fruit Ninja THD, Great Battles Medieval, Pinball HD, Riptide GP, Samurai II Vengeance, Galaxy on Fire 2... am I forgetting any? =PYou definitely need to see Riptide GP and Galaxy on Fire 2, they'll easily blow your PSP out of the water!A lot of people ask me this: yes, it runs Angry Birds... smoother than on the iPhone 4. If that last part got you interested, consider buying spare battery!It has HDMI out, but does not mirror the phone, it simply goes to a sort of media center Motorola has preinstalled, where you can watch your movies, photos and displays album, artist, song title, etc, as you listen to music (great for parties). You can sort of mirror the phone on the Webtop functionality, which is when you dock the phone, plug the dock to an outlet and HDMI out to a TV or monitor. It will run another OS based on Linux where you can run Mozilla Firefox among other things, and you get to see your phone's screen on a window based view. You can maximize your phone view, sort of mirroring it to your TV, but you'll get performance issues on some apps since you'll be running this Linux based OS on top of your Android/Motoblur.You can actually connect a USB keyboard and mouse while connected to the dock, and use it as a desktop PC. Otherwise, you can still connect a bluetooth keyboard to the phone by itself.I'm extremely happy with this phone, I've always dreamt of Android running as smoothly as iOS, and this is how it happens.If you want to know anything else I haven't mentioned, just let me know in the comments section below (YouTube anyone?). ^^

Too bad, the phone is not working well, what can I do in order to claim a warranty,Since I am international costumer I do no khow what to do with this,Thanks

the phone works great. evin on my gophone sim card 3g . itst a great buy  for eny one that whants a good smart phone

The phone it's in great state, and I got it right on time so I'm really happy of the buy i did

The phone itself is phenomenal, as expected.What was not expected, however, was the accessories. It is obviously made for sale in the oriental market, as the wall plugs come with a mountain of adapters just to make them fit in a standard US 110v socket.

Hi! everybody, first i have to say i very glad with the reviews, they are very very helpful when someone like me is trying to find the best phone according to what a i need. I live Venezuela here we have carry GSM (sim card).  The phone carriers like AT&T or T-Mobile???.  Please, if somebody get a minute, answer. Thank u very much

Fatal estafadores, el telefono llego suelto en una caja sin ningun accesorio estaba usado hasta habia fotos y datos de una persona... lo que trajo fue un cargador de la amrca lg y esta rallado y en mal estado

I like this product because has an excellent price, has a very good performance, the size is perfect for better handling on hands and its display is very responsive.  The only thing I do not like is the camera which has a low resolution but cannot ask more for this price!

This is a very nice phone.  I like it so much . I urge those who have some doubt about the product to go for it. It is cool

I have owned this phone for about 3 months now, and there is little about it I would change.  Based upon its technical merits, it is among the best phone designs available.Note:  The upgrade to Android 2.3 is essential for the best experience, which might only be available if you activate it on AT&T.;My only complaint is that the phone is labeled 4G, but the HSPA+ network does not really provide performance comparable to other networks labeled as 4G (i.e. LTE).  You should expect download speeds to be optimally 3-6 Mbps with perfect signal strength, off peak.  Often , the performance is closer to 1.5 mbps.  Check with your carrier to be sure you will get the performance you expect on their network (and that HSPA+ is available in your overage area).On WiFi, I have verified that the phone can handle data rates as fast as 40 mbps.Related:  The multimedia dock is well worth owning, especially if you would like to use a keyboard and mouse to operate the phone (you can also attach a display or TV via HDMI for an even better experience).CONS: Wish it was an LTE phone.  I'm sure there is a version coming that will be.

I bought this phone in October and really loved it until recently.While playing you tube videos sometimes it is observed that the phone freezes, only a hard restartby taking out the battery works. Well, on searching the internet, many other users hasfaced a similar type of problem. This has happened twice in two months.The phone excluding this issue of "YouTube videos" is pretty good, navigation,browser, games etc.. If the issue of you tube is faced too often, then I will have to get thephone replaced. Will let you all know my findings.

The screen display was a bit broken, it has a region more light. Like some white points in the screen. The telephone box was not the original, it seems refurbiched.

Muy buen celular, rapido, muy buena camara el unico problema que le encontre es que es muy complicado actualizar el sistema operativo no actualiza automatico.

i had bought this phone from AT&T, and it worked really well for about 3 months, then my phone began to overheat and drain the battery within twenty minutes. i took it to the AT&T store, and it was replaced. i had the same thing happen to me two more times, upon the third return i was given a samsung galaxy s2 which i have had no problems with.

I have only had this phone for two days and it is my very first touchscreen android phone. So far I absolutely love this phone. Everything is great.ProsAmazingly fast. The dual core processor works great. Sensitivity is standard. Since it is my first touchscreen phone, I was afraid of messing up while texting but the horizontal virtual keyboard makes texting pretty easy. Response is great as well. At first I had some complication connecting to my WiFi but after a router reboot, it worked fine. Video quality for the camcorder is great. I love watching YouTube videos when I am bored. Voice quality is sharp and crisp. Video and picture quality is great as promised. I like this phone set.The Biggest ConsThe biggest problem that I found about Motorola Atrix 4G is that it is a battery hogger. The battery life for this phone is terrible. It doesn't even last me one whole day completely even if I have almost all my background applications, my WiFi, and data turned off.Another major problem that I have to point out about this phone is that it heats up really fast and really hot. I found I Phone 4 providing a better battery performance than Atrix. I fear if this goes on, then I might have to return the phone set.Overall, it is a good phone. Efficient and effective. If only the battery life was longer, then I wouldn't have any complains with this phone.

This phone works as expected. It arrived in time, it was unlocked so I use it with no problems in East Europe.Motoblur seems like a pain in the beginning so just carefully with it.Very nice display!

It's the best phone I've bought so far, I've tried Blackberry Bold 9700, Sony Ericsson P1i, Nokia N900, iPhone 3G ... and I can say with certainty that this is the most comprehensive smart phone, fast and long battery life have ever tasted. I recommend it 101%, in Venezuela works perfectly.

A great cellphone unlocked for any GSM carrier.Fast response, lightweight, great resolution, huge space. Came with Gingerbread.The downside: tethering is locked by AT&T;, so you will need to root it to unlock tether. The best way to do it in my opinion is throught SQLite Editor, so after that you can undo root.

Maybe this is useful for some people that want to buy this phone, i buy it from Cell Lounge Inc and it come it the retail box and with this accesories:Multimedia dock (with this you can use webtop and connect usb devices to the phone, you have to buy the micro hdmi cable)HeadphonePhoneBack battery coverChargerUsb cableThe webtop works great but it's not a substitution of a netbook, the phone is awesome and for this price i think is the better in the market, the only disappointed is that the power's cord's not work in USA you have to buy an adapter to the charger, and a new power cord for the dock, but i buy it for about $3, so this is no a big problem, remember that i buy it from Cell Lounge Inc.

I had to send it back it had some problems with the screen the HTC I send them to Jamaica thay are not work so bad but I will let you know how thay are working out

I did not know that my other phone was not smart until I bought this phone. I don't use a phone much, sometimes not for days. I just went 3 months between battery charges but I think this phone would be a juice hog if it was on all the time, It seems like a quality phone.

Es el tel&eacute;fono mas incre&iacute;ble que he comprado lo aprecio y me hace sentir muy bien me ha servido en varios escenarios tanto de trabajo, acad&eacute;micos, negocios, familiares, en fin es una de las mejores compras que he realizado en amazon, llego con lo que indicaba el paquete desbloqueado, es decir cualquier chip lee, eso es genial, se ha actualizado perfectamente en si todo funciona excelentemente.It is the most amazing phone I purchased it makes me feel appreciated and has served me very well in various settings both work, academics, business, family, finally one of the best purchases I've done on amazon, which came with indicated the package unlocked, meaning any chip reads, that's great, is now perfectly if everything works great.

It is a good device. Problems mostly due to my learning to use it without reading the manual. Brief issue with connecting to wifi that was resolved with a reboot.

I bought this phone to use with my straight talk plan & it works great. Although you'll find that the 4G is throttled down. 3m download 1m upload Max.  Also you cannot use different browsers such as Firefox or Opera on it.  Had to restore factory settings after I installed these.  Fingerprint scanner works ok, sometime take to many swipes to read.  Lots of apps with Google.  Over all a good phone for the price and your not tied to a 2 year contract.

overall is a great phone! battery last long, its fast, it feels sturdy, the size is about perfect! Im a power user and I say this phone is AMAZING, and is not an expensive phone! it beats a lot of phones that are currently out there! the only con is that it gets hot sometimes!

Compre este telfono hace unos dias y es bastante bueno, delgado, buen rendimiento y sobre todo ya es oficial la actualizaciona 2.3 que nos permite reproduccion full HD 1080p. les recomiendo este handset.

I had this phone since August. It took me a good 2 weeks to customize it to my satisfaction, mostly by using GO Launcher and etc. (GO is awesome!!) From day one I felt like it was a fight with this phone. Battery life is dismal. Daily reboots. The phone began to freeze on phone calls and camera gallery. I had to do a factory reset in January just to get phone function back.Finally I went back to Nokia and got the Lumia. No problems and easy to use since day one. Most of my apps from Android were on WP. See, yes you have access to more Android apps, but most are useless, and this dual core phone can't handle too many apps anyway. All this power and you can't really do much.But I do love the Atrix for one thing (well, two).The docks!!!!I have the car dock and with all my music on a 32g sd card I am happy. I use PowerAmp as my player (Motorola stock anything is useless). Great mp3 player!!! Great sound.I have the multimedia dock connected to my Tv and I can watch YouTube or surf the web or use my apps or use it as a clock or mini stereo. Very handy!! This is the true beauty of Atrix ownership. I don't use it as a phone anymore but can do everything thru Wi-Fi.I have a standard dock too for mini stereo at work and charging. Never take this phone anywhere without a charger. Or you will be sorry.So if you get an Atrix, make sure you get the docks!! They make the phone so worth it, amd the prices are super cheap now.

Gran celular!!! Super r&aacute;pido. Resistente. Gran servicio y  g r a n  v e n d e d o r .

I buy this phone fom open group wireless, and I can't be more pleased, the phone was brand new and work perfect in my country (Venezuela).I have it, for about a month and i'm still loving it, to me is't perfect size, is really fast and the best is the price, over all it's a great phone that can easy beat  in function the iphone 4 and others that are more expensive... the only thing that i'm not a big fan is the camera (it's just ok), but the rest works perfect!

I had a Samsung Captivate before. Not a bad phone, great screen but was a little slow. So I got the atrix, one for me and one for the wife. This phone is a hidden gem fast dual core phone and just the right size for the hand. You almost cannot believe that the phone has a 4&#34; screen; larger than the iPhone 4 and 4S screen. I happen to have a iPhone 4. The phones were delivered on time and in in the new condition expected. Good stuff I like it. I would recommend it to anyone.

The Atrix 4g boasts an impressive set of features, solid performance with it's snappy dual-core processor, and great battery life (I've had it run for 5 hours straight with streaming music and GPS tracking both going).Unfortunately, the software on this phone is extremely both buggy.  In the 6 months I've owned this device I've had to perform (at the insistence of Motorola tech support) 5 full factory resets due to software issues (random crashes, loss of data, phone wouldn't boot, etc).  I did not 'root' the phone, 'sideload' any apps, or perform any other questionable installations, I just ran the stock device.In addition to the software problems, the hardware of the atrix is very unreliable.  I'm actually on my 4th device, having returned 3 already under Warranty.  I'm very concerned about what will happen when my warranty runs out.  The first phone would not operate with the Atrix specific accessories (car dock, laptop dock, television dock) and there was no software resolution, so the phone had to be returned.  The 2nd would randomly reset itself to factory default, causing me to lose all my information.  The 3rd would only play any sounds (calls, music, etc) if I squeezed it very tightly (loose connection?).As a side note to the warranty returns and software issues, Motorola support is terrible terrible terrible!  I cannot stress this enough.  The FIRST thing they have me try when calling is a factory reset (loss of all data).  I have to work my way up to a 2nd or 3rd manager before they attempt any software solutions other than just reset the phone.  Secondly, despite the device being under warranty Motorola would not accept my returns for the hardware issues unless I paid them for the repair/replacement of the device.  I contacted AT&T; about the problems and they took care of it immediately even though Motorola is supposed to resolve warranty issues.As a second side note, addressing the Atrix specific docks that were supposed to be a huge selling point of this phone.  The docks, when they work, perform admirably.  I've owned all 3 at this point.  They integrate well, work the way they're supposed to, and are a great addition to the phone.  Unfortunately they will work only with this phone, ever, and if you ever upgrade your device they can go in the garbage can.  Motorola has changed the layout of their docking connections for more recent phones, and because of that I would consider these accessories a waste of money.  Go with more generic docks that will work for any android device.Finally, this device was/is advertised as being compatible with Android OS 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS).  However, despite using that as a selling point for the Atrix and several other devices, Motorola recently announced that they are cancelling their support and this phone will no longer be receiving ICS.The Atrix had the potential to be a great device, all the features are there, but the software, warranty, and (especially) support issues make this a phone to avoid.

For the money, this phone works really well. I put in the StraightTalk sim and it worked immediately. When you set it up, it immediately installs motoblur, this has not seemed to be a problem. The phone is smaller than the Samsung Galaxy II, but has the same size screen. Great buy.

Excelente SE LOS RECOMIENDO "Excellent RECOMMEND", Vengo de  USAR ebay, Y amazom ES LO MEJOR QUE HAY, rapido eficiente y eficaz

This purchase has been a waste of time.First at all, I received this cellphone on a Generic box, with generic accesories rolling around.2nd: The received battery is not the correct one for this model (BH6X( 1800Mah). Instead, I received a BX5H which is only 1500Mah and smaller.And finally, this smartphone is crap, it shuts downs everytime it goes to iddle, has turned off at least 20 times in less than 2 hours.And By the way, mine was sold by Ross Electronics LTD, I'ill never buy anything else from that company. Thank U for my waste of time and money.Ordering a refund..

Excellent device. Feels awesome in hand. Light weight and dimensions fit perfectly in hand.SIM unlock of the device takes close to 2 days online :( and boot loader is locked :(The software needs improvement, expecting with Gingerbread update the software should get better

Does not charge past 60%, youtube does not work.Both are known issues posted on the net.Unfortunately I read this after I bought one rather than before.

Cuando vi por primera vez el Atrix, yo estaba fascinado y tuvimos que esperar unos meses para tener en mis manos el tel&eacute;fono. Las especificaciones de la Atrix es impresionante y tengo la esperanza de que el tel&eacute;fono est&eacute; a la altura de la promesa que se ha hecho. Nunca he usado un tel&eacute;fono con Android antes de &eacute;ste, sino que han utilizado el Iphone desde que sali&oacute; y que el Iphone 4. He utilizado el III Palm, Treo, Blackberry etc ... usted consigue el punto.

Purchased this phone used in very good condition. Shout outs to The Buying Company, for their extra fast shipping and for delivering a phone with all it's accessories and in better condition than described.first thing i did once i got it up and running was download LauncherPro. If you hate Motoblur, you are going to LOVEEE this app. Other apps that are a MUST HAVE are Camera360, Sense Analog Clock, Firefox, GO Keyboard And, GO SMS Pro.I charged it for about eight hours. I Unplugged it at midnight, Downloaded about ten apps, watched five minutes of youtube, sent out five SMS, and listened to about 15 minutes of music. I went to bed at two AM and, set the alarm for nine AM, because it was going to be nice out and i wanted to run while there is no traffic. I ran for about twenty five minutes while listening to music. From eleven am to midnight, I spent eighteen minutes talking on the phones, sent and received about thirty SMS, Downloaded three more apps, And listened to about fifteen more minutes of music on my way to pick up my friend from work. When i went to plug it in at midnight again, the battery life was eight percent. I was like WOWWWWWWW!!! Now while all my friends are fighting over outlets, i'ma be chillen.Another thing. This phone is fast. Like Chuck Norris' wife on her PMS coming at you fast. It's so fast a good comparison, would be the turtle from Comcast Vs. the Allstate guy in a 1ft race. The touch screen is very responsive and ninety percent of the apps open within a second. It's almost as Good as my Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket but... i'm going to stop talking about it, because i'm starting to tear up. I miss my skyrocket. R.I.P. dec 3, Jan 1.Last thing. The camera is as good as one of those $150.00 cameras you could purchase here, and with camera360, you could do all your enhancements.

I've been wanting this for over a year now and decided to finally buy one. After watching and reading countless reviews i can say that this phone went far beyond my expectations. Although for some reason my indicator light isnt working. I didnt like the fat that i needed to be connected to the internet in order to set up my phone either. I also wish that this phone could upgrade to ICS but the only way to do that is by flashing a custom ROM.All in all the phone is really nice and beautiful. It came brand new in the factory box with a tun of accessories including the media doc and headphones. I do not regret my purchase! :D

I bought this phone way back in March of 2010, so I've had it for almost 2 years now. It was my first smartphone, and it was top of the line back then. I loved this phone for a while. The GPS is incredibly solid, the photos are great, and the fingerprint reader was nice. However, I expected a phone of this caliber to last at least two years until my contract was up. It didn't.The first thing to stop working was the fingerprint reader. The corner of it started to peel and then it just quit working. The next thing, about six months ago, was the ear speaker. What good is a phone without the ear speaker? Well, I was past the warranty, so I figured I could just use the headphone jack until my contract was up. Nope. The headphone jack went out a week ago. Now I'm stuck with a nice handheld computer that I only use as a speakerphone (embarrassing) and a gps unit. I had to buy bluetooth headphones just to listen to music. I will not be buying another Motorola phone for a long time.

Dear friends my complaint and my bad rate for this provider is that the equipment you buy will arrive at their destination in Venezuela, but it does not work, has details of other scratches and bumps and high is that even though I wrote I have not received any response as this will solucinar me.I appreciate a straight answer about this or money back.Thank you.Ascanio Maria

Like its style....Like its performance...Like its comfort....Like its features....Good phone to go with.  MOTOBLUR makes life simple.!!!!

It is unlocked. The manaul is in German. I downloaded an English version online. Some pre-installed applications are in German, too. I just deleted them.The size is just perfect. I personally think Atrix-2 is too large for a cell phone. I like the finger-print reader.Not a 1080p video recorder. It is in Atrix-2 though.Battery life is long enough to me. Sometimes it became hot when I turned on wifi, GPS and Bluetooth for a long time.It won't burn.No complain to the seller. Shipping is quick.

This phone ships from Germany so be prepared for lots of bloatware and links from there.Phone arrived super fast and was no problem to set up.  Although this is not the latest model, I like it much better than my Iphone that it replaced (more control over how the phone is configured and what goes on it).  I rooted the device and removed the stuff I didn't need; still no problems with the phone.Carrier is AT&T;.

Update 2 March:  the seller contacted me assuring that the phone is new, but opened by them for unlocking and indicated that these are liquidation phones.  Apparently all this is dedcribed before purchase, she indicated.The phone is working fine since arriving two days ago. And I have accepted her explanation.Original post follows.It had to happen:  after thousands of dollars of purchases from Amazon for many, many years, I got ripped off.This phone - which should be replacing my original Droid - arrived today.Very disappointed. I ordered a NEW phone, I got a used one. Clearly used before: SIM card slot shows scratch marks, screen and camera lens plastic half pasted on, home-printed quick start guide, all in non-descript AT&T; box much larger than its contents. The phone and charger were bouncing around inside. No HDMI cable. This is like a mickey mouse social network experience.The seller, orderinstantcom, has left its distribuitor, Amazon, with egg on its face.  Sorry folks, but it's the truth.Note: The two stars really rate the condition of the Atrix, rather than the promised Atrix features.

I'm from Venezuela and it works great with Digitel! Camera, touch response, graphics, it is just great! :D C&oacute;mpralo sin dudar :P

Good reach, great sound, awesome screen, lots of aps and features, slim profile that fits in my pocket well.  I've bounced it off a couple of parking lots with no damage but a couple little nicks on the case.  Some folks complain of the 'cheap case'.  It's made of an engineering plastic like polycarbonate that, though it will nick up a little, is actually very strong and quite light.My only con for this phone is that now, having it for a few months, I'm completely dependent on the thing.  My whole life is in there!

horrible not what I expected at all  then the phone stop  working in 2 weeks I  wouldn't recommend this to no one

It would be nice to let the consumer know that this phone didn' t have the play store app. for the USA market and that unrooting is impossible to acquire the play store app. and that the phone was originally for the asian market.

GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY ESTE TELEFONO ES UNA MARAVILLA MUCHO MEJOR QUE EL MISMO GALAXY S2

I love this phone. At the price i paid, it is a superbuy. It works great. sometimes the speaker is not very clear. otherwise, it's a great phone.Bluetooth, wi-fi, camera, sharing, all the bells and whistles work great. and yes, the android processor is excellent too.i would recommend this phone to anyone.

The motorola Atrix is a good phone when you first buy it however after a while it starts having problems like calling random people  having trouble connecting to wifi and many more annoying things. I wouldnt recommend this phone to anyone its a waste of money and if the phone has trouble updateing itself like the apps than you will have troule updateing it manualy.do me a favor and dont waste your time.

My brother got this phone to replace his old Samsung Galaxy Ace, and he doesnt stop to tell me all the features that this phone have and much he loves it. I checked the phone, seems sturdy and I'm actually planing in getting myself one as well. It even has a mini hdmi port wich you dont find easily in phones this price range.Overall it seems this phone is worth every penny you pay for it.

I've had the Atrix 4G since they came out in 2010. I have 3 of them and they work great.....bought my 1st from AT&T; in 2010 and lately 2 more from Breed so my wife and I both have an unlocked use anywhere phone. These phones are the best. Over the years I got the HD dock, wireless keyboard and wireless mouse, HDMI cable. I can plug the docked phone into my plasma tv and I have a computer running Mozilla Firefox, watch HD videos on the tv that are saved on my phone, and since its unlocked I can use it anywhere and often do. Took it to the Philippines twice and it accepted my Smart sim card both times. Its super fast and easy to use. I upgraded thru AT&T; 2yrs ago to a Motorola Atrix HD, it was like a Samsung Galaxy S4. I shipped it back a week later because it sucked. The Atrix 2 isn't any better. I'd choose this over a Samsung Galaxy 5 or iPhone 5 anyday.The Atrix 4G is the first to use a Linux OS, its faster and easier to modify then any other OS on the market today. Apple is trying to compete with their iOS 6.0 and iOS 7.0 operating systems, which have poor reception in foreign countries, and the accessories aren't compatible half the time due to firmware/hardware/software issues. You can't open the iPhone to swap in a new battery or SIM card and rooting is next to impossible.If you want a good solid phone, buy a Motorola Atrix 4G from Breed or Ebay. Its the fastest, toughest, most compatible, best reception phone you'll ever find without having to pay for an iTunes account or any other b.s. I got 3 of them, and wouldn't trade them in for anything else. I'm using a 64gb mini sdcard with no problems too. Its a computer in the palm of your hand.

magnificent. is a durable and very good performance at a low cost small smart phone so I recommend it 100%

Motorola just announced that the Atrix 4G will NOT be getting Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.If you don't mind staying on Gingerbread, then this is a good device.

Works well and seems to have great reception. Calls are clear and it has not dropped any calls. Works great with straight talk.

It is very nice. Althought is not an S3 or S4, by the time it was made it was a very competitive cellphone and it still is. Camera is not a good quality but it does it job nicely. I have not complains of it. Just probably that motorolla did not offer a software upgrade to android ice cream. Don't expect battery to last a lot. It has the same issue as all smartphones, if you start watching movies, play games, etc you will run out of battery, but that is the price for a fast cell phone.

The phone is nice but I started having problems with it rebooting while in the middle of calls. Not sure why but I ended up replacing it with the Moto G and It's much better. I still keep this as a back up phone and had it not been for the rebooting I may have just kept it but oh well.

Well, this cellphone used to be the most powerful for a while, nowadays is just another one in the shelves. The product I got was defective, but the seller was kind enough to replace it. The new one worked correctly, but after 2 months, it is now giving me more trouble than the previous device. I have problems with the screen, there are dead zones. If I turn wifi or bluetooth it will reboot after 2-3 minutes. It also overheats quite easily. I now know this is a common issue in the Atrix 4G. If you can, try other newer device. I'm sure the problems I'm facing are because the device is quite old now.

the wi-fi chip went bad quickly, and it's a common problem for this model and it was a rebuilt too. Next time, get a new phone.

I was very worried about this phone, i was reading and watching a bunch of reviews to make sure about my purchase, now that i have been tested my Atrix 4G 2 weeks ago, I can tell you guys...It's amazing, pretty nice features, Monster battery, i listen music and use the wi-fi at the same time and the battery response better that i thought..., the camera is not the best that i have seen, but meets my good expectations. Absolutely satisfied with my device!!! Ohh...by the way, I check the warranty in the website motorola.com, and is absolutely active!! No complaint at all.!!!

It is a really good phone, two things that need improvement are the battery time which is barely 1 day and voice commands still need some improvement,  the rest is just perfect...

Well, my english its not to good, but here it goes!The Phone it came from Ross Cellular,in the page of especifications, says that the battery should be a 1930mAh Li-On Motorola Battery, and it came with a 1500mAh Battery! thats makes that the battery runs out more fast!The box is a Blue box with Motorola Logo,what is in the box?  Complete Motorola Atrix Phone, Ac Adapter, Manual, and 1500mAh battery, Didnt came with the Data Cable...The phone comes with Android Gingerbread 2.3 OS, the phone reboot every 10minutes!! but i investigate on forums, and its a problem of this phone with 2.3 OS,so i rooted and Unlock the bootloader, and install another rom, Nottachtrix 4G, before that, finally i can enjoy this phone,so if you dont want to have that problem, i recommend that you read about this reboot problem or google it, could be a dealbreaker..now i'm happy with this phone, its amazing, and a great phone for the price you pay!if you decide to buy it, you will enjoy for a great phone in a very cheap price...

muy buen producto exelente era lo que esperaba hare nuevamente negocio con ustede para comprar otro equipo mas muchas gracias...

Great product! Why using a I Phone, if you have motorola Atrix.This telephone is less expensive and faster!Thanks.

I like the cellphone. It has a lot of great features.But it get slow sometimes, which i thought that it will never get because of the Dual Core.Perhaps is a great phone taking into account the price.

Totally Brand new but earpiece was giving problems and was necessary a replace and repair, is more cheaper than return.

I bought this phone when my last att contract ran out. I have a samsung captivate i was useing and i like the big screen etc good phone , but this atrix is a lot nicer and faster by a bunchthe screen is smaller than the samsungs but works as good if not better.it gets better reseption than the samsung did oh and the voice stuff on it seems to work better to.I do wish it had ice cream on it but time will tell if i can get it or not .I have only had it for about a week  but so far i love it I will come back later if it gives me any good aor bad surprises.

tremendo equipo la c&aacute;mara tremenda fotos

The phone arrived when promised, packaged in a plain Motorola box with battery, charger and battery cover.  The phone starts with an AT&T; screen.  I activated the phone with a Straight Talk sim easily enough, although, on starting the phone, I had to be quick to bypass the opening screen before an error message occurred indicating a non-AT&T; sim had been inserted.  After activating, the phone has worked flawlessly in all respects.Straight Talk requires the manual setting of a new APN in order to have internet access.  As long as you can follow instructions, it is easily enough done.  My only complaint is that the Atrix did not come with the cool animated weather/clock widget that my HTC Incredible has.  I am still looking for such an app.  Otherwise, the Matrix seems to be slightly more advanced and has a little larger screen than the Incredible.

I was very impressed in this phone. I recieved it today and brand new as advertised. It was packaged very neatly and everything was included. It came with the dock wich can be used for charging and connect many different types of media like hdmi, photos music etc. This phone is super fast and loads up when turned on in less than 20 secs. Apps run smoothly, the graphics are very nice, and usability is great. The fingerprint lock works flawlessly and is easy to unlock your phone without having to remember passwords. There is plenty of storage space to save a ton of pics movies and music. Also on the home screen there are gadgets to turn on the gps,bluetooth, wifi and the push of a button. I just got this today and there is still time for me to play with it, but I know I will continue to love this phone.

es un equipo que lo compre pensando que seria de lo mejor, pero nada mas lejos de la realidad, para empezar motorola decidio &iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; no sacar una actualizacion de software para este equipo.Se queda con android 2.3.1. gingerbread. NO SE ACTUALIZA A 4.0 ICE CREAM OJOOO&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;. que lastima, la verdad no se que pensaran los de motorola , pero me parece la peor de las jugadas que podrian hacer a los usuarios de este y otra cantidad de equipos motorolas que no podran actualizarce.Otra cosa que no me gusto es el hecho de que a veces se bloquea cuando esta recibiendo una llamada entrante, no hay manera de desbloquear la pantalla. hay que esperar a que termine de sonar para liberar la pantalla. eso es defecto de sofware.&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;..en cuanto a la camara no hay comparacion con mi anterior NOKIA N8. uffff.... nada que ver. como Decimos aqui, NOKIA ES NOKIA.... no tiene comparacion. .Los colores son deficientes, la calidad de la imagen es mala. POBRE. en la noche es imposible sacar una foto a mas de un metro de distancia con el flash. olvidese de sacar fotos de noche.si usted quiere un celular con una buena camara use un nokia ..... lastima que symbian lo hayan descartado ... sino seguiria con nokia ...segun el fabricante la pantalla es fabricada con GORILLA GLASS. pero la verdad lo dudo que sea asi. en menos de una semana ya se habia rallado en varias partes.. nada que ver con mi antiguo N8 que aun despues de mas de 2 a&ntilde;os sigue intacto en la pantalla.Aparte de eso es demasiado lento, cuando abres varias aplicaciones se cuelga y muestra mensajes de que no puede abrir la aplicacion y debe cerrarse. a veces pienso que en vez de android este celular viene con windows  PUAHHH&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;lo unico a favor de este equipo es un sistema de desbloqueo mediante huella dactilar, y una base que trae , que sirve para conectarlo a un tv. mas un teclado y un raton, mediante conector usb.del resto este equipo es fatal. increiblemente lento.NO LO RECOMIENDO...(PD. VIENE SOLO EN INGLES , ES IMPOSIBLE PONERLO EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL MEDIANTE ACTUALIZACION)cell is a buy it thinking it would be the best, but nothing is further from reality, Motorola decided to start not get a software update for this phone. It stays with android 2.3.1. gingerbread. DO NOT UPDATE TO 4.0 ICE CREAM OJOOO. what a shame, really not anyone thought of motorola, but I think the worst of the plays that could make the users of this and a number of teams that can not actualizarce Motorolas.Another thing I like is the fact that sometimes hangs when receiving an incoming call, there is no way to unlock the screen. have to wait for it to release the call screen. software that is defect. ..As for the camera in no comparison to my previous NOKIA N8. uffff .... nothing to do. As we say here, NOKIA es NOKIA  ....The colors are poor, the image quality is poor. POOR. at night it is impossible to take a picture of more than a meter away with flash. skip taking pictures at night.if you want a phone with a good camera use a nokia .....According to the manufacturer the screen is made of Gorilla Glass. but honestly I doubt so. at least one week had already been shredded into several parts .. nothing to do with my old N8 that even after more than two years remains intact on the screen.Other than that is too slow, when you open multiple applications hangs and displays messages that can not open the application and needs to close. Sometimes I think that instead of this phone comes with android windows PUAHHH..

This is the third time I edit this review... this phone really managed to go from a 5-star product to a barely 1-star.I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE, one for me and one for my dad. We took care of the phones and even bought gadgets for them. Doesn't matter what you do, THIS PHONE IS DESIGNED TO FAIL AFTER 18 MONTHS OF USE, DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU DO. BOTH OF OUR PHONES STARTED FAILING AT THE SAME TIME IN THE SAME WAY: PART OF THE SCREEN STARTS FAILING, TOUCH CAPABILITY DECREASES RAPIDLY, REBOOTS CONSTANTLY, BECOMES EACH DAY SLOWER AND MORE INEFFICIENT.....At this point, I just refuse to say anything good about the phone. MOTOROLA is making phones that will die after certain amount of use... of course, al companies do it, but at least some phones last more than 18 month, and it's not that obvious, since some phones die in different ways. The MOTOROLA ATRIX 4G starts failing specifically in the lower-left part of the screen... and from there it just gets worse. They all do the same.

Had to call to get an American AC plug adapter for the chargerWas only partially unlocked had thee previous carriers assigned to it and could not delete them they over ruled Consumer Cellular service so I could not connect to mobile dataEverything was in Chinese the manual, all the literature, even the outside box markingsToo bad it seemed to be a nice phone but don't buy it unless you know it is really unlocked and not the Asian European version.Wasted three days and hours of talking with Consumer CellularDid get my money back with free shipping the only good thing.

Being the runner up for most innovative device at the last T3 awards, this device not only is fast but is packed with cutting edge features too. It comes with a HDMI cable which you can plug into a monitor, and the software on the phone will literally switch into something called "webtop mode" which is just like using a normal PC. It's pretty sweet.

This Cell Phone is excellent, the performance is excellent, the design is cool and now it can upgrade to Android 2.3.4.

I' m very happy with the purchase of this phone, the overall size is perfect, neither too small nor too large. The screen is really wide and the phone has a great sound. It is unlocked and works perfectly without problems here in Venezuela (Digitel). The only thing I regret is that headphones were not included, but it' s an insignificant detail for me. I highly recommend it.

I bought this phone back in July.  I did some research and what sold me was that it had a duel core cpu and a very large screen.  Also I wanted to be able to use the lapdock.  I use this phone as a computer more than I use a computer at this point!  It is fast, I have never had a lock up.  The Android 2.3 upgrade is awesome and it was one of the first android devices to get Netflix.  If you tweak the settings to shut down un needed things when  not being actively used, I can go all day without charging it.  It also has a very long life while watching videos.  I was very impressed.If you want a droid device, this is your phone :)

It is the first tegra2 duo core phone with a very nice quality! And the screen resolution is even better than galaxyS2. This is better than what I had expected. But the GPS doesn't work very well, I don't know why.HAPPY PURCHASE.

There are better phones at the same price out there.  I bought it at the same time the iPhone 4 came out and I was disappointed, the finger print scanner was by far my favorite feature and it stop working after 7 months, also it was slower than the iPhone.

I've had this phone since it was first on the market, I guess around two years. It has been a been very functional and dependable. I'll use it until it quits working.

This is my first cell phone which turns off out of the blue, in the middle of a call, game, you name it. For me it is ridiculous that you have to install a "clean" version of the OS just to make it work.And, instead of delivering the Android 2.2 I got the 2.3.X which has been known as the root of all problems.I'll have to stick to this piece of... until I can upgrade it - or replace with an iPhone or windows phone.

this is perfect for my needs.  very nice fit and great options.  i did a lot of reaserch on smart phones and what i needed for my applications and this fit everything that i needed it for.

This phone has to be by far the worst manufactured phone in the history of cell phones! At first it seems to be a good phone and easy to navigate around. However, it becomes clear very quickly the phone is a polished waste of money. My fiance and I both got this phone and at first really liked it. However, within the first year of having it we both went through 2 of them due to the touch screen malfunctions. Not too long after my 2nd phone the same thing happen with the touch screen, just on the opposite side. I really would not recommend you getting this phone, unless it is free.... but even then I'm not sure its worth the guaranteed headaches you will have within a few months of use.

I used it for the the first time today. Very happy with the item. Seems to be very easy to use once you figure how things work.

Last December (2011) we were eligiable for new phones with our ATT plan. I decided to get the Atrix, because they had good reviews, sounded like they were great phones and we could get them for $0 with a renewed contract. At first we loved them. Great volume, durable, loved the pictures, video and wifi. Come October though, my phone especially started having major problems, and I had to spend $100 to get the touch screen (digitizer) replaced. This helped for about two more months, but the problems are back and my wife's phone is having major problems of it's own. Sometimes I can't unlock mine, then other areas won't respond on the touch screen. My wife's speaker phone and mute come on, all the time now. So we have had the phones about a year, and they have become almost useless. Because I still have a year left on my contract, we have to pay full price for two new phones, or take a chance that we can spend less and get the phones fixed. The first hundred didn't do the job on mine, so we're getting new ones.So, if you want a pretty good phone that will last you less than a year, go for it. If you want something that will last the life of the contract, keep looking.

This is my best cell phone that a bought and I love it. Also have a very good accesories. Buy it

This phone has to be one of the most underrated phone. It's fast, beautiful and quite powerful. I'm not much fan of large screen phones, 3.7 - 4.3 inch is what I feel best. It's real handy, has a very good processing speed and graphics coupled with 1GB RAM and surplus internal memory (16GB), there's a memory slot for extra storage aspirants. Although the phone doesn't brags like others - RETINA DISPLAY, SUPER AMOLED DISPLAY whatever, the qHD screen is exquisite - crisp and clear.The best thing is it comes with a Headset, and all the ingredients such as USB, Battery, Dock - you can enjoy your multimedia or read PDF books with ease. The battery life is good, not like what other users said. I turn the Wi-Fi off most of times, perhaps I achieve a better battery life, but do some gaming and watch movies.For your information, the phone is an unlocked international phone i.e not an AT&T; or T-Mobile unlocked phone. Therefore, you can use this phone anywhere in the world. However, I'm using it with an AT&T; SIM and it's working fine. If you're looking for a phone with the best price, don't think twice. But it, straight away.

Why I got it------------This is a wonderful mobile I had dreamt to have when it first came out, nevertheless it was outside of my mobile devices budget.That made me wait until new techonology was available to get it and I am happy I did.Previous ownership------------------Before I had an XPeria X10 mini, which is also a good mobile, still it was getting slow. Also I like Sony a lot, but none of their devices were having Tegra Processors and I am not a Nvidia Fanboy but lets say since I have given them my preference over graphics processing, all have been excellent so far, not to mention their CUDA technology, which they will implement soon for mobiles. Also games tend to "look" much better.Battery---------------------Battery has been quite good, although I do know there are people complaining about it, for me it would last around 18 hours even average using Waze and HDSPA+ Internet and Playing a bit of Bard's Tale. If I do not play that much with it then it can achieve around 36 hours. Also battery has been getting better through usage. Its important to mention that I use Easy Battery Saver application which manages it when it is iddle, really recommended.Performance---------------------It has been great so far. I got some screen protector, body protector and base for my car and it became my full fledged companion. I even check the stock market through internet and it browses at very good speed. The graphics with the games are amazing, the phone speed is really good and the signal, altough not that good is on average quite acceptable.Final words:------------Just some final words:Pros:- Tegra 2 processor- Good 4G speeds- Good on average Battery- Good built (of course please do not compare it with the IPhone, apple boys).- Fingerprint is amazing!!!..- Sound is quite good in calls and the ringtone volume as well (Alarm always wakes me up!)- SD expansion slot- Removable batteryCons:- Camera not the best, specially as I was comming from an XPeria model, which takes better photos and videos with smaller sizes.- Sadly Motorola would not update it to IceCream Sandwich Android Version (4.0), so you are stuck with either 2.3.6 from factory or 2.3.7 using Cyanogenmod in my case. Motorola would not free drivers for Camera and Tegra processor, but there are lots of nice projects, specially the Emerson Pinter one that gives us some hope:[...]- I did not get a HDMI cable included, also the Webtop application needs the extra devices, although its possible to modify the phone at your own risk to make it available upong HDMI connection.Overall I am very very happy with my phone and even if its not the most powerful one in the present, it has given me so much improvement for the buck that I do not hesitate to recommend it to everybody, specially as it is 3 times more affordable than the companies flagships.Hope this helps to decide if this phone is for you or not :)

It's got almost everything:  fast processors, responsive touchscreen, high resolution, MS Exchange, nice camera... even a fingerprint sensor, which to my knowledge no other phone has.  Mine never locks up or fails and gets good reception.  It rarely drops calls.So you might be wondering why I only gave it 4 stars instead of five.  The reason:  the phone call quality is mediocre.  Callers say that I sound like I'm in a bucket, unless I'm on my bluetooth headset.  And it's pretty hard to hear my callers; I don't have bad hearing, but I do have to keep the volume up at 90% to 100% at all times.  Any lower is too soft, but that high it distorts.So overall it's a super-cool phone, but it doesn't have the most important aspect that I require in all phones:  good sound.  I am happy with it because I use all the other smartphone features much more than I talk on it.  And when I talk, it's usually with bluetooth.

This phone is not carrier unlocked.. only bootloader unlocked... even worst not and AT&T phone so i have tried for six months now and can't purchase a unlock code because nobody knows what provides is this phone

Was a little hesitant at first since it was my first time buying a motorola, but so far it has worked flawless, runs all the games i have smoothly etc

shipping was quick...and the phone was in good shape u gave it a 7 i gave it an 8 in condition...u could have got 5 stars but the charger was jus a car charger no wall charger only item i got to use that came with the phone is the SD card....but overall im pleased with the item i got...

I've been using this phone for six months now. I bought it as a Christmas gift to myself. I'm 19, living in South America, and in university with no job so I was looking for a good phone that wasn't a Blackberry (which is the hype in my country) and that was affordable.Pros:1. Affordable, especially when one considers the features available2. Sleek design - looks top-notch; no one would guess this phone was out since 20103. Easy functionality4. Internal memory capacity is good, and is expandable5. Great speakers6. I love the fingerprint reader - it gets me in quickly and I have a great time rubbing that feature in my friends' faces7. Good battery life - my phone gets no more than 5 minutes rest with me, unless I'm sleeping. I also spend a great amount of time reading from it and it can withstand my heavy use for hours.8. Great display - the resolution is fabulous. The dimmest light setting is still pretty bright; this could be a pro AND a con depending on how well your eye handles light.9. Good camera - takes up to 5MP and, with a bit of editing with apps such as Aviary or Pixlr Express, can make 5MP look much higher; the camcorder can record HD videos (however, recording doesn't look great in low light).10. I love the positioning of the power/fingerprint scanner button. Some persons posted this as a con, as the position is a bit unorthodox, but whenever someone picks up my phone, I have fun watching them futilely try to even turn on the display. It's a great deterrent for nosy persons.11. Notification light - it isn't much, but I love the notification light; it saves me the trouble of turning on my display to see if there's a notification. My brother, who uses a Samsung Galaxy S2, is jealous of this little feature.12. Good microphone that's great for voice recordings and the speech-to-text feature.There are probably more pros, but these are the ones that come off the top of my head!Cons:1. Hard to see in bright sunlight - you can rectify this by upping the light setting, but that pulls much more battery life.2. Sometimes slow response - this MIGHT be because I've downloaded too many apps or use too much RAM. It can get frustrating at times so if your patience is already low, be warned.3. Music lags when doing other stuff - while doing other stuff, the music tends to lag and sounds jumpy; I don't know if others have this problem. My best friend also has this phone and has told me this has never happened to her. I just avoid using my phone for music and stick to my iPod. Music pulls a lot of battery anyway.4. Sudden shutdowns - doesn't happen often, probably once every two weeks, but it's still annoying when it DOES happen.I read in the manual that you should restart your phone periodically, just like you would with a computer, but ain't nobody got time for that!5. Takes FOREVER to restart - after those shutdowns and restarts, it takes my phone about 3-5 minutes to start back up, then another 30 seconds or so to start running smoothly. If you're someone like me who's constantly receiving messages, texts, emails, and updates, 5 minutes can seem like a lifetime.6. Display gets twitchy after calls - whenever I put the phone to my face, after calls it begins acting up. I'm guessing that's because of the natural oils from my face gets on the screen and makes it seem like a touch. I have to put my phone to sleep then clean the screen before it gets back to normal. I don't know if my screen protector has anything to do with this too but it's still annoying and a bit scary. I just use my headphones on calls and avoid this problem entirely.I'm looking at my phone now and trying to come up with more cons, but I just can't! It really is a great phone. I'm not the type that wants the most expensive phone with the most updated OS; I just want one that works well, looks good, and that didn't cost me and arm and a leg. Coupled with an Otterbox case and a screen protector, this phone can compete with many of the more popular, top-notch phones at a fraction of the cost.On a side note: this phone came with a multimedia dock and headphones with built-in microphone; perfect for those days when you want to watch a movie on your phone without having to hold it up for an hour and a half :)My bottom line: get this phone!

I was robbed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So disappointed  of this shopped!! I'm from Venezuela and bought 2 phones, the other one (samsung) was really good, but this......=)?(_&&(=/?) thanks for anything.

My contract ends tomarrow.  I have owned two of these MB860 phones in two years.  After a few months my phone screen went on the blitz and the phone would not function.  AT&T replaced my phone under warranty with the same model of phone.  this new phone also worked for a few months and went on the blitz.  Over the life of this phone I did not get my money's worth and will be glad to be free of it.  This was a lemon.

Ok but i was used to HTC and Samsung... So i miss a couple of things, but the product is good.

Well, not my first.  I had an iPhone at work that I was glad to be rid of when I left that job.  So this is my first personal smart phone and it's great.  Simple to use, not too big so I feel like I'm putting a tablet to my face when on the phone, and very responsive with the dual cores.By far the neatest feature is the fingerprint sensor on the back.  So convenient to unlock the phone with just a swipe instead of always putting in a password.  NICE!!!!!!  The size and weight are just right.  Another great phone from Motorola.

Best phone I have owned to this point. AT&T mobile. Even though it was being used in the Bahamas it upgraded on the network to ice cream sandwich on its own. The size is ideal not small and not to large with 4.5&#34; screen. The value is much better than the price.

the delivered was quick, I love my phone is so easy to use and it has a great camera and lots of aplications, really easy to use

Got it through AT&T; for a penny, and bought a second when I ran over it with my car. It's fast (esp with something besides the stock launcher), sexy (black, round, faux-composite back), has cool features (finger print scanner built into the power button, mini-HDMI port), and has good battery (20+hr battery with 30 txts, a couple calls, and 30 minutes browsing). Expandable memory, too (without removing battery)! Front-facing camera. Flash and focus on rear camera.It can run hot if you're gaming, streaming, or have all data sync on while it's in your pocket (bad place for any phone's thermal stability).

Compr&eacute; el producto desde Venezuela, el env&iacute;o dentro de US lleg&oacute; a tiempo y recib&iacute; el tel&eacute;fono en perfecto estado. El Atrix funciona de maravilla, estoy encantada con mi tel&eacute;fono y todas las app que puedo usar en el. Completamente recomendado :)I bought the product from Venezuela, the delivering inside the US was on time and I got the phone in perfect conditions. The Motorola Atrix works very fine, I-m thrilled with my phone and every app that I can use in it. Highly recommended.

Motorola's Atrix Smartphone is an innovative device on many fronts (ability to become a laptop with the Lapdock accessory, 4G, Fingerprint reader)- but does come with a few issues.In terms of design, I look the sleek ruggedness of the back panel. Despite a plastic build, I found the phone to be solid feeling in the hand (No creaks!), and the portfolio to be quite pocketable. As a phone, performance with call quality is decent, although there were a few occasional dropped calls. Reception with AT&T;'s claimed 4G network is decent (around 2-3 bars). Battery life is also just average, coming in at around 1.5 days of moderate use before I had to recharge it.The dual core processor is speedy enough to handle the operation of day-to-day apps and games, but heats up the phone. As with most phones, opening up more than 5-6 extensive (GPU) applications will slow down the phone. However, the 4&#34; qHD display is vivid, bright (even under the sun, easy to type on), and responsive to multi-touch commands. I found that web browsing was a smooth experience using both WIFI and 4G speeds. Reception for these wireless options (WIFI, Bluetooth, GPS) are stronger than comparable devices.The 5MP camera also produces sharp looking images and HD video, but quality under low light suffers despite the presence of a LED flash. The front video camera is sufficient for video chat programs like Skype/Google Hangouts/WeChat.As for MotoBlur- the skin on top of Android that Motorola has implemented, I would say it's not quite as visually pleasing as say, HTC sense. However, what is unique is the ability to sync together all of your social media venues (Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Gmail...) together in a easy-to-use interface. This makes the phone ideal for younger crowds or business professionals that have an extensive amount of online accounts they want to have access to.The fingerprint reader, which dubs as the power button works as advertised, but I'm not a fan of the 2-in-1 design. I would have preferred having a separate power button (easier to press, less wear and tear on the reader), and then the separate fingerprint reader. Recognition is accurate, and users can program more than 1 finger to allow access to the phone (great for security and faster than a password).Lastly, the lapdock feature- what makes this high-powered smartphone stand out from the crowd- will please moderate users. When the phone is docked (microUSB and microHDMI ports used), the lapdock accessory (purchased separately) becomes a Linex-esk netbook with an 11&#34; screen, stereo speakers, USB ports, a giant touchpad, a full chicklet qwerty keyboard, and a desktop Firefox browser. Astonishingly, the desktop browser is really responsive, and watching streaming videos (Hulu, SolarMovie, NetFlix) were often faster/more optimized than Chrome on a regular Windows computer. However, watching YouTube videos did have some lag, as did flash-heavy websites like The New York Times. The touchpad lacks multitouch, but is responsive like the keyboard. The phone's headphone jack can also still be accessed when docked.The lapdock is a great mobile companion which offers incredible battery life (8 hours & charges the phone), and sleek looks (metal, thin design). It won't replace a computer if you need constant access to things like Word Documents or such Desktop software- but for advanced web browsing it does the trick in style.Overall, a fantastic Android device that merges together high concept and high functionality.

I've owned this phone for about 10 months now. It is generally fast and the hardware is very good. The screen is very clear and the form factor is pleasing. Most of the time it works very nicely. I really liked it at first...But the software apps and the Android OS they run on has been plagued with problems from the beginning. My biggest irritation is when it locks up or reboots itself while playing music. A recent OS upgrade fixed much of this problem, but it still happens on occasion. It has all kinds of little glitches I don't have to deal with in my iPad.One big irritation is responsiveness to the touch screen. There are times you touch a button on the screen several times and it does nothing. Very annoying. This virtually *NEVER* happens on my iPad. And believe me, I'm not a religious nut about Apple products.iPad apps are more professional looking and more importantly seem to work much more reliably. I've had several Android apps get 'confused' and have to exit them and start over.I've updated the OS whenever possible. I've upgraded the flash memory. I've taken to rebooting the phone almost daily. I've used multiple bluetooth accessories for music playback. Still the buggy problems persist.As I said, I really wanted to like this phone. I didn't get the newest iPhone because the 4s didn't offer 4G speed and I think it is overpriced. And I wanted to give Android a chance. When my Atrix works, I do like it. But I don't have to put up with these problems with my iPad, and I'm guessing the iPhone will be the same.When the next iPhone comes out, this Atrix is headed for the garbage can.Right after I smash it with a hammer.This was my first and will be my last Motorola phone.

The phone arrived I was in bad shape, is used. It bulged the back where the battery goes. The front camera DOES NOT WORK, are only shadows, and the pictures come out very ugly.I like this phone, I thought I would be in good condition, but unfortunately it was not, I feel cheated.

Excellent product, is super full, very fast, I love the phone, it is very good product, I think it is addictive. I highly recommend it.

It came in a generic Motorola box, no model number or other labels, and contained no warranty, safety, or manual documents, at all.the screen started to time out and not wake up using the power button at all -- battery pull and reboot required every time

Excellent phone, it compiles with all my expectations, I really recommend the product good price, and good technology, fair deal

There is nothing really wrong with the phone itself as long as you buy one for the US market.  The problem is that the phone was made for the Asian (European) market which was not disclosed by the seller on the site.  They claimed they did, but the fact that the phone only came with a charger with a European plug said otherwise.  They offered to take the phone back and send another which could take a month or send a converter for the charger which would take a week. I chose to take the converter.  Big mistake.  Make sure an unlocked phone is made for the US market!!!  I bought it to use with a Straight Talk SIM card.  The carrier was AT&T. I NEVER got the 3G service that I should have, and I had to use Wi-Fi to get on the internet. After spending a lot of time talking to tech support with Straight Talk and AT&T, I was told it was not the SIM card or the carrier, it was the phone.  It was simply not capable of working properly in the US.  After dealing with it for a year, I gave up and bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 directly from Straight Talk. Problem solved.

All in all, I really loved this phone when I had it.  Lightning fast and the fingerprint scanner was darn cool!!It will not get the upgrade to ICS, which means it is stuck on the antequated Gingerbread OS.It didn't bother me when I had it too much..I used this phone A LOT.  Every day I averaged about 2 hours of music and constant texting.  Calls and multimedia messages throughout the day and it didn't give me much trouble.I did have an issue with it rebooting randomly when I tried to put it into my LapDock, but whether that was a software or hardware issue, I won't know.The camera was great and the screen was pretty good too (nothing compared to the super AMOLED display on my new RAZR HD) but it was good for the time period it was made in.  The dual-core processor was also slick and never slowed down.All-in-all, if you are on the fence about this phone, I say GO FOR IT! You won't be disappointed by getting it, although the lack of ICS is frustrating, if you have a little phone know-how, you can port ICS to the phone

This is the best smartphone of the 200$ range. Has a rear 5MP camera, front 1.3MP camera, 16 GB internal storage. You cant beat this price! The only con it might has is the 2.3 android, but for what I use the phone for... its the same for me.

The good:It has a big, bright display.  The on-screen keyboard was made better with the recent update to Gingerbread so it's more accurate. Rotate the screen for bigger buttons. The GPS is incredibly accurate.  I live in MS but my computer's GPS says I'm in Alabama or Florida all the time. It never says MS. The Atrix's GPS gets it right, all the way down to the street name. I love the wallpapers including the Live Wallpapers meaning they move. The camera is good and the zoom is spectacular. You have 7 home screens which give you a lot of room to store apps for quick access.  The speakerphone is good. I don't have to scream into it or be right on it for someone to hear me.  One of my favorite things is the fingerprint sensor. It's super easy to set up. I lock my phone and no one can get into it.The bad:The battery is absolutely horrible. You'll have to buy an extended battery when you buy this phone.  Buy one from Anker[[ASIN:B007PZ95RW EC TECHNOLOGY 2X 1800mAh Li-ion Battery for Motorola Atrix 4G , ME860/MB860 & 1X Multi-purpose USB Travel] for $20 which will come with 2 extended batteries and a charger. Spare batteries are a must. The USB cord for charging & connecting to a computer is super short. Charging can prove to be difficult if you want to use your phone while it's charging because it's so short that something as simple as sitting up straight is nearly impossible.  Also, it slips out of the phone really easily. One little bump and you could disconnect your phone from the charger without even noticing.The rumors:Q: Can 4G Smartphones connect to AT&T;'s data network on a prepaid plan?A: Yes. AT&T; will tell you 'No' but they are lying because they want to trap you in a postpaid plan since they get the most money from them and too many customers are leaving or not renewing contracts and switching to cheaper prepaid plans. They have been sued for lying about data plans as recent as 2011. All you have to do is change the APN settings which I did and I can access the internet without WiFi. I have the $5 data plan. I'm not sure this will work on locked phones. Type this link for the new APN settings (same directions I used): forums(dot)att(dot)com/t5/Prepaid/Using-GoPhone-SIM-on-4G-phones/td-p/2768089. Look for a post by 'andrewcarnegieIV'

I switched from iPhone 3g to this phone due to the hype regarding this phone. After I upgraded to Android 2.3.6, I found a lot of issues with this phone. Internet browser crashed, phone rebooted by itself, phone unresponsive and hang. Basically a total disapointment. No wonder this phone did not sell that well. I had a motorolla phone before atrix 4g and had problem within a year. Lesson learn I will not buy any motorolla phone anymore. Hopefully after google bought motorolla mobility their quality can be improved.

Este celular &eacute; incrivel &eacute; o melhor que ja tive, rapido, boa qualidade de imagem e uma incrivel velocidade de internetThis cellular one is incredible is optimum that already I had, fast, good quality of image and an incredible speed of Internet

I purchased mt Motorola Atrix 4g just over a year ago to replace my iPhone 3g. It was my first Android phone and I was rather impressed with both the phone and Android Gingerbread.After about three months, the phone would turn itself off. I drove 45 minutes to the AT&T; service center where they managed to get my data off the phone and switched it out. On the ride home I realized that the GPS was not working so the next day I returned to the service center. That phone seemed to work for about a week but then it too had problems. Once again I returned to the service center and they attempted to swap out the phone and could not get the replacement to work. After an hour of trying they gave up and swapped it to a different phone.After less then 24 hours, that phone stopped seeing the SD card. After numerous attempts to re-seat it the phone finally would see it without issue. I continues on with that phone until about a week ago.About one week ago my phone started to reboot itself. Then it started not being able to detect wireless networks, showing only 'error' when you looked at the WiFi settings. And then it started loosing and re-finding the SIM card. I started turning the phone off at night and finally removing the SD card as while sitting perfectly still on my nightstand it will find and initialize then loose the SD card. As of yesterday, the phone stopped being able to detect blue tooth.My general impression is that neither AT&T; nor Motorola are able to properly refurbish these phones.

Att $95/mo...$200 for phone ...ATT blows you off if you EVER ask for any advice or help...SCREEN started failing in 1st year...TWO motorola "upgrades" fried most of my s*** ... SIX hrs in shop each time... NEVER buy Motorola ANYTHING NEVER buy service from ATT... TOTL FIASCO!

Like me so much this mobile, many aplications, it's Beautiful. i Love it so much. i recomend this product for use..
