
Samsung Behold T919 Unlocked Quadband Phone with 3G Support, GPS and 5MP Camera - US Warranty - Brushed EspressoPoor Interface, touch screen. Poor features. Overall Really poor phone. You get for what You pay.

I have had this phone for about 6 months now. I was satisfied with all the features at first. However, if you browse internet, the battery dies in about 5 minutes. It came to the point when while talking on a fully charged phone for about 10 min, I get a Low Battery warning. If I hang up right at that moment, the battery indicator bars can go back up to 3 out of 5. If I continue talking for a few minutes longer, it turns off. I have to charge it both overnight and at work every single day. And I barely use it during a day. I expected the phone to last a bit longer, but I guess it won't.

the reason i gave this item 3 stars is because when i received the item it came in a different samsung box with a white sticker on the side of the box  that says samsung behold ...it also was package great love that... but it DIDN'T come with any directions ...i had to google the product in order to figure things out about this phone... but the shipping was great it came very fast ...over all i love the phone.. it is great for a replacement phone

This product does not work as advertised.  It is not a very intuitive design.  It does not provide the ability to change settings easily nor is very configurable.

This phone is a piece of junk. I should have been warned by the previous buyers' comments. True to many of their experiences, my phone stopped working barely after 4 months. The instrument was maintained well, but the speaker stopped working. It made weird noises for two days when I talked and then it is dead completely.

I got one of this... The system is always frozen... and you need to be chargin it for ever... two hours later after a full charge the battery is empty... Do not waste your money... look for the next

I bought this item and the shipping was great but when I opened the box and looked at the phone I said WOW!! this phone is amazing so I opened the back of it and took out the battery from the bag to power my samsung behold and when I put the battery in it doesnt fit. I asked everyone in my house to see if I was wrong but they sended me a different kind of battery for this phone the battery is for another phone so I ended up going to T-mobile and buying a $60.00 battery for the samsung

This is the second Behold phone that I purchased.  Reception is great.  I liked the first one so much that I got another one in case it was discontinued.  I would recommend it to anyone who needs a good cell phone.

This phone was purchase for my sister in the Caribbean, from what I understood, she love this phone, especially the simplisity of the menu operation.

The phone is simple and straight forward to use.  There are some features I do not like, such as the phone book.  I find searching for numbers using the touch screen more frustrating than it needs to be, so I end up using the volume keys.  I like the texting feature as you have use of a full keyboard. All in all for the purpose of which I purchased the phone I am pleased with the product.

This is a company seeking to please their customers and cares about their opinion and recommend that buyers always meet every need and maintain a good reputation. regarding the product exceeded my expectations and even excellent very good price

My husband had this phone for under a year, and the screen stopped working.  His business partner had the same problem with his phone.  I do not recommend this product if you are looking for a reliable quality phone that can last for quite a while.  I am used to my cell phones falling apart after years of use, this phone was a great disappointment and ultimately waste of money.

I ordered this phone for my son for Christmas. He was thrilled, and says it's the best phone he has ever had(and he has had some really nice phones.)I'm glad I chose this phone, and purchased it from Amazon. The price was fabulous, ordering was easy, and and it arrived on time in a matter of days.

Inserted sim card and every thing ran perfectly.  the phone is wonderful, my wife loves it and appreciated the gift.  great deal on a great phone.

Well before I bought this cell phone I did plenty of research from reading to watching videos.. I have to say that I really love this phone. It does what I want in that I now have web on my cell plan and I can get into everything on the net so far with this unit. You can listen to music and play games you can even watch videos.. I like the size, it fits into my pocket very nicely. It's a great little phone! The only thing I will complain about is the sound quality. I think its a a little tinny.. I think it could be louder when on speaker phone. But I can live with it.. If anything else I would like to see the battery last longer. So to give you a example, if I surf the web and use 1 mg a day and leave the unit on all day with texting about 10 times and making 5 calls a day the battery will last 1 day. I have to charge it up that night for the next day. If I shut it off for 6 hours a day I can get 2-3 days out of it.. I suppose the screen takes a lot of power.. But all in all I love the phone.. It does it all.!!

I gifted it to a friend overseas, he gave me a feedback that it was a non genuine handset provided to me. No application working on this set. perhaps i was given a copy of original

- No software for Windows 7 to perform PC sync (only XP/Vista).  It is a pain.- Same as above. You need to use Samsung's own software for sync versus USB direct access- Non common connector type. The phone does not use mini-USB.- Same as above for audio jack.  The same port is used for USB, Audio, and Charger - that means you have to purchase a special ear piece if you are not using blue tooth- Camera shot takes a bit too long and performs bad under dim light condition.  Day light is good.Otherwise a good entry level phone to have.  Light and feel high quality in construction.

The camera takes great pictures the only problem with the phone is the touch screen is too sensitive. if you expect reviews, don't be so picky with the results!  I got the phone soon after I ordered it and it was in good shape when received

I had it for two years now. It's not the best phone out there. There is no wifi. Its a pretty simple phone. The battery life is not bad, last about 3 days. Camera is okay, but the flash is crazy. It flashes 2 or 3 times and it blinds my eyes. You can click on the touch screen with a pencil if u would like. It doesn't require heat to control the buttons. The Gps does not work. I think it requires internet. But overall it's a pretty simple phone. I like more high tech phones, this phone used to be high tech 2 years ago.....

it was  good product  unfortunately it wasn't what I was looking for  it came as timely as it could  I would have been very happy with it  but I am looking for something else they  had refunded me in a timely manor

The phone itself is good. But it didn't come with a data cable and a headset. It seems the OEM shop gave me a used battery. It lasts only a half day with a minimum use of only making and receiving a few phone calls. I had to order all three accessories and it costs about additional $10.

This phone was amazing when I first got it...and then a few minutes pasted by and I found out I can not configure my touch screen and when I call someone I loose the screen and am not able to use keypad!!! Now I am stuck with a jaink phone and I can not ever email the sender to give me a new one!!!

The Samsung Behold T919 is a replacement of the Tap phone. This phone is a much better quality than the Tap. However, I need to upgrade to a $30 data plan instead of the $10 unlimit data plan if I want to continue the internet services with this new phone.

I bought this phone to replace one I had for 4 years. I use T-Mobile pay as you go and this looked like a good choice after looking at the many good reviews.I got the phone and it was as stated in the ad. The phone has a good look easy to operate and I have had no problems with the touch screen.The call quality is very good and the camera takes decent pictures. The phone has the worst battery life I have ever had with a phone. I'm lucky to get two days without having to charge. I even got a new battery and I have the same problems,slightly better with the new one,but not much.

While shopping for an Andriod smartphone, I came across the T919. Honestly, I ordered it because of the price, but I love it. It's important to note that it is NOT a smartphone, but it functions perfectly, works with my provider and is super easy to use. The only thing I can think of that I don't like about it is the lack of apps and games. Other than that, the OS that is factory installed for T-Mobile is pretty great. If you are looking for a good, reliable, easy to use phone, you should definitely check this one out!

this phone is good for the price.Iam an at&t customer and this phone works well with at&t.It has lots of functions and it is easy to navigate.Touch screen is a bit too hard and you know you can't expect too much for this price.Happy to give a four star rating.

This phone is very hard to use. You can't download a lot of the apps at all. Very limited use. I would not recommend this phone at all.

The phone is slow to react to gestures and the UI is clunky. Returned it. The camera was ok. But other phones on the market are way better in terms of quality.

Said the phone was new on the website but when I received, it the charger was clearly used and the phone was clearly used as the life timer on it showed many hours used!!!! Avoid at all costs! NEVER AGAIN.

This phone was for my wife to use in Europe, which is why we wanted it unlocked.  However, when my wife was on her trip she found that the phone was locked.  I would have rated this 5, but it cost us money to get the supposed "unlocked" phone unlocked.  Apart from this significant and unexpected inconvenience, the phone is pretty nice.

Well, this phone has excellent features for the price! What I love most is that simple and comfortable design and long, really long battery life! You cannot find better for this price! Phone menu is just simple and does mostly anything that normal user demands from the phone. So if you have not got more money, just pick up this one!

The phone is a T-Mobile phone and locked to that network.  I orded the phone to replace a broken AT&T phone.  Otherwise, the phone looks nice but beware--mirepresented!

Samsung S5620 phone is much better. Is a little more expensive but much better and you can upgrade the firmware on fastgsm dot com.I bought these 2 phones.

This phone was used when i took it out of the box. It had a music video and had scratches on the keypad.

The Samsung Behold is not a smartphone, just to get that out the way early. It is an exceptional device but smart device it is not. So anyhow, I purchased this phone to replace a recent purchase of a Sidekick LX that as we all know has ceased the use of data. I have a primary phone, the Blackberry 9700, however I like having two lines because when the Blackberry inevitably dies before I get home at the end of each day I will still have a fully charged phone waiting. I will break my analysis of the phone down into sections.

Ordered to replace old phone. Received it within estimated window. Had no problems since putting it into service 2-3 weeks ago.

First of all ,It took a bit longer to arrive than expected. When i finally got it , honestly everything else was fine , brand new phone as expected , battery seems to be holding up just fine considering it's a samsung , one thing that caught my attention was that the usb cable for the charger it came with was used , i noticed cuz the end which connects to the phone was visibly worn and also the label that is on the cable itself. But it still works just fine and still do , but paying for a new phone and getting a used charger in the box is a bit unprofessional , since i orderd a new phone i expected everything to be as new as the phone itself .But i was satisfied with the product overall.Samsung Behold T919 Unlocked Quadband Phone with 3G Support, GPS and 5MP Camera - US Warranty - Brushed Espresso

The Samsung Behold is not a smartphone, just to get that out the way early. It is an exceptional device but smart device it is not. So anyhow, I purchased this phone to replace a recent purchase of a Sidekick LX that as we all know has ceased the use of data. I have a primary phone, the Blackberry 9700, however I like having two lines because when the Blackberry inevitably dies before I get home at the end of each day I will still have a fully charged phone waiting. I will break my analysis of the phone down into sections.PackagingI opted for the overnight shipping, which was only $3.99 on Amazon Prime Student Edition. This phone arrived super fast and the packaging was amazing. When I opened the package I found that the phone was in the original Samsung packaging. When I opened the packaging I found the phone in immaculate shape. The plastic cover was still on the screen, the battery was enclosed in a plastic packaging, and everything looked as if it was brand new. No scratches non-whatsoever. Overall, very professional packaging, which is always much appreciated.Phone Touch ScreenThe screen on this phone is amazingly bright and vibrant. To make a selection on the screen you have to press firmly, which I like but if you are looking for a touch screen that is as fluid as the G1 then you will be disappointed. I have medium fingers and when I first started playing this phone I was annoyed and was kind of glad that it is a secondary phone because otherwise the texting would drive me insane. What I have found is that this is a very sexist phone. If you are a woman and have medium fingernails then this is your biggest ally when typing on the screen. If you are a guy, who typically have short fingernails, I recommend a stylus. Once I started using my fingernails to text and not my fingers I found the process to be quick and efficient with no mistaken letter pushes.Phone Front ScreenThe main screen allows you to modify the icons and move them to the home screen. This is a decent feature that I have found useful. I do wish that we had the opportunity to download other widgets that are more tailored to what you use but the default one's are the only options.Phone Call QualityThe quality of the phone calls are very clear and crisp. No choppy voices or static.BluetoothI was able to connect my Bluetooth to this device in two minutes flat. The Bluetooth call quality was clear and crisp, no issues there.BrowserNow comes the downside to this phone. This browser is a very crude type of browser. With a phone that has so many features you would think that there would be a great browser, or at least efficient. The speed of the browser is decent if you are in 3G. I have not had any issues looking at video's on YouTube or going on Facebook's mobile site however you will not be getting onto any non-mobile sites very easy. That being said, there is a rumor that Opera Mini is a great browser to download however I cannot confirm nor deny this rumor because I was unable to find an Opera Mini browser that was compatible with the Behold.AppsI cannot find any apps to download, period. They do not have a Facebook or Twitter app to download so that's something to consider if that's important to you. I have these apps on my Blackberry 9700 so it's not that big of a deal, although it would be nice to have these apps on both devices. I do not use games on my cell phone devices so I cannot attest to how they handle or where to actually download them from, for that matter.EmailThere is an email wizard to set up email accounts from AOL to Yahoo! to Comcast and Verizon. There is a nice list of carriers, but as this is not a smartphone, school and work email is not supported on this device. I have not set up any email accounts because my emails are all going through the Blackberry.Overall I recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a nice alternative to a smartphone and want most of the benefits and not the daunting and intimidating features. I give this phone a 5 out of 5 because it does everything I am looking for and a little more. If you want to have a more in-depth analysis of the features and see how it handles with other users, go to YouTube and look up Samsung Behold Reviews. This is also useful if you are trying to decide between a few other devices.

I have had my Behold for almost 2 years now.  I bought two of them.  Think I paid $89 at the time.  It is a great phone and since I work overseas a lot, being unlocked was a necessity.  It came and right out of the box it was up and running.I like the camera and get great photos.  However, if there is anything I do not like about the phone it is the handling of photo files.  It has been difficult for me to transfer from Behold to my computer.  It works some times and other times, no.  Even had computer geeks at work try to download with no success.I even downloaded Samsung PC Studio or whatever it is and that did not help.But overall, I love the phone.  I would buy another, like I said, great value.

I must say that I hate the smartphones.  I see no real use for them in my profession of the law.  I see a lot of time being wasted by the smartphone users so I wanted a phone.  Just a phone with ability to receive and answer texts from my kids.  The Samsung Behold is a great phone.  Not the latest but easy to use and very good phone quality.  My wife loves smartphones and wastes lots of time on the web, playing games, etc and she has a Samsung Galaxy S.  I had a Samsung that took a bath in our washer so I needed a new phone.  The Behold was inexpensive, works great and I am happy I bought it.  Amazon was great to deal with, shipping was fast and product was new in boxes.

I was not confident about the price vrs quality.. but turns out this is great! works perfectly and cost les than $100.. Thank God, I did not purchase an Iphone.. it's basically the same..

I don't like this phone because I can not see a second line.  For example: if I am on line with somebody and other person is calling to me and I don't see who is calling to me.  Other think, I have a phone book on this phone and when I need to found out somebody phone number I need to scroll all list of names instead just to type a name of person who I need.So it is not good phone.

I got mine from Seller1on1. Their service is great and order arrived 5 days ahead of promised date. I actually had ordered my 1st phone a few weeks before from OEM shop but it never arrived. Then OEM tells me it was already delivered to me. I checked with shipper(Which OEM should have and the phone was returned to them undeliverable???). So I have to say seller1on1 is a better seller than OEM.Now for the phone: I got it to upgrade from Samsung Blast. I am very excited about it despite of negative reviews. It has all the features that I need and much more.My basic needs were speaker phone, caller picture ID and custom ring tone, Bigger internal memory, Alarms which I have 4 now and can create more, World time clock, Quirky key board and regular phone key board, speed dial, voice dial, calendar with scheduler and sync function so I did not have to re-enter 300 phone numbers. The phone went and downloaded my phone-book from the T-Mo web site where I had previously uploaded.Camera is nice. 5 meg pixel but remember this is not a pro camera it is a facility. For all the functions it has it is really nice. It has a built in flash but don't expect to get a pro picture in dim light.The touch screen takes a little getting use to, but it works fine. Sometimes I use the plastic/rubber tips on the back of my cross pen/pencil set.It is a great pre-smart phone but not really smart phone. Internet connectivity and GPS are very basic but I don't need those functions. When I do I'll upgrade again in a few years. For now I am a road warrior and a computer geek and nothing will do to replace the computer.Screen lock keeps you from accidental dialing and the widgets (Icon) bar easily gets out of the way.Another surprise feature is the wrist strap hook up. Does not come with the strap but I ordered mine from Amazon. Various types are available-- Digital Camera Neck and Wrist Strap Combo by Quantaray, -- 6 Black Wrist Strap Lanyard for Camera Mp3 PSP Cell Phone Wii and other Electronic Devices by The Camera HunterI also ordered screen protector -- Amzer Privacy Screen Protector for Samsung Behold T919  by Amzer.Strap is a great idea cause I usually keep the phone in my hand and often drop it.I also like the fact that I can also buy from Amazon color skin protectors and screen protectors. Those were non-existent for the Blast.The phone screen does hang up sometimes but then so do the computers. On the whole I am very happy, I checked full specifications on Cnet, Samsung and some other review sites. So if I did not list the missing features here or are not on Amazon you can find them there.Update: It is today July 2014 and my phone is still working great.

I got the phone quickly and it is serving its purpose. For the price, don't expect greatness. The phone is small and very light weight.  It works great with a T-mobile plan.

I was looking into a phone for my mom because she recently lost her phone and wanted something a little more modern.This phone is the answer. She's very happy with the phone and uses it just about everyday for the simple things and it looks very nice.Pros:- Internet was surprisingly fast on the phone and the video quality was rather amazing- GPS - the turn by turn direction is a little slow but still performs adequately- Very clear phone calls without any static or interference- The phone looks very clean and niceCons:- Despite how it looks in the pic, it was surprisingly small which makes whatever is on the screen rather hard to press if you have big fingers- The touchscreen is really hard to press, sometimes it doesn't register if you just gently touch it like the newer models- the call, end call, and back button at the bottom of the phone is really hard to press because the buttons are so small..This phone is very small and compact and will perform exceedingly well for simple tasks. I would suggest a bigger phone if you're a guy because no matter how hard you try everything's so small and hard to press. Recommended for a woman or child

The phone look like opened, not new, and miss some menu, They call me and promise send the menu which was missing, but I never get it, and they ask me remove the review they will solve the problem and give me some refund, but after I remove the review more than a month, I got nothing, they lie.  and onlt 2 month, the bettry is only can work one night

it worked,beautiful phone very fast,i liked the look,clear voice,plays music,always like samsung products,never have a problem with samsung,i grew out of if so it was given to family member oversea.

This is not an Android OS, read the description carefully. Know what you are buying, it's a good phone, but does not support android apps.

This phone Samsung Behold T919 Unlocked is a great replacement cell phone. Just insert your existing T-Mobile Sim Card (I have a prepaid) and it's ready to go. I got mine from the SELLER 1 ON 1 brand new. I ordered it first from the The OEM Shop, it arrived on time, but the phone looks like a refurbished phone (used), it came with a different battery, the manual looks like xerox copies not original and the box that it came with has a T-Mobile logo on it not Samsung. I called Amazon and ended returning it back. Then I ordered another one from SELLER 1 ON 1 on Saturday and it arrived Tuesday in just 3 days. LESSON LEARNED - Do not buy from this 'OEM' Shop again.

This seems to be a nice phone but the phone that I ordered was suppose to be new, clearly this is a used phone with another persons phone numbers already in it. Also there was no manual and I don't know how old the battery is but it does not look new either. I should have paid a little more and got my phone from amazon instead of this seller.

When this phone arrived, I was a bit unsure about it because of the generic box. Also, the packaging was somewhat mediocre. But overall, this is a great phone. The delivery was FASTER then I expected. It may have taken 2-3 days time. The device is touchscreen and it supports a micro-sd card. It can play music, store photos, videos... etc. If your with T-Mobile, all you have to do is a quick SIM CARD switch and your set. If not, you'll may have to pay an boot up fee of some sort since your not currently on a T-Mobile contract. If your just trying to upgrade to a newer phone, I highly suggest this one. I am pleased with my product.

No what i though  bad choice the phone didnt work fine bc some times i didnt have signal in my house ppl calling me all day and the phone never ring dont buy it

The phone I got was in perfect condition and everything came with it and I have to say that I was glad

I ordered this phone  from amazon it arrived the next day but the phone wad died. I couldn't charge the phone. Send phone back to amazon and got my money back...I love to shop on amazon and this was the first time i got a phone that did not work. The phone looks great just couldn;t turn...

Love it!!  Had it for 2 and half years and just now starting to go bad...Im going to buy another one just like it!

Bought this phone used. It came fully packaged like it was straight from the manufacturer - with battery, phone charger, usb connection, etc. The phone's appearance was flawless. Phone itself sometimes freezes and can be a little glitchy at times, but overall it serves it's purpose and works fine most of the time. It helps to power off the phone at the end of the day. My biggest complaint is that when I connected the phone to the computer, the samsung software had a problem with the phone being unregistered. I don't know if that is a general error or a user error, but otherwise the phone still charges while connected to the computer. The battery life is decent. Also, the camera works great and comes with a flash. I would not recommend this phone to someone with large hands or fingers. Overall, phone is a good value if you're looking for a touch-screen, non-smart phone, without having to renew your contract with your provider.

This phone works well, has clear sound, a nice touchscreen, and good internet access when used with a t-mobile prepaid card. Just keep in mind that it does not have access to apps, so all those nice things that smart phones do with apps are not available with this phone. The browser is pretty decent, though, and the email service works fine. Just don't expect the functions you get from an Android or Iphone or you will be seriously disappointed.

Good buy for your bucks!! Solid phone with nice touch screen. Can't go wrong with just $85 price tag. Great 5 meg camera too.

it's work for just 8 hour and then the phome restart all the time and t's not working hehehehe this is the last time i buy from amazon

get a call ,try to answer and screen blinks off and on... not worth packing it up and sending back because in need the phone for calls..........my terms it works but screen blinks off and on when talking or trying to see who is calling......would not rec-amend.

Well, despite the bad reviews of the seller, I liked the looks and reviews of this phone and it was the right price.  I got it quickly enough and was very excited when I opened it and actually saw the real thing.  However, I was gravely disappointed to find that the included battery was not for my phone.  It was a different shape and the connector was on the end, rather than the side as it should have been.  I contacted amazon and they first said for me to contact Samsung for a battery.  I said no way!  The description was that it included a battery for this phone and I didn't want to spend more money.  Amazon came back and offered to either refund all my money if I sent back the phone, (which I sure didn't want to do) or send me a $25 refund and I keep the phone.  Amazon is AWESOME and so is this phone.  With Amazon's guarantees of good service, you can't go wrong!

I bought this product and the battery, after a full charge, did not last for more than 10 minutes!! I saw another reviewer had a similar issue. He had also bought this item from OEM so did I. Based on other comments looks like this is specific if the phone was purchased from OEM.I am returning mine.Samsung Behold T919 Unlocked Quadband Phone with 3G Support, GPS and 5MP Camera - US Warranty - Brushed Espresso

I received my phone on time and in good shape.  When the charger did not work, they immediately contacted me and made it right.  IMPRESSIVE to say the least!!  Thank you !!!  That kind of fast customer service is very rare these days.

This phone is amazing, very nice touchscreen phone for smartphone beginners. Sturdy... nothing fancy. All the features worked as expected. Battery lasts longer, assuming I make 4 or 5 calls per day for 30 or 40 minutes of total time, you do not need to recharge everyday unless you listen songs and take videos kind of stuff. Nice touchscreen and easy to operate. We have a problem with the speaker phone (Voice is not clear when you use Speakerphone) but I put rarely on speaker.

Recent trip to Europe, wanted an unlocked GSM quad band phone.  Received the Sunsumg T919 phone...all the vendors shipped the products promply but the phone was a discontinued TMobile device.  Once in Europe purchased a sim card for tele, text and data...the 1st two functions worked but could not get either O2 or TMobile Europe to get the data function working since the device was discontinued there was no information on the phone for settings, etc.

It looked all fine and dandy online. The week of anticipation build up during shipping made expectations high as well. Even upon arrival, the slick little body seemed nearly perfect considering it was just a Samsung and not a Smartphone.BUT -- disappointment rushed in when I began playing with the features.1. The touch screen? FAIL. It was lacking to say the least. The screen is very insensitive and requires multiple taps on the same key to even text.2. For the life of me I couldn't figure out how to turn off the vibration touch recognition without turning off sounds to the entire phone. When the ringer volume is on, the screen makes a (very) annoying beep each time it's touched. When it's on vibration mode, it vibrates. The only way I could find to get it off is to turn off all phone sounds. Maybe there is some secret way, but by this time I wasn't particularly interested in trying to find out.3. My SIM card didn't even work in it! It said it was compatible with T-Mobile, but apparently that means every T-Mobile customer sans me. The SIM card slot is very weird -- I felt like I was sliding my card into a forbidden crevice and had some struggle even getting it back out again.I put the device back in it's little bubble wrap bag and boxed it up, leaving it for UPS store to deal with. Kudos to the seller for processing a quick and easy refund though.

Purchased this in June and worked "ok" for a while. But in trying to text the screen would not automatically turn and show the keyboard. Got worse as time passed. Contacted seller who referred me to manufacturer. Manufacturer said it was out of warranty!! Now has a "thumping" sound and feeling when on the phone and drops calls a lot!  Seller states that it is beyod the "7 day warranty" period.VERY DISSATISFIED WITH PHONE AND SELLER!!

I was disappointed in the look and feel of this phone. Hard to Text, I put this one down quick and tried a better phone.

phone looks new but not sure.usually when you buy a new phone you get manual book,warranty paper.my case i did not receive any kind of instruction paper how to use it or warranty paper or any instruction cd.Samsung Behold T919 Unlocked Quadband Phone with 3G Support, GPS and 5MP Camera - US Warranty - Brushed Espresso

When it works the phone is great. However, the digitizer malfunctions every 24 hours or so rendering the phone inoperable. The digitizer makes the touch screen work. When I remove battery and wait for two days or more and start over, the phone works again.  As a result the phone was useless during my recent international trip.

After using it for 2 years (too long only because T-Mobile does not offer anything to my CALLING needs) I can tell it is a piece of garbage.1. Design is example how not to design mobile phone - lesson of ergonomics needed for Samsung engineers.You hit any button and it "thinks" sometimes up to 2 seconds so you hit again, because you are not sure it accepted your action... so it does two things for you one after another (or voids your initial action while flashing screen where you wanted to be). Other times you select main button to "go back"... and it re-dials last number you dialed (a convenience garbage?! whose logic was that?)2. Flash in camera is useless - it simply makes pictures washed out. Never use this camera in low light (and especially with any case on it as flash bounces on any case edges).3. Photography is not about number of megapixels anymore - it is about quality of picture processing (assuming that lens did not distort it already).4. Interface is... someone on Samsung forum asked correctly: "why do they call it smartphone?". Yes it is sort of "dumbphone". Agreed. You do not want to navigate with slow reaction and then to find yourself in random place, because it rendered control on screen after you lost your patience re-trying.5. Touchscreen is acting like cat - you want this and it picks whatever it wanted or understood. Scrolling phones in your phonebook with swipe gesture is mediocre. It frequently picks phone randomly while you were still swiping. Scroll button on side... whose idea was that? Designer from '80 or '90? It is too slow and i do not have time to scroll for a minute or two to phone close to the bottom of my phone book. Then it has this idiotic behavior after scrolling with swipe of realigning contact to the top of screen like some monkey jumped and you do not know where you have to touch screen for a moment (a toy for a kid might do that - not phone for adults).6. You cannot turn off T9 corrections permanently (in setup) even though you are typing in foreign language that is not on the interface list (Samsung: what interface language has to do with language used for messaging? Should I also speak only in graphic interface languages in order to be able to use it?). So I end up with corrections... to words that phone does not have clue what they mean. Every time I have to hit that button T9 OFF and remember about that when I continue SMS conversation.Similarily use of uppercase letters and auto punctuation. Damn! English is not the only language and it has different rules than the others... and we also send SMS' to foreign friends.Other than that it is a phone like any other voice calling device.Honestly I have to contain myself from throwing this phone against wall, but eventually it might happen. This is one of the worst mobile phones I had.I will buy another Samsung phone only under conditions:1. It is quality designed with interface adequate to human behavior and reactions (which mods by Samsung for Android platform does not guarantee).2. Interface does not fail randomly knowing better from user what to do.3. Samsung supports its product with upgrades (software) for at least 2 years (particular model not "version 2" or "version 3" bragging that they support while one does not have anything to do with other).4. Samsung has clear vision on line of product with platform support (not cheap garabage product random release every month for phones).... which means that likely it will never happen.Time to pick some HTC or iPhone.

This phone was for my wife, who hated her Samsung Gravity-T.She had a very hard time navigating with the Gravity-T and the slide out keyboard was too small for her. The Behold has the vertual keyboard which is large enough for her to see without her glasses and also the touch screen is friendlier to her than the one on the Gravity-T. Although they are both probably the same technology, the Behold seems to be more user friendly even though it is an older phone model. With 3G capability, if she wants to upgrade to a WEB package, she can. Anyway, she is much more satisfied with the Behold.

I've had this phone since it first arrived in late 2008 on Tmobile. I chose it over the G1 and glad I did. It was my first touchscreen phone. I bought a case protector on day one, have dropped it several times on concrete and hard surfaces, but the phone keeps working! I'm not much of an internet user via phone, but I've used it for that on occasion and it works fine. The touchscreen has some scratches, but after two and a half years, thats expected. All of the functions, software, camera still are in great working condition. Samsung makes durable products that are meant to last. I know that doesn't amount to much in today's world because of ever changing smart phones, trends, etc., but when you're paying $300 a pop for a new phone, you like to think it'll last over a year. This phone has outlasted any other phone I've ever had. I had to finally purchase a new battery after two years. It had worked fine up until then but towards the end I had to charge it once a day. With a new battery, it's like new again.-Camera flash is bright-Software is good-Call quality is great-Touchscreen is pressure-5mp camera (although this quality only really comes through in daylight conditions but flash is good)

This is a great model to get acquainted with the TOUCHSCREEN feature. It is very simple to understand. I wanted to keep my review sweet and to the point to describe this awesome device.

This is my first touchscreen cell, and was not disappointed. could have some better ring tones but thats about it.

This will be a great phone for smart phone beginners.  I love the shape and sturdiness of the phone.  The virtual key board is great.Good camera.  Like the back button.  Had some issues with battery charge draining faster.  Overall satisfied with the purchase.

This was my biggest mistake to have bought a samsung phone, these phones are the worst in the world and T919 was no way an exception.

I love Samsung phones but I made a mistake buying this one. It is really basic and has no wi-fi. Good phone for older and younger people.

This phone has lots of great features, a pretty good interface, a high level camera, very good speaker, and is a great bargain for the buck. But some of the features are cumbersome. Both the phone book and the internetare  hard to use because while scrolling, it too sensitive so keeps opening things I don't want as I push the scroll. Annoying but not a deal killer.  Also lots of pre-set icons, websites I can't get rid of.

This phone was the worst i have ever had. The battery life sucks it is only 15 hours if left on.20 hours when turned off then on. I made a bad decision buying this phoneo

Hi,I have used this phone for 1 month now and am very satisfied with it. It has all the functionalities that I want. This ph is best in its price range. You will never get ph for this price. No problems yet.

If you are looking for one where you don't need to press down with a stylus or your fingernail,this isn't the phone for you.Other than that, the phone worked well for the 10 months.I would complain about the multiple dropped calls but it was the service provider! No longer with T-mobile.

I love this phone. Cheap phone for beginners in android phone market. I gave it 4 star because it does not have free WiFi. I have at&t and i can't use the internet services, since the phone was manufactured for T-mobile. But considering the price, it's a decent phone to start with.

Used this phone with an Israeli sim card (from Orange) and it worked absolutely perfectly.Others have commented on the specific features, so I need not repeat.  The phone quality was excellent.  I didn't use the browser very much.  Text messages and voice mail and actual calls were problem free.The charger cord was specific to the phone and when we lost one, it was difficult to find a replacement.  Other than that the phone worked perfectly.We plan to use these with appropriate sim cards in future trips to other countries.

the phone was cheap...and in brand new condition! all parts included...usb ear phones and charger. The phone had never been opened i was a little suprised by the quality.

I got my phone but it's locked with t-mobile and i try to unlock it but got wrong code so now it's freezePlease help me i want to unfreeze and unlock my phone.]

This is a good little cell phone for the money, but where is the GPS as advertised in the product description. The camera is good and easy to use.  I still would like to find the GPS.

This is a good phone for texting and calling. That's about it. Not a good phone for Internet and or using apps. It's just too slow for that type of graphics. Don't settle for this phone if your budget allows you to get something better.

Quite happy with the product. The main reason I bought a new phone was because I could not talk with my old one (palm 680) in noisy conditions. This one is quite good. It is 3G. I also use it as a music player, and to keep some snaps. The touch system is excellent. I am happy with all I use. I cannot go into details of all its capabilities as I do not use all of them.After six month use: Changing rating. Touch screen stopped responding. If electronics goes bad that quickly then it does not deserve high rating.

was sent with wrong battery but recieved an e-mail they would fix things gave them my number and was fixed instantly thank you

Solid phone, this phone feels like a real one. I had it used overseas, and should have brought it back to use here, but it was in great demand, so it was taken by my brother.

i think its nice phone and i like the price i paid for it i have it for a couple weeks now and i am liking it everyday

I don't like this phone what so ever!!! It should be dated 2000, old style texting; not &#34;smart&#34; . I tried to use it but it was fustrating to use since it was so outdated. A waste of money!!!!

I love my new phone and it's even better than advertised, I think.  Easy to use, good price, good quality and received it in a reasonable amount of time.  The tech-folks at Amazon helped me pick the right phone for my needs.

Frankly I was really loking forward to this purchase since this is my first time buying a mobile phone online. Unfortunately this buying experience turns out to be disaster. In the following paragraphs I will expalin why you need to think more carefully before making your decision to buy this cell phone.First of all, although the website lists the product condition as "new". In reality, it's NOT. It is evident when I opened the mailing bag, the package is dented and has ssigns of being forcefully opened before. And small plastic bags containing important parts such as ear phone, charger all have big scratches. If these hints do not suggest the product is used, I don't what will do.Also, the biggest concern of all (I can ignore all the minor problems such as slow shipping), is when I followed all the appropriate steps on the manual to set up the phone and charge it for 4-5 hours (exactly as the manual says), the phone just won't turn on. I even charged it for 10 hours, the screen still won't activaate. Until then I realize the phone itself has serious defeacts that can't be ignored.Before your purchase, please think carefully first about this phone's risks
