
I like the phone.  I'm afraid to try any of the mew phones because they get bad reviews.  After a year the only problem i had was i needed a new battery.

This phone looks nice but the hand set quality is poor, the screen freezes a lot and I purchased the phone new.

I love this phone, its great! The battery really does last long. When I got it the battery was kinda ehh so I sent an email to the person I bought it from, and they was great sent me another battery. This phone can do a lot, but if you think for one second its gonna be like a android then think again, well you might as well not buy it if you compare it to an android.

I loved my Blackberry... BUT! Boost mobile dropped calls, had static on all calls, sound went out & in & people couldn't understand what I was saying.  I was so agitated after a week I just stopped using it & went elsewhere, where I'm very happy at Net 10!

I got this phone and i waited a week before writing this so i could mess with the phone for awhile.... to start the phone is great picture quality is awesome and the internet is so fast i was shocked after reading negative reviews my internet was fast i love that i can make my own ring tones for each person the button are a bit small but i love this phone and i'm pleased with all the things i am able to adjust to my likenesses, this phone is definitely worth the pay. ONE thing i know i'm going to need to get is a memory card because it does not hold much on its own as far as the music player goes... my battery seems to take forever to charge and for some reason don't stay charged long but i'm sure its just something i am forgetting to close i'm not sure..

This is an entry level fairly recent (as of 2011) Blackberry.  I am a Blackberry user (10 years) and know blackberry. I have had Blackberries on Verizon, Sprint, ATT and T-Mobile.  I also have a state-of-the-art T-Mobile 9780 so it's safe to say I know what I'm talking about.This model is good for the money. Especially if you can pick it up for around $150.  It's bound to go lower as it gets older, more used models show up, and the new Boost Samsung Galaxy Prevail (Android 22) gets out and gets popular. The Android does more, and is $10 less a month on Boost since it does not require a Blackberry Plan that is an additional $10 a month.I've had this BoostBerry for two days and have really run it through the paces.  The screen is no where near as sharp as my 9780, but you can't expect it to be.  It's much harder to surf the web. You really have to use the ENLARGE option to read most web content. It does play certain videos you can find on the internet, but does not play others that need Flash - Of Course!Speed seems pretty good.  It does have 3g access capability, but don't expect this to be available in many areas. The Boost 3g network is sparse.  A Sprint person told me that Boost takes a back seat on their network in some cases. I do not know what he meant, but perhaps it will become apparent at some point.  Also, there is NO roaming to other networks. You are on the Sprint Digital CDMA network - PERIOD! The WiFi option gives you the capability to "surf" or listen to XM Radio App when you have no network or lean network, but does not allow phone or text seamlessly like T-Mobile.  You will have to get 3rd party programs to do that. This is sometimes handy. I fly a bit and it's nice to have your T-Mobile UMA Bberry port immediately to the SkyFi and then send and receive texts and emails while you are in the air.  It seems you can't do this with this BoostBerry - I'll continue to try and test that.When you first set it up, don't expect Boost to have it operational quickly. Network Provisioning of Blackberry service on Boost can take a while. Mine took 6 hours before I got an email welcoming me to the Blackberry Network. Boost says this can take up to 76 hours.  Note that my first Boost Blackberry Tech told me my phone was bad and needed to be returned because she could not get it to register emails. The phone was brand new, she simply did not know that provisioning took much longer than a few hours. Keep that in mind!  A Boost Blackberry Technician did NOT know that it took a while to provision the Bberry on the network and insisted I must have a bad phone and should return it.  Nonsense. You will have to be patient - with the activation and with the support!  There you go! Budget carrier? You bet! But you get what you pay for! Luckily I called back and a 2nd rep said "Oh, you just activated the phone 4 hours ago. It's not partitioned yet. Give it up to 76 hours. Luckily 2 hours later I got the "Welcome to the Blackberry Network" message.  From that point on, I had the email up in 10 minutes.To summarize this - You can get text and voice within minutes of activation, but Email and network surfing along with other key features (Facebook - Twitter - Instant Messaging) can take from 6 to 76 hours to provision on the network.Boost has a sub website for setting up your own email ONCE the PARTITIONING is complete. If you try and register before then, you'll not be able to. For setting up email on your Boostberry. Boost will provide this link to you if you call them to set up your BoostBerry.Unlike OS 6 on the ultra-modern BBerries, you can at least run some neat apps like XM/SIRIUS radio. This does not work on the newest BBERRIES because OS6 does not support XM/SIRIUS apps.  You CAN'T run other apps like CODE MUNCHER as these ONLY work on OS 6. So there are trade-offs.Social networking is available, but separate and not integrated like OS 6 is.  You have to apply separate Twitter, Facebook, and similar apps to engage these features.  Anyone used to any BBerry on an OS older than 6 will not care as only 6 integrated these for you seamlessly.The battery life?  One of the main reasons I took off one star. It's not great. You better travel with a charger for your day journeys and for sure have a car charger.  The phone sucks up battery life.  My 9780 would give me a full day NO PROBLEM even with huge streaming. This model from Boost?  Maybe 6 hours if you are a heavy user. You'll have to recharge during the day.The internal memory only gives you about 110 meg additional to load apps, so you can't go CRAZY with apps or downloads to the main memory. You can only load apps to the main memory. The 2 g card that is included is for external memory - and I've not played enough with that to give you a good benchmark of what can and can't be accessed easily from it.Two minor things that are driving me crazy.I keep getting nonsense texts on the BoostBerry that make no sense at all. They appear to be system messages but are garbled and you can not make any sense out of them. Boost says they don't know why.  It's probably an issue with provisioning since I moved my service from another boost phone to this.Speaking of that... my OLD Boost phone keeps getting my Voice Mail message alerts.  I just edited this review, so it's been over 76 hours, and provisioning should be quite complete. Yet if I get a VM on my Boostberry, the old boost phone alerts me I have a message waiting. You can't USE the old boost phone, and YES, I had it off for 76 hours to make sure it did not interfere with the new Blackberry provisioning. Weird. But... It's a BUDGET cellular carrier! You get what you pay for!That's about it.Know you are buying a budget phone from a budget company, and you'll not be disappointed. If you are coming from such outstanding customer service companies like T-Mobile and are used to state-of-the art phones and service? You are going to be disappointed!It's worth the 60 bucks a month (shrinkage down to 45), and for an additional 5 bucks, international calling?  That's a good deal for many!

These speakers easily answer a need to improve the speakers on almost any laptop.  Doing a lot of travel for work and having to do video presentations these units come in handy.  They greatly improve the audio performance of any laptop and don't need a lot of extra cables since space is always at a premium.  highly recommend these to anyonePros: Increase the audio capability of any laptop.  Compact and easy to take with you anywhereCons: None so FarHighly recommend to anyone looking for a compact travel speaker

This is a good phone along with a good company too. It might not be the best phone on the block, but it sure will get things done like sending text, emails and pictures.

I have complaints of this service ... I placed my order from March 14th ans today is march 18 and they're not even been purchased, I am very upset because they say they are 2 days of purchase and it has been 4, I sent a couple of MESSAGES seller and have had no response.

As everyone and I has owned 3 or more phones. This Boost Mobile is the ONE OF THE BEST. You get ALL the futures with less payments. It has a strong signal since it is Sprint. If you want to text, apps, and SO much more for a savings $$$. Lots to learn about the use of this phone. So it is not for someone who hates so much to understand the futures.

The BlackBerry 8530 is a nice phone . It is compact and very user friendly . The only drawback is the battery life . With the way I use this phone , I'm going to need an extended life battery . Knowing what I know now , I would still purchase this phone .

MY blackberry broke so i ordered another one on amazon. I had to reactivate the phone i ordered and for a month straight until now i cant browse on it. Even Boost Mobile Service doesnt know how to fix that problem! Its pointless as to why I even purchased the blackberry and paying $60 a month for NOTHING. You cant browse nothing! GARBAGE...

my brother's original phone had a deadly encounter with a mop bucket of water.  but he loved his phone and wanted the same model, got this cheap and he loves it.  works great!

This seller is very responsible because I emailed them to know about the arriving of the phone. I thought I was going to wait several days for a reply but I was surprised when they contacted me the very next day .I received my blackberry on time without any problem or any damage . I could switch my phone number to Boost although I had to wait for two hours and then try to contact Sprint. But after that, no issues .

The phone didn't arrive until a week and a half after I ordered it, even with Amazon Prime. I didn't realize it was only a Boost Mobile phone when I bought it. Boost customer service stinks and the plans are not any cheaper than anywhere else. Just buy yourself a real smart phone

I switched from Metro to Boost. I ordered my Blackberry Curve 8530 from shopcelldeals on Amazon for only $117.99. After the shipping fees, my total came out to be a low $122.98. On the Boost Mobile website, it costs $179.99. If I were to stay with MetroPCS, it'd cost $149 + tax. I don't know about you, but out of all of them, $122 sounds pretty good to me. Not only was the price very low, the shipping and service with shopcelldeals was incredible. I ordered my phone on October 17, 2011, already knowing that I had until the 22nd to receive it to avoid paying two phone bills (MetroPCS and Boost Mobile), because your phone service MUST be on in order to keep your number. I took the chance because of the great reviews I read. Still unsure, I emailed the company on October 18, 2011 to ask about the delivery of my phone, and inform them of my concerns. Surprisingly, they responded to my email the SAME DAY! I was reassured that my phone would arrive before the 22nd. That was a sigh of relief because the estimated arrival was said to be October 21-October 26. I'd be doomed if it arrived on the 26th. It was a close call! Needless to say, my phone arrived on October 20, 2011. It was around the area at 8AM in the morning, but didn't reach my house until 4pm (but that is because my mailman comes around 4-5pm). I am VERY happy with my purchase! The phone is better than I expected, jumps from page-to-page with no problem, the resolution is great, it is lightweight but not at all cheaply made. I LOVE IT! You can't go wrong with this phone, or this company. It came in the Boost Mobile original packaging which made the deal 10x sweeter. It is just like buying it in the store, only in my opinion, 10x better! You will not be disappointed in this phone. I don't normally write reviews, this is my first time, so that just goes to show how happy I am with my purchase. I hope I helped you in your decision. Cheers!P.S. If you are worried about poor battery life, I haven't had any problems with mine. All I did was charge my phone before I began to use it, and its been perfect every since. I charge it completely every two days and it lasts despite heavy use!

I had the Samsung Galaxy that I paid $400 for. Never again! I NEVER had battery life, I was lucky that it even lasted 6 hours from start to finish and thats that I didnt use it at all. Pretty crappy phone, which brings me to this. Before I trailed off to other crappy phones, Ive always had Blackberrys. Dont know why I changed, I guess I was bored. Anyways, what I love about this one in particular is that it doesnt have the track ball, its not huge, but not small either. The battery life is FINE, I dont understand why people are complaining so much. I mean, what kind of phone only needs 2 recharges in one week? With constant usage I HIGHLY doubt that, as one reviewer claimed. This BB last me ALL day, from 8 am to 12 am till it is finally about to die, with constant usage, unlike my galaxy which I almost never used to conserve energy.Most people recharge their phones at night anyways, just recharge this BB every night and youll be fine. What I like about BBs is that its VERY manual. This is a phone you can configure to you needs and do countless things. You can even play vids. Though sometimes what the BB does is download it first and then it can play it. Idk. As long as I can play vids its fine. I liked the galaxy for that but whats the point if you never have battery? Texting is a little on the small side, but I love Qwert keyboards, which this has, duh.Overall, Id recommend ONLY if the person is computer or phone savvy...or atleast has high common sense. Blackberries arent for everyone, people just buy them because atleast they can add a contact and call, but this phone is soooo much more than that. BTW, I got this phone wayyyy ahead of time, like 4 days ahead so GO SELLER! The shipping was awesome.I gave it 4 stars because I really like it, but Im not in love with it either. The screens resolution isnt that great, its just decent and some apps work awkward for the BB (i.e facebook app  The good thing is however you can record vids, connect to wifi, even get apps, so thats cool.

MY PHONE MESSED UP AND I PURCHASED THIS ONE AND IT IS AWESOME WORKS GREAT AND I JUST LOVE IT

I thought this would be a great phone to have, I could just put money on it when I needed an extra phone for a for weeks or a month. That's not what this is! You must subscribe to monthly contracts! you cant just put a 200 hundred minutes or subscribe for a single month! You might as well just go out and get a cheap IPhone.

not the worst phone it can call and text and take cheap pics but its not that good of a phone.

I SENT IN A ORDER FOR THIS PHONE THE COMPANY TOOK THE MONEY FROM MY CARD I HAVENT RECIEVED THE PHONE AND NOW IM ABOUT TO FILE FOR A LAW SUITE

My first buy with Amazon.com, I just love my Boost Mobile BRRIM8530 and for the price, unbelievable, looking forward to buying another Black Berry Curve.

I went from the boost mobile i465 to this boost mobile blackberry 8530 and i love it. in 2011 im just now cking facebook and yahoo on my phone i never have to go to the computer now and days because i can ck everything on my phone. the internet browser is great! and with my google app. its easier to find everything. and with the $60 unlimited plan i couldnt get a better deal! I purchased the phone and within two days i received it, and at first the phone was taking a long time to load up so i took the battery out and put it back in and now its faster and jumps from screen to screen. i have no complaints so far. I'm very proud of my purchase and recommend it to anybody!

I got the phone on time. This phone is just what I wanted, it is nice, many apps, but the best thing is that the price was cheaper than the price in the Boost Mobile website. I just could not believe the price of this cell phone. I activated the phone the same day I got it and everything was perfect. It is working and I am very happy.

I love the phone so much !! I can't put it down at all !!the only thing was the packaging of this item !! it was not in a box at all, it was shipped to me in an envelop that has bubbles !! I felt like it did not have enough protection !! other than that , I recommend the phone and Boost service !!!!

I'm from Barbados and bought this for my girlfriend. Was surprise to see this doesn't have a slot for a sim card which was very disappointing. All other functions of the phones works. Should inform customers next time.

I would love to tell everyone that I love the boost mobile blackberry 8530. I have several blackberries and paid high prices for contract service. In November 2011, I took on the blackberry service. I don't regret it. I wished boost would bring out another blackberry. This phone gets tv, radio, internet, kindle, games, youtube, facebook, twitter, pen interest, and many other apps. I get mini opera browser which makes it easier to search. I have had two android phones from boost mobile and neither one of them would hold the battery charge like the blackberry. It has less dropped calls than any other boost mobile phone that I had. Since, the price is less than 100$ you can't beat the value. Trust the other carriers would charge way more than boost mobile for a smart phone like a blackberry. The facebook app is awesome. You can tag and instantly upload photos from the pictures without actually going to facebook. This is an added value to me. I listen to the radio all day long on my phone. The signal is great. I am hooked on my blackberry. So, for those looking for a smart phone that actually works I recommend the blackberry 8530. The price plan starts out at 60$ for unlimited everything, however with the payments on time for 18 months it would drop to 45$. You try to find that somewhere else. My niece and nephews constantly throw the phone on concrete, in water, and put stick fingers all over it. This phone has taken a beating since I purchased. Hey, it still works just has scratches on the back. Other than it is great. The video camera takes clear quality sound pictures and filming. The regular camera is just like all other phones. But, for the price you can't beat this blackberry plan and phone.

Awesome Phone i just love it i can download apps and play games and surf just like an iphone.Nice Sleek Design i like the glossy black!No trackball so no Dirt stuck in it giving it hard time to maneuver

If you ever want to see your pet wallabeast again, you will put 27 dollars in unmarked nickels and leave them in a brown paper bag at the corner liquor store.  Listen, I have to get off the phone because I'm almost out of minutes.  Yes, it's a prepaid phone.  Whats it to you?  Look, maybe I like a real keyboard and don't want to be locked into a long term contract.  No, I have never heard of Angry Birds.  I have this thing called a map in my car.  Y'know what?  Forget it!  I'm keeping the wallabeast.  BTW, what does he eat?  EXCUSE ME!  What does SHE eat?

Bought the phone for my daughter maybe they should state clearly for use in the united states only she can't get the bis or bbm working so its a blackberry with only wats app and calls

This is the coolest thing I've found in a long time. The sound is amazing. I have to admit I was not expecting it to sound that great. But it was a wonderful surprise. The problem with laptops is the speakers are so low, you have to be right in front of them to hear. Which is a problem when watching a movie on a laptop while cooking dinner. With Case Logic R110, I actually have to turn the sound down. I loaned it to my son, and he wanted one too.

Well i got it in three days which was good but it was listed as new and when i went to activate the phone the company charged me a 10 dollar reactivation fee,i mean it was only 10 dollars but it said it was a new phone should have specified that it was used  not new.

Although I like the phone for texting. I do not like the phone for phone calls for the service is horrible. My old phone worked so much better.

I  bought this phone about 8 months ago & I have had service through Boost since then with this exact model & color Blackberry phone, so far I love it & that's an understatement.  I use the monthly unlimited shrinkage plan so I can use the internet & make as many phone calls & make & receive texts for as long & as much as I want & it's still the same price every mo.  The shrinkage plan started at $60/mo & is now down to $55/mo & will go down again in a few months.  I have not had one single dropped call the entire time I've owned this phone, I kid you not.  Calls sound crisp & clear & loud.  Display is bright & clear & crisp as well.  The track pad is nice & sensitive & works great.  I wish the letter/number buttons were larger but that's just my personal preference.  E-mail is quick & easy to read & manage.  I have Facebook & Twitter on it & they're the real actual applications not texts or shortcut apps.  There are tons of apps through Blackberry app world which you can access & download right through the phone with extreme ease.  It comes with games but you can download more if desired just like most Smartphones.  The battery needs to be charged frequently if you're using the internet a lot, the net tends to suck the energy out of the phone quickly, I would suggest also purchasiung a car charger.  It also comes with a built in GPS no extra charge which speaks directions to you as you're driving, neat feature.  Start up & powering down are very very quick.  It takes photos & video however photos are pretty poor in low light, same for video, if you're taking a photo or video inside your house be sure to have LOTS of light as there is no flash built into this phone.  You will also need some type of silicone cover to protect the phone, the back is slippery & can easily slip out of your hand.  The Blackberry emblem on the back of the phone was cheaply made as the little silver dots are falling out-so far I've lost 3 of them.  I use this phone mostly for long distance phone calls & sometimes checking Twitter or e-mail & I'm very happy with it, happy with the quality & ease of use & with the Boost mobile plane, seriously you can't go wrong with unlimited everything for $55/mo.

I like the phone, but can not get the apps to download. It took a lot to get through to boost customer service, but once I did tech support worked really hard to get the issue resolved. I think I was on the phone for close to an hour with them trying but just could not resolve the issue. So....good phone as long as you dont need to download any additional apps, otherwise, pick another phone.

I MANGED Sprint, worked for NEXTEL, and also worked at Alltel. I know phones. This beats them all. BUY IT! You wont be disappointed!

this product was shipped on time and it works great..i have no issues with the phone and no problems activating it even though it does not take sim card

The Blackberry Feature is pretty good and I can't say enough about the Boost Mobile Service. I find Boost Mobile to be very competitive with the other carriers that charges you an arm and a leg just for the same service that I get for much lower cost with Boost Mobile. As for the phone itself it is great my only complaint is that the battery life is awful and the battery cover is very loose. Other than that I have to say that I am very satisfied. The battery life and the loose coverings are the only reasons why I gave it only three stars.

The Phone was schedule to arrive after december 25 and it arrived on december 23, b4 christmas isnt that great.I was hesistant to change to boost i had SPRINT for 7 years I was pAYING way to MUCH $$$ to SPRINT,  Now i AM paying BOOST 65 a month including state tax. my plan is 60 a month unlimited blackberry talk text web, the 5 $ is the state tax when u purchase airtime. it is so easy i activated my number i PORTED my old number from SPRINT to BOOST I then activated my airtime online with boost it took like 3 minutes to complete. I enrolled in automatic debit payments this way my service will never be interrupted.every 20th of the month they take out 65 dollars. The best is every 6 months they lower my bill in a year and a half ill be paying 45 $ dollars a month for blabkberry unlimited talk text and web. you can also buy insurance thru boost for 5 bucks a month but i didnt. if somethig happens ill buy a new phone the PRICE WAS GREAT ON AMAZON. Thanks AMAZON. I am a difficult person to PLEASE and this was a great experience!!!

Its a good phone one of a few pay as you go smartphones if you are looking to talk text & use the web

Awesome device for the price. You just can't beat it. Allows me to do everything I need and a whole lot more to boot.

Great phone....great service! Husband had ATT and service ended so we purchased this...price was fantastic, arrived fast. Better sevice than with ATT...less dead spots. Shrinkage plan is great for this unlimited service plan. Everything is included so it's a fantastic deal!

As advertised.  Hey, it's a Blackberry and it works like a blackberry so life is good so far.  Tried an Android but returned it and went back to the blackberry.  I just like their way of doing email account filtering which Android hasn't got a clue to yet.

I ordered this product Friday and received it Monday morning! I wasn't even expecting it until at least Wednesday!! I also got it for almost HALF the price it would've been in the store or even the product's website. They are fabulous and I am very very happy!!!

I thought it only fair people should know this is my 2nd Boost Mobile Curve 8530.I've tried 4 different batteries and two different curves and the Battery life is abysmal!!!  I have an older 8310 and 8330 that was amazing, I could talk on and off and charge it once or twice a week.  I've got this new curve plugged into my car and my computer and the wall all the time.  Not sure what the heck they did to mess it up, but it sux.  I turned off brightness, bluetooth and wireless.  I can't imagine having them turned on, your battery would die in 2 hours just sitting there.  Anyway, your stuck if you want this 8530 with Boost because it's all they have other than a Droid.  Caveat Emptor and good luck!4 stars for great phone and 1 for battery life bring it down to a 3

I bought this USB speaker in the first week of August. it stopped working today. then I wrote a bad review. i was looking for another speaker to buy. saw a comment from an experienced user about sound settings and default audio device in a one star review of a logitech speaker. i adjusted my settings that way and it is working fine. I wonder why i had to adjust the settings after 2 and 1/2 months.the design is not ok. the heavy head doesn't stand straight up and almost breaks my USB port. I had been using it with a USB hub. next time i should buy a soundbar, a good one.I don't know how, the item has recently changed to Blackberry phone. so strange!

The phone and it's reviews match, the phone is great.  But i don't know if the phone is a new one or a refurbished.  I was told new but I hear a lot of squeaking on the phone and that's my only complain.

I got this phone after going through 3 of the 8330's.  They were junk, and constantly gave me problems.  Water sensitivity, and long boot times, and no wifi made that phone a slug.  The updates 8530 however is an improvement in every way.  The only beef that I have with it, is that it no longer uses a usb 2.0 to charge/data.  They have moved to a proprietary plug, so i needed to get all new chargers.  Aside from that though, I love it.  Very fast, stable and reliable.  Great Value........if your on boost, this is the next best thing to the i1

My wife and I had Verizon for about 6 years, then I found out about Boost Mobile. We bought two Boost Mobile Blackberry Curve 8530 phone, and I must say I am impressed. In certain supermarkets we cannot get a signal with any Verizon phone, but we haven't had that problem with the Boost Mobile Blackberry Curve. The audio quality is better than any cell phone I or my wife have ever owned.

At first when I received the product I was super excited and it was working fine! Although the letter O was hard to press. IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN 30 DAYS AND ITS BROKE! Today someone sent me a text message and I went to go check it and at first the trackpad was jumping all over the screen acting weird then I tried using the keyboard buttons and nothing worked. I went and restarted the phone the nothing worked! I sat at the computer hours upon hours trying to figure out WHAT was wrong with the phone, figuring it was a software problem I reinstalled everything and still nothing! It has no sign of water damage, has not been in any damp places, hasn't been dropped (its been in a protective case and screen cover is on it for crying out loud!), I'VE BARELY HAD A CHANCE TO USE THIS PHONE, I only had it 7 DAYS! I am a college student so this WOULD have been helpful and now I don't have any money to purchase another phone! Now i'm lost i have NO WAY of staying in contact with anyone, nothing!I feel like i wasted my money and time, like I was ripped off! Don't buy it save your money! This makes me not EVER want to buy another Blackberry AS LONG AS I LIVE!
