
got my order in two days. its a basic startup android, awesome price for the functionality  it has. the galaxy prevail is A+ phone, small phone that packs a whole lot of options especially with the droid market.

Had problems with the phone shutting off alot. But took it to a phone repair store and now it works great.

I have had this phone for 1 week.I switched from a Black Berry curve 3g from at&t.The reception from the black berry is by far greater than the boost prevail.The key board takes a little getting use to but with the voice recognizer its no big deal.The at&t plan was nearly $120.00 a month and that wasnt even unlimeted.The boost plan is only $50.00 a month and after every 5 months of paying on time your bill drops $5.00 a month untill you get down to $35.00 a month.That is also unlimited every thing.This phone has thousands of ring tones and screen savors.It has more apps than I know what to with.I have a 16g mem card but cant down load the music from my computer.It does have the pandora app,they basically have any song you would ever want to hear.If I could change three things on this phone they would be a bigger screen,better battery life and better reception.Other than that I absolutely love this phone.To At&t love your reception but its not worth $.

I really like this phone...it's very neat. I dislike the battery life though. It's very easy to use and not too big or bulky.

My husband and i got each other one for Christmas last year. I'm still using it. It's a nice phone. I will probably look for something to replace it next year though. I would prefer a slide out keyboard AND touchscreen instead of the virtual keyboard ONLY. But still really nice phone.

I'm  already having problems with it charging. I had to buy a separate battery charger just to charge this phone.

The phone at the beginning was ok, but after a year or so, it started to act up.Now, it shuts down byitself, many times i have to reboot it in order to make phone calls, it freezes many times, it is really giving headaches,  I would not recommend it at all

This review is not focused just on the phone, but rather on how the latest iteration of Android affects it.By now, the three biggest issues with the Samsung Galaxy Prevail are well known.  Those being: 1.) the skimpy camera with no focus and no flash; 2.) the limited internal storage; and 3.) the problem the phone has with freezing up 3 - 4 times per day.  But what is probably not so well know is how the new OS upgrade has affected these issues.About 5 days ago, I received a request on my phone to upgrade from Froyo (2.2) to Gingerbread (2.3).  The new operating system has affected two of these major issues.  Obviously, the camera still cannot focus and still has no flash.  But the freezing issue seems to be completely gone!  However, it appears that Gingerbread eats up about 10 - 15 more megabytes of internal storage.  That may not sound like allot if you have one of those fancy super phones with over 2 gigabytes of internal storage, but when using the prevail, every megabyte counts.Still, I'd have to say that the fix to the freezing issue outweighs the extra storage usage.  So, I'll be sticking with Gingerbread.

If you bought an Android is because you want to use everything like internet, text message, email, applications, ect.  Boost mobile service have been good for me.  The review is for the phone.The internal memory is almost full with the programs that the phone needs for work, this is enough for dont allow to use the applications like email, text message, ect..  If I receive a text message I need to delete it after read it, same to email, in the begining with 2, now with 1 and sometimes even after delete them the phone give me the message "memory full".  If you don't delete them you wont receive more. This is happen even only with Facebook and free call application installed in the phone; if I need another application I need to delete one of them or both.  FB is closed too frequently.  There applications that came with the phone that I cant uninstall or move to the card, like Point, I tried for get more space.  Fail downloading the updates.Sometimes I tried to close a call touching the End, or get the pad for the numbers in the middle of a call and I cant.  I had experience with other touch screen phones.  The person who gave me the phone like a gift feel embarrace when saw me tried to answer a call sliding too many times.  Those problems dont happen all the time but are not suppose to. You lost calls for cant answer it. I gave 3 star because if they add more space would be a great phone.

It's a cheap phone that lets you access Android apps.  Didn't really bother with the manual, was intuitive enough to figure out.  The good news is you can get Angry Birds for free on this, the bad new is you can get Angry Birds for free on it.  Wasted time doing that, then deleted it so I can get things done.  GPS with traffic and turn by turn voice is free on the phone.  Need to recharge it at night, just get a charger for work or car then recharging is a non-issue.  Does voice dialing too, haven't played with that feature much, just once and it worked. I can keep up to date on my two major email accounts, text, play scrabble, check directions and traffic, check weather and map bike rides.  Camera is not tremendous quality, but is better than on my old cheap phone. This is my first smart phone, and was a great choice for me.  I rarely write reviews, but enjoy my phone enough that I was inspired to do so.  It's not an Iphone, but if you expect an Iphone for this price and this cheap a service plan, I think you'll be disappointed, and likely have unreasonable expectations about many things in life.Update:Still very happy (enough that I came back to update the review).  I bought two extra batteries and a separate cradle charger.  Cost $12 or so, and by keeping at least one of those charged, I can easily swap batteries and be at full charge, and don't have to worry about docking the phone.  For travel or long bike rides, I charge both and can use it heavily for a couple days without charging.  The battery is very accessible when you want to access it, but doesn't pop out when you treat the phone roughly.  I also accidentally briefly dunked it in the sink once, yanked the battery out as quick as I could, and dried both off quickly.  Left it in dry rice overnight and it was fine the next day.  YMMV, learn from my clutziness rather than trying it yourself.  The majority of apps I've wanted have been usable.  Several games for my young daughter, so she likes to play with it on long car rides.

My prevail is the best phone I've had the pleasure of owning. The phone overall is fast and the apps are beyond useful.

Bought this phone on November 2, 2011 and price dropped on November 11, 2011.  Beware, Amazon will not issue you a credit if the price drops!! Wal-mart will have same phone for $70.00 on Black Friday.

This is my first Smartphone, and I've had it for about four months. Aside from the calls being dropped once in a while, it functions fairly well. I am able to access the internet through any wifi connections available, and I love that I can connect my phone to the aux jack in my car to listen to music, or to utilize its gps function for directions. This week though, I realized some of my texts aren't getting through and neither are some of my calls (outgoing and incoming with certain numbers). This can be a major pain in the rump if you are a frequent texter, or cell user in general. I certainly hope there's another network update to eradicate this issue.

yall sent me a phone a house charger and a car charger witch i never use i had this phone for a little over 30 days and now my battery wont even hold a charge i guess im going to have to buy a new battery for it or a new phone

I bought the phone because of all the droid hype. It's a good little phone, but does have some annoying quirks that I hadn't heard about the android system. If the internal storage problem or the ability to delete unwanted system apps gets fixed it would be an awesome product. The display is bright and vibrant, it's a snap to navigate, I love the gaming on any forum, and the sharp graphics are a big plus to me.

Well, had this phone for over a year now.  Definitely a good phone overall, but after a year's time, I am looking into making an upgrade in the near future.The good:The GPS function on this phone is really good (use Navigation, not the Telnav)Call quality has been solid for a lot of areas (uses the Sprint network)3G network is good in most areas (again, uses the Sprint network)Keeping track of your E-mail is surprisingly goodHas the ability to be upgraded to 2.3.6 AndroidThe bad:After a years time, battery life is becoming an issueProcessing speed isn't so sharp compared to the newer phones that Boost carries nowSome of the main on board aps aren't all that goodThe ugly:On board storage is dismal, just near 200 MB.  Even with aps to transfer most aps onto the microSD card, a lot of them will not transfer.Battery can become really hot as mentioned from other posters on here, and with the way as mentioned in the bad column, can be a dire issue for those who wish to expand more for their phone.Overall, for those who are wishing to learn the ropes for at least a year of using an Android phone, this is surprisingly a decent start.  Worthwhile, but don't expect the absolute best.

great work. it works on time every thing good does what it says good price good for a giftnot long battery life i say 4-6 hrs

If you have used the iPhone then you are about to be dissapointed.  The phone is small, battery life is worthless.  I bought mine and already is on the selling block, it is very difficult to type anything, to find what you might want to do, you better spend some time with the info book and sudy the thing for hours!  Frankly, it is a phone that you have to go by steps to achieve anything you want to accomplish.  Bottom line, not happy with it.  There is nothing like the iPhone.  Man am I sorry I got this thing.  Don't waste your money!

This phone is an android on a unlimited service on a national network for less than $50 month.A little small but quality.Battery is fast draining on the Navigation.  If you use car charger it is ok.Uses Micro USBEasy to find cases and screen guard.

So, I had purchased this in June 2011. 3 months later, I am loving it just as much as when I first used it. I do have to charge this phone once or twice a day (depends if I use it a lot), but that's to be expected. That is honestly the only con that I can find in this phone. I absolutely love it. My husband bought one for himself in August after he saw and fell in love with mine. However, this is my first touch screen phone. If you are used to fancier phones, I am not sure if this phone would be right for you. But, it is definitely worth the price!! :-)

I've had this phone Since July 1, 2011 and it has yet to do wrong by me...majorly at least. I will explain:For my general use: I browse the internet, Google search on the go, Facebook..of course, and pretty much call and text. I don't use it for those things when I am home seeing as we have a desktop computer that does all of that much faster, but I didn't expect mobile web to be blazing fast in the first place...so no let downs there. The battery lasts me all day generally and I don't really have many problems on a day to day basis. It really is a great android phone for the price if you want an android and unlimited plan for cheap to browse the web and stay in touch when you aren't at home. (Of course it works for the basic cell phone needs.)On the other hand, I've noticed that the longer I have it...the slower it gets. I haven't downloaded any new applications because I don't have any room; I had to delete most of the ones that I did download because the RAM was full to the brim and nothing would move to my SD card. The phone slowed down significantly when the new "Android Unlimited" plan came out in October and I wasn't on it because it wasn't available when I bought the phone in July, but that's neither here nor there since I could upgrade to the Android plan any time. Samsung has never done me wrong, and this phone is really no exception. I dropped this phone in puddles, down stairs, in my driveway...anything. It has come apart on impact a number of times and it STILL works better than many of the previous phones I've had (such as LG, Motorola...blah blah blah) that I've put through my usual abuse (I'm clumsy, it's not that I just throw my phone around, not that anyone cares). My only problems really came with the space and...bringing me to my next biggest problem: Force Close.This phone has a problem with shutting down things it should be able to run NO problem. A majority of the time, it runs everything smoothly, but when it force closes one app...it will force close EVERY app, internet search, text...anything...until you restart the phone. It sometimes comes to the point when I have to put the phone down and leave it for the day for the fear of throwing it.Other than the space and the force close...I'm pleased. Samsung still hasn't failed me majorly.I do not recommend this phone for people looking to play games and whatnot on your phone...not a good idea. The phone freezes and...it's just completely maddening.

The phone is great. I've had it for a little over a month and no complaints there. Reception is fine too. The problem is the horrendous customer service at Boost Mobile. I tried to take advantage of a $30 promotional credit when I bought my phone and spent several emails and probably an hour total on the phone being transferred around to a parade of incompetent phone reps only to be told I couldn't receive the credit (after I was initially told I would and that I would see it hit my account in two weeks). Trying to get an actual person on the line through the Boost Mobile toll free customer service number is virtually impossible.

I have had the phone for a week and like the apps wish i could take a couple off. The battery life sucks i have to charge it every day but i kinda expected that, and now the phone is freezing up i keep having to reset it kinda annoying.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Prevail for Boost Mobile thinking that I was getting a great deal on an Android smartphone, but I wasn't aware of how severely limited this device would be.I have no complaint about the service; for the price, Boost Mobile is a great service.  The Samsung Galaxy Prevail, however, should not be sold on the market.  It's that bad.  The cell was advertised as Android 2.2, but little did I know that flash does not work on it.  That's right, they purposely disabled flash (one of the biggest advantages of owning an Android over an iPhone).The phone itself is extremely buggy, and is constantly crashing resulting in a reset of the phone or just a power-off (which is extremely unfortunate when I'm waiting for people to call me and I don't realize my phone has shut itself off).The phone has very little internal memory, but, considering how little it has, it makes it impossible to use this phone as a smart phone.  If you purchase this phone, you will not be able to download more than one or two apps.  Period.  I used the expansion slot to add 16 Gb of space, but it did me almost no good as most apps need to run off the phone.  Apps that would be able to run off the memory stick I cannot download either, as the phone itself does not have enough space to allow download and transfer to the memory stick.Also, the phone is now experiencing a kind of drive failure that has disabled me from downloading or updating any apps on the phone.  I am going to have to buy a new phone at this point.To summarize, if you are looking for a good smart phone then stay away from the Samsung Galaxy Prevail.  If you just need something to work as a phone and don't really care about the smart phone features then stay away from the Samsung Galaxy Prevail.  This phone makes Samsung look very bad.

Although the phone had good features for the price I paid in 2011 ($150), there are serious problems with this phone, the most serious of them are the very short battery life and severe charging problems. After exactly 15 months of purchasing it, it does not charge any more. I replaced the battery and the phone worked until the battery run out, but couldn't charge it anymore even though I tried several type of charges. The phone is dead now. Samsung will repair it for $80, which is close to the current cost of the phone. Aside from that, the phone blocks out every time you make a phone call, therefore it does not allow you to dial, for example an extension # or to select options from a menu when prompted by the other. The on/off button is very hard to press and you end up with shoulder pain. I would not recommend this phone or the next ones in the series. Online reviews about them mention battery and charging problems too. The Samsung factory will not be responsible for the factory defective problem. They want you to buy a new, more expensive one. I am not buying Samsung cellphones anymore!

My first Android phone.  Works well but internal app memory (RAM) somewhat limited methinks.  You can load maybe 5-10 apps in addition to the preloads (which can't be deleted).  So you get these "Phone memory full" messages.  If you want to run lots and lots of apps this phone is not for you.  The screen lock that occurs when you answer the phone keeps locking again after you unlock which is a bit annoying. But it does everything else great and I quite like it. The upgrade from Froyo to Gingerbread was nice also.

Easy to set up service with Boost mobile. Took less than an hour.The phone has good call quality. I like all the features this phone has. I did have trouble with the phone restarting itself. If the phone gets a little bump or I drop it on the table the slightest bit, it will restart itself. I called Samsung and they had me reset the phone to factory settings and this solved the problem. Samsung tech line was very helpful. The screen time out sometimes acts weird. Instead of dimming down and going out, it will get brighter then go out. Only once in a while though. I don't know if it the network/signal or what but I have lost 3G service a few times. I had to restart the phone it get it back. Overall I like this phone. It is my first smart phone. It has all the features I need. I was skeptical about not having a real keyboard but the Swype text is amazingly accurate. It does not recognize some words once in a while but I think there is a way to put them in the phone. I have to charge the battery everyday. I do play games often so I guess that is why.

Great product; provides and opportunity to enter the Android Market and utilize some of the newest technology, that makes life simplier; coupon, reading, weather updates, transit updates; gps location; i`s endless and if you enjoy games while waiting for appointments; free games as well on the market;

great little phone for the price and the bonus is it is on boost mobile so you can knock your monthly cost to 40 a month for service! The phone is sufficient for data use, messaging, and phone calls. Great starter smart phone.

Last month i purchased this phone for myself at Radio shack for 179.99. I regret it because here sold much cheaper. Well i got it now but all is well. I love it. I purchased another one last week for my fiancee because he loved mine so i got him one also. :-) Its a great phone and were both happy. I will come back again!

You Can Teach An Old Dog New Tricks.  I had a cell phone for many years but hardly ever turned it on.  Only used it when I had to.  Since I got my new Samsung Galaxy Prevail I can't wait to turn it on and start playing with it.  Every day I learn something new that I can do with this phone.  The apps are great.  Buy it try it you'll love it.

This is the worst Android phone I have ever used.  In fact, it's probably the worst phone period.  It has basically no internal memory, which means you can download about 1 app before it's full.  Then it freezes every hour or so, so I have to turn it off and then back on, or take the battery out and put it back in just so it will function probably for about 5 minutes.  Can't wait to get rid of this phone.

This phone should not be sold to seniors or for people whose figures are not thin. Sending a text message is hard being that the keyboard is so, so sensitive and many times does not respond to your touch. The contact service keeps fading out and you pay more for service that keeps disconnecting in the middle of, talking, texting or searching. Texting is not good on this touch tone phone.

I've had this phone for four months now & I love it. The only problem I have with it is the battery life. Other than that it does everything I want it to do

I have had this phone for almost two years now, no problem whatsoever with it. will upgrade one day but for now this is nice

I bought this phone in. Feb and by June I was already having issues. It cuts off randomly, the signal sucks, the charging port is broke in the inside and it does not have a lot of memory Boost Mobile is a unreliable company. I totally regret buying this device.

I love this phone!! There are only a couple things that slow me down. First, the battery does not keep a good charge if you do anything besides messaging and calling, but I have heard that most smart phones are like that. Secondly, it does not have enough phone storage use. Is there an app that I can download that will give me more storage space? I would like to find a free app, but if it is worth it to pay I will. Can my fellow consumers give me ideas ? I would most appreciate any help you could give :)

This phone sucks. It runs out of space so fast. It can only hold one app and no pictures. Dont get this phone

WARNING: The Prevail is a DISCONTINUED 2011 phone with NO room to install apps.  It has been replaced by far superior 4G phones that cost less than $100.  The memory is so small that downloading just ONE 2014 app and updating the standard Google apps can totally fill the memory and the phone then stops working.The Prevail's extremely small internal memory requires you move as many apps as possible onto an SD memory card. You must delete an app before you add a new app. Do NOT update Google Maps or YouTube...the updates are huge wastes of memory.I was able to double battery life by turning off turning off Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, and turning off 3G phone service. The 3G phone service is NOT necessary for phone calls or texting.  I turn on Wi-fi or 3g whenever I need to download email or want to use the internet, and then I turn them back off. That extends battery life to 24 hours per charge. The free Android power widget toggles Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS on and off with a single click. The free "DataSwitch" App toggles 3g on and off.

this phone is great i never could have ask for a better phone and i have had just about ever boost mobile phone they had out and i can say this is the best phone on boost mobile... them big phone is not all that to me its to big... this phone will freeze up if you to many stuff on it on doing to many things at one time i had to learn it the hard way... but i love the phone i was looking at the new phone they have out but it has a keyboard on it and i love keyboards but its not a fan of mine. after a well i started to dislike keyboards cuz most of the phones i had one with it. so i give the phone 5 stars... this phone is for everyone its not hard or easy to get the hang of.

This was my first touch screen telephone and it has taken me some time to get used to this difference.  I dont feel that the manaul provided good practical instruction so I just keep experimenting with it.  One problem I have had was when I synced my telephone my contacts disappeared and the contact synced come across incorrectly..  I contribute this to my lack of knowledge of how this feature truly works, so basically, I really like the Galaxy.

This phone is exactly what I needed for my busy schedule. I am able to. download apps of things that I use on my desktop

I had been using my iPod as my phone but when I saw the ad for the prevail I did sone research.From my short time with it, I see no lag issues except some games but you need to recall this is a no contract budget smartphone, that's really a smartphone.Excellent storage on micro SD and a micro adapter cones in the box along with a SD card if you don't have one.If you want a solid phone on a budget this is it.Sidenote it runs froyo 2.2

I've had the phone for 7 months.  My payment went down $5 just as promised.  The phone works fine....it's my 1st smartphone so I had a steep learning curve.  I do recommend buying extra memory...the 2gb it comes with fills up fast if you add any apps.  The battery doesn't last long...about a day for me...but it does charge fast.  The camera isn't the greatest but I bought it to be a phone not a camera.  All in all I'm happy with the phone.My gripe is with Boost Mobile customer service...they're either crazy or else they do not understand American English.  They speak English fine but getting my point across was impossible.  I received a new credit card and canceled the one I had on Auto Boost (automatically pay my monthly bill to Boost).  The website would not allow me to cancel my old card as payment...it would tell me I had canceled it by sending me a text message and then 30 seconds later, I would receive another text message thanking me for signing up for Auto ReBoost with my OLD credit card number.  This happened 3 times...and I gave up and called customer service.  This turned into a "Who's On First" skit.  We were both speaking English but we were not communicating.  I asked to talk to someone else but it was the same run around.  We have 2 weeks to straighten out the billing so I'm sure we'll get there in that time....if I miss a payment my bill goes up to the original monthly charge.  I recommend Boost if you think you won't have any problems...phone and phone service are great...but if you are the type who calls customer service often or think you might, know that you will probably need to have a lot of patience and persistence...saving money is work!UPDATE:I finally got my credit card update to work by calling 611 Boost Mobile RobotCallGuy.  Way better than talking to a real person.  It took awhile and I had to listen carefully and follow every little direction but it did work!  Phew!

I have found that all Samsung phones work great. This was my old phone. It is great. The only reason I replaced it was because i wanted a keyboard to text. It is a great phone.

I bought this phone as a starter phone for my dad. It works OK for calls, but does not have any room for APPs. Always says the memory is full. None of the Apps that came with it can be Uninstalled, and they can't be moved to the SD Card. After having it for two months it started having a daily error message that it is unable to update any apps because of low internal memory. Checked the available "help" and found no help. Very Frustrating!!

I've been using this phone for a few days now and here are the pros and cons.PROS:- Inexpensive- Awesome flexible plans with no contract, you can switch between plans to fit your needs on monthly basis.- Attractive design & compact size- Good speed, not the slowest nor the fastest, somewhere in between (as May 2011)- No blowware installed, good job Boost Mobile- Clear sound for phone calls & decent music player- Durable, I've dropped it a couple of times from waist height in parking lot and it barely shows any dents.Cons- Fixed focus low res cam (2MP) no LED. It takes OK pics in a good lighting environment, video quality is unusable. My biggest issue is that it CAN'T read standard bar code, due to it's fixed focal lens. But it reads QR code without any problem.- CDMA network covers less area than GSM network in the US. Most of countries in the world is using GSM network, so it won't work outside of US.- SIM card embedded, that means it can only be used on Boost Mobile network, maybe Sprint...BTW, Boost Mobile is using Sprint's network. You can't transfer contacts from your SIM card phone easily.- Screen resolution. It's not really a con, but it might be if you're used to hi end smart phones. It's the same resolution as 2gen ipod touch.- Battery, this is an issue with all smart phones.- Tiny Internal Memory, it is a big negative. Especially when navigation app downloads maps to its internal memory. Sometimes I have to delete some apps to make room for maps.(see my 1 year update at the bottom)Overall, I highly recommend it for causal users. Check out its coverage in your area before hand though.Things you would need to buy, if you plan to use this phone.- Micro SDHC, 2/3 of its internal RAM is occupied by OS and others. 2GB Micro SDHC that came with the phone is not going to be enough for most people. Make sure you get the Class 6 or above version of Micro SDHC. It makes noticeable difference in speed.- Car charger, they're not all the same. The main difference is how much power the charger provides. If you get one that provides minimum power, then your phone won't be charging much while the phone is using GPS & 3G for navigation.Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter micro-USB Rapid Rate ChargerThis seems to be a good one.- extra battery, if you're always on the phone.Tips for new Android phone users, especially entry level phone like this one.- Read app's permission carefully. When installing an app, it will tell you what data on your phone it is accessing. Many "free" apps are collecting info in the background, often they collect info that has nothing to do with its function.This is not just a privacy issue, it also slows down the phone and drain its battery. If you're experiencing slow response and really bad battery issue, then it's probably because there are too many apps running in the background. These kind of apps send collected info periodically via wifi/3G, which is a major battery drainer. Get a Task Killer app, it lets you kill apps that run in the background.A general rule, stay away from apps that is accessing data has nothing to do with its function. For example, a workout app that wants to access phone's contact list and reads phone account info. You know it's data mining your phone for marketing purpose.Update: there is a work around for scanning bar code at book store. Google has an app called Shopper or Google Shopper. It can scan a book or CD/DVD cover from phone's camera and do a price search, an amazing app. Amazon App store gives away a pay app for free everyday, sweet!6/28/2011: Apparently Boost Mobile's 10 cent/minute Pay as You Go plan is not available to this phone yet. But $50/month unlimited everything is still the best deal by far.  Most of 4G data & phone plans from major carriers costs around $80 + tax & fees = $90/month, plus you lock in for two years. Sure, you get the latest smartphone with 4G speed for "free", but it's not free at all. Here's the math, you pay $40 more per month with other carriers' plan. So $40 x 24 months = $960, this does not include the Shrinkage discount. You have to ask yourself if 4G speed & latest smartphone is worth of $1000 more.Lastly, government charges tax & fee when you setup automatic payment to pay Boost Mobile account (it makes no sense whatsoever, but government wants more money). To avoid that, you have to put money in your account via reboost card each month manually. Luckily, you can buy electronic reboost card from major online store. They will email you the reboost code, then you just copy and paste it to your boost mobile account via website.9/13/2011: I've been using this phone for a few months now, and had no major issue until a couple days ago when I installed Pandora app. All hell broke loose after that, the phone froze up every couple hours. The phone works fine after uninstalled Pandora. Other than that, the I'm pretty happy with it. Remember to keep it lean, the more apps you add to it, the slower it gets.6/16/2012, the final update:I've been using this phone over a year now. Beside Making phone call, I don't do a lot with this phone other than navigation, texting and emailig (rarely). Overall, I'm happy with this phone & service. But I'm downgrading the phone from 4 to 3.5, based on price and hardware specs.The two biggest shortcomings are:1. Low MP camera, low resolution with a fixed focal length makes it almost useless.2. Internal Memory, even though I don't download and use many apps; I still need to delete some apps to make room for navigation map.As today, there are other Android phones with better hardware specs in the price range of 120-150. In the same price range, you can get mid range Windows Phone 7 device due to lack of its popularity. I just switched from Android to Windows Phone 7 today, because I rely heavily on MS Outlook and Onenote on my PC. Plus I really don't like how Google scans every Gmail,Gtask,GCalendar..etc for marketing purpose. Not to mention GPS tracking on your Android, it's getting out of control in my opinion.Anyways, Boots Mobile doesn't support Windows Phone 7 devices yet and I want to stay with a prepaid service. Luckily Straight Talk wireless(a branch of Tracfone)offers BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) prepaid plan at $45.00/month. BYOD works with most of GSM phones, and the phone doesn't need to be unlocked. So your current ATT & TMobile phone would work on StraightTalk BYOD plan.Things you need to know about StraightTalk:1. No roaming, that means you HAVE TO change your phone number if you move to an area outside of registered area for more than a few weeks.2. No streaming and tethering via 3G/4G. Even thought they call it Unlimited Data plan, there is a cap, most people thinks it's 2GB/month. You'll get a warning for going over it, your service will be terminated if you keep going over the limit. You will LOOSE your phone number. Read their TOA carefully.3. In order to make all of your smart phone's functions works on BYOD plan, you need to input some phone settings. It's pretty straight forward, but might be a bit challenge for some.Boost Mobile Shrinkage offers the best deal for casual users in the the long run. They now have a good selection of Android phones. If you're in the market for a prepaid Windows phone, StraightTalk BYOD is the only solution for now.Sorry if I don't reply your questions, I share what I know on this subject and don't check the comments often. It has been a pleasant experience with Boost Mobile and Android, cheers.

I bought my first cell phone in 1995. It was a Mitsubishi, it was bulky(for today's standards) and all it did was make phone calls, really expensive ones. Alas, it was cool and I loved it.Forward 16 years and I have been through a ton of phones. All kinds. I waited on the Android thing because I am frugal. We're talkin Boost mobile, right. Well, this phone was the right price, my shrinkage is getting lower so I bought it.Definitely the best decision I have made to upgrade my life in the past few months. This phone is great right out of the box but if you're a bit tech savvy you can tweak it and make it a really excellent and useful device. I thought I would hate only having touch screen to type, but guess what? You don't even have to type. It's got voice software so you just talk and it types for you. Does a decent job of it too. Internet is pretty quick, speaker is pretty loud(I'm on pandora all the friggin time now) and it's slim and sleek. I highly recommend getting a rubber case and a screen protector or they get scratched up quick.

This is not the best Android Phone but a great phone just the same.If you root the phone you can remove the Bloat apps that take upmemory storage.I would have given this 4 stars but dueto the lack of internal memory for app storageI only gave it 4 stars.Calls are clear. Most apps run smooth. Screen is clear and bright.The Telenav navigation software that is included works great.UPDATE :  Everyone has commented on the limited memory for apps. Here was my solution.1st I rooted the phone. Then install Titanium Backup Pro. This app will allow you to remove unneeded files fromthe Delvik Cache in the phone. Then you can Move all the needed file from the Delvik Cache to the system rom.This took my app space from 30mb free to over 75mb free.  It will in most cases allow you to move apps to the SD cardthat normally will not move. Widgets will not work from the SD card. That is a flaw in the Android software.So far phone is great.Rooting your device is done at your own risk and may void your warranty.

When I was in college 5 years ago I bought a HP PDA to help me stay organized. I bought it on ebay for about $150, and I used it as my laptop. I couldn't afford a real laptop at the time, and I remember thinking it was one of the coolest things on earth. I always wished that I could have used it as a phone as well. We take these things for granted now, but it is pretty damn cool that you can buy a device with the power of a decent laptop for under $150 today. This phone is not perfect, but it is a great deal. You get a small, fairly powerful computer, with phone, mp3, video, etc. If you are thinking of making the jump to a smart phone or to boost mobile, this is a great choice. It's not bad out of the box, but if you root it and customize it, this thing rocks. I didn't really anticipate becoming so enamored with this phone, but I did. You can download emulators and use it as a gameboy, snes, or genesis, you can watch movies, use it as an ereader, and more. I have been very happy with Boost, and I have been very happy with this phone in particular. You have to put in a little work to get it running as smoothly as we all want it to, but its possible and its worth it. Look for shabby's mod for a good starting place.Update:After having the Transform Ultra for a while now, I kind of miss the Prevail. I have to say, I'm pissed at Samsung right now (having problems with the Ultra), but they did a good job on this phone. In the broader family of Android phones, the Prevail is definitely on the lower end, but it is also a really good deal. Probably the only things keeping from going back to the Prevail are:1) The camera is not that great. It's hard to get a good picture with it, but it is possible. No LED flash is also hard to deal with after getting used to having it. This wouldn't necessarily be a deal breaker for me, except that with a decent camera on my phone now I can catch my daughter doing cute stuff.2) The meager internal memory gets really frustrating if you like to install a lot of games. There is always the option to move files to the SD card, but most apps still leave a few megabytes behind and fill up the memory very quickly.3) I actually like the smaller screen size. These massive phones that are coming out don't appeal to me at all. Having said that, typing with my big fingers on the touch screen is really difficult.If you are on Boost I suggest that you seriously consider the Prevail before the Ultra. Save yourself $100+ bucks and get more than what you've paid for. If you don't care too much about the camera, don't have big fingers, and don't plan to go nuts installing apps, this phone is probably the best bet for you. The ZTE warp is another option if you want more power, a better camera and bigger screen, and are willing to shell out an extra $80 bucks or so. I recommend that you think twice about the Transform Ultra though, I've been having a lot of problems with it and there's no telling if or when Samsung is going to fix it.

i ordered two of these one i recieved is great and came new, the other was laggy and power button or charger doesnot work they tried making it look new but boost mobile informed me it had previously been activated , dont buy this phone used chances are it will have issues

My screen went blank phone would no longer charge.  not happy with product at all. I  would not order again.

(4 stars) This is my first android phone, so I was really excited when it came into the mail. The phone is really nice. It is just an average android phone. The only downsides to this phone is the glitches. They become really annoying from time to time.EDIT: (2 stars) I've had for about a couple of months and I'm ready to get rid of it. The glitches are getting worse to the point where I have to take out the battery and put it back in order for the phone properly. I'll try my best to bear with it until I can earn money and get a better phone.

I really love this phone. Everything is right there at your finger tip's. I would recommend this product to all my friend's and family.

It came really fast in the mail and is sealed up good so you can tell it's a brand new phone. I can't wait to start using it.

This may be an entry level smart phone, but that doesn't make it bad. For the price (here on Amazon), the features, and best of all the no-contract everything unlimited price, this is the perfect marriage of quality and economy. The phone is sleek, feels good in the hand, and it even does voice-to-text (how awesome is that)? There's probably more here than I'll ever need. And the fact that I can do it all with no extra charges in Boost Mobile's unlimited-everything-for-one-low-price-plus-shrinkage (unlike ATT) makes this a real bargain. I activated two phones online. Boost took care everything, from transferring our phone numbers to discontinuing the wireless service with ATT. And they did it quickly. All-in-all, a very good experience all the way round.

Have owned the Prevail for two years now...has been a good phone with the following exceptions...VERY low memory...order the add on Memory card from the start.  Can delete the crap applications that come with the phone so I only have 4 apps loaded and I can't install the updates due to insufficient memory.  Phone can only be used on Boost network...Voice Dialer is a disappointment..never finds the person or place I ask it for.  For those who say I get what I pay for, my response is that $149 is not a cheap phone on most people's budget.

I love it. The price was right, Came fast. I highly recommend !!!!!!http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41aRf5txdhL._SL500_SS130_.jpg. Amazon is awesome!!!!! One thing to consider is buying at least 1 extra baattery for any droid, As they devour batteries!

I got this phone just to make calls and texts, however I didn't expected the great design, features and low price.It's a beautiful phone, it looks very elegant and the texture on the back cover its very nice. It doesn't have any real buttons other than volume, and power, but I haven't had any problems with it so far. All together it's a great phone if you're looking for a smart phone which is not very expensive, it's very reliable and you can definitely show it off!

Over a year later, & it still works well.  Absolutely love this phone!  Don't know how I lived without it.

bought it at the boost mobile store and within a month it stopped working, i couldn't receive no more signal and only in certain places i had no more than two or three bars in the phone which makes it very frustrating for someone who just bought it, i went to the store back again and they said they couldn't do anything about it which even had me more frustrated.i turned it off and it didn't do nothing about it, the battery also got really hot and even when i charged it the phone got really hot. i was so mad i couldn't even look at it but i tried everything to fix it and nothing really worked.definitely don't recommend this phone at all, doesn't matter how tempting their plans are, do not buy it because it will bot leave you nothing good at all.

Very satisfied with this phone, i ordered it two days after giving up on my aging blackberry ever coming back to life (it had been dying for some time and finally croaked for good) and less than a full week later my first android powered touch screen phone arrived. It got here in a timely manner and im more than pleased with its performance. I was surprised to discover that android had a lot more of what i was looking for to offer than blackberry did, I had always thought android wasnt for me since i had a blackberry for some time, but im offically hooked on this one. After installing a battery saver ap the battery stays charged the whole day, I havent found an area that I dont get service  a big plus considering there were a few places I didnt get good reception with my Blackberry  Also I was very pleased that i got the phone for around 60-70 dollars cheaper than in stores or on boosts website, as I priced them all before making a purchase. And to add to all that, swapping from the blackberry monthly unlimited (60 per month) to android monthly unlimited (50 per month) saves me 10 dollars monthly sweet!

I so regret buying this Samsung Galaxy phone. I was so excited because this is my first android phone for my boost mobile service.  First the touch screen gets stuck I have to push the screen buttons 10 times before it actually ends the call or goes to next screen so frustrating!! It randomly gets shut off by itself for no apparent reason.  The signal is not that great at all.  To go from one screen to the next it "thinks" wayy to long to do the action.Overall is a very frustrating piece of equipment, too many flaws. Next time I will rather buy a more expensive phone that actually works right! Do yourself a favor, do not buy this phone!! save your money and buy a better one.  I am doing that at the end of the year!

I have had this phone for about SIX MONTHS. The short story is in the title but if you want to know more...here it is. I hope this helps!DURABILITYI have kept a screen protector and a cheap plastic snap on case on the phone at all times. That being said...this phone is surprisingly DURABLE!! I have dropped it countless times onto cement, down cement stairs at a basketball game, and even left it on top of my vehicle which led to it flying off the roof into a ditch. It hit the ground so hard it broke my case and popped the battery out but when I re-assembled the phone it still worked perfectly and no parts were broken on the actual phone!SCREEN/MEMORYThe screen and all buttons work well. Unless you want to store music or photo albums on your phone, the 2GB memory is alright. Buying a new memory card is so easy that one can't complain much about the memory. Get a memory card from Amazon though not the phone or service provider website! They charge too much for them.BATTERY LIFEI would trade battery life for $50 month smart phone service any day but this doesn't have the best the battery life. It isn't a big enough problem to deter me from recommending the phone to anyone but I would tell them to always have a charger!!CAMERA/VIDEOThis is a major downfall on this phone. The camera and video are wimpy in pixels, no flash options, lens distorts faces to where closest part of face looks larger than it really is. Honestly...horrible. Good thing I don't need an awesome camera!BOOST SERVICEI am very happy with the cost and service I get with this phone. It is 100 times better Walmart cell service provider (forgot the name of it?) but I took that one back the very next day and purchased this phone. I was much happier.

I've had the phone for almost a year.  There are a few things you need to know before purchasing this phone:1.  Boost phones do not roam.  You will drop calls even in metropolitan areas.  I suspect that this is true for all prepaid phones.2.  Do not use Boost as your primary phone line.  You may end up without a phone for nearly 2 weeks. If something goes wrong with your phone in the first year, not physical damage, then you have to send your phone off to Samsung to allow them to repair it. This will leave you without a phone for up to 10 days.3.  If you break your phone and opt to use insurance, it will cost you ~$70 for a replacement.  Insurance is only really useful if you break or lose your phone.4.  Boost Mobile is by far the worst customer service experience I have ever had.  Very rarely will you get someone who takes ownership of your problem.  I had a very simple problem and I had to talk to 10 people to get it resolved.  Terrible!5.  I have had the phone for almost a year and it is coming to the end of its useful life. I have to pull the battery out because the touchscreen stops working at least once per day. I never knew the importance of having a storefront where you can receive technical support.  Boost offers no such option.  All technical support consists of resetting one's phone.  If you need support beyond that, you have to send it off to Samsung.So, buyer beware. Boost offers good prices and relatively good phones, but you will be sacrificing quite a lot for the price.

Moved from AT&T; to Boost after 15 years and am I glad I did.  I was tired of using the AT&T; network because I "might" go over with their data plan.  I'm not a big web or text user, but now I'm not hesitant to look up items on the web.  The coverage in my area is superb, and NO DROPPED CALLS!  I haven't experienced any dropped calls and the clarity is perfect.I actually came across this phone and the service quite by accident.  My friend asked me for a recommendation for service and I found Boost.  I was so impressed, I ended up ordering this phone and ported my number.  The port took all but 20 minutes, and to impress me further, a Boost agent called me to make sure all went well.I can't praise enough about their service, this phone, or the customer service.

I wanted a smart phone but had boost mobile. Finally they offerede the galaxy and I love it as a first time user

I did my research and read up on people's reviews before I bought this phone.  What surprised me is that no one has pointed out the Samsung Galaxy Prevail's most prevalent flaw: ITS LACK OF INTERNAL HARD DRIVE SPACE!The phone comes with a 200 MB internal hard drive (PATHETIC!), but only 161 MB of it is actually usable.  The OS and default applications that you actually NEED such as Market, web browsing, camera, etc. all take up about 100 MB of space, leaving you with a PUNY LITTLE 60 MB of internal space to play with.  Although you can transfer apps you download from the internal drive to the external SD card (which is 2GB included), every app that you download still takes up space in the internal drive, even after transferring the app.So what does this mean?  After downloading and transferring about 10-15 apps (depending on their size) ... YOU'RE GOING TO RUN OUT OF SPACE.  There is nothing you can do at this point, but to delete apps that you've downloaded in order to make room for new ones.  Purchasing a larger SD card will not alleviate the problem either - the lack of space in the internal drive will prevent you from having more than 10-15 apps installed on your phone, even if they're transferred to the SD card!There are workarounds to this of course.  You can "root" your phone and (hopefully) transfer the default programs from the internal drive, onto the external SD card.  But there are two problems present in this scenario: 1) You need to be fairly technically savvy to know how to hack into your phone and do this, and 2) YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE TO HACK INTO YOUR PHONE IN ORDER TO GET AROUND THE FACT THAT THE HARD DRIVE IS PATHETICALLY SMALL AND NEAR UNUSABLE IN THE FIRST PLACE!This phone is definitely a phone for the most casual of casual users.  If you don't plan on doing much more than texting, Facebook, YouTube, and Angry birds, this phone is for you.  HOWEVER.  If you dream of having 100+ apps for every occasion and taking full advantage of what the Andriod market has to offer, this phone will disappoint.

it's a good cell but sometimes the data will go off then I have to put it back on then it"s OK but other than that it"s a great cell and I love it alot it works for what I want anyways

I'm new to the whole Droid arena, so this is a major upgrade for me. I like the phone but sometimes the screen freezes up. When I touch an icon on the screen it doesn't acknowledge the touch. One time the screen went completely black and wouldn't respond to anything I did. I had to take the battery out and put it back in just to get it working again. It's little things like that make me wonder if I made the right choice in purchasing this phone. As stated above, I LIKE the phone but I don't LOVE it.

This is a great phone. Perfect for introduction into the android world.Pro: Sleek, professional looking.Decent camera that works great for general documentation.Clear callsCon: 200mb storage. - This is very frustrating. Greatly limits number of apps. At the moment several of the apps I want to install will do so directly to the SD card (especially games), But several of the ones I use regularly will not. Like the Gmail app, Google Voice, Market, Amazon App store and Maps to name the 5 highest space consumers I can't move. However, games have been the only thing that I've tried to install that were unable to install from lack of space. Nothing integral to communication has been affected by the very small phone storage space.All in all, a great starter android phone.Somewhat off topic: I went from a non-smart phone with AT&T; where I was paying 55$ for 400 minutes, 1000 texts, and no data to having this phone with everything unlimited for the same price. I switched as soon as I was free from my 2 year contract and I'm never going back.

Unfortunately, I will not recommend this particular phone to the over 50 crowd nor anyone else. There are constant and annoying phone freeze and screen shut down. The phone certainly doesn't justify the price.Nevertheless, customer service is exceptional and goes above and beyond for the consumer.

such an awesome phone. many options to perform on phone. android market has great free apps, games, widgets, etc. battery does run down a bit fast so need to charge bout 1-2 x's a day, but otherwise a great phone. good buy. god bless ya

I bought this phone to use with Boost Mobile.  I'm very happy with Boost.  I used to be a Verizon customer but wanted more out of my plan without spending $100 a month.  My experience with Boost has been great so far.  I've had no problems with my service at all, and the price is great ($50/mo for unlimited data, talk, text) and now (since I signed up with the shrinkage plan), my bill is down to $45/mo.As for the phone itself, I am mostly happy with it.  It is the first android phone I've owned.  Everything works fine on it.  It is a bit slow at times, but I've been able to overlook that, since I have a lot of apps, and that's probably why it gets slow.  Battery life has been pretty good to me so far.  The storage space is too small though.  I'm constantly having to install apps to the SD card because I run out of space on the phone itself.  Also, The screen size is a bit small, but I'm fine with that because I like my phones to be small.  The camera isn't that great on it.  I wish it was a little better quality.Overall, I'm pretty happy with my phone, but I'll be upgrading to a different one at some point (hopefully with more space, bigger screen, and a better camera).

Bought this phone after joining a company that does software for iPhone, Android, Blackberry, Windows CE.  Immediately did the obvious - hooked up our corporate Microsoft Exchange email, gmail, and yahoo email accounts.  Receive all my Outlook calendar alerts as expected.  It has a voice recognition feature that I use all the time when sending text messages - anytime I can avoid typing I do it.  The multitouch (squeeze in and out) only works with certain applications, for example it works with web browsing and pictures but does not work when viewing email.  Downloaded a golf distance/gps app and use the highway gps app and both work nicely.  Needs to be recharged every evening - this seems to be the norm for this class of phone.  Probably the only negative, and this will be more of an issue for a novice computer user, is that Android doesn't seem to have a clear concept of a "running" application and doesn't unilaterally shut apps down.  For example, the Sirius satellite radio app can be shut down using App Killer and it immediately starts back up.  Also downloaded apps don't have a consistent delivery onto the phones desktop.  This is more of an Android thing than a Samsung phone issue as far as I can tell.  Great phone for the price.

i dont understand why people are giving this phone some bad reveiws yes the battery life is not the greatest but do all smart phones have a great battery life? no so overall great price better then actually paying for it through boost mobile which i beleive is 179.99 so yes excellent entry android

Overall, a good phone. I have had the Prevail for a year; I got it the day it was released, and it has worked well.The hardware in the phone is a step down. Although this is a true android phone, with market and other apps, the hardware is the issue.For instance, my wife has a motorola atrix duo-core 1ghz. You click angry-birds, and it launches immediately, and runs flawlessly.The prevail is a single core, 800mhz. I click angry birds... and wait. It finally launches, and runs jittery. After playing for a few minutes, the phone is obviously working too hard, as the battery heats up. (Reminds me of old analog phones, and they power they used to run). I have to monitor the task manager and close apps, to help other apps run better.I have found a few apps that are 100% unsupported by my phone. (I forget the name, but the app that allows me to pay the meter for my car while parked downtown.) They will not install.The other issue is the internal storage. There are only 164Mb of internal storage, and the OS uses that space too. While I found an app that will many apps over to the SDcard, and run them there, the performance is degraded. Plus, all apps run some information in the cache of the phone, using more space.With only a few apps on the phone, I am down to 11mb of storage. This further degrades performance.The new boost android phone uses out of date, minimal hardware. It's the equivalent of trying to run a 3 cylinder Geo in the express lane and keep up. If you don't put anything in the trunk, you might be okay. But, if you just did some shopping, and have some friends in the car with you, it just falls short every time...Good for now.. but shopping for alternatives. The plan (with shrinkage) is down to $40 bux, and unlimited everything. I am quite happy about that....

Before this phone I just had a plain flip phone. I wanted to upgrade but I didn't want to break the bank and get a contract with any company so I went for The Samsung Galaxy Prevail. I have had this phone for about a year now and it has simply been amazing. The phone is by no means as powerful as all these new high end phones, however browsing the web, texting, checking email, listening to music is just as easy to use like phones that costs 3 times as much on a carrier that cost about half as other plans. Overall its the best bang for your buck.

I received the cell days after i ordered it, but cosmetically it looked like it was previously owned by a 10 year old kids who just kicked it around in a sandbox. I had to invest in a phone cover.  The calls freeze up and if not that, alot of my calls are dropped or i simply cant hear the other party on the other end for minutes at a time

I didn't buy this phone from amazon. But I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I've had this phone for less than a year & had so many problems with it. There is no excuse. Don't waste your money on this piece of crap.

The phone was perfectly fine until I installed the Google system update, Gingerbread, around November 11, 2011. After that, it's been challenging.  All my ringtones were erased, the wallpapers disappeared and the phone has lost a lot of its internal space.  Therefore, I cannot update any of my apps I downloaded.  I had to delete most of my apps and I still don't have enough space.  I get update notifications all of the time but to no avail.  It also installed a book app that I didn't request.  I've called Samsung, they made some suggestions that I did but that didn't help.  I purchased the phone from Best Buy and took it to their Geek services and he made some suggestions regarding the picture gallery and deleting some of them.  That did not help either.  So I'm now stuck with a phone that has no interal space left. Geee....

Great phone and good service. I keep wifi and bluetooth off and have my apps turn them on when needed and the battery lasts all day with moderate use. The seller was great the phone came faster than expected and even threw in some extras. I would highly recommend them to anyone.

Works really well for the price point you can't go wrong. Just kill some apps that are running in background to have the battery last longer.

Its a good phone. There are only two things that I don't like. Not enough memory due to have apps on there already installed that you can't remove and it likes to restart it self. Other then that great phone.

I got this phone when I started to ran out of my 300 peek-hours minutes on grandfathered Verizon plan (due to temporary personal circumstances) in late 2011. It was on-sale for $100 with $55/month (shrank to $45/month by now) unlimited plan. I looked to supplement my Verizon plan by non-expensive no obligations addition. But from this point this phone became my primary. Yes, it has a few problems: small internal memory, occasional loss of signal (in idal state; just boot it), occasional self-boot. Those are tradeoffs of having "entry-level" Android 2.3 phone. On the plus side it is small-but-usable Android phone that - in my current configuration - allows me to have full free domestic phone service (plus low-rate international - using Google Voice), text messages, check and reply to emails (I'm not allowed to use my work laptop for this). Battery life isn't good to hold just over a day in _default_configuration_ (sic!), but with Android free power control/saving apps (I'm using Juice Saver on it, but it's not only option) it holds perfectly well: I'm often ending day with more than 50% left (when using Blue Tooth 100% of the time with GPS and WiFi off). On-screen keyboard needs to get used to (I still not always getting intended button), but it's functional for its task. Yes, it's not for gaming or watching movies, but for communications it's just fine (and even for some reasonable extras: Google Maps, camera, calendar, phone-book, text editor, html and pdf readers, etc).

A number 1 rating is accurate as far as I'm concerned.  The phone is plastic but even that wasn't too bad, the phone just didn't work period!  I get the whole &#34;you get what you pay for thing&#34;  but $80 for a plastic phone that don't work is a bit much! I would not recommend this product to anyone.

I did a lot of research and read a lot of reviews and finally purchased the Galaxy Prevail for Boost from an Amazon seller. The phone is solid and pretty good construction, until you get to the back cover. It is super flimsy and will break if you drop it on a bed of feathers! get a cover immediately. Otherwise it has pretty much all the basic smartphone features that you might need, email, accelerometer, haptic touch response, decent size screen, etc I paid a decent price and it shipped in a few days. My major issues are after having it two months is the phone freezes sometimes, and goes to the wrong screen when you touch messaging, also you will be in an area with all bars of signal strength and the internet will still be slow! wtf? Anyway, this is a great starter phone for teenagers with all the tech they need and unlimited service. If the phone was $49.99 and Boost hadn't just went up on Android service ($5) this probably would be the deal of the year.Ps. It can't save pics that people send to you.

I've had this phone for almost 2 months and it hasn't disappointed at all. In fact, completely the opposite! It's a small phone, but I like that personally. I can't stand how big phones have gotten like the EVO. Also, I don't know what people mean "the phone is slow." What exactly are you doing? Personally, the phone works well for me. I multitask all the time: while biking I stream Pandora, track my location with MyTracks, and respond to the occasional text ALL AT THE SAME TIME. I stream music with Grooveshark in my car while navigating with GPS using Waze (awesome app btw). Never a problem! So, frankly, I'm confused what people are talking about "slow". Also, I'm on Boost's shrinkage plan so, my monthly bill is $45 per month for unlimited everything (including data).  I've been on Boost for about 8 or 9 months now.I read reviews on this phone because I find peoples' criticisms interesting. More often than not, people make one huge mistake: comparing it to a high-end phone like the iPhone, EVO, Nexus, etc. Look, it's not one of those, and if you want a top of the line phone, stop comparing this phone to those. No, it doesn't have the Hummingbird processor. No, it doesn't have a 4.3 AMOLED screen. Personally, I don't care about those things because they are too expensive, and if I get a phone that has those things, I'm locked into a 2 year contract for 3 or 4 times the monthly cost. If having a little better spec'd phone is important to you, go for the top of the liners! However, I'm techie, middle class guy that wants as much as I can get for as little as I can get it. The combination of this phone running Android 2.2.2 (I just got an update so that may be higher), and Boost's unlimited plan with shrinkage (eventually $35 per month) fits the bill perfectly for me.Also, there are lesser "entry level" Android phones out there. Sprint's Zeo is far far far inferior to this phone and the screen isn't double touch. The Prevail's is. Boost uses Sprint's CDMA towers with this phone, so I am never without service. You have to get into extremely remote places to lose reception, and those places will most likely be void of any cell coverage no matter the monthly cost barring satellite phones. Finally, maybe I'm lucky, but I just haven't experienced the shutting down and freezing problems others have. Sometimes this is a poorly designed app, NOT the phone or operating system. I've pulled the battery maybe 2 or 3 times total. I'll end this with a little math lesson.Let's compare Verizon VS Sprint VS at&t; VS Boost. So, the first 3 have smart phones from $0 to $300 with a 2 year contract. The Prevail is MSRP at $180, so to make an apples to apples argument, let's standardize the phone to $165. I'm doing this because you can find the prevail cheaper or more expensive. UNLIMITED contract's with the big 3 companies range from 69 per month (SPRINT) to $120 per month (Verizon/at&t;), so let's just say $95 per month on average. I should note, Sprint's plan is really good, unless you have family and friends overseas. You will incur international charges for INBOUND (received) calls on the $69 per month plan. I have family overseas and Boost does not do this, which is weird because they are owned by Sprint.  So, here's the math.Big 3=phone+(# of months * monthly cost)=165+(95*24)  =  $2445 over 2 years.Boost=Phone+(6 months * $50/mo)+(6 months * $45/mo)+(6 months * $40/mo)+(6 months * $35/mo)=165  + (300) + (270) + (240) + (210)  =  $1185 over 2 years.THAT'S A DIFFERENCE OF $1260 OVER TWO YEARS!!! Think about how hard $1260 is to make for the average person (me). So, if the top of the line phone is important enough for you, then that's great and you should do it. However, like I said in another review, personally, I'd rather take a trip to Europe, and for $1260 I am getting airfare to do exactly that!

I was very skeptical before purchasing this phone, but I am so very glad I did. I was so tired of being over charged for a 2 year contract and Boost Mobile has been amazing so far. The phone is a great basic smart phone. A few things I have learned to get the best out of it:1.) Be sure to move any apps you download over to the sd card so not to fill up the phone's internal memory space. (the phone will be more likely to glitch or freeze if it is too full. I did alot of resaerch before I even purchased the phone to make sure I avoided any problems and so far it has worked perfectly)2.) About once a week completely turn the phone off and and remove the battery for 30 seconds. (smart phones are like mini computers and need to be reset once and a while).3.) Be sure to read the manual that comes with the phone and learn all of things you can do to conserve battery power. (I make sure it shuts itself down into low power within 30 seconds if I am not using it, I always back completely out of apps or my browser instead of just hitting the home key when I am finished because if the apps are running in the background it is sucking battery life. Do a little research on the internet there are many other ways you can conserve the battery or you can download an app that will help but I have not needed to.) With regular use I can get 12-16 hours out of mine now, less when I play games or browse for long periods of time.4.) VERY IMPORTANT!!! Be sure to purchase screen protectors right away when you order your phone as I have read elswhere it scrathes very easily! I personally bought the glare/fingerprint resistant ones and they work like a charm and very easy to install. I also purchased a silicon case that protects the phone if dropped. Spending the few extra bucks to protect the phone will really pay off in the long run!If you are looking for a great fuctioning smart phone, but are on a budget like me, this is an excellent purchase. $50 a month for unlimited everything cant be beat. Be sure to visit the Boost mobile website and check out there coverage area map and see if they are in the area you live, because the amount of service you can get will greatly affect the phones performance. I have never had a dropped call, the internet always works, and I have never been more pleased with a cell phone provider! Good Luck!

The from PocketDaves was GARBAGE!!!!WHEN I GOT THE PHONE HE DIDN'T DEACTIVATED THE DEVICE. HE TAKES LONG PERIODS OF TIMES TO RESPOND TO E-MAILS

I waited a few weeks of having the phone before I decided to write a review. I wanted to be able to play with it and figure out if there was anything I did or did not like. I got the phone for my daughter and she LOVES it. We haven't had any issues with it at all. We've been with Boost since 2008 and they've always have great service, great prices , and great phones! We are very happy with this product!

This phone was alright at first, I was looking for a basic, inexpensive phone that I could access the internet with and use basic apps like Facebook and Wells Fargo. The issue with this phone is the internal storage, there is practically none. Even with an SD card I was constantly getting warning messages that my space was running out, then I couldn't update certain apps because there wasn't enough space to do so.In the end, I wound up switching back to my old Metro PCS Samsung, that is not a smart phone, but didn't give me a headache either.I would recommend that if you are looking for a smartphone, do your research and don't buy one just because it's cheap. It is something we all use every day so spending a little extra will pay off in the end.Also, I am aware this review is for the phone itself, not the service, but I have never had so many dropped calls with any other phone or carrier in my life.

I know this phone would work wonderfully. I order this android phone used cause my metro pcs phone got water damage. The phone arrive @ my house in 2 business days and that was basic shipping from Ca.  The phone came with a car & home charger. The screen have a few minor straches, besides that its a great deal for the price.  Samsung  makes the best electric's. If ur a amazon customer looking for a reasonable android phone u search @the right place.

Ok, so now that I have convinced my whole family to ditch there PAID contract plans from Verizon.  And myself after 6 months of usage, not some 2 week 30 day review.I've had 1 service issue with the phone but it was due to two towers having issues in the area that I am in. I have traveled to several states with no problems with service.I suggest going into the phones Application and adding the widget for the Task Manager that comes with the phone or download one from the market.  The stock one work fairly well. I prefer super box tools more features. Having said that if you dont clean up the phone once a day if your a heavy user of the net, programs and what not. The phone can become bogged down, IE slow. A quick clean up makes the phone back to zippy. I would also suggest turning off the on screen animation, it improves performanceThe battery life for my is very acceptable, the web is not rocket fast, but for what it is its pretty quick considering its a so called prepaid phone.Please note that this phone as with most other prepaid phones does NOT roam, thats why its so cheap. I have also hit my milestone on the "shrinkage" plan.Its a basic entry level andriod phone, and for me and my whole family (we all have  the same phone) we are saving TONS of money with the unlimited 50 plan, then toss in the shrinkage deal and I mean how can you beat it?I really dont have any cons about the phone, and to be honest I found that contact Boost via there facebook page email I get better service and answers to any and all questions I have. Forget calling them, youll push about 30 prompts. Email via facebook page (of all places) they answer all my question.Overall Im very satisfied with the phone and the boost service (which is sprint- so if you hate sprint this might not be for you) And to be honest I had sprint a couple of years ago, and could not stand them due to the poor service in the area i was using the phone the most.  Well fast forward and I got to say the service at least in my view has improved tremendously. And this is coming from a guy who bangs up 3000-4000 mins a month.  Not to mention my wallet has more cash in it. Cant wait till the bill reads 35 bucks. This deal is just crazy stupid.

It is useable right now only b/c my son needs a phone, but it want hold a charge and it keeps loosing different things that he puts on his phone. I would not recommend this phone in general. I have already put in a order for a new phone. Some things you cant get used is all I can say.

I have to say I have a love hate relationship with this phone. I think it's good for the price, the camera takes good quality pictures (although I wish there was a flash), its small and compact and does just about anything an iphone can do..but alot cheaper. I think the internal memory could be better, it seems to get low on space often which can get annoying, and the battery doesn't hold a charge very well. Overall though I think it is a decent phone and once you get the little kinks worked out it's all good.

She Loves it!! We haven't had any issues at all. Even Boost Mobile Service is good. Text messages and voice mails come within a timely manner.

Very nice phone, easy to read & use.  Like the voice-to-text as keyboard is a bit small.Battery needs recharging frequently with aps use.

Overall this is a great phone for the price you pay with the boost plan. Alot of people have complained about the battery life. At first I was a little disapointed but then I got the apps, Advanced task killer and Widgetsoid. Advanced task killer turns off all of your aplications that are running in the background and killing your battery life that you are not using. Wigetsoid alows you to set up a more advanced power manager wiget that is more advanced then the one that comes with the phone. Widgetsoid alows you to turn on and off wifi, bluetooth and gps just like the widget provided by the phone. It also alows you to turn off 3G (mobile data)when you don't need to use the internet. Once 3G is turned off the phones battery life increases dramtically. Then when you need to use the internet its a quick tap of the widget and you are back up and running. (Do to the fact that the phone is CDMA you have to go into the advanced tab and switch the data toggle mode from APN remname to APN toggle. Once you do that you will be up and running).Otherwise the phone is responsive and the service is really provided by sprint which is rated the number two network (behind verizon) by consumer reports. I cannot come up with any legitamite cons for the phone especially since I cut my monthly cell phone bill by more than 50%. I hope this review helps some people with their battery life issues.

I've had almost every first rate, 2nd rate boost mobile phone since they came out and by far this one is the best. The websites ACTUALLY load, and at a decent rate. My favorite part is the streaming music,though all of these phones are not created equal. My aunt and I have the same phone and her pandora and apps are faster than mine, my buffering takes forever so I prefer I heart radio. Also, my volume is a bit lower than hers although we have our settings on the same level. It does come with Apps preinstalled that take up space that cannot be deleted. The camera quality is decent but the clicker is placed in such a weird spot it is difficult and not worth the trouble to take your own pics. Messaging is good and fast just how I like it, the keys are a bit maddening since they are so close together after about 4 months i still press 6 other words trying to type in one word which makes long messages and facebook commenting a bit of a pain until you get used to it. Calling is pretty good, except sometimes the phone freezes and doesn't allow you to hang up. The people who say the battery is bad was not lying, the battery is NOT the best. 5 hours at best, and it charges 20 percent an hour, which makes it 5 hours to charge back fully, although I turn my phone off to charge it which charges faster imo. Overall this phone is MILES better than any other boost phones, and trust me i've had a lot. As for the getting the boost folk on the phone issue their menu constantly changes, sometimes I get a person sometimes I don't. I usually google how to get a person on boost mobile and click on a recently updated site with the info on how to bypass the options to get to a person. So far on every phone i've had through many calls recalls bad advice hangups and so I have always managed to get whatever problem fixed although it was a pain to do so. Highly reccommened phone!

First exposure to an android phone.  It came with a fair amount of software I will never use, but I'm sure others would find useful. I'd like to get rid of what I don't want, but that would be a lot work, involving re-rooting the phone. But it gets great reception. The camera is a little lame, but I've never seen a good one on anything handheld, regardless of specs. There are some great apps that I've downloaded. I was already a Boost customer and am plenty happy with their service.Haven't got the voice activation to work yet, but haven't tried yet either. So that will be the next big test.For the price, and service of the provider, I am extremely happy.

My first Android phone and it was easy to get used to. Switched from Sprint to the much cheaper Boost service (same cell towers). Phone is a nice size but some web surfing makes me wish for a bigger screen. For my uses--phone, text, basic web surfing--phone is great!

I have had this phone almost 2 months.First off the battery only lasts maybe 5 hours after a full charge.second the texting sucks.i seem to always have to erase what i type in order to cancel out the letters i don't type.This phone has voice text which is a cool feature but it sucks .Most of the time it wont type what i say and when it does type it puts the wrong words.watching videos on this phone is crappy as well very slow on playing the videos.All in all dont waste your money.im going to be getting another phone.BUYER BEWARE. oh and i did not buy this from amazon i got it from a boost storeUPDATE Jan 28 2012.Now the phone decides to just shut off whenever it wants.Still the same problems with the texting and voice texting.still havent gotten around to getting a new phone yet :(

I just switched to Boost from At&t and I am so far impressed with the service. The phone it's self does what I need it to do. The only issue that I have with it is sometimes it tells me it's charging when it's NOT plugged in and where I live we don't get great service inside! I do have to frequently transfer apps to my SD card because the phone dooesn't have a ton of internal memory. But with that said if you are looking for a simple begginers smart phone this one is a decent phone to start with =)

I had this phone for about 9 months. It was a decent intro-Android phone, but quickly ran out of internal memory. The fact that I could not transfer aps to the SD Card drove me crazy. And the small screen made the keyboard too tiny for texting.When this was the only Android Boost had in it's line up I would have said buy it. But they support far better phones now.

This is my first smart phone.. and it is easy to use and most of the android apps are free... you can find an app for anything you want to do with this phone... the battery doesn't last all day... but its a mini computer... I guess that's how they all are, my son and daughter have smart phones theirs is the same way. the memory is very low and not many items can be downloaded, also it is very hard to text from.  I have already less than a year later upgraded to a larger high memory phone - it was a learning experience.

I have had cell phones for years but never a touch screen or a android. When i first recieved the phone i felt alittle confused but after just spending a little time with it my confusion was gone.  It has over exceeded my expectations with all the features and the size is amazing.  I am so happy Boost Mobile offered this phone, i had a blackberry before with them and the Prevail is much better by far.  I hope you select this phone after reading my review, for the price and the features it can't be beat!

This is a really lie companyPlease excuse my EnglishIn May, I check the coverage map from boosmovile to be sure I have good reception on my area, The Map show good signal, anyway I call to be sure and one of their representatives told me for sure I will get a good service.From the first day any of the lines worksI call them, and they told me was a temporary problem, I have to wait 2 o 3 days, after that I call again and they told me the phones are not good in this area, they promise me send 2 new devices should be work here (never coming).After other week I call again and somebody else told me the phones wasn't approved, and they send me to technical support, some body else told me they have 9 broken antennas in my area, and I should  be wait 2 o 3 days more (all this in the middle of really bad signal, than means 4 calls convert in 9 or 10), after 4 days and many call , technical support reboot my phone I did not work. (the problem is not the phone, they lie on their map and I have not signal).After 2 or 3 days more, I explain everything again and the lady who answer me told me, feel free to return your phones if best buy accepted, but we do not return money added to the account.I trying to write to the CEO, but they told me a letter will be take 20 business day to be study.I payed for a service than did not get it and two phone than will not work with other company2 days ago they told me, they can not return the money because I did not complaint on the first 24 hours (I did it) and I made the mistake to take some of the call than finale get true.If you live in metro areas may be this little company work for you, but do not move to much you will lost signal.

This phone was a early XMAS gift because her old phone was ready to die. She told me to pick her out a phone that had all the bells and whistles, didn't lock up, and wasn't to exspensive. As she was charging it for the first time Android installed the new updated OS, wile she was in the shower, Ya that fast! This phone fits the bill, its amazing. AMAZON had it at the house in no time. You made me a happy camper, Thanks

SOOO I BOUGHT THE PHONE GRANTED IT SHIPPED QUICKLY I WAS HAPPY EXCITED UNTIL I RECEIVED THE PHONE TOOK IT OUT THE BOX WENT TO CHARGE IT AND IT WOULDN'T CHARGE I USED THE NEW CHARGER IT CAME WITH STILL DIDN'T WORK WENT TO WALMART BOUGHT ME A CHARGER AND A UNIVERSAL BATTERY CHARGER IT STILL DIDN'T WORK I SPENT 30 BUCKS ON CHARGERS AND 48 ON THE PHONE PLEASE PURCHASE AT UR OWN RISK. . .

&#34; The phone worked got the phone it was fully charge but will not charge after. had to go and buy a new phone..store said battery  is no good and phone has been wet...will nerver buy any thing used again on Amazon sellers &#34; after this

Phone is very nice.. like most smart phones.. battery life sucks.. so I suggest getting another battery and docking wall charger but other than that.. great phone.

This phone has the keys to close , buttons do not always respond tp touch, and many of my needs are not possible on it unless I get app. And sometimes it shuts off and I canmot get it back on untill I take battery out and restart.

So, I've had this phone for over a year now. Definitely not the best, and would recommend spending the money for a better phone. It shuts itself off when I'm talking on it, and freezes quite a bit... So I end up leaving people awkward voicemails because I can't hang it up. Haha. The memory sucks, so if you're going to buy this phone, I would recommend buying like an 8 GB SD card, because it will probably only hold like 2 or 3 apps with the 2 GB that it comes with. But even if you do get the SD card, for some reason, it will only let you move certain apps to the SD card. If you plan on using a Facebook app, look elsewhere. But, it is a cheap Android. Haha.

lamentablemente  no  pude  activar  el  telefono  en  venezuela  esta  fuera  la  cdmalamentablemente  no  pude  activar  el  telefono  en  venezuela  esta  fuera  la  cdma

Overall, I would say this is a really good phone for the money. I have had mine now for just over 6 months and have been using the $50 unlimited plan from Boost. No issues, no problems.

This phone is beneath entry level, to honestly consider it a smartphone is misleading! It's a dumb phone! I'm sorry I purchased it, it has worthless factory installed apps that take up to much memory. You can not delete the apps you don't want and if you sync your account with Google it puts just about all your worthless information on your phone and takes up more space(SHEESH)! The phone screen locks on you while you are talking and you can't get around it nor stop it from doing that. Save your money and look elsewhere!!!

Me and my wife recently ditched our at&t contract plans for boost phones. I got this and she got a Samsung Seek (which she wanted for the physical keyboard and is also happy with, though it is not a smart phone). I am very happy with my purchase. It's a 5 star phone at the price its being offered. For the price and with Boost's low rate plan, I get a decent smart phone that can play games, surf the web and download apps. Is it the fastest ever? No. Is it great with battery life? No, but Juice Defender (a free app) helps. The screen is a bit small for typing, but  I found a keyboard (the free Big Buttons Keyboard) that works well enough for me to make typing less of an issue. My point being, that for what it allows you to do and the flexibility it offers with regards to your experience, it truly is worth it. The GPS even works very well as well.  This is my first smart phone, and I don't think its for a Smart Phone connoisseur expecting all the hot new features, but for a budget conscious consumer it is an outstanding value. Just make sure Boost covers your area well enough beforehand.

I bought this for my girlfriend about a year ago. I finally bought her a better phone. She has had nothing but problems with this phone. Short battery life, dropped calls and horrible reception. I would not recommend this phone.

Great phone for the price. The service is ok where I live. The camera could be bettter, but I really don't use it so I don't care. The only complain I would have is that when I run an app an the phone heats up, it has a tendency to freeze and not let me use the screen. Also the battery life is sort of short. Other than that its a great product.

had the two phones for two days so really too early to say allot but so far they have been fine being that we never had a android before so really cant compare. what i would like is a longer life battery which so far i was told from samsung they dont make one yet.the touch screen is very sensitive like others have posted.i think the size is fine i didnt want a large phone to carry around.so far i havent had any problems with calling and the person said i sounded goodi have dont some texting and that was fine with the android keyboard i turned off swype.the true test will be when i travel to see how the coverage will be but according the the map if i stay on the main routes i should be ok going from west to the mid west and south.

I love this phone.  I've had it since (the MINUTE) it came out, and have been putting it through it's paces. Sure, it is slower than some of it's Galaxy brethren, and no, it does not have a super AMOLED screen. It's a sub-$200.00 phone, for Pete's sake!The phone itself is esthetically beautiful. Sharp and compact, it has an elegant look and feel. The touch surface seems to be plastic, rather than glass, so I'd recommend a quality protector. I opted for the Zagg screen protector, well worth the twenty-dollar asking price.The camera is good! I've captured some great images from this and recommend the camera as good (albeit, a 2.0 MP). Have coupled this with a few well-chosen Camera Apps to get some very nice photos. For those reviewers around the web who slam this, remember - it is a 2.0 MP camera, they do NOT promise anything more (or great).Freeze ups ... yes, some of what you've read around the internet it true, at least from my vantage point as an owner / user - there are freeze ups, from time to time. What I've experienced so far, has been sparse, limited, and for a few seconds at at time. I have never had to actually reboot the phone, so I wonder if some of the freeze-up stories may be exaggerated. I can say with certainty, this is NOTHING like the Intercept, and nowhere near what you'll read online.I also have an issue with reviewers around the web, stating they experience "constant" selecting of the "wrong link", etc. I have experienced none of that, and I'm not a particularly advanced user. Perhaps these advanced reviewers are (typically) too smart for a "dumb" phone like this ... or maybe they just have fat hands.Small Bonuses ... I found it odd that Samsung (thoughtfully) pre-installed a File Browser (My Files), and a Task Manager. The file browser is excellent, and I think it's great to find one pre-installed.Though the jury is still out on Task Managers (some think they are great, others think they are not), I found this pre-installed gem to be much easier to work than others I've used (on other phones) from the Market.  There is also a "Think Free Office" pre-installed - I went ahead & signed up then tested this out, and it's a nice little bonus.This phone (and Boost service) were good enough for me to port an 11-year phone number (and service) from one of the major providers.As to some of the negative "reviewers", commenters and nay-sayers out there:  They can rag all they wish on this little device, as they rejoice in the splendor of their Droids, iphones and other superior hardware. I, on the other hand, have been very happy to find this, proud to own it ... and loving the simple, clean, no-tricks $50.00 per month of unlimited-everything service that comes with it.

I've had this phone for a couple weeks. It is my first smartphone, so I'm no expert and I don't expect a lot.Overall I'm pretty pleased. The $50 a month unlimited plan from Boost is a great deal. The web speed is decent and you can view web pages fairly easily. It has an email app that allows you to collect POP email, which is handyCONS:The keyboard - This is a big one. It is near impossible to type on the on screen keyboard. I've ordered a stylus to type. I have fairly nimble fingers, and every fourth letter I type results in the adjacent letter appearing. There is some kind of "swype" application that might help. If you send a lot of text messages, this probably is not the phone for you... or at least you should try it.The battery - seems like it lasts one day or maybe three hours if you're using itNo flash supportPROS:The pricethe size - it is thin and small, but this also means a small screenIt is android and there are lots of apps out there, or you could write your own.You can put a 32GB card in this and use it like an mp3 playerit comes with a GPS app that has traffic - but I haven't tried it yetThe screen changes orientation if you move the phoneUPDATE:I've had this phone for a year now, and generally I'm pretty happy with it. It really does change your life to get a smartphone-- they're little computers. I've found so many useful apps, and it is really great not to have to count phone minutes OR data volume. I will never go back to limited minutes or data limits. I listen to internet radio for long drives, download recorded books from the public library, check email and many more more little things... iPhone users don't dare do all that with their data limits.I've gotten used to the screen size. The battery lasts a bit longer since the last upgrade, but it helps to have spare batteries and a car charger. The flash/youtube issue seems to have been fixed by one of the upgrades. I bought a 32GB memory card, and now use the phone as my mp3 player.Boost's service has been just fine-- good enough coverage, reliable voicemail, no screw-ups with the account. Because I've paid on time, it is only $40 a month.

I have had this phone almost a year now and I love it. The apps are great. The call quality is good and I have faster speed internet. The only problem that I had is the internal memory. Which I helped by getting a high memory sim card and was able to download way more games. It also helps if you don't get the updates. I never update and my phone still works the same. The price is great also. I will use this phone till it breaks.

Wake up and take another look at the price! This is one of two Android phones available on BoostMobile. You can decide whether to buy this phone very quickly rather than reading through dozens of reviews comparing features, size, performance, etc. The Samsung Prevail is a credible, very functional Android 2.2 phone. Want something faster, bigger, better camera, clearer and brighter screen? Your only choice is to sign a 2 year contract with one of the top tier cell carriers AND get a contract with a data plan. That data plan is going to cost you at least $30 to $50 more per month than the current Boostmobile rate of $50/month that steps down quickly to $35/month.You will spend $700 to $1500 more over two years to get a nicer phone than the Samsung Prevail. If you or your company's expense account have no problem with that, READ NO FURTHER. You should definitely get your Android phone from ATT, Verizon, TMobile or Sprint. Pick one at random and it will be faster, bigger, more memory, better camera, etc.The BoostMobile Samsung Prevail is an intentionally limited phone that runs on the Sprint network. Why is it limited? Sprint sells Android phones too and charges approximately double the monthly rate that BoostMobile does for equivalent voice and data plans. Sprint isn't going to allow BoostMobile to sell the same higher performance and more desirable Android phones that Sprint sells. Sprint would lose too much business to BoostMobile.The Samsung Prevail phone is simply excellent in performance for basic functions: email, contacts, calendar and task management. There is no perceptible processing delay in response time to key presses. I watch YouTube videos without a glitch. Same with Pandora streaming music. I have driven all over creation listening to my favorite Pandora stations over the Sprint network and there has never been a dropout or pause in music. Google Maps is a star performer too as is the included TeleNav GPS app. It provides better real time driving guidance than my car's Magellan GPS. Facebook Mobile works great and runs faster than I can tap keys.The downside but worth living with unless you really can justify the cost of having better:- Data speeds are throttled to 3G - you are not running at the current highest standard of 4G. For all of the apps I mention above it simply doesn't make any difference. Most cell phone users at top tier companies don't have anything more than 3G now anyway. App providers realize this and the smart ones don't assume anyone has a 4G phone. If you need to upload or download HUGE files, photos or videos.... yes, you're going to notice it's kind of slow.- The camera is frustratingly limited. You're not going to get a good picture unless you have perfect lighting conditions. Any simple cell phone you've had with a camera, even ten years ago, was better than this. This is the most obvious of the intentionally crippled features to force you to buy a Sprint phone on the Sprint network if you want better. Learn to live with it. You'll get OK snapshots in good light. I still carry my Canon digital camera when necessary for better pictures.- The processor is slow. All Google apps and all apps supplied with phone run great, no response time delays or waiting. Apps from the Android marketplace are hit or miss. Some are CPU intensive and you'll wait awhile after you tap a key before anything happens without any status showing while you wait. The phone looks locked up but it's not. You wait 3 to 10 seconds and it works OK. Popular apps I've downloaded that do this are GasBuddy, MapMyRide, NYTimes and Weather.com mobile. Weather.com is basically unusable. There are several other weather apps that run like lightning.- The screen is small. I personally like this. The Samsung Prevail fits in a front pants pocket and doesn't even show. No holster required. If you have big fingers it's going to take awhile to master hitting the right keys on the QWERTY keyboard. They become bigger in landscape mode, just turn the phone sideways to get this orientation displayed.- The small battery requires careful management. There's no way you're going to make it through longer than an 8 hour day without recharging. Charge when you can on your desk, on your night stand and in your car. Buy an extra battery, charge it and take it with you for backup if you are going to be off the grid for an extended time.I'm not a road warrior but have frequent need to be out and about and in touch with my Samsung Prevail. It works exceedingly well for all the basics I really need in a smart phone. Anything else it does is just icing on the cake. I'm banking my monthly savings for an iPhone 11g.

I had to clear out some of the data and saved info in the phone but otherwise its exactly as promised and works great for my 15 year old son.

I had my Prevail for a few months before it broke down. This phone has been sent off three times and every time Radioshack "repairs" it I recieve the phone back in worse shape than when I sent it out! I hate this phone. It is a waste of money and over rated. It is a total hung of junk! Buyer beware!

This is my first smart phone. I'm very happy with it. OK, the battery life is pretty bad. If you're away from your car and home charger all day, you better bring some portable juice along.At first I had a problem with the phone locking up or freezing. The salesman at Best Buy told me that many Android phones have issues with Pandora. I'll keep this updated, but it looks like removing Pandora from the phone makes it run better and stops the freezing issue.I highly recommend "No Lock" if you don't like having to swipe the phone practically every time you pick it up.With Youtube ,sometimes it takes a little while for things to start up. There are occasional pauses in videos. Usually it's ok. This isn't 4G. But usually, the wait period isn't bad.I miss the dial pad of a real cell phone, but the ability to sync all my contacts with Gmail is fantastic. Plus with the search button and speech to text, I can often speak out loud the name of a business and the town it's in, and I will get the listing. Amazing!Where I live, you just cant get a phone this rich in features coupled with a plan this inexpensive. You can get a better phone, but you're going to have to go with a company that's charging at least $20 more per month.I used to have US Cellular, and I was told by a friend that I talk with regularly that my voice and voice mail are a lot clearer now. It could be the phone I used to have, some Motorola model that cost me over $100 a year and a half ago.The camera is very good, better than the 2mp that came with my Motorola. I haven't tried out the video yet. A great thing about the phone being an Android is that miraculously, the thousands of pictures I had stored in Picassa started appearing in my picture gallery.I've seen other smartphones with bigger screens, and all I can say is that when viewing a web page, the bigger the better. You're not going to want to gather around at Thanksgiving watching the football game on this thing, but you can watch something cute on Youtube before going to bed, or you can listen to a favorite podcast or Pandora station while taking a walk.I'm really happy with this phone, but I do foresee being challenged by the weak battery and having to plan for the hours that the phone cannot be tethered.I'm changing the phone from 4 to 3 stars because it's a little buggy. I'm disappointed that I might not be able to run Pandora on this phone, but I'm very happy with many of the other features.

I got my phone yesterday and i am so amazed at how well it works and what all i can do! I went from the samsung seek to this one and i wanted some thing more high teck and i am still learning about my phone! I like that i can watch movie trailers and you tube videos on my phone! It uses sprint towers and i live out in the middle of no where and i still can use the android app and download things unlike when my fiance uses his att phone! This phone has an awsome look as well and if you are prone to scratching your screen like i am make sure that you by screen protectors! THIS was an amazing deal and the cheapest i have found yet! If you are on your phone alot make sure you buy an extra battery it does die quickly if you use it constantly; Make sure you get a class 6 or higher sd card it does make a world of difference as well and they have some pretty cool accessories; I bought the silicone cover for $3 and screen protectors as well for the same price! This phone is goning to be my last for a while and i am very pleased with the product and the look and the features hope you will too thanks

This phone works great. Combined with the 50 a month unlimited deal its a great combination. My only complaint is that the battery life is very short but its the norm with android phones. I highly recommemnd this product.

It's probably the longest & best phone I had.It also helped that I use it as a router.The best phone for the right price

Dear AT&T;,Thank you for the last four years of service, or lack of service. I sincerely hope my donation of $1500 a year (that's $6000 total) was appreciated. I promise not to miss the poor products (refurbished and repackaged) or the astronomical rate plans.REVIEW:::The Prevail stomps my Motorola Blur (AT&T;) into last year with faster downloads, computer to usb capability, design features and much more.Awesome for any pocket, the phone is slim and light weight. The screen is beautifully clear, doesn't grease too easily, and provides a good viewing size for Youtube. Wifi capable; pretty fast internet and download speeds on both 3G and Wifi. There's voice texting for tired thumbs (feature recognizes speech). The phone takes photos and videos; quality is good for a cell phone. Best feature (to me) about the Samsung Galaxy Prevail is the usb flash drive capability. The phone is quickly recognized by my computer and easy to load music onto..no waiting time (no synching). The texting could be better (input method) but the voice texting speeds up text time. I say good job Samsung.Purchased the phone at Radio Shack with RS warranty (able to walk into a RS and get new phone). The call clarity is good (AT&T; is slightly better) and so far the phone has not dropped a call or lost signal. Phone calls from out of state are very clear! Boost is basically Sprint, the service is good and bars are available. The unlimited plan is actually $55 plus your state tax ($60.23 for me).BONUS:: Boost's shrinkage plan will reduce the bill to $40 (plus state tax) after 18 months. Payments must be made on time for 18 months to qualify. AT&T; does not reward on time payments for long term customers.There's no contract, it's the best phone I've owned and I'm saving over $800 a year. Excellent all the way around.***The Goal: save money, have a great phone/plan and carrier. Goal accomplished. If your contract is over with AT&T; or Verizon take the time to calculate all the money you have spent. (Make sure a toilet is nearby). After you are done being sick, buy this phone and unlimited plan! Save yourself money and feel good with a fixed bill. Take the money you will save and pay down a credit card, go on vacation, put away money for college, buy stocks, buy food or just save your precious funds!*Update: Still satisfied with this phone and the savings. Although Boost only offers a few phones at this time period  of 2012, I'm convinced they will supply additional phones in the future. Everything unlimited for $50 a month is gorgeous baby. ;)**Update December 16th 2012: Lost my original phone in October and purchased this phone again. Still love it! Now my service is $45 a month and this December I have money for gifts and school; plus paid my monthly household bills. It's nice to not be spending my extra money on air. I've noticed my service has improved on my new phone (a tower might have been added to the area) and the call clarity is excellent.***Final Update September 10th 2013: My service with Boost Mobile is now $40 a month for unlimited everything. I figured out the total cost of ownership (of the galaxy prevail over 24 months) and it boiled down to $8.25 a month to own this phone. It would have been less if I had not lost the original phone. I've enjoyed saving money and the galaxy prevail features (maps, camera phone/video, excellent battery life, durability and quality). I've upgraded this week and am excited to gain a ton of internal memory with the Samsung Galaxy S2. Yes, I realize the S2 is not the latest and greatest, however, Boost is offering an incredible price on this phone. I believe you should not pay more for a phone than a tablet or laptop ($250). Side Note: I would continue using the Prevail, however, the internal memory is under 1 gig and the built in applications cannot be moved to the additional sd card. I've enjoyed saving roughly $2000+ over the last two years with Boost Mobile. Best thing about Boost Mobile is there's no contract. If you don't like the service you can go shack up with Verizon or AT&T.; Personally, I think people are figuring out that "contracts" are just a nice way of saying "wallet vacuuming".

This phone appears to be great so far. Has a lot of good features.  I love the  syncing of email accounts and it is easy to transfer data. Would recommend this purchase.

This phone is a fast smartphone that is great. It can basically do what an iphone can do. So, I recommend it.

I bought this right after they came out in May of 2011. I thought I did a good amount of research before I bought it, but I really wish I had done more. I almost gave it one star, but I decided that was a little harsh; it does work, but it has lots of problems. Errors pop up all the time (especially for Google and Google Calendar); I have looked up how to stop them and apparently it is possible but involves technical knowledge beyond my own, and I do not want to attempt it and end up messing the phone up worse than it already is. I have tried talking to customer service, and it is very, very hard to get through to an actual person (generally I am hung up on first), and if I actually do, they usually are little or no help. It came with a SD card which says it has lots of space on it, but I have very few apps and the phone is always saying it's low on space. Any time I want to download anything I have to delete an app I already have and want to keep. I don't know why this is and can't seem to fix it. This is my first smartphone and I was very excited to upgrade, but as soon as I am able I will be trading it in.

Great little phone. No problems. Does everything I want it to. VERY fast internet connection. Just the right size screen, not big and bulky. Great phone for the price.

Not being one to get gushy, it would be difficult to get better scores than I've indicated out of me. I recharge twice during the day and again over night. Although I did not buy the unit for internet connectivity, It would really be nice if it ran flash. Speed and reliability both suffer from the phone only being 3G, but probably suffer even more from my primary location (a notorious black hole for cell phone service.). Really glad it will glom on to available WiFi though. Anything else I have to complain about (or praise) is based on performance of the built in or pre-loaded applications. To make things short, once in a while I still miss my old not-smart phone.

needed this phone just for temp reasons. and i always wanted one of these.thanks for shipping.love the price that is why i bought it.

I will start off by saying that i have owned several high end devices and i am a loyal android geek so that being said please take into consideration the fact that i am talking to you based on my experience only after havig HTC Evo, HTC Evo Shift and Samsung Epic 4g...ive had the phone for a whole month almost now soo here we go!The Pros?-Battery life: lasts a full day or more on stand by however you will understand why as i continue.-Thin and lightweight.-Decent Resolution on screen (not the best but not the worst)The Cons?-Crappy Camera with no flash.-Crappy Video playback.-Lags a lot and internet force closes 6 oit of 15 times.-Ram memory is the most insignificant ive seen since it always shows memory issues on the top left corner!-Doesnt support as much memory for texts as you would expect because it fills up quick depending on how heavy of a texter you are.-Touchscreen becomes unresponsive easily after holding it against your ear talking.Bottomline this is a purchase i regret given the fact that the evos are now being sold flashed to boost and for less than 200.00!This is not a phone i would recomment to anyone who is an avid Android user and is used to doing tasks on the fly, for the price of this phone i honestly wish they would carry something more decent! i will be putting mine up for sale thats how unahppy i am with the device.

I can't even describe how fast, easy, and convenient it was to order this phone from Amazon.com, i dont even think it was a whole 2 days...LOLI am extremely pleased with their service, once again!!

the phone is nice, and i love android but this phone is constantly freezing! even when im texting i cant get it to start working properly at times. DO NOT get this phone.

Basically, if all you want this phone for is to make phone calls and texts, there are better phones out there for that purpose. And if you want this phone to have a cheap smartphone, again, there are better phones out there for this purpose. This phone doesn't have enough internal memory to update any of the preloaded apps on there, which means you also don't have enough room to put any more apps on there, say for instance, facebook or pandora. Let alone any games. Not being able to use any of the apps basically negates any pro's it might have for being a touch screen 'smartphone'. Another severe annoyance is the notifications ringtone. If you get a voicemail, the phone can't update an app (and my phone can't EVER update google talk) or you get a text message there is no way to differentiate ringtones for these various different things. I have to check the phone whenever I hear the ringtone because it MAY be a text, though it's usually a notification that it couldn't update google talk. Unable to express how annoyed this makes me. Also, the battery is just junk. If I make 3 phone calls and then don't use the phone at all, it's dead within 6 hours. I bought this phone as a way to not only make phone calls and texts, but as a way to check my facebook and email when I'm away from my laptop. Only a week in and I'm so annoyed with this 'smartphone' I wish I'd just stuck with my previous phone. Which, while using facebook and checking email on it were clunky, at least it could do it without killing all the battery and memory. And it wasn't a smartphone. My recommendation, is find another phone, this one is just a smartphone designed for frustration.

I bought this phone at a very low price when I bought two years ago.  It is a great phone and was very study.  I dropped it several times and it never broke. I have since bought a new phone, but I will tell anyone who wants a great quality phone stick to Samsung.  They make great phones.  It had a long battery life and the volume on it was fantastic.  Best phone I ever had.

Maybe I got a faulty model? I have had this same cell phone in the past andhad no significant issues with it. However, when I purchased it again from AmazonI have been having an issue with it (since I first bought it) of it turning offand restarting randomly during the day (about 3-4 times per day), even while I amin the middle of using it normally.It hasn't been through any drops with me, so there's no reason why it should be doing this.

The phone is a great phone ...it would be nice if it had hotspot lol but it's a nice phone for the price......now the service is horrible boost has to shape up .....if you don't have wifi then you'll be regretting getting boost I can't even load up a youtube video if not on wifi but the phone def a smartphone

Boost offers this as a unlimited smart phone and once it arrived it took quite a steep learning curve to learn but after that it was great and did everything quite well. A big step up from the last phone she had. Not 4g but works fine with lots of features.

Great Deal.  The phone was cheaper then it was at boost mobile store, and the shrinkage plan is an exceptional offer.  It can do everything I can do.  No its not an Iphone, but the data plans for Iphones are ridiculous pricing; and the phone itself is craze; almost forcing you into a contract.Prepaid is the way to go, Boost has a great plan for $50 a month unlimited and this phone allows me to check facebook, play online games like angrybird or scrabble and a lot more.  Its a great bang for the buck no doubt.

My old phone broke because I spilled water on it. MENTAL NOTE: keep it away from liquids and vice versa. The coolest feature it can do is be on a phone call and browse the web at the same time.

Decided to ditch my old cell plan and join the smartphone movement. So far, I could not be happier. Got the phone for $150, and it included a $50 Boost card. Easy to set up, easy to use. A smooth transition into the world of android smartphones. Overall a very good impression. The camera takes very nice pictures for only 2 megapixels. Having GPS built in is a nice added touch. Call volume is clear and loud. Touch screen works very well. I have large fingers and did order a stylus for this phone but can type by fingers carefully with no mistakes.I did invest in an extra battery and charger. Using my phone a lot at work, I get around 5 or so hours of use on a full charge before the warning to plug in and recharge pops up. I just pop in my spare and it gets me thru the rest of the day. A word of caution on car chargers, I bought a few. I also got my wife one of these phones, and noticed that one of the car chargers, when plugged into my phone, charges it, but also causes it to go into system settings or search modes.

My biggest issues with this phone are the fact that the network isn't so great. I work in New Jersey and live in New York and the service is pretty messed up in both places. I will have ok/so so bars in Jersey City but laying on my bed in Brooklyn I will have NONE! I can be walking outside and have no bars and it's just a very picky network. Network aside, Samsung has never done me well to be honest with you. Of the 11 phones I have had, 5 have been samsung and all 5 showed minor malfunctions within weeks. So, for the price it's ok but for service/product I'm going to have to say up your game boost/samsung.

when you touch the screen doesn't always work battery doesn't last long

Said phone was in good condition tried to activate found out it had technical problems and was not able to be used

I have this phone and I am trying to sell it! I have switched phone companies and no longer use it!

It is a good 1st time smart phone for a beginner but the memory is horrible. Eventually after 1yr of use the screen freezes up often. Pictures are horrible if in doors. Battery does not last a full day. Gets hot often. Shuts off on its own in the middle of the night. It was good for a yr and for my 1st one. But went downhill fast after that.

Was good for couple months and then just had  sent back to factory last couple months and died not good

We replaced an ancient Nextel phone on Boost with the Prevail and have been very impressed. It's a well-made phone without a lot of bloatware installed, runs well, no freezeups or reboots needed. I've installed a whole host of applications from the Android market and it digested them all. We tried streaming Netflix via WiFi. Passable, but not stellar. There were a few dropped frames here and there but the video was more than watchable given how, just a few years ago, people weren't even doing this on most netbooks.I like the build quality. It feels solid, without a lot of loose or questionable parts to fall off. Sound quality is decent, and reception is on par with any other phone we used in the past. The screen is a bit smallish to use with my fingers, but my wife manages fine.Keep in mind that this lacks a lot of the bells and whistles of higher end Android phones. The camera is pretty bad. Video quality no better than any 5 year old camera phone. No autofocus on the camera either, so you're not going to be using the barcode scanner apps because they don't work. You get a small amount of onboard storage, but a 2Gb microSD card is included. This means you'll need to put most of the apps you install on the sd card.Battery life is okay, but not great. Watch out for the behind the scenes battery drains, in particular apps like Facebook or Yahoo Mail really suck down the battery life.All in all, when you consider the price and the fact it's a no contract phone, you can't really go wrong with the Prevail. I've been pretty happy with it.

This phone has dozens of free apps, games and books.Apps for Facebook, weather, free GPS, youtube, gmail, yahoo messenger, a compass, a stop watch, you can set alarms and events in the caledar, etc.Holds thousands of songs.Battery lasts about 12 hours, about 9 hours if you're using it nonstop.I love it.Great phone, better than it's verizon counterparts if you ask me.

My first encounter with an Android Phone was with the Mytouch 3G, and that phone was a disservice and I paid hundreds upon hundreds for that piece of trash. I vowed never to use another android phone and just settled with a regular junk-phone with an ipod in my pocket... which isn't always connected to wifi which seriously limited me in terms of turn by turn directions or just being connected... And once I realized how much of a pain in the butt itunes is and how limited the ipod is as well -- I decided to look into another Android phone, I wanted to see if there was any way that I could get a prepaid service and still have an Android phone and lo-and-behold. Here's this cute sucker. Its display is amazingly better than the mytouch. The touch screen is great. The phone actually loads and is worth every bit of the $50/mo charge. It tends to have a glitch here and there, but that can be expected with anything dealing with a Linux sort of philosophy. I'm happy with this purchase where as I was not happy with the mytouch and the ipod... well... not so much the ipod... but apple... which forces their great products to match a debouched and stupid philosophy.

I love this phone. It is my first smart phone and it is basically like any other smart phone. The only problem I have with this phone is it is way smaller than the pictures make it look

After a year or so the software has started crashing frequently.  I also now have problems receiving any group messages.  They just come through as blank.  Not sure if that is provider or phone, but the overall quality and durability is a disappointment.

As others have said-1)Awful battery life2)Painfully slow downloads and connections.3)No internal memory. Zero room for apps the Cutomer chooses to download!!!!!4)Laggy5)Unresponsive touch screen.6)Poor sound quality.The list of negatives could go on.If given a choice between this phone and my old analogue flip phone and dial up internet service I would choose the later.

The phone is a 'you get what you pay for'.  Works, but not as well as others.The Boost mobile service is the worst phone service I have ever had in my life!  Worst customer service I have ever had!  My home showed up on their service map as having coverage.  I got the phone and was unable to stay on the line for more than a minute without my call being dropped.  It usually dropped within seconds.  Absolutely horrible!  Unusable.  Did they care?  Not even slightly.  Finally got a manager, who first claimed that my location should get 'fair' service.  By the end of the call he claimed that my home was not even shown on the map as having service!!!  Talk about a bad company!  Even in a city, with full bars, my calls were dropped within minutes.

Pleased with the phone.  Good value for the money.  Not a 5 star phone so I won't give it 5 stars but like I said it's a good value for the money

This phone is very addicting.  I'd highly recommend this for a starter adroid mobile device.  It totally rocks.  Just make sure that you buy the accessories to protect it.  Delivery was really fast.  Makes a great gift. Everybody and their grandmother should own one.

I needed an android phone for business purposes and my limit was $50 as far as my monthly fees were concerned.I researched and found this particular phone and it is actually my very first android phone so I have nothing to compare it to.I was with Straight Talk for over a year and it served me well but the android phones that they had available at the time were not accommodating for my needs.The Samsung Galaxy Precedent that they just introduced which can closely be compared with this one would have worked well w/me and I more than likely would have purchased it but they came out w/it after the fact.Anyway, I am not "technologically savvy" so I needed something that was not going to require me to bust my brain trying to figure it out.I am so pleased with the simplicity of navigating this phone!I took an entire day of reading the manual, watching various YouTube videos and just fumbling around with it and within days I was able to operate it with ease.I am told that it is a "lower level" android phone so I feel that it is the perfect phone to prepare me, (or any "newbie" like myself) for when I am ready to graduate to the next level :)The only issue that I have or "had" with this phone so far is that the battery life is literally non existent. It only lasts about 6-7 hrs.I knew this when I purchased it so I also ordered extra batteries AND a charger from here:[...]I carry my batteries everywhere that I go so my phone never dies. Battery issue resolved!Like I said I am new to the android experience and I can now understand why a lot of android owners are always making a mad dash somewhere to plug in/charge their phones. Get some extra batteries and a car charger ASAP!I also purchased a phone case, stylus, screen protector, car charger and an earpiece. All of these items have been so useful as well especially the stylus.I have had no problems at all with my phone service, internet service, texting, any of the apps nor with customer service which I have heard can be very challenging.I have a terrible sense of direction so the GPS does come in handy. It is amazingly accurate! I use it all of the time.All of this for $50, ($49.88 if you visit Walmart and purchase a Boost card) cannot be beat.My experience with this phone and with Sprint customer service so far has been exceptional.Simply put, I am loving this phone and I would certainly recommend it.Peace & Light!

I have had my ups and downs with this phone.  I love the aps but hate the keyboard.  It really is too small but I am thinking of getting a stylus for it soon.  I do use the swype option to text if I am texting something long.  You really do get used to it.  The other problem I have had with it recently is that is has been locking up on me more- this maybe because I rarely shut it down.  Also sometimes the keypad is too sensitive and I accidentally call people.  The positives for me is the PRICE- for the service- I got in before Androids were $5 more so I only pay $50 a month but that will drop next month down to $45.  I also got the insurance with it and pay an extra $5 a month in case I break it or loose it- worth it for me since I have 4 kids and lots of accidents.  I love the fact that I do not have to worry about minutes or texting too much.  I like that I do not have to have worry about being online too much on this like Facebook or my emails.  There is no roaming which is a great thing when I hear my friends talk about watching the roaming and data that they use.  I do not have time to mess with it.  I usually have good service where I live and now I know where I am going to find dead spots.  I have been very lucky to have found this phone!  I will NEVER go back to a blackberry.  I hope this helps!

This is a nice product.  I really like this phone the only problem is battery life!  The shipping was good too! I'm happy with everything and give the whole situation 5 stars!

this phone is no good. There is not enough space for all the apps I need and it runs very slow. I'm so disappointed. It will be returned.

Phone is great.  Amazon has a better price than wmart.  We added the amazon cloud app, and were able to get our songs from the cloud with no trouble.  I think this is one of the first android pre-pays out there, and I recommend it for any prepay customer who wants to step up to the new smart phone.  Angry birds rocks!!!

Just upgraded my phone from the crappy Cricket one I had before here in San Diego. This was LEAPS beyond what I had before and Boost has offered a better service and price than Cricket did.Pros:- Very sleak looking phone. A few friends with huge Android phones that have all the bells and whistles liked that this was more compact and looked high-end.- Fairly fast (I'm comparing to a phone that had limited web previously though)- Clear screen- Decent battery life, if you don't go crazy with app use or internet- Love Boosts plan, especially the shrinkage and international callingCons:- Double Lock. Immediately I noticed that when making calls you had to swipe the screen and push the top power button to actually talk on the call. Terrible! This is for EVERY call. It actually annoyed me so much I thought of returning it, but I thought about the price point and the other benefits and got used to it. Still major annoyance like many discussion boards talk about but hey.- Boost has dropped the calls a number of times, so not perfect but better than CricketAll-in-all, I'm thrilled with this purchase. I save about $40 compared to Boost's site for ordering the phone and it came packaged brilliantly. I already find myself using this for all the fun apps and internet usage I have been missing out on. What else can I say? If you're questioning whether to jump to Android type phones and want to keep your budget low (this is cheaper than non-Android phones), this is the one for you. Get ready for a huge annoyance with having to push the power button each time to make a call but that's the only real pain.Enjoy!

The Galaxy Prevail does not have enough internal memory to update the preloaded apps which come with the phone that can't be deleted.  Even if you use a memory card the phone will be unable to download basic apps without giving you never ending low memory warnings.  In turn the lack of memory shuts down basic functions such as the ability to receive text messages.The Prevail is a smart phone which is unable to preform basic smart phone functions, so I would strongly recommend against getting it.  Boost Mobile has released several far superior phones in this price range.  I'm actually a bit surprised that this flawed phone has not been discontinued.

very good phone, I've recommended it to all my friends and family.I have no issue at ll with this product.Samsung Galaxy Prevail Android Smartphone (Boost Mobile)Solid Black Silicone Skin Gel Cover Case For Samsung Galaxy Prevail M820

Great robust little smart phone that does all that I need and more, Boost Mobile is a deal hard to beat

I had so many problems with this cell phone. After two years of trying to deal with it (settle, basically), I decided to get a different type entirely, a newer Android cell. All things considered, it made me miss my Blackberry, seriously. (And compared to this one, Blackberry was a lower-tech type of cell, but looking back only had a couple problems.)Here were the biggest problems:(1) The phone would shut off at any given moment. Not only was this annoying, it was inconvenient.(2) The memory was very small- I constantly had to delete my messages- text, emails, and also pictures from my gallery. I tried inserting a larger micro card, but this didn't do a thing. This was really ridiculous. The rep told me to delete any apps that i wasn't using because memory is small (nothing else you can do about it).(3) During the past few months of having this cell phone, I would not get notifications of Missed Calls, Voicemail, or Text Messages until the following morning. This was really inconvenient.(4)While accessing my e-mails, (when I could access them)it would constantly "FORCE CLOSE." This was a constant  ongoing thing.(5) Emails were not always showing up on my cell- and when I called boost support, it took about four or five calls to get something going (the last call which was successful was a call center in the US), but even then, it worked for a day. Eventually I figured it out on my own, and was able to get the emails again.(6) Text messages' pictures were not able to be saved to my gallery; this was a nice function that blackberry cells allowed.As far as ANDROID goes, this was an all-around poor performance model, and I would not suggest getting this cell. It is surprising that this is still on the market, because there are so many major problems.

I bought this because I had 2 blackberrys (boost) that were no good, so I tried this, what a mistake!! call volume is good, calls are fairly clear but, Several times there has been instances with calls from different people where I could not hear them talking at all & was forced to hang up. It will not receive incoming texts whats so ever, it tells me memory is full, I deleted a lot of apps but still it would not work. Stupid thing shuts itself off, I have missed emergency calls because of it. What really ticks me off is anything I try to do, especially upload pics to facebook; I get messages that say facebook, or email or google, whichever, has closed down unexpectedly, please try again. ARG! Presently I have been trying to upload a pic of my son to facebook for 2 days, I'M STILL getting the messages!!! I am trashing this phone and going with a different one. Don't waste your money on this cheap worthless android wannabe!!!

I made a couple of minor changes, due to the reviews on Amazon.  I got a 8gb class 6 sdhc card, improves the speed, also downloaded task killed to stop apps from running in the background and killing battery life.  I have half of my battery life left after one day of surfing, adding contacts, and setup.The phone is light, not plasticy feeling like some previous people posted.  It has not frozen or timed out.  Great service here in San Diego.  Very responsive touch screen.  Speech to text,  websearch, and call is a nice hands free feature.  Swype is new to me and kinda difficult to use, but u can set the sensitivity for errors.  I set up wifi in my home, due to a low signal, works perfectly.  I am very impressed!Oh and people are complaining that you can't use a sim card, simply bluetooth yourself the contact business card, the prevail automatically puts the contact info, all phone numbers and email included, into your contact list!  I have never owned an iPhone, but do own an iPad and it is very similar in most aspects.I have the $50 unlimited everything plan, love it!  Transferred my number online from Att via the Boost mobile site, no problems!Get urself a gmail acct beforehand to save time on the android market logins.  I haven't even read the manual, I'm 28 so most people should not have a problem figuring it out.Get ur free app/day on Amazon!UPDATE:  if your having an android acore process force close issue!I recently added the fb app... Horrible idea!  After I added it I could no longer update my existing contacts, I assume it's because fb syncs with them. Samsung suggested I send the phone back since they didn't know what was wrong.  I figured it out on my own that it was fb.  I had to reset my phone 3 times and add my apps back one at a time to figure it out.  If u value ur time, don't add this app and make sure u backup your contacts on gmail!

I really like the phone, had it about 2 months now.  It has everything you could possibly want in a mobile device and it is especially cool that boostmobile has a smartphone with their great unlimited plan.  I have dropped it a few times (yes I am little clumsy) and it keeps on ticking no problems whatsoever.  I work in the tech field and many of my friends have more powerful phones such as the iphone, etc.  I do not want to carry around a large device weighing my pockets down and I do not need all the extra bells and whistles that supposedly these phones have. I am content getting on the internet, texting when I need to and making phone calls.  Also have a few cool apps and I am truly satisfied.  You cannot beat this phone and the carrier hands down this is one of best decisions I made along with buying a pruis :), I dont just buy things to promote my status as having the best so-called technology and products, if you are like me a practical and budget conscious individual then the samsung galaxy and boostmobile is for you.

The Prevail isn't a multitaskin phone. So it will freeze. Be aware that it comes preloaded with Apps u'll never use & that takes up space already. Also it tends 2 heat up quickly when u use it alot. Short battery life. Don't always receive texts or receives them later. I did own 1 & hated the force close on everythin it did. @ times I wanted 2 toss it. Think about this b4 u go & buy this phone. My gf has had her's less then I did & is ready 2 break it. Calls @ time freeze it. So if u text & call ppl, note that a battery remove is needed 2 fix it after u tell ur person u r talkin 2 bye. Is it worth the headache 2 get this phone? U decide

To enjoy your Prevail, you MUST carefully manage its small internal memory. There are only 161mb of available internal memory for apps. Some 3d party apps, such as Netflix, can be moved to the SD card. But, Google's own apps, such as Google Maps, must remain in internal memory.Do a factory reset, and reformat your SD card as part of the factory reset. Transfer your photos to your computer first, as a reset wipes your SD card clean.After the factory reset, go immediately to Google Play and UNcheck the box for "automatic updates". You will get messages asking you to update "Google Maps" and other Google apps. Simply "clear" those messages, as Google apps runs faster and more smoothly on the Prevail with the "stock" factory app and NO updates.Go to your setting for text messages and set a limit per thread, such as 50 messages and 2 "media messages". Old messages that exceed those limits are automatically erased to free up memory.The factory reset takes ten minutes. After the reset, I installed my favorite apps, including Netflix, Pandora, and Google Music, moving Netflix and Pandora to the SD card. I have over 60mb of open internal memory, and all of the apps on my Prevail work svery smoothly.

The DEC # was invalid and I was not able to active my phone through Boost mobile, so it has been returned.  How does that happen?

This phone works great as long as you dont want to use apps. I have had this phone for several months and have been trying to figure out what is wrong with the memory since i bought it. I was very surprised to find out there is nothing wrong with my phone. It just has insufficient internal memory to run even the apps it cmes preloaded with. After looking at specs on alot of android phones, it appears that this one has the smallest internal storage available on the market. I cant even clear the low memory alert anymore. I feel I wasted my money on this one It looks like anything else would have been better. A phone with "normal" internal storage costs the same amount of money.  DONT DO THIS TO YOURSELF :-)

Got my phone within a couple of days, it is about 20 bucks cheaper then walmart and every where else. Took about 2 days to receive the day. It was in the seller package as promised. No issues setting up the phone or switching to Boost. Happy to of left sprint! I love the phone, and all the new apps. Only down fall that I can see is the battery life. Other then that I highly recommend the phone and the seller!

Boost is a cut rate mobile phone carrier owned by Sprint. There is no tech department. Consumers are encouraged to do everything themselves; that is, activate the mobile phone using the Boost website or listening to prerecorded instructions use a phone number pad. This is fine with me--I prefer this method. But if there's a problem and you need technical support, Boost isn't going to help you. Consumers can try to contact a customer service representative but the phone menu is set up to make it virtually impossible to contact a representative (Sprint cares more about saving money than providing good customer service). After several tries, I contacted a customer service representative who "activated" my phone. The rep told me it would take up to 24 hours to activate. The phone never worked so I called customer service again a couple of days later (again, after several tries at navigating the phone menu from Hell). The customer service rep set up my phone for activation again and told me that it would work within an hour. The phone never activated. I called back but could not get through the labyrinthine phone menu Sprint devised to discourage consumers from contacting its outsourced customer service reps. The phone menu hung up on me 3 times for pushing the wrong button and I had to call back and start all over again. I finally gave up and tried to cancel my account but I was informed that Boost never cancels an account; they just inactivate it and keep your credit card information.I ended up filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. At this point, I just wanted to cancel my account and return the phone for a refund. After a few days, Stan from Sprint Executive offices in Fort Worth called me. Stan gave me the usual perfunctory apologies and talked to me in scripted corporatese with a Texas accent. He wasn't very good at it. After about 10 minutes he said, "I'm going to talk to you like a human being." He then became my best friend and got very chatty. Stan advertises himself as a Christian. He loves Jesus, believes in the right to bear arms, and home schools his children (so they can grow up to be as smart as him and reject scientific facts). This idiot was the guy that was in charge of resolving my complaint. He didn't solve any of my issues I had with Boost and Sprint. I ended up filing a complaint with the FCC.If you are still thinking about signing up with Boost, let me make a suggestion. Call their customer service number for information about how to activate a phone. See if you can get a hold of a human being that can help you. I think then you will be convinced. As for me, I will never ever ever use Boost or Sprint again.Sprint did one thing for me. It motivated me to look at other plans. Verizon has, by far, the best rated customer service and right now I am looking into an unlimited $50 a month prepaid plan. It looks pretty good so far.

This a perfectly good BASIC smart phone. The only complain I have is that boost mobile loaded it with so many &#34;unremovable apps&#34; that you can't add many apps you actually want. If you are tech savvy it is a much better phone if you root it.

I have the iphone and I have this Samsung. Nothing replaces the iphone but this samsung sure gives it a run for its money. I love the voice activation and how I can push a simple button and tell it what I want and even what I want to text. Its fast easy to use and if you actually set up all its features is like having a voice activated computer in your hand. It surfs great has great apps, can handle more than 5 email accounts. Great for face booking.It takes good pictures easy to forward or place on your facebook page. I can really say enough about this phone. The charge last me all day considering I am surfing and texting while checking my emails

I really wanted the Warp phone, which was impossible to find anywhere except Boost's online store where my orders never went through properly.  So this phone was actually my second choice. The only things I don't like about it are:1. When I bought the phone, the app I most wanted for it (barcode scanner) didn't work because the camera doesn't have auto-focus.2. There's so little space on it that I'm constantly getting a low-on-space message (it would be nice if ALL apps had the capability of being moved to the SD card).3. Because of the touch screen, I sometimes accidentally hang up on whoever I'm talking to.Other than that, it's a good phone and I use it for just about everything imaginable.

This phone is Boost Mobile's entry level Android device, it sports an 800Mhz processor and Android 2.3.5.The Pros:- Interface is clean and runs nice and fast- The phone itself is reasonably fast (for what it is), most Apps load and run just fine and it will play some games (Angry Birds works fine) - just don't expect it to play the high end ones.- Battery life is not bad, with moderate usage I was able to use the phone all day with a single charge.  Power users should probably keep a spare battery around but this is the same with all Androids in my experience.- The Swype keyboard is excellent- It's Boost Mobile, it runs on the Sprint network and has all the excellent coverage Sprint provides but it's only $55 a month, and less if you pay on time!The Cons:- The phone comes with a severe lack of storage, and a bunch of preloaded apps you'll hardly ever use that cannot be moved to the SD card.  Be prepared to only install the Apps you truly want and rotate the ones you use less often.  Bad move by Samsung.- The 2MP camera is garbage, has no autofocus and no flash.  Good luck scanning QR codes.  I won't even mention the video recording.- The screen scratches VERY easily, get a case and a screen cover.- The Swype keyboard is great, but if you don't use it typing on the keyboard is an exercise in frustration.Bottom line: If all you want is a phone with a few "smart" features and not much else then this is the phone for you.  If you want to play games, or install a bunch of apps look elsewhere.

After two weeks phone started freezing and becoming unresponsive for not apparent reason. The only way togain back control on the phone was to remove the battery..yuck.I called Boost and of course they sent me to Samsung. I called Samsung and they had me ship the phone to them, it took them almost three weeks to "fix" it.I wouldn't mind the time if they have fixed the phone but they didn't. To make a long story short, I tried with 5 different headsets, two of them Samsung brand, and after having a long conversation, 10 minutes or more, the phone willfreeze or reboot. You have to remove the battery to be able to gain access to the phone. If it weren't for this issue, I would give the phone a 4 stars, but this is too much. If you don't use Bluetooth this could be a decent phone for the price.

this is the worst phone i have ever used. i had to return the first one and the second one was just as bad.....samsung really screwed up on this one, and they have no customer service!!!!!

I've been with Sprint when they were Sprint PCS (Before they merged), I've been with Nextel when they were independent (When I signed up I got a i730 and had to pay $100 still, goes to show you how long), I've been with Nextel when they were bought out or "merged" with/by Sprint, and lastly I switched to Sprint " Together with Nextel when the HTC ppc-6800 or "The HTC Mogul" came out, great phone by the way, and I've bought more phones then I could ever count (i730's, i860's, i870's I was the first citizen with the highly anticipated i930 and many others, I even began selling them as a source of income. The galaxy is in a league of it's own. This phone is by far the best phone I have owned yet.* Inexpensive* Great Monthly Plans* Android Technology, which is conveniently all of the sudden necessary to have* Ascetically Pleasing* Samsung is a great company* Very easy to learn, you don't have to read a book just to figure out to make a phone call* Unlike jail there's no _ O _ _

Really good phone. Perfect condition. Fast shipping. I do have some trouble with service but I think that's on boost mobile. But other than that great phone. Buy it! :)

I,got this Samsung galaxy prevail sph-m820 at amazon.the sd card door want stay close.it always say card not mounted.keeps opening.now i'm out of &80.00,so what do I do just count it lost.

This is an entry level Android phone w/an entry level price.  I paid ~$170 for mine from the website when it first came out.  I noticed for Xmas 2011 they were offering 40% off promotions on their phones.Pros1) Low cost for an Android phone2) Well made3) good screen4) thinCons1) Biggest issue:  Only 117MB internal memory.  If you load up w/a bunch of apps that can't be offloaded to the SD card you'll quickly run out of memory and have numerous performance issues.  I ran it w/all the basic apps w/no problem (FB, Groupon, Gmail, Youtube) so I managed to get around the issue.2) Big issue for bluetooth users:  This phone was completely unstable and locks up if you keep Bluetooth turned on.  I was about to return it the first week, but the RadioShack manager told me to turn off bluetooth and give it another week.  I did that and was fine.  I you require bluetooth all the time then DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.3) Camera fairly weak:  It has not flash, no auto-focus, and performs very poorly in low light, but what do you expect for a smart phone costing &lt;$200Summary:  Excellent choice if you want all the basics that an Android phone has to offer.

I've officially learned after having this phone over a year now that why Apple is where they are.  Within 1st few months of ownership phone alreadyg down on its started acting up such as freezing up, shutting down on its own and so many other glitches.  Do not buy as this is the worst phone I have purchased since a Nextel...

doesn't come with slider keyboard but the screen is a great size to look out without having to put on reading glasses. Cool price and still working.

this is my first "smart phone" and now I couldn't live without it! Boost Mobile ROCKS for service and cost for a cell plan and has a decreasing monthly cost with every six months of continuous payments!!! get one now!

At $150 the Samsung Galaxy Prevail is a pretty great value.  The phone is just right sized- it's smaller than most android phones but I actually prefer it that way.  It's perfectly sized to operate with one hand.The phone works perfectly fine- as long as you're not trying to run too many apps the performance is good.  All in all a really great middle-of-the-road value smartphone.  Except for one huge problem.What every single other review fails to mention is that the phone only includes a paltry 200 MB of internal storage.  200 MB is NOT a lot of memory.  Yes you can expand it with a microSD card- I have a 32 GB in mine- but it's not really a solution.  Only certain apps can install to a microSD card.  The VAST majority of apps CANNOT install to a microSD card.  What's more is that apps that do install to microSD only do so partially- they still take up part of the internal storage.  The only thing a microSD card is really good for is media- music, photo and video files.So you're left with an extremely limited amount of internal storage.  Enough for maybe 2-3 dozen apps.  On top of your limited storage you're stuck with half a dozen bloatware apps- apps that you cannot uninstall.  Pretty useless junk like Layar, Point, and ThinkFree Office.  Thinkfree is a huge space sucker- it's about 10 MBs when you uninstall all the updates.  Even if you uninstall all the updates for the bloatware apps they still suck up about 30 MB of your 200 MBs of internal storage.More space will be taken up by the Android 2.3 update, updates for Maps, Gmail, Search, etc.  You get the picture- not a lot of storage.  I'm constantly searching for things to delete to make room for new apps, deciding which apps I don't need and can remove, or downloading apps, using them, and then deleting them immediately.It's a shame because other than that it's actually a really great phone.  If it had more storage I would call it a no-brainer, but if you have the cash you should seriously think about another Boost phone.  I've had mine for about six months and I'm looking to get something different.

After owning this phone for 3 years, its age is really beginning to show. You could find much better options for just a few extra dollars. Aside from the technical upgrades, there are some fundamental issues:-very buggy: will restart without any reason, touchscreen sometimes not responsive, freezes a great deal-low memory: sure you can expand with a microSD, but the internal memory makes this phone extremely slow.-poor camera-difficult to play videos when using the Boost network. I can't use Netflix and nearly impossible to play anything from youtube.

QUIT WORKING AFTER ONLY 2 MONTHS I BROUGHT IT FOR MY B/F BROKE MY HEART HE HAD TO GET GET ANOTHER PHONE WAS NOT ABOUT TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE FROM HERE.

I actually prefer this phone over the i-phone.  IT was built very well! EMAIL, GPS, text messaging, phone calls, and camera/video is all i needed. Their is a lot of extra programs you can download through the market place though so i am really enjoying the extra programs you can download on this phone.Samsung always makes high quality products and have bought their products for many years. This is one of the best smartphones on the market right now so it is sold at a very good price compared to other phones.

I like my phone because it's very useful. You can download games. And the camera is great. you can download pics I have 143 of them. The bad thing is that some sites don't work it loads all day. I give this phone 4 stars. You should get it.

If you're a smartphone maven with a high budget, you might want to look elsewhere.  If you have a non-smartphone with another carrier and want to upgrade your phone and cut your monthly bill, this is a great option to look at.I'm really impressed with this Samsung Prevail and activation was a breeze.  Love using navigation, email and maps on this phone.  There are more expensive android phones but this works great for me - screen and speed are fine.  I used an iPhone 4 thru work for a year and I don't miss the screen and apps - the Android apps look great and run fast.Why did we switch our personal phones to Boost? AT&T; notified me and my wife that our plan was being retired last month and our phones would be deactivated if we didn't sign up for a new plan.  The new plan increased our monthly fees by 50%, so we've been looking for a good value to replace our AT&T; dumb phones.The AT&T; CEO is currently in the top 10 paid CEOs.  He also makes the list for top 10 overpaid CEOs if you read analyst reports.  For the stellar performance of flat stock price for five years, Randall took home $29 million in 2010.  My wife and I couldn't stand the thought of helping him to reach #1 and this Boost phone made it an easy choice to dump our AT&T; phones.

it is a great investment and works great for the price i payed for it in so over all great product

Don't ever buy it !! This phone is piece of sh...... my wife and I both two Galaxy Prevail Android, I started having problems with mine since the first week and after two months stopped work it, my wife's cellphone is having the same problem now, we are really mad, DON"T BUY THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY PREVAIL !!!

I have had this phone for a month now and I totally love it. Its an affordable phone and it does have great features for an entry android phone from Boost Mobile. It does tend to freeze from time to time. Has anyone else encounter this issue?

I bought this for my husband for Christmas. We have never had a smartphone before and I think it is great. The browser is fast, there are tons of free apps and games.

This was my first smartphone, and I think it would work great for begginers and moderate phone users alike. I like the features it comes with (not too many, but not barebones). For me, it is fast enough, though I have seen some with faster processors, but I don't do too much multitasking because it does not have the longest battery life. I need to charge it every day(or two)if I am using it regularly, or once every few days if I'm just sending texts or the occasional call. Overall, I am very happy with this phone. Also, the unlimited Boost service is great. No counting minutes, texts, or Mbs.

I love this phone but there isnt much internal memory for apps and stuff. Still a great phone. Fast 3G internet, amazing screen, fantastic audio and i mean that. This phones speakers are incredibly loud with unbelievable quality.

This is a nice little entry level android smart phone. I bought this for my mom as there are some good texting apps that let her text her relatives in other countries for free. The phone is pretty small and that makes the touchscreen keyboard small too, but the swype keyboard that comes with it helps out a lot in that aspect. After only using it a few weeks, she already wants the galaxy s now so she can install more games on the phone... Which comes to the bad parts of the entry level phone, there is very limited phone memory which means you can't install many apps before it runs out of space. Although apps2sd does help out with that a little bit and so does the 16 gb micro sdhc card I put in there. Too bad it can't completely move the entire app over to the external sd card and not all apps can be moved.All in all, if you need an entry level phone, this is a great phone. It'll also be good as a starter phone for teenagers or anyone else who is thinking of trying out android for the first time. Just be warned, it's a pretty small phone.Oh, btw, this phone is rootable too :) Athough boost doesn't like that very much...
