
PROS:1.3 MP CameraVideo RecorderMP3 playerFM Radio (although you need a headset with special connector to use it)InternetFLAWS:Not enough memory - constant errors about insufficient memory when browsing the internet even when I free up as much memory as possibleDust leaks in behind the main screen and dirties up the display (I have seen others complaint about this issue)Camera photos are not as sharp as other 1.3 MP phones and doesn't handle low light very wellBOTTOM LINE:I needed a cheap phone that could send and receive picture messages. This did the trick and had the added bonus of MP3 and FM radio, although I did have to special order the headset for this phone because it's not a standard phone jack. The most annoying this is the dust behind the screen, but it's still clear enough to call, text, and browse the internet. But I've had it for a year and plan to keep using it.

cheap phone!recording video and taking pictures has decent quality better than the 3ds.goes on the internet and could record!

I used Net10 during college and I loved it because I had to pay for my own cell phone usage and it only costs a measley 50 bucks a month.  It's not a high end plan but if you really need to grab an unlimited plan, it uses the verizon and att towers for signal so you know it's truly nationwide and it also provides internet. You could even get a smartphone for it now.

i would rate it a five but they claim its a radio but where is the radio headphone to listen to the radio

Would like to return it, its not what I expected, the screen is way too small, and its not what I wanted, But shipping would cost almost more than the phone. JG

this phone could use a better screen and more apps this could use a case  that came with it on

I haven't had any problems out of it and for what it is the phone is really good. Its not a smart phone so there is  nothing really wrong with it. The only thing I would want change is to delete more than one text at a time. The reception is great the the mic is great you can hear the other person well no real complaints here.

I know this style is three years old, but it's such a nicely-designed phone. LG won with this one.I've read a lot about Net10 Customer Service. I called twice on weeknights and was on hold for at least an hour. Then I called at 9 am on a Sunday morning (Eastern ST) and a nice woman picked up right away. :)My only warning is that if your old phone is broken or the screen is broken (like mine was), try to figure out how many minutes you have on it before transferring your number over. She asked me to estimate and I said 30. She gave me 40. Afterwards I found out that 900 had been added within the last month. :( My loss.Awesome phone, shipping was  nice and fast.

This phone is exactly what it appears to be it works great for my 10-year-old it does exactly needs to do I will buy from this buyer again

Another low cost smart phone on a pay as you go plan.  Phone works well and is of good quality.

Mainly, the phone will not hold a charge and will not turn on consistently!  Also, the select button requires very precise movements.  All in all....a waste of money.

This is a great little phone with all the features of the more expensive phones without the problems of a contract. The NET10 company will provide several different services without the contract, but with concurring billing. The added advantage provide for those paying online.

Bought this phone a month ago. I'm really impressed with the quality. It is very well made and extremely durable - I've dropped it several times on a hard tile floor and it still works perfectly. I especially like the slider design with locking keys - no more accidental dialing. I was thinking of getting a qwerty key pad, but the keys are just too tiny for me. I don't do a whole lot of texting, so this phone is a better choice for me. Everything works on this phone, as advertised. The camera feature is very easy to use and works great. I can't believe an item this good only cost me $15.99. If you need to access the web a lot from your phone, then you really need a smart phone. If, like me, you just need a phone for basic calling & texting, this phone is an excellent choice.

Finally activated this phone a month ago, but it is NOT what is advertised. This phone is GPS with internet, not a simple phone as I wanted. Apparently, Net10 is no longer activating the older, non-GPS phones. So I suppose I'm stuck with it, since I've already activated it. There's no way to tell until you activate the phone, what it's features are. I don't need internet on a cellphone, so I won't use that part of it. The phone part of it works just fine though, but trying to retrieve text messages still won't work right for me, perhaps it's because I haven't set up voicemail yet. It WILL deduct 2.5minutes whenever I try to retrieve any messages anyone tries to send.  Warning: this phone may have been repackaged-the box it came in shows it to be an LG800, and the manual with it is also for an LG800. There ARE differences in how features work between the two. I should've paid closer attention and not waited so long to activate it. But they're cheap and I can find another one when this one runs its time out.

I bought this as a second phone to use at work.  I typically use my normal phone at work, but there are some times when I would like to be able to get in contact with people without giving them my "real" number.I thought that this phone would work great because they advertised 10c/min and 5c/text which would have worked for me.  I don't plan on using this very often, and may actually go several weeks to a month without using it at all.When the phone showed up I was impressed with the quality of the overall phone for the relatively low price, but when I went to set up my account, I realized the problem.  The minutes you buy in advance are only good for 30 days.  So if I were to buy 100 minutes at 10c/minute, they would expire in 30 days.For most people this probably doesn't seem like a problem, but if you are going to be using this phone in a very limited fashion, this is not the best plan for you.I ended up returning the phone and went with one from "platinumtel"

I picked this phone because of the large numbers. I liked the features...but I can't get reception in my house. Nine times out of ten there are no bars. And all my family say have been trying to call me. I can't put my account numbers in on the phone to check at my bank. I can't pay my insurance by phone for the same reason. I tried to don't the seller to no.avail and had to contact amazon with my problem. There are three other wire less phones in my house..so it isn't my area reception, as net ten representatives claimed.  Amazon helped me and I am satisfied...but not with the phone.

Simple phone and a great price. Got this to replace a phone that I broke... Was simple to activate transferred my number from the other phone.

As I mentioned, FOR THE MONEY, this is a great phone and good company.  I like the $25 per month prepay over the $200 a month I was paying with the big big big guy.  My old phone weighed a lot more, cost a lot more, and rang a lot more - advertisers.  This phone you can activate and not even bother to put in a directory.  I guess the theory is that by the time you list your number, you will have another phone and another number.  I like this idea...Now, where are my reading glasses???  With this BIGGER display, and a longer arm, I don't need my reading glasses (unless I get a text message).

very good and nice i like that it came brand new in a box i will order again thank you

I was searching for cheap not contract phones when I came across this phone. I have no idea how the service is because I have yet to experience it. I thought that with my own sim card, I could use the phone as any other no contract phone, but turns out that it needs to be unlocked or something to be used the way I want to. Its attractive for such a low costing phone, but other than that, I cannot say. There was a sense of deception in the description. Not recommended because of my experience.

The price was awesome , I bought it for like 7 bucks if I could recall and in cvs and other stores like that this phone is about 60 bucks . I lost my phone,got an emergency phone  which is this one. It does burn through minutes fast but it's cool. I'm a big texter so if your not the phone should be good for you lol

IT WORKS GREAT, I BOUGHT ONE LAST MAY (SAME MODEL) AND HAS NOT SLOWED DOWN ONE BIT AND LOOKS JUST LIKE I BOUGHT IT IN MAY. IT'S BEEN DROPPED SEVERAL TIMES AND WORKS GREAT.  GOOD FOR A STARTER FOR UR TEENAGERS OR YOURSELF.

We replaced an existing NET10 cell phone with a new model. It arrived as ordered but couldn't get activated through their site - some problem with the sim card not registering.  They were able to transfer my 1200 minutes, but the phone wouldn't activate.  The telephone process with their tech's lasted 1.5 hours, then the decided to send me a new sim card.  Same problem with the 2nd sim card - another 1.5 hours telephone time with the tech and still no service.  Unfortunately, every time you call them, you wait for a tech and then start over from the beginning including spelling you name and address slowly and them repeating.  The sent me another sim card (3rd)- same problem again, and another 1 + hours on the phone  - this time they finally realized the phone itself was bad.  They did send me a new phone and it was successfully set up and my minutes transferred.  They did follow up with the stated action each time, it just took about a month and quite a few hours to get it done.  The techies were polite each time, but 1 month to register a phone is ridiculous.  If I didn't have 1200 minutes invested in them, I would have taken the loss on the phone purchase and went elsewhere.

Offers radio with no way to plug in head phones.  Recption of signal extremly poor for me my GF phone is on net 10 and works 3x better.  Have to drive 3 miles to get singal....

This phone was a good phone it's just thts the phone does not work wit other cellular net works so tht is not a good look because the phone seen to b a good phone just needed it for my 10 yr old since the phone was lost.

When I read the reviews about the Net10 customer service, I was a little apprehensive, but for all the features and price, I decided to take a gamble... and I am very glad that I did. From the time I opened the box, I was connected in 15 minutes. The on-line activation is simple and fast. There is also an excellent on-line interactive manual at  tracfone.deviceanywhere.com/straighttalk/home.seam?custId=STLG620GP&locale=en_US.  For the money, it's hard to beat this phone.

Ordered this for Christmas at a terrific price and the phone exceeded expectations.He can use his bluetooth, record music and videos and take photos with it.

I get calls in places where I wasn't get any &#34;bars&#34; with my old Motorola, so I'm pleased.Switching to &#34;T9&#34; and back  while texting shouldn't require going to another menu or screen...too cumbersome. Basically, I use it for incoming phone calls.

First night I got this phone I spent 15 minutes trying to register it only to find out their "system was down" after entering all my information. Next day, same thing, except I got to an operator I could barely understand who informed me they would have to send me a new SIM card to make this operational (after another 15 minutes wasted). Of course once I gave him my name he managed to repeat every letter incorrectly, I just gave up and am sending this back.

We ordered this phone for my Dad to use. I was the one who set the phone up and got my Dad going on it. I was really surprised how good a phone this really is. It feels really sturdy and it slides open and close very good, and has a nice big, very clear screen. The menu navigation is really smooth and easy to get all his contacts in. Battery life has been good on it too. My Dad is 76 years old and not very tech savy but he figured things out pretty quickly with this phone. It's really a good phone for anyone, and as far as Net10's customer service, they were very, very nice to me and got this phone going in no time. So if you're looking for a great prepaid phone, this would be the one to get.

Great little phone. Customer service sucks but when you get it going it does what its supposed to do. Service is good. I recommend it.

THE PHONE IS GOOD, I LIKE IT SATISFY ME, I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH IT, IT WORKING AS REQUIRED PRICE IS OKAY

I purchased this phone for my mother who had the LG300G. This is a BIG IMPROVEMENT over that telephone. The screen size is larger and she can see what she's doing. No more complaints regarding call quality. She can HEAR clearly on this telephone. NO MORE STATIC OR FADING volume. I liked this phone so much, I purchased another one. The second telephone is for myself. I own a LG Optimus Net but liked this little phone so much, that I wanted one for myself.I haven't used the internet because I have the larger touch screen and my laptop for internet use. However, the camera I have used and have discovered it to be as good as the one on the Moto W376 (much better) and LG800G both of which I used to use. The video recorder on the LG620G also works great.All in all, this phone has all the features of other more expensive telephones. unit converter, date finder, calendar, alarm clock, secret notes(password required), business card, data counter, voice recorder, fm radio, music player, ring tone creator, BLUE-TOOTH, MicroSD card(separate purchase), emoticons(for text messages), etc. The menu can be locked or unlocked with the slider down, it just depends on your settings.As the title states, this would be a great back-up telephone or a primary telephone - depending on what you want to do with it.The look and feel of the telephone is NICE! It doesn't look cheap. The buttons look and feel nice. I mean for 12.99 + 4.99 tax, you won't find a better telephone for just under 18.00. And, if you're looking to update your parents telephone, this will do. To be honest, the phone has to many features for senoirs - in my opinion. Even though I feel it has to many features for seniors, the phone is not so complicated that they cannot figure it out. Regardless, they can see with the larger size screen AND hear..As for Net10, the service is fine as long as you don't have to call them. I called the other night to have my mom's telephone number and minutes moved from the lg300 over to the lg620 and they answered right away. The process didn't take long. Usually it takes a while to get through, and even longer to get proper assistance. So call/wait time and quality of assistance can vary. In the event you discover that you need to call them, just be patient and think of the savings. Good luck everyone.

I purchased this phone because my job is located in the woods! The only service that works out there is AT&T and I wasn't about to switch to a contract phone with them. Net10 service works great all over the building. Even better than the AT&T phone my job provided.

my review is not a 5 partially due to my own faulti had searched for 'tracfone' phones and didnt pay attention to the entire description of the product and it was a net 10 phone which i cannot use being thati am already on a tracfone plan and just wanted to replace the phonewhen searching 'specifically' for a brand - other brands SHOULD NOT COME UPbut to be fair to amazon the entire internet does this as well as othersellers - now it cost me return shipping but again partially my fault

I received my (2) LG620G phones and 30$/month prepaid cards(one for my spouse and one for myself) yesterday and spent an hour trying to activate the phones both online and with tech support.  I then spoke with 5 different technicians, none of which spoke English as a primary language, and proceeded to take batteries/sim cards in and out repeatedly, entered hundreds of lines of code, went outside and held phone to the sky, and was repeatedly assured that the phone would be operational "in just 3 more minutes, thank you sir".  I jokingly told one technician I was thinking of throwing the phone out the window, and she said "that response is not recognized, sir...but if you hold for 1 minute I will try to get you the technical support you need sir".  I finally told them that I wanted my money back, and they led me through a painful 30 minute journey to hell and back that likely would deter many people from even trying--I personally thought of just hanging up and cutting my losses....Hopefully, after "1 or 2 billing cycles" I should get my money back--though the pre-paid card may be "non-refundable"!!!!Since the phone was "free", it will be interesting to see what I get back, if anything.  The language barrier was so bad that my wife couldn't understand anything the technicians were saying, and I'm not entirely sure what happened myself!!!  All I can say is BEWARE!!!!!  Learn from the mistakes of others, and stay away from Straighttalk!!!!!!!!!!!!!

As long as you have reasonable expectations for a phone under $10, the LG 620G is a nice handset.  I buy them without service, to use as backup phones in my client's cars.  Without service, they'll still dial 9-1-1.  It doesn't have GPS, but routes call based on tower geography.  The 3 times a client has had to use it (minor car crashes where they couldn't find or operate their regular phones), dispatch was able to pinpoint their location within 1/16th of a mile along the highway.If you need to start using it, in the event you break your regular phone, it's easy to activate right from the phone with a credit card or pre-paid Net10 card from the store.  I probably wouldn't want this as my primary handset.  Even for kids or seniors, just as an occasional-use phone, the keys are a little small and sound is kind of tinny.  But, its' the best handset I've used for under $10.  When closed, it fits perfectly in a small zip bag.  When powered off, the battery retains a good charge for about 3 months, before it needs to be topped off.The still camera is surprisingly good.  It's not a true 1.3MP sensor, as it uses interpolation, but the results are still very good for the price.  The camera is adequate enough to take photos in case of an auto accident.  The video camera is very low resolution, with high compression.  It's not very good, but better than nothing.  The audio recorder is only decent with the phone open.  It accepts 8GB MicroSD cards.  It might support larger, but I've never tested it.  The handset is more rugged than I expected for under $10, but I usually keep it in a sealed bag in a glovebox.If you need a backup or disposable phone, this is more than adequate.  For the price, you can get one for every car, first aid kit, or keep them around the house for 9-1-1 service.  It's also easy to activate right from the handset, in case you need backup service, 30 days at a time.

The charger is bad, the min when I call it takes one min when I call for 30 sec put 50 bucks in the trashLG 620G Prepaid Phone (Net10)

The phone is pretty decent as a basic phone. However, for someone who isn't a real smart phone savy user, the ability to surf is a little clumsy. Also, there appears to be no easy way to use the data cable to directly download photos from the phone to a computer without emailing it to yourself or someone else.

Very good cells phone, It is very cheap and has good quality, I like it very much. my friends also like it, some one even want to buy a identical watch from your store.

I find that the Net10 card I've always used--$20 for 200(?) minutes that can be carried over if not used--is hard if not impossible to find now.  So I have to buy a $25 card, and get no carryover...

So I got this phone to replace my 7 year old Net 10 Nokia, a phone that I was very satisfied with until its death...R.I.P. Anyway, I thought I was receiving an upgrade in options with this phone, camera, internet, larger screen....What I ended up getting was a phone that would not stop calling people or going on the internet without any key guard activated, so I activated it. This is when the problem started. This phone called emergency (911) an average of 10 times a day, all by itself, unprovoked by willing hands, just being pressed against my leg in my pocket. How does a slider....that covers almost all buttons, defiantly all of numbered ones anyways, plus the phone lock was on...call 911 continuously one may ask? No clue! So after it becoming a problem with the 911 operators, and my pocket book(wasted minutes galore), I retired the phone. Shooting for one without the all new automatic 911 service that is evidently built into this phone, also one without internet browser, as they love to put that button in the most convenient location for one to press accidentally. Luckily Amazon helped me out, and I have a new and lowest technology phone available on Amazon. So unless you want to become a 911 operators "Dream", do not purchase.

I'M VERY HAPPY WITH MY FIRST CELL PHONE.  I'VE TAKEN PICTURES, MADE VIDEOS, AND PLAYED GAMES WITH IT.  IT MET MY EXPECTATIONS AND MORE!

Basic phone but works as described.  Not sure why people rate it poorly.  If they want more functions get a  phone with more functions.

Warning! Avoid NET10. Seems like a good deal, 10 cents a minute, but customer service is abysmal. Expect to waste an hour on the phone each month, first trying to add minutes online, and later when you have to call them because the online system can not handle the phone they sold you. Then when you upgrade to a new NET10 phone, expect to have no phone for 8 days because they will transfer service to your new phone, then tell you the new phone will be ready for use in 5 minutes. When it's not, they will tell you they need to re-register the SIM card, which will take 24 to 48 hours. When you call to check on things 24 hours into the process, they will tell you to wait another 24 hours. After 48 hours, you will be told that you need a new SIM card, which will take three to five days. OK. 24 hours later, you check, and the order for the SIM card has been canceled. Restart the process, then wait 5 more days to have a working phone. Meanwhile, they hold your phone number and minutes hostage, because there is no way to re-activate your old phone!

Absolutely a fantastic deal: great graphics, excellent signal, well made, large screen size but compact overall size. I'm going to buy another as a back just in case I break this(but lg are pretty tough). Can't beat this phone for the cost. Although not a smart phone or a touch screen it's still a cool little phone!

When your phone is lost, this is a way to communicate with those whom you must! Very Good sound quality!

Hi this phone i bought is great and i love it too even though it took a while for it to come in the mail but my postmaster said she didn't see it so she said it was here fault that i did get on the day it came in .

After hours on the phone with Net 10, it was finally discovered it was a defective phone.  This started a chain of events that eventually led to to me getting a replacement that also didn't work and finally giving up on Net 10 for cell service for my mom

The phone is a little smaller than I like, but it will work anyway. I plan on given it to my G-son

I would pull it out of my pocket and find it had been on the internet using up my minutes.  Not cool.

picture is deceiving. I thought it was going to be like an i-phone. The phone came days before the phone card. They both came from the same company but I had to pay shipping twice. Not to happy about that. I haven't tried the card yet because it came in receipt form.

Sad product, you might as well save your few dollars, the service sucks, the phone quality is horrible (made in china, which is obvious) and just sad in itself

I've read many reviews of this phone, and I used to sell cell phones for a couple of years...so this may (or may not be) considered a well-informed review:Good:Clean and stylish lookingAutomatic key lock when you close the sliderLargish displayDecent cameraHas a video recorderSlider is strong, not cheap feelingLarge keypadThe Not-So-Good:Navigation isn't the bestChanging ringstyles sort of awkwardCall volume control isn't on the side of the phone (can be adjusted using "joy stick" while on a call, however)Caller groups automatically added to your contact list (not a big deal, I just deleted them...I see little value to caller group id's)I don't use my cell phone for web services or games, so I don't have an opinion regarding this phone. If you are nit-picky about being able to change features on your phone and customize them, you may not want this phone...the fact I gave it four stars only means it's four stars as far as it meets my expectations.As noted on other reviews: if you want to use the fm radio and mp3 capabilities of the phone...you should find a different phone...you will be disappointed as you'll need to purchase a special headphone to use the radio, and you can't store much music-wise.I consider my tech abilities above average, but my cell usage is generally pretty basic.What I really like about it:Great looking phone...no one sees it and thinks "hey, he's using a prepaid phone"! Not too small, not too big, and light. I really enjoy the slider feature and that it automatically locks the external buttons once the slider closes. I like the display size, camera, and video recorder. Call quality is good, too.I'm not basing this review on Net10, however, I've found it to be good service...same as Tracfone's service (obviously, owned by Tracfone), which is what I switched from. Activating and porting your number is simple. Everything is self-service, and intuitive, so I'm glad I have little need for talking to customer service.

This phone is similar to the LG500G, and now goes for about the same price. The interfaces are uncannily similar, with the 620G's being a bit more polished. I use pre-paid phones as a programmer who uses the Java ME platform for writing educational programs, games, and other applications. There are almost 3 billion Java ME enabled phones on Earth, but a lot of them are restricted by manufacturers to only run SOME Java ME programs. Samsung is particularly bad about this, sadly. LG is one of the better companies when it comes to feature phones, but there is one necessary thing you will have to do to install your own Java ME MIDlets on the 620G. You will have to obtain the .jar file of your choice, open it with the archive manager of your choice ( I use File Roller), enter the META-INF folder, edit the MANIFEST.MF file with a text editor and add the following two lines separately at the bottom. Make sure you spell it exactly as typed, the 'F' in TracFone must be capitalized.Add:Author: TracFoneTracFone-price: 0.0let the archive manager update the file, put it onto a microSD card (you can also push it via Bluetooth), load it into the 620G and it will install. If you do not do the above, you will get an error. The process described also works for the LG 420G and perhaps other LG models.Using this method, you will never have to activate the phone if you just plan to use it as a mini-computer for programming with Java ME.Some other peculiar aspects of the phone are that it has no special volume controls, the microSD card slot is a bit awkward to load, and the back cover is difficult to remove as well. Compared to the LG500G, it supports the MIDI pitch-bend feature far better, but needs a special adapter for earbuds (microUSB to 3.5mm). The battery life the way I use it is about 10 days, which is impressive.The phone supports MIDlets of a very decent size. The largest one I have loaded is 494KB, which may not sound big, but is above the limit of some of my other phones.Overall a very appealing, affordable and thankfully relatively unrestricted phone that lets hackers be hackers (more or less). As a feature phone, it packs more value than some other phones thrice its asking price. A very solid platform and a good decision you will not likely regret.

I have been with Net10 for one year and using the LG620G for the last five months.  Overall, Net10's service is very good when it comes to connections (no drop calls!), affordability, freedom (no contracts; no hidden fees) and a good variety of calling plans, from the standard 300 Minutes/60 Service Days plan at $30.00 to the Unlimited Monthly Plan at $50.00 (seven different interchangeable plans altogether - and they can be purchased online, by phone or at tens of thousands of retailers like Walmart, Target, KMart, RadioShack, Walgreens, Dollar General, and many more).The customer service is extremely poor, but one has the option of contacting them through their Facebook page (see net10.com) or direct to their corporate office (CorporateOffice@net10.com).  My research reveals that those are bettet options to deal with any issues that may arise, although I have not had a need to contact them at all.  Just once did I have to contact customer service by phone and the issue was resolved to my satisfaction although after long waiting periods.  Another tip: If one speak Spanish it is better to use their Spanish line since it is easier to communicate with them in their native language, usually in Colombia).  If not, one will be contacting a rep in India, Pakistan or the Phillipines with very limited knowledge of the English language, although not less polite.  By the way, I have experience dealing with them calling for other relatives that use TracFone and SafeLink.  TracFone, SafeLink, StraightTalk and Net10 are all operated by TracFone Wireless, Inc., and they all use the same customer service infrastructure.The LG620G cell phone itself is very good, especially considering the price.  It has a nice, sleek look; it is pretty much sturdy, a compact size for easy carrying, but still great size of keyboard and screen.  While I don't use the FM radio feature much, I do use the MP3 player alot and am very happy with it.  The web is slow, could be expensive if one is using any of the pay as you go plans, as opposed to the unlimited monthly plan, and uses a WAP browser.  Personally I stay away from it since I use my laptop anyway, and only use it ocassionally like to check the local weather, if needed, or to check sports scores if away from my laptop.  I don't do texting all that much, but when I do it is easy and comfortable to do so.I certainly would recommend this phone to anyone, especially if in a budget, and I would also recommend the Net10 service.  I must confess: Net10 has made me a fan!

you get what ya pay for, dont waste your money!!!!!! the alarm doesnt work, it freezes up all the time also.

This has been my favorite phone. It has many features for the price.; including an fm radio. I wish LG would start making it again as an android phone.

I bought this phone for my husband as a replacement for his phone because they no longer made the old model and I really like theLG 620G.  I thought he could adapt to it.  Well he is 82 yrs. old and can't get on to it.  So now I have 2 phones and there nothing wrong with the phone and I still really like it. When I use up my old phone the LG 620G will be the phone I keep for myself.

I have used Net10 for several years, as a "back up" phone to compliment my regular service, with a smartphone from Verizon.The service (leased from AT&T;, I think) is fine in my area, and I have had no problems with dropped calls- a plus!  The phone is very basic, and great as a back-up/emergency phone, or primarly phone for people who do not desire/need all the smartphone features.To me, the best part of Net10 is the price - I do not know of a cheaper way to have a cell phone, particularly if it is not used much. At the moment, I have a rollover minute plan( on their site) that renews for only 15.00 a month- quite a bargain!I could easily see this as a primary phone for kids, and perhaps for senior parents, who "just want a phone, THAT WORKS!". The camera is nice too!Nice phone and a VERY affordable range of plans to select from!

it has less to it actually, than a phone I had bought for m,y 12 year old daughter.Thank you

It doesnt cost much but works as well as some of the more costly ones. I have 2 of them.

Didn't get to use it yet tho but I will it's a very neat little phone can fit in a pocket or anywhere :)

Cheap and have all the capabilities. It was some type of thing going on with my sim card called net10 cleared it up quickly it was nothing negative on the sellers behalf.

I very much love this phone, more for the fact that it is on NEt10 rather than the phone itself.  The phone works great, got a camera and a multimedia player and all that, very sturdy and reliable.  The service is outstanding however.  I did a little research and learned that it's because Net10 uses the Verizon and ATT towers to broadcast its service, which means it is truly nationwide.  Also, it's darn cheap at 50 a month for unlimtied and 25 a month for 1000 minutes. Woo!

We bought this so I could keep my 4300+ minutes from my old Net 10 phone that died. The phone may be fine, but because of some glitch we can't get it to activate. We have spent time online, on the phone, and because of said glitch, had to be mailed a new SIM card. With the new SIM card, it still won't activate, and we can't get a human online to help us get it to work. When we finally do get a voice, it says, &#34;That number is being worked on.&#34; So I've had a nonactivated phone for over a week.

I just love the features! For example you click up for an instant text mssg.Click right for instant music. Click down for your contact list.Then click left to take an instant picture! I learned all these by accident just playing. The booklet provided fails to mention these. Order this from Amazon right away!

I love this phone!!!!such a nice little cell for the price!it is definitely one of the best cells I have ever had!

This phone is good if it is your first.The bad part is that it has a 1.3 mega pixel camera. Another thing is the calls. The calls aren't very clear.Don't get it if you want a high-tech phone.

You never trust the ads. And make sure it is what you need before you buy. You can't stop the alarm unless you take off the battery!!

Love this phone got it connected and it works good would rcommend to others, this phone does alot don't know why some said it didn't just play around on it and you can find alot of things I copied everything I could find on the phone on how it works and have got a book of over 100 pages on what this phone does. Thank you so much for having it so I could buy it I'm in my 60's and this phone does lots people said they could find things and it didn't do things other phones do BUT oh yes it does look for LG620 Tutorials and they also have a guide for it and this isn't with the phone have to go on line to fine but it's there.LOVE IT

If you order this case expecting it to be soft will will be disappointed.  I ordered the soft case.  received the hard case.  contacted the seller.  There excuse was that the product description was wrong.  didn't get the soft case but did get my money back.

This was purchased by someone else through my Amazon; I have no idea how well it works. The person seems satisfied with it.

I've had this phone for almost two years.  Then, it was about forty dollars and change. It has been working very well and the sound quality is decent.  Cross-country sounds the same as local. Camera is surprisingly good.  There's not a great deal of memory, but I just had to dump some pix and it's fine.  Only reason I'm shopping is to upgrade to something a bit more stylish, but really, this isn't too shabby.  One thing that drives me crazy:  it's easy to accidently open up the browser.

Just needed something basic for a friend. This phone provided everything it said it would and then some. Very cute phone.

I purchased this phone because I let my 12 year old have his pick for his first phone & I found this both full of perks as well affordable.

I've been using this phone for over a year now (bought it in store). It's a turtle fell a lot and i mean A LOT of times without breaking. Except recently I droped it and the only thing broke was the screen. I can still make calls just no texting so decided to buy this phone again because I loved it so much. I've used smart phones touch screen before hella expensive but just time waster with all the apps and stuff not worth spending 200-600. This phone is awesome fun to open close when bored does its job. and overall great.

I wanted an inexpensive phone and thought I found just what I was looking for wiht the LG620G. NOT!!!! I bought two of them and they would not activate. From the ad the phones looked like touch screen phones; it never mentioned anything about being a slider phone. I wsa under the impression that I would be recieving two touch screen phones for this great price. I should have known better!!!

i only had this phone for one month and I didn't get to use all my minutes . the phone got me locked out from using it listen to the radio station and alarm

WELL I FINALLY FOUND THE PERFECT CELL PHONE THAT DOES WHAT I WANT IT TO.SIGNAL,BATTERY,FEATURES YOU CAN NOT ASK FOR ANYTHING ELSE.I AM ONE NOT FOR A BUNCH OF FANCY STUFF ON A PHONE SINCE MY FIRST WAS 2 CANS AND A STRING YOU CAN'T GET ANY SIMPLER THAN THAT.THEN WAS THE ORGINAL BELL PHONE MOUTH PIECE IN THE WALL AND THE EAR PIECE ON A BLACK CORD WITH THE EAR PIECE AT THE OTHER END.SO AS YOU CAN SEE I HAVE COME ALONG WAY TO THIS NEW AGE TYPE OF COMMUNICATION DEVICE THAT YOU CAN ACTUALLY WALK AROUND ANYWHERE INSIDE OR OUT AS FAR AS YOU WANT NOT BEING TIED DOWN TO THE PHONE ON THE WALL.WE HAVE ADVANCED IN COMMUNICATION SO FAST IT'S HARD TO CATCH UP IF YOU DON'T KEEP IN TOUCH WITH WHAT IS GOING ON AROUND US.ONE DAY YOU WILL WAKE UP AND WILL NO LONGER NEED CARS FOR TRANSPORTATION.SO STAY INTOUCH WITH YOUR WORLD KNOW WHATS GOING ON AROUND YOU .WE ARE THE VEHICLES OF OUR FUTURE AND OUR KIDS ESPECIALLY THE KIDS.THEY ARE OUR #1 PRIORITY IN OUR LIVES.LETS GIVE THEM SO HELP TO A CHANGING FUTURE.

Nice phone and excellent price.  Activation is a pain but if you keep your cool and play along you can save money.  I paid less than 80.00 and I wont have a bill for a year.  I recommend this phone for  everyday users.  You can check email as well as text and make phone calls.

The product very well, enjoyed, also liked the price.met my expectationsthanks the products I have purchased here are many good, delivery time very good

After an atrocious experience with T-mobile I moved my family onto several pre-paid phones from different providers so that we would have time to decide exactly what we wanted before signing another contract.  I have to say that after 3 months on pre-paid service, we are unlikely to go back to a contract.I picked up the LG620G after reading several good reviews.  It does have some nice features: compatible with  micro SD cards (only 2g), an mp3 player and radio (the radio requires external antenna), a decent size screen and a few aps installed, also usable as a data phone.  It's a clam shell design, so it is small and easy to carry and the screen is protected.Net10's plans are pretty reasonable: 10 cents/ minute or Net10 has a $25/ month plan which includes data and text.The bad:It is a somewhat cheesy looking plastic phone; not the worst, but not the best either.Many of the features are clunkly to use.  The first time I tried browsing with it I was told I had to log into my phone.  I still have not figured out how to read email on an external website with it.  The data usability was so bad that I stopped using it after and hour or so of playing around to see what it could do).It has a usb connection but does not come with a cable (or car charger).  The cable can be purchased separately, but I have not yet found a car charger for it.To use the mp3 player you need to move the music onto your micro sd card using an adapter (also not supplied).  Using the card is also awkward, as it sits under the battery inside the phone, not in an external slot.Regards the service: I read a review of net10 which said that service is great, unless you put "customer" inf front of it.  The folks I have spoken with at customer service are nice, but not very capable.  Some have good command of English and some, not so.  Their customer service is in the Dominican Republic).  I have not been able to buy minutes online, over the phone (either cell or land).  There's a problem with whoever processes their credit cards, such that I was told it was denied, when the card companies said it was not.  I now have hundred of $ "pending" hanging in suspension, and ultimately had to go out and buy a physical card to use the phone.  My reception, clarity... is better than T-mobile, but not as good as either what my son gets on his At & TLG Prime Prepaid GoPhone (AT&T;) with $50 Airtime Creditor what my daughter gets with Virgin Mobile.Ultimately I wish I had gotten myself an LG prime.  The screen is larger, and it is a touchscreen.  it has an external memory card slot and takes up to 16g cards. It has better reception, getting signals where I can't.  At&T; customer service is much easier to deal with.  Most significantly, it cost half as much (or less on one I bought black Friday week).  At& T has a plan which is *identical* to net 10s, a straight 10 cents/ minute.  Their flat rate is now $2/ day unlimited (which is on the high end).I would recommend this phone only if you are already on net10, have credit you do not want to lose, and are otherwise happy with their service.  The 10 cent /minute plan is great for those of us who do not use a cell much (for others I would recommend Virgin mobile).I am staying with net10 for the time being because I paid $40 for this phone (which is too much for 2 months worth of use.  However, I wish I had bought the LG prime instead and if we stay with pre-paid, I likely will ultimately pick one of those up.******************************************************************************I am revisiting my review having purchased yet another cell phone :p (gee I have a lot of phones; one could even say *too many*).  While the LG 620g performed OK, the service at net10 was pretty awful.  I could seldom actually use the phone. sometimes having to stand in the middle of the street to get a signal... and sometimes not being able to get one no matter what I did!Beyond that, the price of the LG touch has increased so much I would no longer recommend it (i paid $10-20 for it taking into account the credit AT&T; provided.  They have since raised the price and reduced the credit to where it has become a pretty expensive phone, and... there are better choices for the money).  I recently got a palm pixi plusPalm Pixi Plus Verizon Cell Phone ~ No Contracta pretty basic smart phone (i.e. it is not an android, BUT has *a lot* of features for this price range.  It actually cost less than the LG620g (I paid $36 from a marketplace seller), activated on pageplus cellular on advice from several reviewers. and oh my what a change!  I can get a good signal anywhere!  and, unbelievable, it costs 1/3 as much!  In fact, I am so happy with it I have bought 3, replacing all of our phones (but my husband's... who is happy with his LG touch... and has lots of minutes remaining on at&t;)... but is still considering a palm pixi.I still think that if you get a good signal from net 10 wherever you are and are otherwise happy with them, this is an OK phone... but just OK, and with all the new offerings in prepaid phones, is probably not so competitive any more; no way as good as the pixi at the same price.

I have had this phone for a couple of years and is not let me down yet.Its been dropped, several times, kicked ,gotten a little wet but it keeps on working.My early teen daughter has used it several times for texting on church and school trips.She has texted thousands of minutes off of it and its still works great.I have never used most of the other functions, my daughter has and she had no complaints.Its not the best to use for texting she says but it does the job.The pics are not the greatest but I have many cameras for that.Its been durable and has oustanding battery life. My daughter has texted for hours and still had over half the battery left. When she's not using it it has standby time that is unbelievable.6 days and still a full charge. And for the price you can't go wrong for a basic cell phone.  I hope this helps some one..
