
I thought this would be a nice alternative since the iPhone I wanted was not available at the time of order.  Long story short, I was fed up with this phone soon after activating it.Dissapointing aspects of this phone:1)  Never ending promises of software upgrades that never come.2)  Can't upload video straight to Facebook.3)  Can't personalize ringtones.4)  No multimedia messaging capabilities.  (Even with data plan and tech looking things over, they could not figure out why it would not work.)5)  Battery life is pretty poor.6)  Can't download video and edit even with video conversion software.Good points:1)  Large screen.2)  Pictures are good.So, I would not recommend this phone to anyone who expects some of the basic features of a "smart" phone.  But for making calls and texts, it works just fine, but that's about it.  I don't know how the HTC and other lines compare, but this windows 7 phone is pretty much useless as a smartphone.

The Samsung Focus is a great phone.The Windows Phone 7 OS provides a very responsive, straightforward, and easy to use phone.It has all the basic featurs expected from a phone these days.  Bluetooth headsets, voice search, a great web browser, access to multiple e-mail accounts, apps, Zune marketplace integration, and more!This phone has a beautiful screen and is nice and fast!

As expected, the new Windows Phone 7 takes smart phones to a whole new level. The interface and interactivity is impressive, and quality is high.The Samsung focus is fast, responsive, and feels smooth. Performance on wi-fi is very fast, and decent over AT&T.; Voice quality is high, the screen and camera are beautiful, and abilities are awsome. Even with everything turned on, the battery is decent, but I'll keep my USB, AC, and car chargers handy during heavy use. Music is impressive through the built-in speaker, and better through headphones.Apps - The initial App store has a fair selection, and is growing rapidly. No flash app yet, but things like the YouTube and Netflix build in streaming work well. The Zune software is great on the PC and on the Phone.Pros: Display, touch screen, camera, video and music streaming, speaker, phone sound quality, ease of use, wi-fi performance, apps so far.Cons: Battery life (OK, but...), App availability (Growing quickly), memory expandability

I've upgraded from iPhone 3G (which Apple ruined with iOS 4) and so far, I'm loving it. The Focus looks much better than the pictures suggest. It's very light, has a nice feel to it (not like metallic, but rather fiberglass), the screen is large and bright, and the provided earphones are fantastic. The OS is missing some features that I need, like international input support (there are 5 or 6 languages supported now) but I can wait for that a couple months, till the next OS update. Overall, I'm very pleased, the experience is modern, and fresh.

Bought this 3 days after it's release. I couldn't be happier. It's hard to explain, but something about the OS/interface/transition animations gives this phone a "zippy" feeling. The live tiles are great, as well as the 2nd list view page. Having a hub for games and one for music+video makes sense and reduce clutter (without resorting to the ugly grouping that my iPad uses.)Xbox integration is great. And so far one game can be played online PC to Phone. Facebook is so well integrated to phone that I have yet to download the facebook App as I find the core features more than ample for what I would be doing on  a phone.MS office with OneNote, crucial. Voice recognition is some of the best I have used, (includes OSX desktop voice and the Evo.)I will stop gushing now and get to what (little) I don't like: Needs a Faster portrait/landscape animation, Copy/Paste, custom ringtone, HTML5 silverlight or flash. Also needs a task manager to quit stubborn apps. And a minor gripe would be the wishful thinking that the pictures tile would self animate through a play list or through  random photos.

This phone is incredibly user friendly.  After having my old Motorola for at least 2 years, I was virtually using archaic technology, and was a bit nervous about how long it would take to learn the ins and outs of this phone.  My husband is a researcher, and we researched extensively before purchasing the Focus.  Despite hearing all the iphone buzz, I am so pleased with our choice.  The operating system is great, and super easy and practical.  My 60+ year old parents can work this phone far easier than their current cell phones, which are not smart phones.  My 6 year old son even has it all figured out (and loves to play games on it!).  If you want a smart phone that does it all....and does it so easily - this is a phone for you!

I have owned for the Samsung Focus for 1 week, and below are my comments.PROS:- Superb user experience, great screen control.- Integration created by WP7 Boxes is the best I have encountered to pull all applications together.- Bright, clear, and eye-catching screen- Large font and icons were very easy to see- Integration to Outlook, Google and Yahoo were seamless and reliable- Best phone calendar I have used- Internet Explorer mobile is very nice (less the lack of Flash)- Ready to go right out of the box and requires very minimal setup.CONS:- When receiving a call, you have to swipe the screen to get the option to accept call and call options button is too small. While on a call more than your set screen time, you have to wake the phone to swipe the screen to end the call. This made call handling inefficient.- Can not control the alarm times/profiles. You will get waken up all night with message alarms if you want the phone in the same room.- No message indicator light (yes I am a BB convert). You have to wake the phone continuously to know if you have any calls, message or emails which drains on the battery.- Battery time is poor, 5-6 hours maximum while not using (GPS off, Bluetooth off, WiFi on) much less if actually using the unit.- Shuts down for no reason. I have received "Goodbye" message at least once daily with full battery while sitting on home screen- Once connected to bluetooth or speaker, you can not send the call back to handset (only options: speaker, mute, hold, add call)- Landscape view is only available in some applications (ex. AP, Facebook are portrait)- Very limited applications. I knew this when purchasing a WP7 phone, but the applications that are available are not well integrated and must be started to use (for example GoVoice for Google Voice only provides messages if you open the app and wait to load).- Not for medium to large hands, the keyboard is extremely small- Must use sidebar button to take pictures, which is nearly unusable with a thin phone skin- The "Windows Certified" microSD card expansion is still a known problem. I have not upgraded space due to the known issues and lack of support with upgrading memory.- Bluetooth will not discover my Jawbone ICON but work's fine with my Kenwood car stereo.I really want to love this phone but my experiences have me looking for an alternative. I originally wanted an Android phone and will likely find a new carrier as AT&T;'s lineup is poor compared to their competitors.

This phone is great. Xbox, Windows Live ID, Office Docs. Last update was great. Another update coming (can't wait)! Only con is the number of apps. There are a lot more now....if the number of apps keep growing, this Windows Phone will keep selling!

I purchased the Samsung Focus on the first day the phone was available. Unlike certain other phones I did not have to wait for hours in lines of iZombies to get my hands on it. The whole process of upgrading took less than 10 minutes.The phone was well packaged and included the phone, battery, data cable, charger (which uses the data cable), headset (with multiple gummy buds for various ear sizes), and a rather large instruction book. Initial set up took about 10 minutes. You can import your contacts using exchange, a Live/Hotmail account or from Outlook. It took me a few minutes to figure out how to transfer my Yahoo contact list to a file, and then use that to download the phone.The phone itself is thin, and very light. The size is comparable with my wife's iPhone 4, but weighs only about 2/3ds as much. The front is dominated by the large 4" Super AMOLED screen and the three windows buttons. I love the screen for its crisp colors and visibility in direct sunlight. The rest of the phone is a bit "eh" to be honest. I do not like glossy plastic and this thing is slathered in it. The peel off rear cover is especially flimsy feeling. The phones side buttons are chrome colored but also plastic.I didn't purchase the phone for its looks, but rather its performance. There were several choices for smart phones, but I didn't like the pretentiousness that go along with Apple products and Android is a complete aesthetic disaster, so I chose Windows Phone. The Focus was the best of the new Windows phones in terms of screen, battery size and memory expansion.Let me tell you, I have not regretted purchasing the phone for a second. The operating system is lightning fast; music and movies play silky smooth. The system is smooth, animations, transitions, games etc. I love the live tiles which allow me to see the weather, my calendar, messages and missed calls without ever entering an app. There are a few things that could be improved: Bing Maps is not very good GPS software. I wish the memory expansion was a bit less restrictive (there are only a few MicroSDHC cards compatible with Windows Phone). I would love to see more quality materials in use (metals, nicer plastics, leather). All in all though, it's a great phone.

*****UPDATE*****After the mango update, I could just have one icon for all the linked inboxes. The Facebook app is pretty good now, I am using the app instead of people because Facebook has added lists and People app does not automatically get you those lists. The Maps work even though you are on airplane mode. Everything is zippier after the mango update. The Live Tiles work awesome, now you do not need to go into a app to check the weather. The music icon actually displays the album artist picture on the live tiles, I like it this way. The power off button interface has improved and so did the control of the play and pause (the volume up and volume down button are shortcuts now). I still keep pressing the capacitive buttons accidentally all the time, if you think you could have a problem like me, you should try Nokia 710 that has push buttons.*****End of UPDATE*****I just had this phone for a day and I really do like it. At first, I wanted to buy a music/video player that has a good support to play all kinds of media files and at the same time has a large screen with high resolution support, so I was about to buy the Zune HD player but at the end decided to get this phone since the Windows phone and the Zune HD would provide me almost the same options. Most importantly, I can get an unlocked phone for just $80 more than the Zune HD price (I bought this device on eBay)I choose the Samsung Focus over the rest of the Windows 7 phones checking out the glowing reviews here, YouTube and after a personal visit to the AT&T; store.I do not need to say much about tech specs of the phone, there are already too many reviews out there. The most important aspect of this phone is its OS interface, it takes some time to get used to this interface but you will like it eventually. The interface is pretty simple and sleek, you can see all the apps in one vertical scroll (need not search every where) and pin whatever you want to the home screen just like shortcuts on your desktop. I liked the concept of the back button, I did not understand how to search for apps in the beginning, but then realized that the physical search button below the screen of the device is specific to where we are in the navigation.Some have complained about the inability to import contacts from Outlook, so to keeps things pretty simple I first exported my contacts from my other phone to the SIM and then imported the contacts into the Focus (By the way, we need to change the settings so that all your Facebook friends do not land up in your contact list)The voice dial option and the voice search options are pretty good, the OS experience makes you feel as though you are 10 years ahead in the future.I am still wondering whether I should get a gel case, the back panel plastic feels scratch resistant. I downloaded a bunch of apps and games just to check the installation progress and the best part is the installation in the background mode, we need not wait for the downloads/installation to complete to check out the other apps.My only complaint is with the placement of the buttons.1. The power button and the camera button are too close to each other and I accidentally press the camera button with my palm when I trying to lock the screen using the power button. Also, the camera button and the power button are a hindrance when you are browsing in the landscape mode. I wish there is an optional setting to disable the camera button as a shortcut permanently.2. Also, I keep hitting the volume button (which is placed on the left side) when I am trying to press the power button(placed on the right side), may be this is just specific to me and it will take some more time for me to get used to this interface.I will update the review if I notice anything ground breaking.P.S. People's obsession with the OS of the phone reminds me of the South park Facebook episode, I hope I do not get obsessed with this OS stuff. I really do not care much about the apps and games, seriously a phone or a netbook can never substitute the comfort of a laptop/GPS.

I purchase this phone new from AT&T.  I have had problems with it ever since.  Originally the main problem was when trying to answer a call.  When I touch the answer button nothing happens.  It does not accept the call and will end up disconnecting the caller.  Then I must recall them.  This does not happen all the time.  When I took the phone back to AT&T they claimed that I was not receiving a strong enough signal in my home.  AT&T then gave me a "free" 3G MicroCell by Cisco.  I connected this and am now getting 5 bars in signal strength. However this did not stop the problem.  My 30 days expired and AT&T would not take this phone back but did say I could contact their service department and possibly get a new phone.  I did this and they walked me through various tests and agreed to send me a new phone.  I received the new phone and it seemed to have some improvement in answering but not on every call coming in.  Now another problem has appeared:  I awoke this morning to find the battery dead.  I put the phone on the charger and it showed the battery was almost dead.  However after charging for about 2 hours nothing had happened.  No charge had been done and I still got the same warning.  I removed the battery and carefully rubbed the contact points in the cell phone and on the battery.  When I reinstalled the battery it showed fully charged.  This has happened twice now.  To me this phone "stinks".  It is a junk phone that is not reliable.  Here I am stuck now with a contract and cannot get rid of this phone.  Buyer beware!!

The "Key Specifications" section of the product description for this phone reads: "Memory expansion via microSD card slot with support for optional cards up to 32 GB." The manual reports "Warning!: You should only use a microSD card that is a 'Certified for Windows Phone 7' card." There are no existing microSD cards which have been certified. Further, reports by users indicate that using various microSD cards currently on the market produces inconsistent results ranging from full functionality to complete loss of data after a soft reset.

I'm a mac guy so it pains me to say this... I love my Windows Phone! After Apple released iOS 4.0 my 3G was unbearably slow and flaky. After several months and continually hoping for a software update that might actually fix the problem I gave up. I researched and played with all sorts of phones, such as the iPhone 4, Samsung Captivate, even the Palm Pre Plus. I ended up trying out the Samsung Focus at the AT&T; store. I absolutely loved it. The elegance of the interface really popped on the beautiful screen. The 4" screen put my old screen to shame, I even thought it looked better than the Retina display. Well I have had my phone for about a week now and still love it. My wife still has an iPhone 3GS, when I look at it it honestly looks dated. There are of course some things I miss from my iPhone such as being able to walk into practically any store and buy a case or other accessory. Software wise the phone is missing a few simple things such as the much hyped cut and paste, unified in box etc. But this thing screams. It still blows me away how snappy it is. I am sure missing features will be added later with an update. But even now in version 1 this thing blows away the 4th generation iPhone.Good-Beautiful ScreenSpeedMetro UIBad-Battery actually a little worse than my iPhoneMissing featuresOverall-Best cell phone I have ever owned. Pictures and reviews truly cannot do it justice, go to store and play with it, you will be amazed.

There are many reasons why I believe the Samsung Focus is a great phone overall and they are:1) The phone itself is lightweight and simple with curves on the back that help with gripping. One subtle thing about the phone that I love is that the power button is on the side instead of on top (this is common with most smartphones). This is convenient because your fingers are always on both sides of the phone when holding it so it makes it easier to turn it on/off without having to adjust unlike what you have to do with other smartphones. The Super AMOLED display is one of the best you'll ever see on a phone and was one of the selling points for me. The micro USB port on top has a door so you can open it when you're plugging the phone into a computer or charger or close it when it's not in use to keep dirt, lint, dust and everything else out; this is very convenient.2) Windows Phone is a breath of fresh air. It looks nothing like it's competitors thus creating it's own niche in the competitive smartphone market. It's simple, clean, smooth and intuitive. Combine all of this with Xbox Live and Office and you have a powerful device before you even start customizing it and downloading apps. Speaking of apps, as of today, the Marketplace has over 10,000 apps in 5 months. This is the fastest any mobile OS (Operating System) has reached 10,000 apps and that's including the App Store and the Android Market.3) AT&T;'s service in New York has been great for me so far. No dropped calls, high call quality and I've had 3G everywhere I've gone. This phone is also capable of 4G but does so differently compared to devices that have 4G in its name. The way those phones work (at least on AT&T;) is that they use LTE for the most part, then HSPA+ when they're out of LTE's reach and then 3G for everywhere in between. The way this phone works is the same way but replace the 3G with Edge. This means that this phone is future-proof so signing a 2-year contract doesn't seem as bad as it normally would to some.All in all, the combination of a great phone and great OS that are future-proof and great service from AT&T; makes this a great purchase. I recommend it.

I have had other  versions of phone previously. At this just before switching to Samsung focus, i have had iphone 3gs for about 11 months. Iphone is good toy to play around for my kids. NOt kidding been using iphone only as toy for my kids to play. I have been longing for past months for windows phone to arrive.User interface is fantastic and nothing in the market can be compared to this one.  Hubs shows my facebook,emails etc just on the home screen. FM radio is big plus but the head phone must be plugged in becoz headset serves as FM antenna too.Office suite is the very best. MS has never business customers, emailing , attachments , editing documents is smooth and definetly a big plus for users like me.Believe it or not , windows phone is nice verses iphone4 sucks , cant save attachments. For that I cant even attach files other than pics.XBox live is okay, but i am not big fan of games. Camera is awesome, pics are sharp and neat.  I would recommend this phone.

Having owned an iPhone in the past, I was concerned about how fast and responsive the UI of the Windows Phone 7 would be. Also, having only seen pictures of the tiles, I was a little apprehensive it being a little ugly to my eyes. Now that I've had the phone for over 2 months, all those fears have gone away. The first thing that struck me about the phone when I got it was how beautiful the screen is. The super amoled screen really brightens the tiles and colors on the home screen while showing the darkest black I've seen. The UI is fluid and the live tiles present useful information with a single glance. The phone is responsive and it has never crashed. I just got back from a vacation and a feature I used a lot was the 1-click camera functionality (hold the camera button even when the phone is locked to start the camera). The pictures are high quality and clear. Recently, I downloaded the Fruit Ninja game and the phone screen is very responsive to my gestures while playing.A few things I'd like to see improve:- There isn't a dedicated maps app. The only way to navigate is to search in bing and navigate within the browser. The was problematic when I wanted to check my history or recalculate routes.- Although I didn't think I'd need cut-and-paste, I found myself wanting it a couple of times. This is coming in the next update though- When playing games, the dedicated hardware buttons on the phone seemed to come in the way a couple of times. I'm not sure if there's an easy way to fix this- I've not needed 3rd party multi-tasking yet but once Pandora is available, I think it would be nice to listen to music while doing other stuff on the phone

It's hard to seperate out a review of Windows Phone 7 from this phone in particular.  Overall, though, the combination of hardware/software makes this a fantastic phone.The phone itself feels very nice in the hand.  Some people have complained about the phone feeling "cheap", but I don't feel that at all.  The battery cover does feel a bit flimsy, but the phone itself feels very solid.  I did install a 16 GB MicroSD card to expand storage up to 24GB, and ended up having issues, see below.  Battery life has been good, but I did notice that heavy game usage does use a lot of battery life.  My normal daily email/music usage doesn't seem to hit the battery very hard at all, I think I could easily get a couple days out of a single charge.  The microusb port is on the top of the phone, which means that we won't be seeing any docks, etc in the future.  I really do wish Microsoft would've forced a standard connector format on Windows Phone 7 devices like the Apple dock connector.The screen is gorgeous.  Side by side with my wife's iPhone 4, I think I like the AMOLED screen in the Focus better, even with the iPhone 4's higher resolution.  Colors look great, blacks are deep and rich.  The touchscreen is very responsive.  I'm a little concerned about how resistant to scratches it is, as I'm not sure what material covers the scren, but so far so good.The Xbox Live, Facebook and Zune integration all work very very well.  In a few minutes I was connected to my Windows Live, Xbox, Zune, Facebook and gmail accounts, with all my contacts/calendar/emails/etc syncing down to the phone.  There are limitations around calendar syncing (primary calendars are the only ones that sync), but that should be fixed in the future.Camera quality seems good, the LED flash helps out quite a bit in low light conditions.  The dedicated camera button is very nice to have to try and snap quick pictures on the go.My current issues with the phone are:1. Can't connect to a wireless network that doesn't broadcast it's SSID.2. Can't sync up additional calendars per account3. No "smart dj" feature in the Zune software on the deviceNone of these are deal breakers though, and they could easily be fixed in a future software update.  For as much as people whine about copy/paste, it really hasn't been an issue for me.Overall, I think this is a great debut for Windows Phone 7, I'm really excited about this platform and can't wait to see what the future will bring!EDIT:Well, I got bit by the MicroSD issues, even using a high quality Sandisk card and had to hard reset, losing all my data.  Being limited to 8 gigs makes this phone a LOT less useful as I still have to carry my ZuneHD around.This is somewhat of a deal breaker for me, so I'm knocking this down to 3 stars.  If and when an official supported microsd card line becomes availalbe, I'm fairly sure I'll be bumping this back up.

the overall atmosphere of the phone is excellent - cool colors, white on black text is innovative and sexy, lowercase letters is a unique take on visual styles, AMOLED is beautiful also.  the size and weight of the phone is great, the screen huge.  i like the microsoft office feature more than i did on the iphone.  the programs generally run smoothly and quickly and the zune player is just as good as itunes.  wireless sync to zunes is phenomenally better than any other syncing methodology on other current smart phones.  battery life is excellent if you ask me, and coverage is also way better than any iphone i owned before.overall the samsung focus wins in comparison to the iphone as a phone and unit itself.  i had an iphone 4 for 1 week until i returned it due to nonstop dropped calls.  i also owned the 3g and the 3gs and the 3gs is far superior than other models, although the screen resolution is lacking in comparison to most of the popular smart phones these days.i really want to like this focus for so many reasons, and i do for those reasons, but there are some major setbacks that i just cannot get over:1. cases/screen protectors that are worthwhile are obsolete.  i've spent $60 on cases/screen protectors, thrown away the screen protectors, and the (incipio) case has already cracked without ever having been dropped.  pitiful.  someone should get on this.2. apps aren't as robust as apple or android, which i really don't think is a huge deal since you can usually find what you need.  the searching process for apps is terrible and basically nonexistent by accessing the marketplace via the phone itself.3. not enough FREE apps.  wp7 marketplace consists of probably 75% buy-apps only, even really stupid ones (which you don't learn until after you buy)4. someone created an itunes remote functionality app for the wp7 (meaning you can control itunes on your desktop from your phone) before microsoft created a similar remote function for zune (they still haven't created such an app for zune).  THAT is pitiful.5. the "windows update" everyone keeps talking about seems to be getting less and less impressive and still hasn't come out6. there is no bluetooth-to-pc compatibility yet...you can connect your phone to your pc, but you can't use software to control text messaging/dialing yet7. micro-sd compatibility is unbelievably hit or miss.  i have a card that works but many have experienced multiple problems with installing micro-sd cards8. IE truly is awful to the point where i avoid browsing the internet on my phone if i can; there is no horizontal address bar, so if you want to go to a new website, you have to flip vertically to type it in, then back horizontal for that view.  also the phone doesn't seem to fully understand the difference between clicking on a link, and double clicking off of a link that zooms in...i swear i try to click on a link and it takes 3-4 or sometimes more zooms in/out until the link is actually activated.  this is pretty frustrating to me.  additionally there are several alternatives to IE, though again, you have to pay for them until you find out if you like them or not.in truth, i think my girlfriend was right although i won't admit it to her:  i think i may have jumped the gun on purchasing this phone.  i wanted to like it and i like windows/microsoft, but this phone seemed to have jumped out of the gate with a lot of really great ideas and a very promising future, and even though it's only been about 6 months, microsoft's attitude towards the phone has really been pretty unenthusiastic.i don't have high hopes for this phone in the future, and as soon as i find a cheap way to move on, i will.  in the meantime, i'm really pulling for microsoft to make some major tweaks, and very soon.  i can't really say everyone should pass on the phone, because the future is still uncertain and this could be a winner in a year.  right now, i think you're best bet is to continue to wait it out though.

Love this phone.  Took a few weeks to get used to it (switched from iphone), but found it was a much better phone for me.

I Had the phone for a week now and im still trying to get used to it. Its very fast and doesn't require much dedicated time to check an email or text. So far I love it, great change from an iphone 3g. The only problems i have with the phone so far is that i cant update it. The nodo update doesn't even pop up for my phone. I been trying to find ways to get it to update but so far no luck.

Hardware ReviewThe phone feels very light and slips into the pocket really easy.The screen being amoled is pretty bright but drains the battery quickly. It is better to adjust the screen brightness settings to save on battery.Call quality and speaker phone are pretty good.The camera quality is what you expect from a phone. Out door pictures are good but indoor and in low light the pictures are pretty crappy.Battery life passable barely getting through the day but once I turned off the features that are not required for me like Blue tooth, XBox Live, Zune Pass, Wifi, the battery life has improved tremendously.One small annoyance that I have with this phone from time to time are that the three mandatory buttons (back, start and search) are too touch sensitive and have a tendency to interrupt our work.Software ReviewI really like the slick and smooth functioning of the software. The animations are pretty fast and the overall software is pretty zappy.Synching my phone with different email accounts and calendar has been pretty easy.  Looking up contacts is pretty novel with the grid approach. The phone shows the next calendar item on the home screen which is pretty handy.Messaging experience is very good. I was surprised how I was able to click on an address that my friend messaged and be able open in Bing maps.Facebook integration is out of the box eventhough I dont use it much. Initially I was overwhelmed as my contact list was filled up with my facebook contacts but fortunately there is a setting to pull fewer contacts.The office integration is pretty neat and also I like how my contacts are automatically save to Live.com and the fact that I can upload my docs and photos automatically too.The market place is pretty decent and there are over 11000 apps at this writing. It is very easy to install and unistall apps from the phone or via the Zune software.Browsing experience is decent as well. Zooming in and zomming out is pretty slick and very responsive. But browsing in landscape mode has limitations.I'm not sure if i really liked the tiles interface. I love the idea of pinning the applications to the start but the tiles take too much real estate and scrolling up and down loses the novelty pretty quickly. I would like to see something similar to iOS where I can group related apps.I dont miss copy and paste but I do really miss multi tasking. This should have been added from the beginning. One task at a time is very limiting and it severely affects the user experience in a negative way.Overall, I am extremely satisfied with Windows Phone 7. I hope it can live on and be a good alternative to iOS and Android.

Great device, had it for over a year now. Be sure to install any updates when you first plug it into your computer!

I had an iPhone 3G for two years and it was a decent phone for awhile. I was never happy with the way it handled calls. It had a weak speaker, dropped calls, and was very flaky. Some of the apps were good, but as a phone, I never thought it was very good.I've since upgraded to the new Samsung Focus Windows Phone 7 and I love it. Just as a phone, it's significantly better than any cellphone I've ever had. Calls come through clearly and I've never lost a call in the middle. Granted it's only been a month so I haven't tested this with AT&T;'s suspect service in many places, but so far, the phone is great at phone calls.The operating system is drop dead simple to use...in fact, it's so simple, people might get confused. They'll be done so quickly with checking things, they won't realize they can put the phone away within seconds. I have 4 e-mail account tiles and I see updates on the wallpaper instantly. I can click the power button and see if I have any e-mail or messages without even unlocking or digging into any apps.The integrated People hub is awesome. I can check Facebook in a second and comment or Like posts instantly.The one major complaint I have is the lack of syncing local Outlook contacts with the phone like I could do with the iPhone, but I just migrated my contacts to Live.Com (Hotmail) and now they're in my phone.Overall, I love the phone and the new operating system.

Its lighter than iphone (some might argue its cheap quality plastic). it looks very nice (iphone is still the best). WP7 runs great on this (smooth, fast, no-lag), watching movies on this is amazing. for 1 cent, this is an awesome device. even for 100$, its completely worth it.P.S. - you might need some patience for MS to bring is some cool features like multicasting.

I primarily bought this phone based on Amazon reviews. The second reason I bought it was that I could return it if I did not like it. During the first few hours of using the device I had kind of mixed feelings. It was because the number of apps are really limited and the interface is different from what I am used to. Also I did not like the people hub which I had heard great things about. I kind of found it bit unorganized after linking my facebook account. Thus I unlinked facebook from people hub.However, After spending a few days with this device I have started to love it and I don't feel this is any less than my wife's iphone 4. My wife agrees with me that it is difficult to say which one is better because both phones have their strength's and weaknesses. Both of us use our phones for basic things such as browsing, emails, facebook, games and making calls. This is a big surprise to me since I had expected this to be a 1st gen phone with few big issues. Some of the qualities that made me stick with this phone are:It is super snappy.The screen is really good.Though it took some time getting used to it, I personally prefer the windows interface over iphone.I was apprehensive before I bought this phone but I do not miss features such as multitasking and copy/paste. I agree with most positive and few of the negative reviews that are there for this phone on Amazon. However, I dont depend on negative aspects that much.At my home, I find signal strength and phone quality better than the other phone we have.I guess it's still early days and there are possible some features such as maps that I have not tried but thus far I am pleasantly surprised :)

Can't add much more than the others. As stated if you own Microsoft stock like I do and have no other choice, than this is it. The user experience isn't perfect but it is highly functional. This is a big step from the past. Some of the apps are quirky but overall. I rate this the best phone from Microsoft yet. They are finally listening to the users.

You use "Zune" to load music, pictures, and video files, but not word, excel, notepad...  For these you got to email the attachment to the phone.  You store the file in this "Office Hub" area of the phone.  No USB file structure as I expected so the only way to get a word doc out of the phone is to email it.  Don't try password encrypted or read only with password type files, they bomb out.  Office 97 Word, excel, powerpoint work great.  Save em, edit them... PDF, not so great, can't seem to save them on the phone.  The OneNote files are super, make a new one, record a voice file into it, save it, email it, nice... But when I emailed a OneNote file to the phone it wouldn't read it???  Video play, don't try AVI or mpg files.  Only my H.264 MP4 files seem to work beautifully.  Sent some 720p and 1080p videos to the phone and worked great.  Didn't try any wmv files as I hate that type.  Zune stinks, would rather have the USB file structure type thing than the morron Zune.  Zune lets you move a file to the phone but not take it off the phone.  Seems to sit there a long time and you have no idea what it's doing... You can use the phone to delete the un-needed files.  Phone does great with JPG files.  MP3's... I haven't gotten used to the player, might be ok.  Music lacks in Bass and there is no control for that.  Seems to play MP3's for about 8 hous on a charge + using the phone.  And I'm pissed about the micro SD being so touchy.  I'll wait until there is 32G available that we know works.  I filled my 8G up in about a day...

Pros:*Super-Amoled display is stunning*Very light compared to your average smartphone (For some this may be a negative).*Simple to use*Excellent battery life (will last a few days without needing a substantial recharge after everyday use.)*WP 7 OS is great - simple, aesthetically appealing, intuitive UI, and convenient.*Fast phone. You will move from one task to another in quick succession with minimal slowdowns.*Although only 5mp, the camera is pretty good.***Screen made out of "Gorilla Glass." In other words, the screen is nearly scratch-proof (among sporting other resistances)Cons:*Good battery life but slowly recharges.*Will at times randomly get stuck in landscape mode (you need to awkwardly tilt it back into portrait mode).*Increasing internal memory is, at this point, risky. Need to buy Microsoft assured micro-SDs.*If you are looking for a trove of apps, look elsewhere. The phone has been on the market for less than three weeks so do not expect an iPhone-level selection of apps.Overall, the Samsung Focus + the WP 7 OS is a breath of fresh air in the rather suffocating smartphone atmosphere. The major plus of the WP7 OS is the UI, especially the "People" tile. I also love having Office on a mobile --- I use it to edit papers and brainstorm ideas when on a long bus ride or when my computer is unavailable. At any rate, it's just wonderful to be able to sit outside with only your phone and write.WP7 definitely has potential and if given proper nurturing from Microsoft, it will become a real contender in the smartphone market.If you are under AT&T; and waffling between the iPhone, Android, or WP7 OS I'd advise giving WP7 a try. Things can only (hopefully) improve!***Those curious about the Focus' scratch-resistant claims can take a gander at this video from Korea and decide for yourself (it's on the Galaxy but Focus uses same material): [...]

Had the phone for a month.  This thing is awesome.  I am very happy in my switch from an iPhone 3GS.  The screen is 1000x nicer and the performance is noticeably faster than the 3GS running 4.x.  All the apps I used on iOS are here.  Each of the apps have the same quality as the iPhone version, and in some cases, the app is nicer than the iPhone version.  I broke my contract early to get this phone (earning a nasty fee from AT&T) and I don't regret doing so in the slightest.  I highly recommend this phone to everyone looking for a new device.

I have owned the Samsung Focus now for about 2 weeks and have found it to be all that I expected. I was a ZuneHD owner and had greatly enjoyed using that up until the point it was stolen. This was the perfect replacement allowing me to only carry one device instead of two and giving me the best of both worlds along with solid but not spectacular camera.Note to people complaining about apps: if you are going to write a review based on 3 week old (to market) technology and complain that it doesn't have as good or as many apps as the iphone I suggest you think about what your writing before you write it because you are comparing apples to oranges and really are just hating with no valid information to backup what you are saying. The apps available for this phone so far are good and are not as expensive as some people seem to be suggesting, a lot of things you would use on a daily basis are free or only cost $0.99The OS itself is so sleek and smooth, very easy to navigate compared to any other phone I have owned which includes bberry, nokia and windows mobile 6. You cannot beat the looks on this phone and from all I have learned it seems Microsoft is going to be providing a good level of support for it as well as maintaining control over the quality of the experience using the phone (which apps you can install and how they affect usage) which in my opinion is a good thing all be it perhaps a little heavy handed to begin with.Battery life is better than I thought (I am not a heavy email/corporate user) mainly calls, texting, surfing over wifi and the big one mp3 playback via zune. The phone has lasted me 3-4 days without a charge with no problems.All in all I am extremely impressed with the new win phone 7 experience and would highly recommend this to anyone in the market for a new phone above anything else that is out there right now (just got the wife a new blackberry torch and I wish I had gotten her a win 7 phone as well as I think she is going to struggle to use the torch)If people would give this technology a chance and not play the well apple and android are better because they have more apps card I think this might be one of the best new tech tools of 2010.FYI people, more apps does not necessarily mean a better experience. Give this a chance and the right marketing and I think MS has a clear winner here.

There are many great things about the Samsung Focus, and also some not so great things.I love the phone, though, for the simple reason that it integrates my Zune Pass subscription. So, I can download download music onto the phone using the subscription. For those of you who don't know, you can subscribe to Zune Pass and get unlimited downloads of apparently millions of songs (according to the Zune website) for $15 a month. Plus you get to keep 10 songs for free each month. So It is really great that I can use my subscription with my phone.I also like the phone because it is really easy to use. Once you have the Zune software installed, you just plug the phone in and pictures are downloaded to your computer, music, podcasts and videos are automatically synced (the ones you want of course). Super simple.I think the design of the tiles and hubs is really great. For instance, I click on games, and I can see all of the games I have downloaded in one place. This is nice because it cuts down on the amount of applications I have to search through in the app list. Another great feature that goes along with this is being able to pin the things you use most to the start screen. That means applications, games and people.Now for some not so great things:There is no way to separate the phone volume from the alarm volume. It is nice that the alarm gets louder as it continues to play, but sometimes you want to have a lower alarm than your phone volume (like ringtone and music) or the other way around.The phone does not allow custom ring tones, so what you have in the phone is what you get.I have had some bugs with mine that made it necessary to replace the phone twice. But that's what happens sometimes.If you do get this phone, make sure you install the ever important copy and paste update if it hasn't already been installed.

This is a quick review because most of the details for this phone are already covered in other reviews.I just want to emphasize that everything you do with this phone is fast! Really fast! I came from an iPhone 3G and it never came near the experience I have with this phone.Second to that, the screen is amazing.  It's hard to tell the edge of the screen to the black border around the screen.  You have to see it for yourself to really understand.Finally, I love the home screen to give you quick updates and can't wait for a couple updates so it keeps getting better.One downside, I am not a fan of the capacitive buttons at the bottom of the device.  This is a personal preference but I bump them and every time I hand the device to someone they bump them.  It makes it tough to show off pictures. I would much rather have real buttons.Overall great phone...

I bought focus two weeks ago. It is amazing to have this phone.Pros:1. Screen is so responsive and so smooth. I owned Andriod before, compared to this phone, andriod is an antique.2. Screen is so colorful, I visited ATT local store, and put both iphone4 with this phone side by side, samsung AMOLD screen looks super!3. I am a causual game player. xbox game on this phone is so beautiful, it's like a PSP!!!4. Internet explore is good.5. Netflix stream is so smooth, watching movie on this phone is very cool....So far, I love this phone a lot. Every morning, I wake up and go to bathroom with this phone to check stock and news etc.... every night I watch movie in the bed using netflix. It is part of my life now!

I love this phone!  I was using an Iphone4 and was getting fed up with dropped calls and proximity sensor issues that caused me to put calls on mute.  The iphone apps are great but WP7 already has most of the ones that I used the most.  This phone is so easy to use yet satisfies all the needs for a techie like me.  The screen is amazing with vibrant colors popping off the screen.  The darks are dark and the whites are the brightest I've ever seen on any screen.  Battery life is above average.  No problems with my wifi network or bluetooth setup.  I added a 16gb Kingston Class 4 micro sd card and did the hard reset of the phone and have a little less than 24GB storage on my phone with no problems.  This phone will only get better as the updates start coming through with added functionality.

I wish Microsoft released this solid of an OS earlier.  It's conformity and tight integration across is an extremely nice feature that I find somewhat lacking in iOS and Android.Pros:- Screen- Weight & style of device.  It's a bit "plastic" but not in a bad way, very solid feeling.  In fact I prefer this over the gorilla glass feel of iPhone 4- Window 7 phone OS- Tight integration with enterprise Exchange- out of box integration with Facebook in all contacts, etc (the additional FB app is optional)Cons:- I wish the touch sensitive buttons were a little less sensitive - or at the minimum Search & Back could be disabled during games so that I would accidentally hit them and exit during intense swiping (e.g. Fruit Ninja) LOL- Battery life is good but I hoped for similar performance to BlackBerry 3G...which it's not.  But I still get 1 day out of it with good use (about 30-1hr call, 2 hrs browsing, 1 hr gaming)- Clarity around microSD expansion... (still waiting)- An device memory usage, statistics, and/or file browser- More reasonable application prices, so far $4.99+ seems unreasonable.  Let's bring this down to iPhone app prices shall we?Thanks MS for building a nice OS for a change.  Let's keep the updates coming and hope more people will adopt soon!

I bought this phone for an upgrade from Windows 6.1.  You would think a Microsoft Windows phone would sync with Microsoft Office on your computer, but it doesn't -- except through Windows Live.  Yep, all your contacts, memos, calendar items up there in the cloud for all to hack and see.  It takes several taps to do the simplest of tasks, like made a phone call.  Windows 7 is a giant step backwards from Windows 6.1 for anyone who wants to simply make calls, store contacts, and take a picture now and then.  I am sending it back.  Lovely phone to look at, but it needs a different operating system.

I can't say enough good things about this phone.  It's so easy to check email, surf the internet, update apps...whatever you want to do with it.  Checking data usage is as easy as a toll-free phone call, which results in a free message.  The buttons are large enough so they're easy to access.  It's easy to add people to the phone book.  I LOVE THIS PHONE !!

For those of you who are considering buying a microsd card for this phone, you should first carefully read this article:[..]Then you should strongly consider waiting for "Windows Phone 7 Compatible" microsd cards prior to buying a new one.You've been warned.

The Good:Bright large screen. easy to navigate with touch. Some apps allow keyboard to use in wider landscape mode. Easy email setup.Free Samsung MAP app works as good as the subscriber app AT&T; Navigator. It also does not use much data allotment.The BAD:touch keyboard is too responsive, difficult to get exact key to enter.Sending emails requires manual settings for some accounts.The really embarrassing BAD:CALENDAR CHANGES APPOINTMENT TIMES.This is another extremely annoying feature of WP7 on my Samsung Focus. The Calendar does NOT keep appointments in the  original time. If I set an appointment for next month at 9am then that appointment will always be at 9am. However this  phone will NOT allow you to have automatic time zone change, for those of us using our phone as a watch and alarm  clock, and keep the calendar appointments on the original time. Let's say I am in a different time zone (ex: 2 hours  earlier than home) and want to check next month's morning meeting. The calendar will say the appointment is 2 hours  earlier than I set it. STUPID! The reason I have a phone calendar is so I don't have to remember these appointments in my  head or have to remember to add/subtract hours depending on which time zone I am presently inhabiting. There should be a  setting that allows the user to have the phone adjust to the current location time zone, without screwing up the time on  the calendar for future appointments. Another option is to allow users to set appointments in the time zone of their  choice so when they travel the appointment will always state the time and sync alerts appropriately.Micro SD cannot be removed and replaced to transfer info to a PC or other other device. Even more annoying are rumors  that once the card is installed it is formatted so it cannot be read by PC's or other devices. It also becomes an  extension of the phones total memory. If you insert a card in your phone. The phone does a factory reset and you lose all  info , apps and documents. Same thing happens if you remove the card and restart your phone. I really liked the feature  in my old phone where I could easily remove and replace micro sd cards at will with no interruption of other phone data.Phone book sync with email accounts. MS gives little warning that you must have a microsoft live id or hotmail account to  access marketplace app, even free apps. They do not tell you that when selecting a microsoft email that your phone will  automatically sync all your phone contacts to the email account and all the email contacts to your phone. You have no  choice in the matter. You cannot remove tyour phone contacts from the live ID email or they will disappear from your  phone the next time you sync. I do not want my personal phone contacts uploaded, backed up or stored in the microsoft  live/hotmail system in the so called 'cloud. I do not trust microsoft or the cloud will keep my contacts safe, secure or  private. I accidentally set up a hotmail account with the phone before knowing that this would be a permanent, primary  'live ID." the only way to unlink this know is to do a hard reset, wiping out all phone contacts, docs, settings, apps  etc. ad start over. I do not want my contacts up in 'the cloud'. I have a hotmail account I use it for sales emails and  product info emails and use for companies that I think will share it with spammers. Now it is my phone's primary live ID.  Crap! It was easy to delete the crap mail contacts from my phone but if I delete my 'phone only' contacts from the hotmail  account then they will disappear the next time I sync to the phone. THEY WILL DISAPPEAR FROM THE PHONE AND THE EMAIL  ACCOUNT. MICROSOFT DOES NOT GIVE YOU AN OPTION TO OPT OUT OF THIS SYNC.Another annoyance with the address book aka People hub is that all your contacts that you add for phone use, or sync from  other email addresses get lumped into one large people hub. STUPID! I have email addresses for separate purposes and  many of those contacts I will NEVER want to contact from my phone. I would the option to have contact folders, accessible  by tabs, similar to other apps (email has tabs for All, unread, urgent) it would be SO logical to have tabs in the people  hub labeled phone, email1, email2, facebook, etc. so I do not have to scroll through tons of useless contacts that I only  keep for specific email access.Useless apps.The "Now" app starts with a weather update and always plays a cutesy chime when it starts and logs in to the current  weather. You cannot turn the sound off, even if you have set the phone to vibrate, you have to open the volume control  and crank it down to zero. The weather is pretty lame, (Weather channel app is superior) and the news links are also  boring.The bar code reader is totally useless and annoying. The camera does not focus at a close enough distance and does not  have a fast enough shutter speed to wok in retail light to get a clear image to find a scan. The app also makes an  annoying start up sound. I finally got it to work by pushing the settings button in the app. This is truly annoying  because you must reset these 'camera setting every time you scan. You must first set the focus to macro, then turn the  flash off. once you scan a bar code it may work, once it finds a match a web page opens and you can select store or web  matches, which are all inclusive of where this product may be sold. It is useless to save a history because you cannot  distinguish between scans because they are labeled by 'store' or 'web' only not by name of product. And if you want to scan  another product you are back to square one having to reset the camera settings. It would be so logical for this app to  save the macro and no flash settings, since it will not work in any other mode. It would be nice if the app actually  showed all the sources that sold the product instead of a suspiciously limited list. There are no instructions telling  you the app does not work unless you reset it EVERY TIME YOU SCAN to the macro setting. DUMB!Mobile Office sounds like a good idea but, as I have read, you cannot link to Outlook, so what's the point. I also am avoiding any attempt to sync to Outlook anyway until the 'cloud' storage issues are resolved.You cannot create mobile  office docs, but you can view docs created on your pc. I want to backup my phone contacts to my PC or a removable SD  card, not to the Cumulonimbus. I would like the opportunity to create apps in the phone, but no such luck. Oh yes, and  we have all read this in a bazillion reviews 'copy and paste' is needed. No-brainer, why isn't it there?Web browsingBING is lame. I want to choose my default search engine.  The search button should be customizable for those of us that would like to open another default app or say use it to go forward through apps or webpages. It is impossible to browse  forward and backward with this phone, tabbed browsing would be nice!This one is a real LOL. If you open the 'My AT&T; wireless APP' and link to device tutorials, the app opens an AT&T;  webpage where the phone tutorials are only on flash format. THIS PHONE DOES NOT SUPPORT FLASH! Isn't that incompetent of  AT&T;, Samsung and Microsoft??? In fact there is so little documentation about how to use this phone, I felt like I am  playing a video game where I cannot get past level 2. Why?... because there are no clues how to use the controls!Which brings me to the incredibly lame Zune software. Microsoft assumes that the only data you will ever want to sync ofr  transfer between your phone and PC is music, video, podcast and pictures - all in limited formats. SO forget even having  any ability to sync Word, excel, PowerPoint, pdf's or other useful documents with your phone. You can't do it in Zune.  You also can't browse in zune by location. Beware the zune sync. Another piece of dimwittedness is the default setting  for zune to sync these files with your phone and PC, and just like with your live ID sync, if you decide to remove tunes  from your phone, zune will kindly delete them from your PC the next time you sync. So all your purchased music from zune  or anywhere else will simply disappear from your PC. Why did microsoft think this was a good idea? Did they ever think  that maybe if someone purchased an MP3 album that they might want to PERMANENTLY store it on their hard drive and if they  got tired  of listening to it on their phone they might just want to DELETE it from their phone and ONLY DELETE IT from  their phone???? This is another annoyance that requires one to understand the vagaries of sync settings before zune  permanently deletes your hard purchased music!I enjoyed creating my own mp3 ringtones on my old samsung phone. Microsoft again thinks it is better to only THEIR wma  ringtones or the ones you purchase from your provider of course. Heaven forbid you should want to use your own custom  ringtones (like your baby's adorable giggle or Aunt Helen's wild cackle). Luckily there is an app hack for this that  works, but it would have been nice to let folks use currently available technology to create their own ringtones. Stop  going backwards Microsoft!!!WIFI connections are good, but you cannot sync to your computer via wifi or bluetooth to browse or share files.Well, it's April 2011, and so far Microsoft has not made any updates available to fix the most basic issues, problems and  annoyances. Meanwhile other manufacturers have moved on to greater things and this phone remains a limited use piece of garbage.April 19th, 2011: Updates from February and March are finally available. Copy and paste...that's it...Six months after phone is released... and that's all they can manage??? Microsoft claims there are other uppdates added but I cannot find any changes or useful updates. No change to Facebook integration, you still can't unsync facebook contact info from your people hub and you still can't read facebook posts with the tiny people hub font, (can't change the font size yet either). Facebook is easier to read by using the IE browser on this phone.

Pros:1. Response of touch screen is really good, brightness and colors are also one of the best. Screen size is perfect ...neither too big to carry nor too small2. It's really fast and does not hangs at all.3. Very Very simple to handle and navigate. Just two pages and you have everything.4. You can carry almost any app/game/link/contact to home screen as per your choice.5. Copy paste feature is working fine, bing search pretty good and it takes commands from voice very accurately. Keyboard is working pretty good.6. Phone book and contacts management is pretty easy, It do lots of things seamlessly without making you to bother about it.7. Wireless and Data connection speed is nice, Whatever problem I faced is only due to bad At&T; network.8. Design is beautiful, it looks elegant and shiny, not flat and boring like others.9. Navigation works accurate and without any delay.10. X-Box live makes searching for games much easier. You have large pool of games to choose from11. If you are installing app or game, it works handsomely well. As I select a app(free) on marketplace within 10-15 seconds it will be downloaded, installed and ready to run. very easy and Fast.12. I heard about rumors that WIN7P does not have enough free apps to work, somewhat its true but not fully. I do have free apps for FB, Google Search, youtube, google maps, yelps, netflix, BofA, vevo and many more. You will definitely find enough free apps to keep you busy.13. Battery is powerful , it takes time to fully charge but will keep you phone working for more than 24 hoursCons:1. I have not tried but I read that once you insert memory card you can't remove it as it works with phone's internal memory. If you removes memory card it can crash your phone. If it's true I don't like it.2. Bluetooth is not able to connect with Laptop, probably some compatibility issue.3. Yes there are some basic and very useful quality apps are missing from portfolio. Absence of basic GoogleVoice app and Skype app irritates me. iPhone android wins this time.4. It does not have profiles mean You need to go to ringtones and change ringer and vibrator every time.

I have had this phone for a month now. I user do have a crappy NET10 phone. I can't believe what a difference i have now. The Super AMOLED screen is the best screen (computer, TV, Phone) i have ever seen in my life. The apps are o.k. but enough to keep me pleased. The call quality is great. The only downside is that if you do not get a texting plan, the GoVoice app (if you have a Google Voice #) is not that great to use. Maybe i will find a better app later. Facebook loads very quickly on 3G. Picture quality is average. I don't really use phones for pictures, but the quality is good for quick pictures. If you are looking for a Smartphone that is not Android, buy this one.

Many other people has gone over various pros and cons. I largely agree with them, but I have my own priorities and preferences. Let me go over those in three areas (Note that I'll be mainly going over hardware configuration, comparing this with HTC Surround, not Windows Phone 7 OS--I'm very excited about this OS, and while lacking in many parts, it will mature very well, I believe):Screen:Brightness & color: Yes, it has vibrant color (bit over-saturated to be natural, IMO), but it is actually very dim. It has amazing black level, but at the cost of overall brightness. In my unscientific and subjective opinion, I think Samsung simply turned down screen brightness a notch to achieve the absolute black level. :P (Ironically, the "low" brightness setting is actually BRIGHTER than that of HTC Surround. What's up?)Clarity: Because this screen is larger, yet has the same pixel count as HTC Surround's, pixel density is lower. And thus, screen looks less clear when examined closely.Response time: Here is where Super AMOLED shines. Try scrolling Settings list up and down. The white text on black will leave almost no artifacts. The animation is crystal clear. On HTC's normal LCD, however, this will leave horrifying artifacts, showing the far inferior response time compared to Samsung's.So, It's a either between either large, responsive, over-saturated, but dim, screen, or bright, detailed, and natural-colored, but slow screen.Usability:While it does everything it does well, I have some beef on Samsung's button placements.First, the Lock/Power button is placed on the right-upper side of the phone. I find myself pressing it unintentionally when using the phone, and locking it. Very annoying.Second, the three capacitive Microsoft-required buttons on the front. They're placed at the bottom, even below the Samsung logo. And they're super-sensitive. This makes it prone to accidental presses when trying to reach upper portion of screen with my thumb. Very annoying, again.Sound:Personally, sound, and the use of the phone as a music player factors HEAVILY on my satisfaction. And, after going through two Samsung Focus units, I must say I am done with this phone.The problem is very easily recognized (to me at least. Haven't see too many complain about this... and I don't understand):On the default setting, the phone will play a small keyboard effect sound when you type a key. Put the phone's back speaker against your ear, and type something. You will hear the speaker turning on, start making hissing sound while it plays the effect, then turn off, stopping the hissing sound as well. Normally, this isn't a issue since the hissing isn't audible from the opposite side.But with the earphones on... this, to me, became a major issue. You can CLEARLY hear all this, right in your ear, thanks to Samsung's decision to include in-ear earphones (which, I must note, I was pleasantly surprised with). You can hear the speaker turning on, a loud hissing sound, and speaker turning off. Combine that with continuous key strokes, and ... oh man, I don't wanna go there.Mind you, this happens whenever the phone plays some kind of sound, no matter what that is.At first, I thought it my be specific to my own unit. I got it exchanged to another one yesterday, and ... it is still there. Apparently, it's the design problem on Samsung's side.Conclusion:I'm generally very sensitive to these kinds of details. I like setting the phone's theme to white background with magenta accent. White being dim on Super AMOLED, it doesn't work well. I like hearing clear and powerful sound. Samsung failed to deliver noise-less sound.Yup, I'm switching to HTC Surround. At the least, I didn't notice any hissing sound while Surround plays a sound.But this is my own opinion. If these things doesn't matter, then by all means, go with Focus. Many are happy with it, and I'm sure you will be, too.

I purchased my Focus after my HD2 died unexpectedly. I was planning on waiting for the HD7S to appear on AT&T; before I changed over (my work pays for AT&T; phones not TMO) but was forced into getting something that day. I have been a long time supporter of WP7. I love the metro interface and the fluidity of the operating system. What I didn't like (at least I didn't think so) was any of the WP7 phones on AT&T.; I had my heart set on a 4.3" screen and that was that.So with a lot of hesitation I purchased the Focus fully intending to dump it when the HD7s came out. Well, the HD7s came out 3 days ago and I am not giving up my Focus!Call quality is perfectThe screen is beautifulIt runs WP7 like a champThe camera is very good (my HD2 camera was a lot better but the Focus camera is still nice)The phone is very light. Initially I thought this meant cheap but it's not the case at all here. The build quality is excellent!After the SD fix I was able to install a 32GB SD card without issue. I have tons of storage for music, pics and videosI can totally see why this phone was rated the highest in customer satisfaction by PC MAG.You cannot beat the combination of WP7 and the Focus right now.I believe the phone is free now too. How can you beat that? Buy it now! You will not be disappointed.

This is the best smartphone around. I like it better than the most famous one my wife and my friends have. I get to the information faster with fewer touch/clicks. Its definitely a very good implementation of the new touch input based devices. Many of my friends are switching when their contracts are up or good for upgrade.

I purchased this phone from Amazon Wireless in December.  I have owned a Blackberry 8800 in the past and work with Iphones at my job. This phone is great. The screen is crystal clear and bright. It took about 5 minutes to get it configured with my Exchange email at work and my home ISP email. App support appears to be picking up but I've got the four I really care about already - Poynt, Facebook, Netflix, YouTube. I will be the first to admit i thought the 'tiled' screen was ugly the first time I saw it, but now that I have it configured with the tiles I want I love the ease I can zip around and catch up with email, facebook, message boards, etc...

Samsung Focus may be the best smartphone in the market right now.  I'm very satisfied with the purchase and would highly recommend this phone to others.Pros:- Very smooth, fast and intuitive user interface of WP7.  MS has nailed it.  It really sets WP7 apart from others.- Call reliability and voice quality.  I switched over from T-mobile to get this phone four weeks ago.  So far I haven't had any dropped calls.  Very happy with voice quality also.  I use the speaker-phone mode often and voice comes out just about right.- S-AMOLED display. Simply amazing. Deep black gives you very high contrast and an awe factor to anyone who see it for the first time. You do not want to go back to LCDs after experiencing this.- HW is very light. I believe it's the lightest smartphone among its peers currently.- Metro UI theme across many apps.  Visually pleasing and makes it very easy to navigate within apps.- Live tiles. Another unique feature of WP7. Doesn't waste screen space with useless background images like on iphone and Android.- Built-in Facebook integration. You just go to the contact list and the Facebook feed (if enabled) is right there, no need to launch a separate app.- Very nice virtual keyboard. I have pretty big thumbs and coming from Blackberry, I had some concerns about lack of physical keyboard but I'm glad I made the switch.- Office integration.  I get Office documents in the email once in a while and it's good to have the best Office support possible on my phone. OneNote sync over the cloud and my PC is also very nice.- You can pin favorite web pages, contacts and OneNote pages to the start screen for easy access.- Zune and XBox integration.- OS is very stable and quite bug free. It never crashed on me. The Marketplace app does have a bug where it becomes unresponsive occasionally (a well known bug getting fixed soon apparently).- Price. Got it for $0.01 on Amazon. Can't beat that.Cons:- None really.  Some people point out lack of copy and paste and others but I don't miss them at all.  I never used C&P; in my two years of Blackberry either.  In any case, it looks like there will be a few OS updates from MS that should cover majority of them.Bottom line: I LOVE THIS PHONE!!! :)

I have been using smartphones for the past decade. I've owned pretty much every type of device you can imagine, and I typically swap every 1-2 years being a tech junkie. I would have to rate this phone as the best phone I have ever owned. I am AMAZED at what MSFT has done with their mobile OS. It's like the show "Extreme Make-Over". :-) Here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Hands down, it is the simplest, smoothest and most intuitive phone OS I have ever used, including iPhone. The interface is clean, sensible and allows you to organize things in an extremely user-friendly way via "Tiles". The phone is also just so smooth. The touch interface is the most responsive and fastest I have ever seen. It's a sheer pleasure to hold and handle.- Excellent call quality and speakerphone. I use this as a business device, and these features are important for me. The speakerphone puts many others to shame (again, including iPhone). Call handling is also amazing. Everything from conferencing, putting calls on hold, accepting calls, etc is just intuitve, easy and flawless.- The simplest and most elegant email and Facebook integration I have ever seen in a phone. You can instantly tell how many unread emails you have in both corporate email and personal email ... ALL WITHOUT OPENING THE EMAIL APPS. This is a feature of the new "Tiles" feature. Facebook works the same way showing you people in your network. The calendar for Outlook is also really well done. The device also has Word, Excel and Powerpoint integration that is seamless and integrated into the experience. Again, I use this for business. So, this makes life so simple for me.- Search is AWESOME in this device!!! There is literally a search button on the front of the device. It brings up Bing. WOW, what an AWESOME app. I simply touch the "voice" option and speak to find things. The built-in voice seach is my favorite part of the phone so far. It has worked with 90% - 95% accuracy for me. It will instantly show you phone numbers, web sites, directions, reviews, etc for anything you search on. It is literally faster than searching with Google or Bing on a PC. This blew me away.- The device is light, thin and beautiful.- The app store has tons of cool apps, many of which are free. Also, tons of games! For me, this was a welcome feature. Makes the device fun. Also integrates with my XBOX Live account. Very nice.Cons:- I can't read rights-protected email. Ouch! Apparently, that will be fixed later this year with the 7.5 release of Windows Phone.- Can't get tethering to work, which means I can't hook my phone up to my PC and use the phone for a high-speed internet connection. Ouch again! This is useful in ariports or places where you need to pay for wifi. Not sure who to blame for this? Think this is ATT's fault?- Makes me use Zune to synch music and videos. Hate this!!! A simple drag/drop interface would suffice. Not sure what Zune buys me in this equation?- Want to be able to search everything with my voice, including the phone itself. Would be awesome to say "Load outlook", or "Read email to me".- Battery life is so/so. It's adequate for s smartphone, but nothing special. Would expect a bit more from a device and OS that is so well done. But, it gives me a full day's use so no major complaints.Summary: This phone rocks! I think Google and Apple should be a bit nervous. I can only imagine what this phone will do in just one-two more updates from Microsoft. Wow.

I really wanted to like this phone! I gave it a try after being frusterated with apple for putting iphone 4 out on the market without all the kinks worked out. But, in my opinion, this phone isn't even near the phone iphone is. My biggest complaint is that all the cool features this phone has, ie the radio, gps, etc. come with an extra cost. There aren't near the apps that apple has and I understand that it will get there with the apps but apps I had on my iphone for free cost about 4.99 at this marketplace. I also never found a place to search for apps.I liked the people hubb. But, as far as it being live, you still have to click on it to see updates. I was under the impression you were able to get a lot more information from "glancing" at the phone.Not a bad phone just not a great phone! But, I will be returning it to go back to an iphone 3GS.

I'm going to make this short and simple. I have little regret over the switch. The most notable knock against the Focus when compared to the iPhone4 is the display. While bright and vibrant, it can't hold a candle to that of the iPhone's retina display. After adjusting to that negative aspect, I can safely say I am not disappointed at all with this phone. One major plus is Zune vs iTunes. The Zune software is much lighter on my PC, and thus this phone actually increases home PC performance thanks to Apple's system bloating software that runs on PC startup. Xbox live integrations is AWESOME. Facebook and social features are great! I also love the os compared to blocky old iOS. If you are looking for something different than iPhone, and more controlled that Droid - this phone will not disappoint.

Don't miss the iPhone at all! This is a really great phone and I'm loving the OS. There are some areas that could use some polish but on the whole it has a very nice presentation. I love how when i click on an artist in the music player it finds a pic of them instantly and makes that the background. Also pulls up their bio and gives me a link to them in the marketplace.The marketplace on the phone isn't the most user friendly thing, but that's the kind of thing that could be fixed easily with an update.

Overall this is a great phone. Microsoft took a lot of things into consideration when they created this OS, and it shows. One thing users need to be wary off from the start that might ruin their initial experience: 'phantom' data usage. There are certain settings, such as the OS auto update, that if left on (which they are by default) make this phone can be a real data hog. Once switched off data usage in fairly normal. Also, in some situations it will continue to use a 3G connection even within Wi-Fi zones and there is no fix for this issue. Again, this phone is a great alternative to Apple and Droid offerings. AT&T customer service has been super helpful and even refunded me $65 after my data plan failed to activate on time and I was billed at the per MB rate as opposed to monthly rate. I highly encourage users to read the numerous web forums for easy solutions to the most common issues and to give customer service a shot, both have been extremely helpful.

The family was due for an upgrade on the ATT contract. We were looking at one of the Android phones and No I was not willing to shell out 199 for an iPhone. Stopped by at an ATT store - the sales guy was kind enough to point me to the rear of the store for the Windows Phones. It was a pleasant surprise - the OS is such a refreshing change from the iPhone, Android, Palm screens. The tiles are just awesome and the whole UI is intuitive and easy to use.It has been a week, I have added a 16GB Patriot MicroSD card, the reset was a breeze, and it synced up with my data - now I have a 24 GB phone with almost no cost.Pros: The Samsung Focus package is impressive - light and an amazing screen. The UI - experience it a local ATT store, they have live phones. Can't really do justice with a narrative.battery can be removed, memory can be expanded - albeit only once.Camera is greatSync's very well with Windows live and sky driveCons: None really - except the syncing with the desktop outlook, but once I had the outlook connector and set up the initial connection, I have not looked back.

I enjoyed this phone when I first got it.  I love Microsoft's Windows Phone OS.  It is easy to use and very good at what it does.  There are some noticeable features missing.  First is that you cannot add a video to an MMS.  Second, cannot connect to a wireless network that is not broadcasting its SSID.The worst aspect of this phone is the support from Samsung.  I sent the phone into Samsung because my volume down button stopped working.  They wanted to charge me one hundred and fifty dollars to fix it because the LCD connection was corroded.  How does the LCD affect the volume button?!?!?  And how is this not covered under warranty?!?!?  And how could this happen in just four months?!?!  In the end I had them send it back unfixed and I am never buying a Samsung product again (and I own a Samsung TV and two monitors).

The Samsung Focus is a good choice for those looking to make the jump to a smartphone and for casual smartphone users who primarily use their devices for basic smartphone operations such as push e-mail and web browsing.  The Focus offers a simple and straightforward OS, but Android and iPhone converts may find Windows Market quite lacking, and the OS does not come close to offering the power of Android.  The device and OS is eerily similar to many Blackberry's on the market, which is a dual positive and negative; it gets the core functions done, but does not excel in many other areas.For starters, the Focus' design is very slick and attractive.  It reminds me a lot of the Samsung Solstice/Eternity series; the Focus is light, pocketable, and is comfortable to use.  The four inch screen is just the right size, browsing and multimedia functions on the Focus are pleasant, and the screen isn't so large where it renders the phone to gargantuan status.  The Focus' volume rocker was tactile and easy to use/locate during calls, and the dedicated camera key is perfectly positioned and tactile; it is neither difficult to locate nor easy to inadvertently press.  Touch sensitive keys located at the bottom of the screen are a mixed bag.  I have accidentally pressed the search button dozens of times, which requires you to restart whichever task you were working towards--this becomes more of a pain over time.  The dedicated Windows key works well, but the back arrow wasn't the most tactile out of the box; until a software update, I almost had to press the space in between the back arrow and Windows key to use the back arrow.  While these are minor annoyances, their triviality does not render them non-existent.While many smartphone manufactures seemingly tend to pay little attention to a phone's core measurables, Samsung added extra detail to the Focus in this regard.  Calls on the Focus sound quite clear, with little static and GSM buzz.  Reception is above average (7/10), and the Focus does a good job of holding a signal; I have experience no significant fluctuations.  Battery life is comparable to many other smartphones; the Focus gets through a day of moderate to semi-heavy usage, and taps out early in the evening if used heavily.  For most people, battery life will be above average, but if you like to stream Youtube and IHeartRadio all day, you already know to order a spare battery.  Data speeds (in the greater Louisiana area) are quite zippy in 3G areas during non-peak hours; I averaged 1.2-1.8 MB down and 1-1.4 MB up.  Peak hour data speeds were also acceptable, as the Focus typically pulled speeds in the 0.6-1.2 MB down and 0.6-0.8 MB up range.  This is in line with what other At&t; phones in this area achieve; your experience may and probably will differ.  If you currently own an At&t; phone with 3G capability, the Focus will likely achieve the same results.What will make or break the Focus for most users is Windows Phone 7.  It is a simple, visually attractive smartphone operating system that is much more user friendly than the former Windows Mobile 6 series.  Featurephone users looking to make the jump to a smartphone will have almost no transition period in getting used to the operating system; in many areas (particularly the main application screen and its submenus), Windows Phone 7 is visually laid out in the same format as many featurephones.  But Windows Phone 7's greatest strength is also its greatest weakness; its simplicity often leaves the phone underpowered.  The Focus gets core smartphone functions right; e-mail is as easy to setup and feature rich as its iOS and Android counterparts, and the same goes for its web browser.  And thanks to Zune integration, you'll get a better music experience than what RIM and Google have to offer.  But beyond those functions, the lack of power is frequently apparent.  Multitasking is limitedly available in certain situations (such as performing other functions during a call).  If you open an application, and decide to return to the home screen to open another one, the former shuts down.  Using the back arrow on the bottom of the screen will resume the former application...sometimes.  While the home screen is customizable, it doesn't offer the power of Android (though in those terms, it is still a step ahead of iOS).  Beyond relocating and adding/deleting home screen icons, little else is customizable, with the exception of changing the basic color of home screen icons, and the theme from black to white.  Going back to applications, I was never sure if the Focus shut down my applications after I pressed the home screen.  Battery life didn't seem to be affected, but the phone gets a little sluggish by the end of the day.  Themes and other user imported customizations from Windows Market often made the phone crash or rendered it unresponsive from time to time.  One last stickler is the keyboard.  While excellent in portrait mode, it is only marginally larger in landscape mode...I often felt as if I were typing on a 3.2 inch screen instead of a 4 inch screen in landscape mode. For many people, few or none of these points will be a problem; if you like the phone out of the box, these will be non issues.  But if you like to customize and tinker with the OS to your liking, your liking had better bet what you get out of the box, because little else will change.Another sticking point with the Focus, if not more specifically Windows Phone 7, is Windows Marketplace.  Because it is still quite fresh getting off the ground, it does not offer the variety and sophistication of the App Store or Android Market.  In searching for specific applications, I often received music, albums, and other multimedia products along with my app search...which often got quite irritating.  Many basic applications are available on Windows Marketplace, but the lack of several key apps is puzzling to say the least.  There is still no official application for Yahoo Messenger (or any integrated instant messenger app for that matter).  The official Youtube appliation?  Yours for a nominal fee.  Seriously.  Familiar favorites like Opera Mini?  There's a plug-in available for the application, but the actual Opera application is curiously missing.  In many cases, there are many third party applications available that are good substitutes for those commonly used (like Youtube by Lazyworm and SurfCube Browser in place of Opera Mini), but the bottom line is, don't buy this phone for its app selection and functionality.  Who really trusts their login details to a third party developer Yahoo Messenger application?Despite several shortcomings, the Samsung Focus is a good smartphone with a simple to use operating system that will appeal to many users.  Because of its performance and easy to use interface, I find it difficult to objectively rate the device lower than 3.5-4 stars.  In terms of basic phone functions, the Focus is at the top of the class; if you need a smartphone that does a good job as a "phone," the Focus should be on your short list.  For business users, the Focus is also a good choice; it handles push e-mail spectacularly, and integrated Microsoft Office is a blessing to have (and the free Adobe app from Marketplace is too!  Hey, MS got a few of them right!).  Music and video lovers will also be pleased with the Focus, as its Zune support offers great multimedia functions.  But for those whose smartphone needs exceed these utilities, the Focus will likely leave you disappointed.  In particular, smartphone users who need a powerful customizable smartphone and/or who rely on a myriad of apps should either test drive the Focus before buying, or take advantage of the trial period.  The Focus (and its OS) are appropriate for basic smartphone needs and a few multimedia sprinkles, but Windows Phone 7 isn't fully developed enough to match the power of Android and the fun factor of Apple--perhaps not until the Mango update coming this fall.

I received the Samsung Focus last week and am just now learning all the things it can and cannot do. I've tweeked it some for my own use, which is strictly personal, not business. The display on the phone is out of this world, clear and colorful as can be. I love the tiles feature...putting everything I use on a daily basis right at my finger tip. The touchscreen is really sensitive..and I'm adjusting to that, but since this is my first touchscreen phone...that's to be expected. Facebook app, Bing search and my contacts all easily found. The phone set up was quite easy for me. Basically just turn the darned thing on and it finds a wi-fi connection and begins to gather your information. Now for the downside...You cannot customize ringtones. This doesn't bother me, but there is a lot of discussion about it on the internet. I think the calendar feature is cumbersome and needs some work. Getting it sync'd was sort of a mystery, but it finally did so..I'm still not sure how. A lot of needless information about Facebook contacts, etc. will download to the phone but you can adjust the settings for this under "applications" "people". Probably what I really dislike (and if I had known about it, would have been a deal breaker) is there is no way to upload videos to social sites like Facebook, Flickr or YouTube. The camera on this phone functions quite well and when taking videos of my grandchildren I could hardly wait to get them uploaded to Facebook. When I started scooting around the apps I soon discovered there was no way to do this...and an email to customer support confirmed it. Zune software is incorporated with the phone and you can download music to the Focus as well as upload the videos to Zune, but that's it. No way to edit....store on your laptop/PC..nothing. Photos can be uploaded to the social sites, but not videos. In my mind, this is a tremendous drawback to the Samsung Focus. Uploading videos is a fairly fundamental feature and it never occurred to me I would not be able to do so.Having said that..I like the look of the phone..it moves fast and will on a basic level meet my needs. However, I'm hoping in the future MS will update and correct the video upload feature as well as allow the folks who would like to personalize their ringtones to do so.

Just some background on me as a user - I've used Macs almost exclusively for the last 5-6 years, I'm a Linux & Unix Sysadmin (I'm technical), and I've used pretty much every smartphone platform available at one time or another (minus webOS).  I've had numerous Blackberries and never really cared for them.  I had an iPhone that I liked very much (my wife has the 4th gen currently) and most recently I had a rooted Evo that I sometimes loved and sometimes hated.Things I like about the Focus/WP7:* the hardware camera button - being able to take a picture from sleep quickly is awesome.  With two small kids I use my camera phone a LOT.* The OS itself.  WP7 is fast and very smooth.  I love the Metro UI and it seems to present things exactly how I would want them.  I think it feels much more like an Apple product than a Microsoft one, and I definitely mean that as a compliment.* The Apps - There could definitely be more, but the quality of apps in my opinion  is way better than what you find in the android market place* the keyboard - the SW keyboard is awesome.  if the dell venue pro was on AT&T; I would have gotten that instead, but I really don't miss the keyboard.* the media player - I really like the zune software built in, and it is more like ipod/iphone devices in that it will play most any formats I throw at it, not nearly as picky as the Android media players were* live tiles - very slick implementation* the home/lock screen - I like the way that all the updates you need are delivered right there* carriers/oem have limited pre-installed junkware - one thing I never understood was why someone would want to make a nascar app uninstallable on a smartphone (sprint/htc, I'm talking to you).  I LOVE that you can easily deinstall any of the AT&T;/Samsung apps if you want to.* This display - the Super AMOLED is BEAUTIFUL.  I think it looks even better than the Retina Display on the iPhone4.* paying for apps through your phone bill - I know this isn't new, but after dealing with google checkout and how crappy the market was on Android I'll take this anyday.* email & calendaring- This is the most readable email client I've ever seen on a smartphone and I really like how the calendar is setup too.  I sync multiple email accounts & calendars (exchange & gmail) and everything works great out of the box.The negatives:* updates - uh, anytime now MS.  a little multi-tasking, HTML 5 support & copy/paste would be really nice* camera settings resetting everytime you leave the app - this is a widely known complaint and I've heard they're working on this* the "expandable SD storage" - I'm really pissed about this one.  it ate an SD card and since I don't know anyone with a high end nokia smartphone I can't reformat it to make it usable.  the phone would format the card, but once I got over 8GB of data on the phone, it became very unstable.  reading all of the microsoft support documentation it sounds as if this is Samsung's fault, the microsd slot should not have been user accessable and shouldn't be advertised as such* quantity of apps - no where near the app store, but this just takes time* cost of apps - the apps are too expensive - usually 2x more than apple or google* All of the AT&T; apps cost more money - seriously, wtf?  I thought the nav was pretty slick, but $10  a month?  I guess I'm just spoiled coming from Google's Voice nav on Android (probably my favorite feature of Android)* they need to fix some of the weird horizontal/vertical issues on this phone (for instance in the web browser you can't access the url bar if it's horizontal)* the facebook client - the integrate facebook feed in "People" works pretty well, but I like using the actual facebook client, because it's full featured.  the problem with the client is that it seems to stutter and slow down the whole phone.  Not sure what's up with that, probably just a simple software fix.Things I'm neutral on (they're ok, or likely to improve):xbox live integration - I have a feeling this will get better over timecustomization options - I wish there were more, but I also can see how it keeps everything looking clean and crispLive integration - you can do some really cool stuff like sync your pics & info to the cloud, locate your phone on a map or make it ring/wipe remotely.  They just need to clean up the website and make a better front end.

i'm a phone junky.  i've had 9 in the past 2 years.  and this was one that i picked up and ran as my daily driver for a few short months.1st off i'm an android fan.  i'm the type that will root/ mod my phone constantly playing with different roms and themes.my previous phone before this was the iphone 4, which i absolutely hated.  but thats another story.my impression of wp7 was remarkable good overall.  my biggest complaint out of the box was ie 6 (7?) for web browsing.  it did not work well with landscape mode for menus such as accessing bookmarks.  2nd, the lack of plug and play is what i consider the deal breaker on this phone.  having to use zune to add/remove files to my phone is annoying to say the least.what i did like about the phonethe screen is wonderful.  using the samoled screen colors are bright and vivid.  though maybe slightly over saturated.  the metro ui with all the tiles really show this.  also the color display seems to be slightly on the cool side, but that wasn't a big deal.  just like apple did with ios, MS took care of designing there ui to fully optimize the hardware it was built with.  screen was responsive and the animations were fluid with no lag visible to me.  call quality was ok, the ear piece could've been louder, but it performed fine as long as there wasn't extremely loud background noise.  also, all my email accounts were set up via exchange and worked like charm.the not so good.i had to enable the debug menu and push some commands for the phone to display a battery %.  i was unable to customize the phone. one can move tiles around and add apps to the launch screen, but nothing out of the ordinary. also the os isn't designed to work in landscape view very well.  i think this will be resolved with future updates.over all this is a good phone and a great starting point for anyone wanting to get into the world of smartphones.  i ultimately left this phone for the samsung galaxy s2

I walked into the ATT store thinking I was going to upgrade to an iPhone 4 from my current iPhone 3g.An ATT customer service rep asked if I was interested in trying the new Windows Phone 7 and I thought I may as well check it out.  While I had read good things about it I hadn't tried it for myself.  After playing with it for about 5 minutes, it felt like I had already figured out the entire UI.  It was intuative, easy and just worked the way it should.  There were several other salesmen and customers around us and we all walked away super impressed with the new samsung/msft offering.I walked out the proud owner of a Samsung focus.I had an iPhone 3G for 2 years and just made the switch to the Samsung Focus.  This phone is absolutely excellent - there is little I actually miss about the iPhone.  The primary differences people like to point out to negate this OS and phone are relatively minor.  The apps that I actually use the most are part of the growing Windows/Zune marketplace already and copy/paste will be here shortly.I am definetly a convert - give this phone a try and decide for yourself!

Short version:This was a nice trial which was executed very badly. I wanted to like the phone but now I really regret leaving my iPhone 4 for WP7. In short, it's one of the worst phones I had in my life. (it's not a faulty phone because I have 2 and they were bought 1 month apart)Long version:I got this phone for free as part of my employment at Microsoft (employee's incentive), I used to have iPhone 4, iPhone 3G and I spent too much time with iPhone, so I told myself it's an easy decision, I can now try something new and it would be for free, so I sold my iPhone 4, got WP7 for free and the deal was done.During the first couple of weeks with the phone, I liked it so much but when the time passed, I went into too many troubles with horrible things in the phone that made me wonder if I did the right decision. Now after being with the phone for more than 5 months, I can say what I liked and what I didn't.What I liked:1- Fresh UI experience.2- Email & Office experience are both much better than those in iPhone (which doesn't have office).3- Live tiles is a very nice idea but it was executed in a very bad way (see what I didn't like section)4- Screen brightness is amazing (although iPhone 4 screen was awesome too)5- The phone is light weight and looks good.Now what I didn't like (I know it's a very huge list but anyway):1- Although the live tiles concept is very good but, it went through bad execution, first of all, I do not see that much application supporting it. Many apps that support live tiles hangs a lot and keep stale data that sometimes are more than a day old, which in both cases render the feature useless and even worse than iPhone, cause you sometimes depend on data and find later (when it's too late) that this data is 1 day old.2- App store can't be compared at all with neither Apple AppStore or android. Microsoft has not enabled a lot of very important features in its APIs that made making many basic applications (i.e. sockets) not possible.3- Camera is simply inferior to iPhone 4 Camera (even iPhone 3G), quality of the data coming from the sensor (especially in low light) is horrible. iPhone sensor is of much better quality than Samsung camera.4- Buttons are placed in very wrong places. Sometime I am playing a game and press the power button by mistake and I lose all my progress and same for Camera button, etc.5- Very basic missing features like Multi-Tasking, Copy-Paste, missing languages support (i.e. Arabic).6- Missing full backup solution, backup is just a MUST EXIST feature in any smart phone, I can't afford to lose my data and do not have them back. Giving partial backup story for images and stuff like that is not enough (especially that the cloud solution just stores smaller version of your image). In WP7 it becomes even must important because of issues like in #12.D7- Storage is a joke! How comes Microsoft is releasing a phone in 2010 with a storage of 8 GB!! My iPod Nano watch contains double this memory! And to make things even worse, they released the phone with the ability of adding more memory via sd extention but at the same time, no SD card currently in the market is able to work with the phone!8- Applications that exist on both markets (i.e. Apple AppStore and WP7 store) are much worse on WP7 side. First of all they usually at least double the price (I know of the study that says that applications on WP7 store and in average cheaper than those on AppStore but, anyone who studied probability knows that taking average without taking variance into consideration is just stupid) also quality wise, same app that exist on AppStore is much better than this on WP7 store (i.e. Facebook app)9- Internet explorer is just very bad! Very inferior to Safari. When you open a page in default view, the font is too hard to read, also it crashes a lot, really a lot (see #12.F below).10- Support story simply doesn't exist. During the days of my owner ship to iPhone, when I get any problem with my iPhone, I just pay a visit to the nearest apple store, give them the phone with the problems, they just exchange it for me, no questions asked and everything is done under 10 minutes. With WP7, it's a totally horrible story, I got friends who had problems with their phone and they spent hours between Microsoft, AT&T; and Samsung and every party is trying to blame the others and no one was taking responsibility for the issue. To put it in simple terms, if you get a problem with your phone, you do not know who to annoy about it.11- Update story is horrible, since the phone was released more than 6 months ago, I've never received a single update so far. The phone is full of issues and bugs and Microsoft didn't even spend some time trying to fix these issues for people who are being annoyed every day and every night about it!12- BUGS! The phone is full of bugs, on the top of my mind:A- You can't go more than 5 steps deep in Marketplace, it will crash and sometimes it won't recover until you restart the phone.B- Sometimes you face random screen hangs that the screen either partially or fully does not accept any input. You either need to restart the phone or lock/unlock it to make it workC- Bluetooth phone on the car integration system is a mess, sometimes it randomly stops you from hearing what on the other side, or it blocks the other side from hearing you. Sometimes the connection drops and do not connect back, and so on.D- The phones sometimes restores to factory default overnight. You just go to sleep and next day you find your phone the same way you bought it. All your data lost and there's no way for getting it back (thanks to Microsoft for releasing a smart phone without a backup story)E- Camera settings do not stick. Because of the horrible quality of the camera in low light situations, I need to enable image stabilization feature a lot, once I close the camera app and open it again, all the settings are lost!F- Internet explorer crashes a lot. I can be sometimes working on something and suddenly I am out! And to make things even worse, when I open the browser back, I do not find any history for what I've been doing at all). Sometimes also I open it to find a blank black page and then nothing.G- When you try to search for applications only on the Marketplace app on the phone, this is not possible for some other bug.That's all I can remember for now. I'll add to my review later when I remember about the other horrible things that have been going with me and my friends.

This is not a review on the WP7 OS, but a review on the Samsung Focus hardware. If I were to rate the WP7 OS, then I would give the OS 3-stars -- it's a great OS with plenty of potential, but it's a very young OS so it lacks some features that I take for granted. It's also currently geared for the consumer market (and not the enterprise segment). Alas, I digress...When I was shopping for a WP7 phone on AT&T;, it was between the HTC Surround and Samsung Focus. Although I like physical keyboards, I did not consider the LG Quantum because of its bulk and screensize. After spending 3 hours at the AT&T; store, the Focus won because of its screensize and micro-SD slot. The HTC Surround felt nice, but I felt the speaker bar was a bit too gimmicky and added unnecessary bulk to the phone.What I like about the Focus:* The screensize -- it is the largest between the current WP7 offerings from AT&T; (LG Quantum, HTC Surround, Samsung Focus)* How thin and light the phone is* The Super-AMOLED display* The earpiece and speaker volumeWhat I dislike about the Focus:* Battery life is somewhat disappointing -- I find myself charging it when I get home from work vs before I go to bed* The location of the power/lock button -- it is easy to toggle the lock while taking pictures or videos* No way to reformat/reset the micro-SD card so it becomes reusable by other devices (but this is a grey area and Microsoft is partly responsible)Other comments about the Focus:The Focus does look and feel more chintzy over the LG Quantum and HTC Surround. However, the construction is equal to my Nokia N900 and the N900 feels solid. I can only speculate why -- the N900 (along with the HTC Surround) is heavier than the Focus.

Many of the early adopters of the new Windows Phone 7 (WP7) are interested in the first mobile Xbox Live (XBL) platform inside the new OS.  For those of us that wanted to take our gaming on the go while gaining achievements at the same time were blessed when WP7 finally arrived.  The only question left unanswered revolved at how good this new integration with XBL was.  Luckily, many users were pleased with the outcome, even though there were some shortcomings along the way (no multiplayer, yet).But all that gaming has to be done with a device.  Out of all the devices for WP7 on the two current carriers (Verizon and Sprint have yet to receive theirs), AT&T; customers might be delighted to know that the Samsung Focus is one of the best phones to experience WP7, and XBL.  The Focus has a rich SAMOLED screen, wonderful ergonomics and a good camera.  Even though it's still one of the best phones for XBL, I think that T-Mobile customers may have gotten the better end of phones that would suit Xbox gamers.  Alas, for AT&T; customers, we didn't get the short end of the stick as for everything else that this phone can do, the experience should be positive.The first thing that comes to mind when I choose a phone is screen size.  The Samsung Focus comes with a bright 4-inch Super AMOLED screen.  The screen size isn't the biggest amongst WP7 devices, only being beaten by the HD7 and the Dell Venue Pro, but it is one of the sharpest screens out there.  It also has Gorilla Glass to help protect the screen from unnecessary scratche.I've played a share number of games on the device and the ample screen size helps with control.  Games like Ilomilo and Flight Control are a breeze to play. The only downside is the touch capacitive buttons on the bottom.  Often, I found myself taken to the home screen or search page by mistake as a slight brush of those buttons takes you out of the game.  After a few moments you learn to adjust your hand to minimize the mistakes, but they do happen, and you will lose game data on some games that don't resume if taken out of the app.  It's a small complaint, but those with big hands will find it hard to miss those buttons once in a while.The upside is that there are plenty of games that save your progress even if you leave the app.  And, each week there is at least one new XBL game on the Marketplace to choose from.  It mimics it's larger console counterpart in this regard.  However, be warned that some of these games are ports that offer the same or nearly the same experience from their mobile origins.  I wish there were more exclusives or original titles, but at least the games that Microsoft brings in are of good quality.Another great thing about this phone is that playing back media, be it pictures, movies, music and games is awesome.  I've streamed shows through Netflix, caught pictures and videos online, and even taken a few home movies of my own.  The screen makes all the difference and having a good camera also helps.  The only downside to the camera is that on low-light situations, the picture quality suffers.  The flash doesn't help the outcome either, as sometimes the flash makes everything slightly off-color.  In broad daylight, the camera does a good job of representing colors.Music is handled through Zune, Microsoft's media player, and I'm happy to say that Zune's transition from MP3 to dedicated media player for WP7 comes through well.  If you never owned a Zune device, WP7 takes the essentials from those legacy devices and places them in their own hub at the home screen.  Anyone out there that knows Zune, knows that it is one of the best media players in the market.  Plenty of people like the look and feel of Zune.  It makes playing music an organic experience.  The downside is that Smart DJ didn't move over to WP7, which was one of the best features of the Zune devices.  I hope MS brings that feature over to WP7 on their next firmware update.WP7 also does a good job of integrating your contacts from Facebook, e-mail, and Messenger.  It aggregates everything and places them into the 'People' hub.  I like that I don't have to scroll through pages to find information that should require a couple of button presses.  WP7 handles this easily and makes navigation very intuitive.  I would still wish that there were other social network databases that WP7 could assimilate into the People hub, but right now Twitter, LinkedIn and others are out of the loop.  I did hear that later this year (2011) Twitter will be brought into the fold, so who knows what other networks will be brought in.On the down side, WP7 OS is lacking in a few key features.  Copy & Paste isn't included, but according to some reports it should arrive by the beginning of March 2011.  Also lacking is turn-by-turn navigation, but that's also in the works for and update later this year.  Aside from that, WP7 handles a lot of things well.  It's speed of use and ability to transfer information quickly to any live tile on the homescreen is wonderful and really speeds up things.  Scrolling through menus and apps is a thing of the past.  Having live tile support is one of the best things about WP7.  Want to know if any incoming e-mail arrived into your inbox?  It's there, no need to open up the e-mail to see.  It will display that info on the tile.  There are great apps out there that take advantage of this, making your homescreen come alive.  It really intensifies your phone, making it come alive with small animations to indicate changes and updates.  It really works well together.It actually does more with less.With that in mind, I can't wait for the possibilities of the future.If you're looking for a cool phone to play around with and give you tons of achievements, look no further, WP7 is here.  I highly recommend it.

Have had the Samsung Focus since the WP7 release and it's an amazing device. I show it to friends who have iPhones and they are blown away by the display, the lightness, then the ease of use.For a first release on the new plaform I have one word - BRAVO!!!

The best Windows phone today, gorgeous screen, fluid operation. There are some limitation on the first release of the software, but copy/paste is coming soon.The phone is thin, light and slick. Super AMOLED screen is awesome.The battery takes several hours to charge. The Zune desktop software still have quite some bugs. But overall it is a good integrated experience

I preface this by stating that my review is not of the phone but of the Amazon Wireless / AT&T; false advertising for this phone. The phone itself looks great, but watch out former Cingular and Alltel customers, you cannot get this phone for free like the rest of the AT&T; customers. This is my understanding of the situation and why I cannot get the phone from Amazon, as explained to me by several Amazon Wireless representatives over the past few days...I started my phone contract with Cingular in 2003. A year later in 2004, AT&T; bought Cingular. Evidently, AT&T; has several databases with its customer lists; one database for former Cingular customers, one database for former Alltell customers (recently acquired by AT&T;), and one database for original AT&T; customers.  The Amazon Wireless website was constructed to be completely automated with no human input (i.e., if there is any problem, nobody at Amazon Wireless can complete the sale manually like Amazon did in the past).I turns out that Amazon Wireless only has the database for original AT&T; customers only. If you are a Cingular (and most likely Alltel) customer, Amazon Wireless has no access to your account for any phone upgrades. I had a three-way conference call with AT&T; and Amazon Wireless representatives and was told very clearly that although I am eligible for the free phone upgrade, the transaction cannot be completed due to the automated system. To add insult to injury, AT&T; would not match Amazon Wireless's price. The Amazon Wireless representative also informed me that Amazon Wireless has no immediate plans (within the next 12 months) to acquire the former Cingular customer database.I checked Wirefly and other online sellers, unfortunately they have the phone for $29 and require me to upgrade to 900 minutes of talk time for an extra $20/month. So I'm left with two options if I want this phone (which I do); pay $99 for it through AT&T;, or open a new account with a new phone number and cancel my old account.

Absolutely love the phone, but it is SD card expandable "at your own risk," and expanding (no cards are officially approved for this phone) will fry the SD card, erase all your data, and sometime screw up your phone too.Other than that, the phone is fantastic--wayyy better than the iPhone and Androids (so fast!), enough apps that you won't be left wanting, and just a nice phone.  Whenever I use it, people around me exclaim, 'That's awesome, what is that?!'  Just know that if you expand it, you are risking your phone and your SD card is gone unless you have a random Symbian phone lying around to reset it.  It's definitely false advertising on ATT and Samsung's part--Microsoft has been extremely clear about not being SD card compatible.

The Windows Phone OS is great, but this Samsung phone has a pretty big problem which you can read about here:[...]Like many other people, I found that this phone worked great until the power connector apparently developed a short, causing the phone to beep non-stop and quickly burn out the battery.  Too bad Samsung put such a cheap part into what would have otherwise been a great phone.I have bought Windows phones for the whole family - no, they're not hip, but this is a truly great OS; just don't buy a Samsung.  IMHO, the LG Quantum has way better hardware.

When I got the phone I initially had a very positive impression. The software was quick, all the hardware worked, and the call quality was excellent. When I delved into it a little more, I started to get frustrated. Other than pictures, video, and music, it would not sync DIRECTLY to my pc. Also, it had no backup feature, so if you updated it, you would lose all the time you spent in putting in calendars, contacts, etc. Dealing with Windows Live was very frustrating, too.Well, after two months, I can tell you I'm falling in love with the phone again. Take the time to learn Windows Live, and its web-based applications, and you will understand why the developers chose the "cloud paradigm." (After all, even your email is actually in "the cloud" before your desktop app picks it off the server. So all in all, I'm slowly becoming a cloud convert. (Just pick a very strong password, and do NOT REPEAT YOUR PASSWORDS on the net!)The conclusion in short, is that if you're using Microsoft Office, your devices will in the future be syncing to "the cloud" (in this case Window Live). When you change your calendar, or contacts, or tasks in Outlook, via the Outlook Connector plugin (free), it will automatically sync to Live, then Live syncs it to your phone. Works the other way, too. It's actually pretty seamless.When you install games to your phone, you either use the phone itself via internet (Cellular or WIFI) or a usb connection to your pc running Zune software. You HAVE to go through the Windows Phone Marketplace though. Microsoft is trying to make sure they have some quality control over the apps.) You'll use Zune also, to install your media files from your pc. (Drag and drop.) When it syncs Outlook, it uploads the PST file. (If your upload speed aint so hot, make sure your PST file is not too big, otherwise you're in for a "delay.")There are plenty of apps, games, and media in the marketplace. The only thing I haven't found yet (but give it a little time) is a backup program for the phone. In this case you're actually ok, because your phone's data is stored "in the cloud."Hope this helps you make up your mind.

boots twice as fast as my friends new iPhone and android.  very fast. battery last very well and the OS is very easy to use.  I really like this phone, only complaint is I wish the camera was a little better.

..but only because ATT would offer this $50 deal online while I had to pay $200 in store and refusing to waive the activation fee. Way to burn your customers!Cons:- Ambient Light sensor doesn't seem to be working right in bright light. I don't think it's turning up the brightness all the way like it should.. but that could just be a battery-saving feature when battery is low.- Plastic- Tacky ATT logo- No front-facing camera- Currently only 8GB internal memory with weak microSD support (right right, MS said they weren't supposed to support it... but when the iPhone 4 has 32GB of storage (6 months ago), how is this phone supposed to compete at 8GB?? Unacceptable for a smart phone.- Battery Life sucks. I don't get why people were saying it was average. I'm new to the smart phone scene, but I don't feel like I use it for heavy applications, a phone call here or there and it barely lasts a day. For a phone/OS that claims it takes it's "focus" off the phone and back to life, I sure do have to look down and check to make sure it's not dead a lot.- No 4g support.. not for the iphone either, doesn't even make sense to me considering we're supposed to stream video on these devices.- 2GB bandwith cap. Thanks ATT. We know grandma's not going to use that much but screw Uverse and Netflix. At least that tile makes the phone interface look pretty.Pros:-Beautiful Super AMOLED screen. It really does trump most of the cons. Compared to other phones like the HTCs, this feature alone makes it stand out as the top windows 7 phone currently available. Only other competitor in my book is the Dell Venue Pro, but that one has an awkward physical qwerty keyboard.. although gorilla glass is a welcomed bonus.- Good amount of accessories, waiting for the argyle protective gel cover- replaceable battery as battery life is bound to improve- Future windows phone 7-compatible microSD cards for expandable memory to hopefully mean 32GB versions for a total of more memory than the iPhone 4 (+8GB)- Windows Phone 7: love the OS, room for improvement/apps but puts the iPhone out of style- Although plastic, imo, it feels solid. It doesn't feel cheap to me as some reviewers have noted.How can I give this phone a perfect 5 star rating when there are imperfections? Cause there's no 4 1/2 star rating available and I don't think it deserves only 4 as most of my gripes are redeemable. The front-facing camera has a long ways to go before it's widely adopted, and by the time my contract is up, I should be able to pick up a solid upgrade then.

Best Windows Phone 7 handset on the market.I only gave 4 stars because the case is a bit cheap (all plastic) and there are some missing features (cut & paste arrives this month, but still no visual voice mail).  Make sure to get a case.

My opinion probably isn't worth a whole lot, since this is my first smartphone.  But I love this thing.  Most of the Tech and News sites may be calling WP7 a failure with low launch numbers, but to hell with them.  WP7 is an amazing operating system and my iPhone and Android friends have been very impressed with my phone.  A lot of them have already said they will switch when their contracts are up.  I'll try to keep this review focused on the Focus hardware since you are probably trying to decide between WP7 devices.Pro's:- As others have already said, the screen really is amazing.  The colors and screen resolution are amazing.  Text and everything shows up crisp and clear.- 4 inches gives me plenty of room.  I found the virtual keyboard on this 4incher to be so easy that I decided I didn't need a physical keyboard like the LG Quantum.- VERY light!  I was amazed how light this thing was.  I actually wouldn't want it any lighter than this.  I thought the HTC Surround and LG Quantum felt too heavy compared to the Focus.- I was suprised at how good the pictures and video are with this phone.Con's:- Pictures and video are good enough that my digitial camera is now obsolete and I need to figure out what to do with it.- I sometimes accidentally hit the power button.  Usually this will just put me into screen saver mode.- I would prefer the 3 bottom buttons to be physical.

I got my focus 3 days back and I simply love what I have seen so far. This is definitely a different phone from the rest on market. Live tiles give you quick update on most important things, new emails, next appointment, missed calls and etc. UI is very smooth, the phone is very stylish and very light. Definitely recommend it.

The Focus is a great phone and WP7 is a fantastic operating system.Everything is smooth and looks great.However, the call quality is pretty awful on my side, but very good for the person you're calling.This bothers me, but if you mostly text, I guess it would be alright.

Pros:Built in FaceBook, start screen layout, entire UI, crisp sharp screen colors, off-angle viewing, zune, people hub is outstanding, camera turns on with a press of a button even when the phone is asleep, live tiles, beautiful wall paper backgrounds.Cons:Although the navigation buttons on the bottom of the phone are exceptionally handy, they are very sensitive to the point of an occasional inadvertent redirect.The Focus is an outstanding phone. Since everyone is comparing this phone to the iphone 4 I will add that I have tried the iphone 4 in navigating through the UI, texting, a sampling of the apps, phone calls, photo viewing, and I feel that it too is an exceptional phone, but the Focus has a bigger visual impact and a smoother UI flow to it. I like the convenience of the three nav buttons on the bottom of the Focus including a button that pages back one screen at a time, or the center button that takes you back to the start screen, and the look-up button that takes you straight to Bing search. I've heard in reviews that the phone is light and has a plastic cheap feel. I was concerned with this prior to getting the Focus, but now that I have it I do not feel that this phone feels "cheap" in any way, and it has a decent weight to it. It is lighter than the iphone4 but not significantly. The off angle viewing on the Focus is outstanding which helps when viewing info, photos, videos, texts, with a group. Zune is excellent and the zune pass is great. I don't use the xbox live app that much. So far I can live without cut and paste. Some say not enough apps. I say tons to choose from and growing by the day. So far, I have found multiple app choices for everything I am interested in.If you are not completely dedicated to the iphone I would suggest checking out the Focus Windows Phone 7. The iphone 4 is a nice phone but considering the above mentioned, along with the iphone antenna issues (which, for a phone, is an unacceptable flaw IMO) I feel the Focus has the edge.

Don't get me wrong... I like this phone, but with the way the updates are handled I'd wait until the new operating system Mango comes out on the Device... I still haven't received the February Nodo update and MS, Samsung and At&t never give a good answer to why or when.

I purchased this phone through Amazon.com new wirless service, transfered my phone number from Verizon and began new service. After two weeks of playing with this phone and not wanting to keep it I returned it to amazonwireless. I decided to buy a Iphone and learned that I could not just swap out equipment but had to cancell one account and start a new one, loosing my phone number that I had for over 5 years. I then ended up with a $400 bill for 14 days of service as the service starts from the day they ship it to the day they recieve it back. So when the phone is being mailed you pay for service.Why I returned the phone.I needed a business phone, this is a gaming machine. You can not delete the gaming systems.The windows program can not read cascade style sheeting on websites.The tiles are live and are data hogs, I used up my entire $15 a month data plan in 14 days and barely used it. I now have an iphone, use it in the same manner and have not used one half of the same data plan in 30 days. So im left to believe this Samsung Focus is a data hog.Best advise, be sure of your purchase through amazon wireless as if you have to return a devise it is a giant hassle and if you plan to continue with Att cell service you will not be able to keep your cell number.  I now have an iphone, love my iphone!

This is the most eligant and stylish phone I have ever seen and fall in LOVE at the first sight. The UI is completely different from anyother Phone out there. Cleaver design, use of use and being different than other phones are the key driver for me to choose this over iPhone. Good job MSFT, finally you have done something innovative after years of copycating.

When I switched to AT&T;, the Samsung Focus was available for $0.01 with a new contract so instead of the android phone I had picked, my wife got us each a Focus. as soon as I turned it on I knew I was going to like it, all of my contacts were pulled from Facebook and my email, the few apps that I knew I would use the most were available on the market and the screen looked amazing. WP7 did have a few problems before the update to Mango but most of my complaints were addressed in the update. WP7 was not my first or even my second choice, it was new and untested, it did not have many reviews that reached me and I still had memories of Windows Mobile 6 from a few years ago. I am going to continue in bulleted list form because it is a bit quicker to read. I am going to try to focus on the hardware since WP7 is available on lots of phones now.The Good:- The super AMOLED screen is truly vibrant and you cannot tell the difference between black screen and screen edge unless in direct sunlight.- GPS functions well, it is tied into Bing maps but it has been pretty reliable when I have needed to use it.- The touch screen is very responsive- The camera takes amazing pictures, I have used the macro mode to take some pictures of insects that made a hobbyist photographer do a double take when I told him they came from my phone.- The speaker is loud enough to wake me up in the morning and is clear when on speaker phone.- Call quality is excellent.- The phone is very light and the battery lasts me about two days before needing a charge.- Movies and videos look good on the screen.- Live tiles on the home screen are great for quick information and really make the phone seem alive.- WP7 seems a lot simpler to use than a smart phone should, there are not loads of hidden settings for different apps and you only have to look in the app for its settings.- App uninstall is simple, hold your finger on it for a second, select uninstall, confirm and the app is gone- For the jailbreak fans, it is not as easy as iPhone but it is a lot easier than android.- After several drops the phone is still working without problems.The meh:- The radio feature is normally a bit fuzzy- The touch sensitive buttons below the screen tend to get hit when handing the phone to someone else or trying to watch a video.- The camera takes a few seconds to snap a picture and if you move it will blur.The Bad:- The screen is a bit hard to read in direct sunlight.- The first one my wife had came with a bad battery- Limited market but expanding.- Most of the bad is specific to WP7 and not the phone.- WP7 home screen could use some work, if you have more than a few apps pinned there it becomes a chore to scroll to the bottom.- The same can be said for the applications list, after you install a few apps it gets to be a pain to scroll all the way to the bottom.- Large live tiles don't have a way to shrink them and small ones cant be enlarged- the screen is a bit fragileThe bottom line is that I only gave this phone a 4 star rating because it is a bit dated now and there are better ones out there. I did not want a WP7 phone but I am glad that I got one and I will probably get another one when the time comes unless WP8 is out by then.

Having previously owned a Nexus One from Google/HTC, I can confidently say that this phone is a serious competitor with both Android and iOS devices. The screen is unlike any I've ever seen. Colors and video pop with the help of very deep blacks. The Windows Phone 7 UI blows away everyone I show it to, transitions between apps and hubs are beautiful and seamless, the "desktop" feel of android is non-existent. Deep integration with Outlook and Microsoft Office is ideal for business users but the Google account integration is also very good(sync contacts, calender and email in the background). The only reason for choosing Android over WP7 would be increased complexity. Android is infinitely customizable when it comes to settings but this is really the only area that WP7 is lacking. All in all a great phone and could easily replace any Android/iOS phone.

I bought the Samsung Focus in December 2010 when there was all the HYPE of Windows Phones. Apparently, the focus was supposed to be the best of the lot. I have owned Blackberrys from work and the iPhone 3G and 3GS for personal use, My iPhone 3G still works fine after 2.5 years. After reading reviews on the net on how good the phone/OS is, I decided to give it a try.The Windows OS has a lot to be desired from an apps perspective. Most apps available on the iPhone/Android are either unavailable or very primitive on the Windows platform. I thought this would change with time but is pretty much where it started about 8 months back.Now, the phone never locks and beeps continuously as if it were being charged, I called customer support, they reset the software and told me that it would fix it but it did not. They then asked me to mail the phone to them. Mind you, Samsung has no stores you can walk into for service. No one tells you this unless you are in a situation where you need help! I had to mail the phone to them and it was mailed back to me yesterday after two weeks. The resolution was "system reset and passed all functional testing". I switched on the phone to find that nothing was fixed! All the same issues persisted. I called them again and they need me to send it back to them again. Are you kidding me?? I will try send it to service and sell the phone off once I get it back. I am done with you Samsung!!!Do yourself a favor and buy the iPhone!!!

here's my opinion versus the iphone 4:pros:-screen resolution isn't as high but the OLED screen is really nice-much lighter and better to grip although the camera button placement is annoying-built-in FM radio is great-charger location on top is nice-AC charger is detachable from the cable which is nice and similar to iPhone. also, the charger is very small-expandable memory is great-uses standard SIM cards, not the uncommon one in the iPhone 4-phone drops calls much less than the iPhone 4!cons:-basic apps are there, but not all the bells and whistles-new charger type (microUSB) from previous Samsung smartphones-the existing marketplace apps are not as mature as the iPhone versions yet-no in-line control headsets yet. also doesn't work with the iPhone headsets-apps load the network connections slowly-bing maps is really slow to load maps

I don't normally like to give reviews so early, but since technology advances so quickly ... no one will care if you review it too late.  I have only had this phone for about five days now.  I can truly say that it's great.  It's fast, the voice calls sound crisp, Zune and Xbox Live integration is seamless and the app store is growing quickly.If you have never owned a smartphone before, this is the way to go.  It's good for people who want to enter the smartphone arena, it's starting to be good for gamers too.  For professionals, stick with Blackberry or Windows Phone 6.5 for now.  I don't know why Microsoft didn't go after more business types since they are really wanting to leave Blackberry.  WP7 does have Office, but it's too simple of a program.  It has Outlook, but no offline syncing to it.  I'm sure Microsoft can improve upon the professional side, but if you're a business type wanting to get a new phone ... I'd wait at least for a couple of WP7 updates in 2011 to see what Microsoft adds.Battery life is hard to tell.  In the beginning, the battery life will drop quickly because you'd be playing around with it so much.  After the newness washes away, I'm sure the battery life will do you fine.  I do wish Samsung would release a larger capacity battery for the Focus.The screen is really nice and responsive.  I have noticed a couple of times when there was slow down between transitions, but it might be certain 3rd party apps that haven't been fully optimized.  For the most part, it is fast, fast.Some pictures do not look good on this phone, some look outstanding.  It depends.  Higher res photos will look great, but some JPGs I've seen on the web or in games have color banding that makes them look lower res.  I guess it's a sacrifice to the SAMOLED screen's deep blacks unless there is an update that can be done to fix it.  I'm not sure if this is a color bit depth problem or what, but it's not a deal breaker by any means.  I prefer SAMOLED over LCD.As far as hardware goes, it feels sturdy in the hands even though it's mostly plastic.  The capacitive buttons can be pressed on accident, but it's easy to go back to what you were doing.  It might be a little slippery.  I plan on getting a phone sleeve for extra protection.  The size is great for movies, games and web browsing, and still small enough for one hand.  The Focus is also light.  It's even lighter and thinner than my last phone, and yet the screen of the Focus is an inch bigger.The 8GB will fill up very quickly.  I'm glad for the added micro SD card slot, but still waiting to see which ones are Microsoft approved cards.  The camera is great for quick capture moments, but no camera phone can replace a normal camera on vacations or nature shots ... yet.Samsung's and AT&T;'s extra software apps are basically pointless.  I wouldn't recommend you purchase a phone based on their software.  Although, AT&T; offers the game "Ilo Milo" for free right now and a Zune Pass trial.  Zune Pass is beyond great.  However, the OS is why you buy this phone.  You should definitely try the phone out.  It's better than the pictures, reviews, and advertising make it out to be.  I love the voice recognition and touch keyboard too.One thing I hope Microsoft allows in the future (not the cut/paste feature, which is coming; not more multitasking features, which would be nice; not more horizontal features, which should have been there to begin with) ... I want to have a 3G/2G toggle switch.  2G saves on battery life and gets higher signals.  Right now, it's 3G only unless you are out of 3G range.  Yes, 2G/Edge is slower, but I want the option if I'm out and low on battery, so I don't have the phone conk out on me.WP7 is under a catch-22.  People don't want to enter a new phone OS until there are more apps for it, but more app makers don't want to come unless more people buy it.  I'd say that if there was no app store at all for WP7, the Focus is still a great phone.  I wouldn't trust any reviews lower than a 3 ... and 5 is a bit much too, but I'm sure it's due to the excitement over it.  No phone is perfect, not even the iPhone.  Focus is great now and will only get better.One other thing, I tried to get this phone on Amazon Wireless, but they are still in Beta and had trouble checking my AT&T; account status for some reason, so I had to get the phone elsewhere.  I was out of contract and in good standing, so I'm not sure what the problem was.  Amazon needs to fix that.

First, I'd like to say a few words about WP7 (Windows Phone 7) before reviewing the device itself. Live Tiles are a unique combination of windows "Quick Start toolbar" and a digital dashboard. At a glance, you can get the information you want, such as pending emails, text messages, and voice mails...but that isn't unique, every phone for the last decade has provided this functionality; the power of the operating system is in the hands of developers.Imagine if Blackberry had a means for developers to add another light to the phone that would indicate when updates to an RSS feed were downloaded, or when it was your turn in a multiplayer game, or when you had notifications on Facebook...it'd be great, information at a glance! To a slightly lesser extent, that is what Live Tiles offer, a developer can provide that information to the user without accessing the application. A dictionary app can display the word of the day, a movie app can show the most popular box office hit, a Facebook contact app can show your a contacts most recent status along with their Facebook photo. These are things that aren't available, in the same way, on any other operating system.It's a new phone, not all the tools have been released to developers, what is already a feature packed device will become even more so in time and more importantly: without being forced to upgrade! For those that like dashboards with a lot of information packed into one place, this phone is the best of the bunch.Now, onto the Samsung Focus. I love Samsung displays and this phone is no exception. When I purchased it, I had a choice of an HTC Surround, LG Quantum, and a Samsung Focus. The HTC was a fantastic alternative but the screen was much too small and the thickness of the phone was bulky in my pocket. The LG was buggy, perhaps just a bad demo I got to play with at AT&T.; The Samsung was vibrant, thin, and had a larger display than the others all-the-while fitting nicely into my front pocket.The design of the phone is lacking, somewhat, around the shortcut keys. For example, while typing, it is very easy to reach across the keyboard and accidentally hit the Search function (this is especially annoying on touch-activated games). There are also times when holding down the Windows button nothing will happen. The sensitivity of shortcut keys is just toned too high (perhaps you can adjust it?). Aside from this, it feels great in your hand or in your pocket.Pocket dialing has not been a problem. To get to the Live Tiles, you have to slide up a lock screen (with an optional password, as well) and then open the Phone app. I've not dropped any calls as a result of the proximity sensor causing the phone to come unlocked during calls, either.Samsung did make a mess of their firmware causing update delays, which is a problem now and might remain a problem in the future, and that certainly can't be ignored. Bricking phones that attempted to update is as much Microsoft's fault as Samsung's, so there is mud on both of their faces; however, the application market continues to grow, more features are scheduled for later this year in a major update (including multitasking), and the integration with other Windows products is fantastic.Bottom line, this is a great phone if you want a digital dashboard. We are told that application performance will increase with the first major update, but this isn't a review of what is to come but what is, so right now I'm not inclined to rave about loading speeds or game performance. Of the choices for gaming phones with a Windows operating system, I do believe this to be a superior choice. I'm more impressed with the Live Tiles than anything else, though.

This is a quick review. I will try to put an update later. I brought this home yesterday from a local ATT store. Sorry Amazon: You were/are Out of Stock!Like the first reviewer (Mr. Stinnett), I too have been a Windows Mobile user for a few years. While my Windows Mobile device worked/works fine, I knew there was something better out there as far as ease of use is concerned. I have briefly owned an iPhone as well as have played with some friend's Android cell phone. They were better than my Windows Mobile. Okay, iPhone was very fluid but then Apple's Draconian control means I am going to stay away from that. I was about to switch to Android but then I saw that Microsoft was about to introduce a brand-new mobile OS and so I decided to wait. And I am very glad I waited!Okay, so here is the very early review.1) The UI (user interface) is nothing like what else is out there. The 'Tiles' are head and shoulder above the erstwhile iconic 'icons' for the 'Apps' which both Android and iPhone have. One example: I recently joined Face Book to mostly test the Face Book inside the Focus. And I love it! My friends' photos show up inside the 'People' Tile. There is probably more than that going on!2) The hardware of Focus is slim and lightweight. It still does not feel 'cheap plastic'. My ATT 'Pure' did feel cheap. But not this one.3) The screen! I can frankly say that it is so gorgeous that it beats ALL other phone screens I have seen so far.4) Battery life: Today was my first full day out with this phone. I joined the corporate WiFi, played some music during lunch break. Came home and watched a few minutes of NetFlix while on exercise bike. Plenty of battery still left. But I did not make any phone call today.5)The 'Marketplace' has at least a thousand 'apps'. Sure, they are far less than the iPhone or Droid's but how many of those are really useful? Wouldn't you say that, say, 10,000 really good and functionally varied applications are better than 300,000 'fart apps'?!6) The speaker volume is really good. In addition, the audio slot is the standard one, meaning hookup any headphone and enjoy the sound. My exercise bike has an input for mp3 players and so I was able to play audio via the bike's bigger speakers.7) Try to have a Windows 'Live' account (such as Hotmail) and then add your Face Book etc account to that. Look up 'Paul Thurrott' to get some tips and tricks. I was amazed by the seamless integration between different accounts.8) I have yet to try XBOX Live or Zune Pass etc. But I have ordered an Xbox 360 with Kinect from Amazon and so will give an update on that later.9) Still camera quality is ok but the video recording in bright sun setting is beautiful. More on that later.I know, I have been rambling a bit. But I want to stress that this phone is simply amazing. Don't buy the negative propaganda about 'too little, too late' etc, etc.I will be back soon.

I've owned several Windows mobile phones, so it came as quite a shock to me to find that the new Windows Phone 7 doesn't sync with Outlook.  You read that correctly, the new Microsoft phone OS, unlike its previous versions, does not sync with Microsoft Outlook.  That makes the phone useless to me.  I can't call anyone unless I'm sitting in front of my computer where I can look up the person's number.  How useful is that in a mobile phone?  So much for the new phone OS which is suppose to bring together your personal and work information in one easy to manage device.  I could re-enter all my key contacts into my phone.  That will take hours.  I thought this was suppose to be the phone to save me from my phone!  Why spend money on a smart phone if I'm going have to do that?The phone will sync with Exchange, so if your company uses Microsoft Exchange, you can sync your work contacts and calendar to your phone.  It also syncs contacts and calendar with Hotmail or Google, so if you keep personal contacts and calendar with either of those services, you're in good shape.  But if, like me, you use Outlook at home, the only way to move your Outlook contacts and calendar the 8 inches from your computer to your phone is to use Microsoft's Hotmail connector to sync all your personal information to Microsoft's servers out in the cloud and then sync your phone with Hotmail as well.  Microsoft apparently doesn't see any problem with that--after all, that means that they can learn a whole lot about you to target their advertising to you.  If you don't mind giving all your personal contacts and calendar information to Microsoft, you may really like this phone.I also liked syncing my Microsoft OneNote notes with my old Windows Mobile 6.5 phone.  With Windows Phone 7, OneNote mobile won't sync your OneNote notebooks directly with your computer.  It will sync with Microsoft's servers out in the cloud with which you can also sync your computer.  (Do you see a trend?)Perhaps if Microsoft gets enough push-back from consumers they may change this in a future version of the OS (perhaps, but maybe not).  Or perhaps someone will fill the void with an app of their own that you can buy (thus increasing the cost of owning the phone), but today, you'll have to (a) sync all your personal information to Microsoft's servers, (b) re-enter all the info, or (c) look for a different phone.  I'll be returning mine.A few other items some people may appreciate knowing before they buy the phone.  When you first turn on your phone, you will need to agree to Microsoft's Terms of Use for the phone.  You can find a copy at[..].  And although the documentation says you need to use Microsoft's Zune client to sync your computer with your phone, Zune only syncs music, pictures, and video.As to the hardware, the phone is nice and slim and light.  The camera is not as good as the one I had on my HTC Pure--the few pictures I took were fuzzy.  The battery life seems decent, but not having used the phone much (did I say I'm returning it?) I can't say how long it lasts under normal use.

I didn't see anyone else mention this so I'll keep my review brief to just this one point.  This phone the Samsung Focus does NOT have a micro-usb port.  It has a proprietary micro-usb port.  So you absolutely will not be able to use those extra micro-usb cords you have lying around from your digital cameras one this phone.  This is annoying at least and I find it disappointing that Microsoft forgot to make sure that every manufacturer used the same kinds of ports after they spent so much effort making sure that they all have the same minimum specs.Anyways not really a reason not to buy but if you plan on using the phone heavily you should probably pick up a 2nd cord while you order the phone so you can have one at home and another at work.

Got it just 2 days ago andI am liking it a lot so far-very lightweight,Super-AMOLED high resolution display(I am super-impressed with it),no/minimal diversion from the apps(as opposed to the case with the Android or iOS),wonderful syncing with the with Windows live,MS skydrive for Onenote and other Office packages,single-screen display shows everything(inbox,appointment,message,etc.) at one place very nicely,good(acceptable at the worst)camera with Flash,good quality 720P HD video,better music quality and interface compared to the popular Android phones.Downside-no front facing camera for video chat,no cut/copy-paste option(doesn't matter much for me though),occasional freezing while running the netflix app

I have been using the phone for about 2 weeks, and I'm positively impressed with the features of Windows Phone 7 and the phone itself.Pros:+Screen resolution and colors are amazing+Fast Response, everything loads very fast+Very intuitive to use and flawless software so far.+Voice commands are fast and accurate most of the time.+Apps offered are getting better.+I know most people complains about AT&T; but service for me has been great, and the plans offered are fair.+Facebook integration is clean and useful.+Netflix works as a charm!Cons:+Geo location in the map is not 100% accurate, jumps from time to time in the map without moving but around the zone you are.+Navigation buttons are very sensitive and when playing is very frequent to hit one of them by accident, should be an option to lock them.Windows Phone7 on a Samsung is a winner combination.

I bought this phone last week and really do like it! I am looking for a phone first and then the other features. I had originally bought the lg quantum because I wanted a physical keyboard. The phone reception on the quantum was awful. But... I did love the windows phone os! Great interface, great menus, great customization, and, above all else, extremely simple to use. Definitely on par with iPhone. Far superior to androids cluttered look and feel. Since the internet ability is secondary to me I needed a phone that was easy to turn, the data, on and off. This phone... Two clicks and you're done. I use wifi quite a bit but very little data usage. The screen is quite large therefore the keyboard is pretty easy to use. You can customize the color and look of your home screen, again, simply. Very easy to pin or unpin any app or favorite people to your home screen. The home screen is also very attractive in the way it looks. Bottom line... It looks really good. Only negatives are a lack of apps compared to android or iPhone, and you can't use your own music as ringtones. Very minor negatives compared to the positives. Oh yeah, the reception on the samsung blows away the quantum. Anyone looking for a phone first and a simple intuitive interface should definitely take a look at a windows phone. Better than android and equal to, if not better than, the iPhone. They just need to catch up app wise. But, since windows has only been out since November they are not doing too bad!

The phone quality is similar to other phones but if you are in the market for your first smart phone then you need to stay away from Windows platform! Remember the old cartoons where the character gets duped and his face turns into a sucker and a dunce cap magically appears on him when he realizes what has happened? Well, this will literally happen to you the first time you log into the market! There is no free Google Navigation, instead there is a $9.99/month app. Angry Birds? Forget about it. You can't video call with anyone who uses and iPhone or Android. The app market for Windows is pretty much empty. You have been warned!!

I had previously an iPhone 3, 3g and a Galaxy S and this is the best phone I ever had.  I have the Omnia 7, which is the European version of the Focus. It has a better design, fit and finish, but lacks the memory expansion slot.WP7 has been very criticized for its missing features, especially copy and paste, multitask and lack of apps, but the advantages surpasses the disadvantages in my humble opinion.Multitasking on the Android is its worst feature. Even with the superior Hummingbird processor, and latest firmware, the Galaxy S lags a lot, even to simple tasks, like accessing your contacts. It drais your battery fast if you don`t pay attention to the running programs. The UI is an iOS knock off, but is messier and uglier. The Marketplace has 200.000 apps. 199.990 are crap. The only thing I like about the Android is the browser and the mass storage mode.On the other side, I do like the iOS. It has plenty of quality apps and games and runs smoothly on the iPhone 4. I like the Retina display too, but the AMOLED tech is still superior and 4 to 4.3 inches are the perfect size for a smartphone screen for me.On the downside, the e-mail client, and the browsers ( Even the paid ones ) sucks, and those are the features that I use most. iTunes is the most annoying piece of software ever made. I can't` believe it's on the 10th version.WP7 is not perfect. I miss some games and programs on the Marketplace and I can`t use my Microsoft points in it. It is better that Android Market thou.  Zune integration is a lot better than iTunes, but they convert videos to *.wmv format. Those phones could run the superior MP4 format.On the top of that, the UI is superb. Elegant, beautiful, modern, really responsive and smooth. Next to it, the iOS and Android looks dated and boring. I like the e-mail client and browser experience, Xbox live integration and games, especially Rocket Riot.Microsoft had an excellent start and they promised a massive update next month. Based on my experience, I believe that iOS will continue to succeed but Android could take a major hit in a near future. The Smartphones market  changes very fast after all.

I love the large, crisp, beautiful screen. I love the new UI, it's fresh and fun to use as well as intuitive. For its height and width i think it's pretty thin and doesn't weigh as much as i would have expected.The overall system (windows phone OS and the Samsung hardware) is stable and robust. I use the phone mostly for e-mail and browsing primarily and I don't have any complaints. I like being able to switch the browser from "mobile" mode to "standard" mode for the sites that don't handle mobile browsers well.A lot of the apps i depended on in my old iPhone 3GS have equivalents in the new Samsung Focus, or the apps have been ported. The things i miss the most in my switch to this new phone: Skype/voip, Instant Messenger, Angry Birds, Evernote.The only issues i have are small things that are in the plans for future updates I hear:- better enterprise e-mail options (threaded messaging, oof messages, etc...)- I would like more frequent updates- Marketplace appstore interface is kludgy and can't search- No sockets support, I need skype!- no custom ringtones!

There have been so many reviews here already, I want to just try to tell you some differentiating details that may not have appeared elsewhere:1. I had to exchange my first Samsung Focus for a replacement because of an audio problem, after about a week of ownership. About once a day, I would lose audio output - if playing Zune, for instance, the track would indicate that it was playing (time increasing) but no output. The solution was to turn the phone off and back on again. No idea why this happened but it was intermittent, and I am the only person I know with that problem. It's too soon to tell if the replacement phone has same issue.2. The biggest problem that I envision with this phone is the hard and soft key placement. The power button really is hard to avoid when increasing volume, due to it's location. And when taking pictures it can be hard to remember which key is the power and which is the camera shutter, causing accidental turn-off. The soft keys are indeed super-sensitive, and I am constantly hitting the back button or search button with my palms, while holding the phone. I know this will be something I get used to - but it's a new issue that never happened with an iPhone, so it's a bit frustrating. I am not sure if the Focus is worse than the other Windows 7 phones, or not, so this may just be a Windows 7 thing, not Samsung.3. I had no problem with my 16GB SD card - purchased for about $22 on here. I think it was a SanDisk, and it recognized immediately (in both devices). So it is possible to have a good experience in spite of the widespread problems.I'm not sorry about dumping my iPhone for this (especially because I got it for free). But I look forward to a time when the phone has more "stuff" available for it.

Beautiful phone with great camera that takes beautiful colorful pictures.Love this phone! But you need to keep it with charged battery.

I have been toying the idea of getting a WP7 device since the operating system was announced, and so when the news came out that they werent going to come out with a CDMA device till 2011 I was really disappointed, being a Sprint customer.  Then my wife and I stopped by an AT&T; store nearby and she started playing with the Focus and fell in love with it...so needless to say, we terminated our Sprint contract and bought 2 Focus' on Amazon Wireless for a penny, which saves us alot compared to having to buy two CDMA phones off contract, when they eventually come out (my guess is February but who knows for sure.)Anyways to make a long story somewhat shorter, as I predicted we are both in love with our phones.  They are fast, the Snapdragon is a wonderful processor, they carry a charge well enough for us to get through the day, and they make 2 of our friends with Epics jealous as they still poke along with android 2.1.  As for WP7 it's ease of use is so great, you can be in it and have it set up in less than 5 minutes.  I love how the tiles let you tie everything together, like the Peoples tile, so everything is handy.I have 2 regrets, one on the phone and one on the operating system but neither one affects our love...on the phone I wish it had a notification light for messages and calls, its the one thing I miss from my HTC Hero.  On the OP, I wish there was a tile titled MAIL and when I clicked on it it would take me to a screen with all my mail accounts, instead of having to have a different tile on the front page for each.  Like I said minor things!  I'm also looking forward to cut and paste!If you are in the market for a smartphone, my recommendation is to run out and get one of these.  You will be impressed and so will your friends...oh and the other nice thing...this OP is only going to get better from here!

I've had my phone for about 7 months now. The phone has all sorts of known issues and if you try to take it into AT&T; for repair, they will say there is corrosion in the jack. In my case, the only reason for corrosion is due to a terrible phone design as I'm very careful with the phone and had it in a case.My phone drops calls, makes a weird alert noise for no reason and won't stop until I reboot the phone, turns off for no reason, has terrible battery life, can't upgrade the memory after the initial set up without losing photos etc.I will walk downstairs in my house and lose signal completely, then when I go upstairs to where I have signal, the phone doesn't pick up the signal and is basically offline until I reboot it.I hate the issues with this phone and I hate that AT&T; is selling a lousy product and then making up excuses not to fix it. Not a happy customer at all.

After a month or more of doing extensive research on Phone OS's such as Android, and the Iphone IOS... I was undecided... the last couple phones I had were Verizon Windows Mobile 6.0 and 6.5 phones (most recently the HTC Touch Pro 2 w/Verizon).  I have to say that the HTC overlay was a nice addition to the standard Windows Mobile 6.5 OS.  To put it plainly I hated Windows Mobile 6.0 and 6.5, although the HTC overlay made it usable but still clunky and slow.With that being said when it came time for me to decide on an Android phone with either an HTC overlay or the Motorola overlay (called MotoBlur) OR an Iphone 4... I was just about to buy one when my friend showed me his new Windows Phone 7 Samsung Focus.  I was immediately sold on it.  I like it better than the droid phones, one because no overlay is used, it's a stock OS that creates a standard experience across the platform.  It syncs with XBOX Live, and has numerous other built it apps and free apps available for addon.Here is the best part it's every bit as fast if not faster than the Droid phones I've seen, and the Iphone; and additionally EVERYTHING JUST WORKS.  I haven't had a single crash or error or any problems.  It is so awesome pull out your phone open an app, make a phone call, or send a text, and it just works and works fast and efficiently!A++ Microsoft on a total reversal from your previous crappy OS'sA++ Samsung on a great phone!

I don't know anything about how it works.  I got it fromm Amazon Wireless for AT&T for $.01.  All I know is I love this phone.  I switched from a Blackberry Curve 8310.  I just love the phone.

ok im not going to write much but the phone is really good its fast and has a very good camera, the speakers are loud and nice and the display is really good only bad part is that it doesnt have as many free apps as the iphone does and most apps are overpriced like you can get the same app for 99 cents in the itunes app store (of course they wont work on the phone) and in the microsoft marketplace they are 2.99 so a bit of price difference. other than that the phone is perfect for anyone .

What happened to Microsoft?I took a chance and ordered the Samsung Focus Win7 phone from Amazon. My current phone was the HTC Fuze and I liked it. It had so many capabilities, but was very cumbersome to learn how to use and using it was never easy. I got used to it after a while and really grew to enjoy and to depend on the whole smartphone experience.I had wanted to get the iPhone, but after trouble with a new iPod (160GB, Gen 7), iTunes and having my otherwise perfect, best ever computer experience with the Win 7 Asus ROG G73J laptop tainted, I was reluctant about Apple. With the new iPod, my computer freezes every time: restart and everything is perfect except iTunes and iPod. So, I couldn't get myself to order the iPhone.After two days the Samsung Focus Win7 phone arrives. A few minutes later the phone lights up. Hundreds of contacts are in. A few more minutes: numerous mail accounts are set up and running; Facebook as well. I get to put my favorite contact in the upper left hand corner with shuffling beautiful pictures. I put my favorite photo on the beautiful (!!!) 4 inch welcome screen and start messaging. And phoning and mailing and web browsing. It is all so easy and I slowly realize I enjoy the phone's feedback (little vibrations) and super rapid response.I get the free Netflix app and fire up a free streaming movie. It's amazing. I will seriously be watching movies on this thing! The sound is great. My photos are available and well organized and look stunning. I get the free IMBD app and my local theatres show up with show times and easily accessible reviews etc. I input my WIFI password and it's immediately accessible. Everything just works and it's so rapid and I'm slowly starting to realize I have something special on my hands. I shoot a couple of picts with the wonderful camera function and mail and message them so easily!I take some photos of my phone's different screens to mail my girlfriend. It's so easy to arrange everything on the phone practically and beautifully and I really enjoy showing her my new phone arranged just for me with my favorite images everywhere. (&lt;Helle3)The next couple of days I use the navigation (just works!), get the Adobe Reader and Kindle app (I will read books on this!), get the local weather for a couple of places, YouTube is running. Everything just works so easily! I talk to my phone and without fail it understands my heavy Norwegian accent and Norwegian names in my contacts list. I ask for directions in the navi app and browse the web with my voice. It all just works!This Win7 phone is so far ahead that I think it will take a while before the critics catch up and realize how good this is. Apple would have wanted to be behind this experience. How Microsoft came up with this new way of interacting with your phone is truly surprising.The Win7 way of smart phoning is transformative. This phone is so good you don't even realize it in the beginning. The Win7 software and way of phoning is a truly stunning achievement. BTW I have a pittance of Microsoft stock, but they haven't paid me to write this review. Who would have thought Microsoft could bring a product as good as this to the market?In conclusion I'd like to point out that I'm aware that this is a very emotional review and it leaves out a lot of technical details. But this phone is two steps into the future and I'd like to call attention to that. I leave it to the many other great reviews to cover technical details.Get this phone and be prepared to be stunned!.............................................................................Edit: With the Mango update, I enjoy the phone even more! :-)

I had been an iPhone user for 3 years. I live in a fringe coverage area (despite living in metro Seattle). Coverage is week for both AT&T; and T-Mobile. I got tired of my iPhone dropping calls, so I was ready to try something different and Windows Phone 7 had been catching my interest. I'm a pretty big Apple fanboy (and will continue to own MacBooks), but I have to say, I love WP7 and can't imagine going back to the iPhone. Finally a fresh take on a phone UI.The Samsung Focus is pretty great. The engadget review indicated the phone felt plasticy... it does, but still it is very solid, no creaks, very rigid. The battery life is impressive, at least as good as the iPhone. The phone is super thin and light. And of course the screen is amazing. While the DPI on the iPhone screen is slightly higher, I'll take the 4" SAMOLED screen any day. Samsung does a really good job of cramming a bigger screen on something without appreciable increasing the dimensions overall (I expect even someone with small hands would do fine with it).I have two reasons for giving it only 4-stars:- Button placement: I really like the power button on the upper right hand side of the phone. Only problem is it is directly opposite the volume button (upper left), so sometimes you can inadvertently hit both. Also, there isn't any tactile difference between the volume up/down buttons. Last, the camera button is in a place where you want to be careful not to bump it either (lower right) and I'd just as soon not have it. You at least have the ability to disable the camera button from waking the phone, which I've done.- Ear phone volume: Seems exceptionally quiet. Most of the time it is loud enough, but I feel like I'd like about another 25% boost. I also noticed this when using it for line-in on my car stereo (ended up having to crank the volume on the car stereo higher than I should)In summary despite my only 4-star ranking, I'd recommend the Focus over the HTC Surround or HD7.

I highly recommend this phone because of it's ease of use, integration with facebook, xbox, ms office, and windows live.When you turn the phone on for the first time, you can enter your facebook login and all of your FB contacts instantly import to your contacts list. All of their phone, address, and birthday info is instantly on the phone. How awesome to not have to spend hours entering all of this info. Contact lists not only show info, but recent facebook activity.The pictures hub not only shows your camera pics, but can show all the recent photos posted to facebook by your friends.The ms office apps use windows live to automatically backup your onenotes so that you can create a grocery list on your pc at home, and it is instantly synced, wirelessly, to your phone so that you have the list when you get to the store.If you buy a Zune pass for $15 a month you get to own (download drm-free) 10 tracks a month, plus you get UNLIMITED downloading and streaming of their entire music catalog. On Tuesday, when new albums come out, this is fantastic. You can download all the new music released, and delete it as you decide which ones aren't worth keeping. You aren't paying per track/album but you still get to own 10 tracks and "borrow" unlimited tracks. The best deal in the biz.Everything about this phone is effortless. For most actions and activities, you don't have to launch an app as they are integrated into the phone from the start.Later in '11, the phone will have multitasking, excel and word automatic sync, full-fledged hardware accelerated internet explorer 9 (capable of playing videos on webpages), and xbox gaming live with folks on their console (not turn by turn gaming but true real time gaming).Overall, the phone has some minor flaws that are promised to be fixed on March 8, and with a summer released update. I am already in love with this phone and I can't wait for the updates to rollout. If you are hesitant about jumping on the Windows Phone 7 train, understand that I have zero reservations recommending this phone.

I've been a Windows Mobile user for years -- partially because it was necessary to interact with various workplace based e-mail and networking programs, and partly because I always found them to be "boring, but dependable".  Windows Mobile never was the life of the party, but rather was always the responsible one that made sure that after the party was over that everything got cleaned up and everyone made it home safe.  That was the past 10 years, but times, they are a changing... the Samsung Focus has taken the boring Windows Mobile interface, replaced it with the all new Windows Phone OS and turned a boring mobile smartphone into a serious player that all of a sudden may very well be the life of the party.I was lucky enough to get my hands on a Samsung Focus early on, and I have to say that I've had a very hard time putting this phone down.  It's absolutely nothing like I've used before when it comes to a Windows phone.  The entire interface has changed, and the phone itself has went from business boring to social media connected powerhouse.One of the first things you will want to do when you get a Samsung Focus is to pop in a memory card.  The Focus is the only U.S. based Windows Phone that currently supports expanding its memory via a MicroSD card.  You'll want to do this from the get go because otherwise you will need to do a master reset on the phone to get it to pick up later.  This is because in the new Windows Phone OS the microSD is not removable -- it actually becomes part of the overall system memory and is a permanent addition to the phone (which is why its located behind the battery).  I highly recommend you pop in a 32GB card to give you a 40GB phone out of the box -- it will let you really put the phone to use storing your media and other data while not having to worry about it down the road.Next, get ready to be connected to your family, friends and social networks like never before.  One of the absolutely coolest things about this phone is how good the AMOLED screen looks.  With a  480x800 display size, the display is very crisp and the colors are almost -- well, almost true to life in many aspects.  I really didn't appreciate how well the display looked at first but once I started using the phone I was just constantly blown away at how darn well this screen on this guy looked.  The Windows Phone OS uses what I like to call "squares" or "slides" to display information, and they are constantly updating and even changing color and pictures.  Your friend just post something to Facebook?  You'll know in an instant without having to switch back and forth between a Facebook app.  New email arrive from a friend?  Boom - another square changes to reflect it.  It's really cool and you have to experience it firsthand to understand how revolutionary this type of interface is.  It let's you focus on the world around you, and not constantly have to be pecking away and fooling with the phone.  On my old Samsung Jack I was constantly switching between apps and looking at the phone -- with the Focus it's like I'm just glancing to see whats going on in my social circles and at work.  My only gripe?  In direct sunlight the display is a bit bleached, but still holds its own.  Much better than my old phone - though not as good as I think it could be or would like it to be.One thing you will want to make sure you have setup (and many of us already do) is a Windows Live or Xbox Live account.  When you first power on the phone you will be prompted for your Windows Live ID.  You don't have to provide one, and the phone works just fine without it -- but if you do provide one you are going to really unleash the power of this device.  It's what ties everything together -- your social networks, email, photos, etc.  I would highly recommend that if you are going to go the Windows Phone route you make sure that before the phone arrives you get a Windows Live account up and running if you don't have one already.Battery life is good -- not great -- and holds up comparable well to other smartphones.  The phone does a lot of synchronization via the Windows Live ID and such, so it is hitting the network a lot.  I noticed that I could get through about 1.5 days of normal usage without a recharge.  My best was 2.5 days when I wasn't checking email or using apps too much.  You'll probably want to go ahead and pick up a spare charger for the office or the car.So this thing is a phone right?  Let me tell you, the phone quality and sound through the earpiece was amazingly crisp and clear.  I've struggled a lot with my old Samsung Jack find it difficult to hear, especially when outside.  The Focus totally redefined for me what a good voice call is.  I had no problems being outside with background noise and still being able to hear and hold a conversation over the phone.  The speakerphone portion was equally crisp and loud without being tinny.Of course nowadays no phone is complete without a camera -- and the 5MP camera with LED flash that comes with the Focus takes some surprisingly good pictures.  I shot a lot of pictures of the changing fall scenery and uploaded the pictures from the phone to several photo sites.  The pictures were very clear and even low light pictures were bearable (not great, but bearable).  It is not going to replace a really good digital camera, but it can certainly hold its own in the photo world and is probably more than most folks need.  I thought the LED flash was particularly nice, though don't expect it to provide a ton of light -- and it can drain the battery, so don't get too flash crazy.AT&T; of course has their bundled apps on the phone, but they haven't taken over the phone with them as they have tended to do in the past.  On the main menu AT&T; has been very conservative and only taken up 3 of the "slides" for their use and left the rest for you to go nuts with.  I was very pleased with that, but do wish I could just get rid of AT&T; branding altogether - but at least they tried to keep a small footprint.Overall, this is a major step up in the Windows Phone world.  It's not an iPhone, but I really do think that its a good alternative for folks who don't want an iPhone for whatever reason, or for those who want to try something different.  Microsoft and Samsung have really raised the bar a bit and have created a device that is lightweight, crisp and clear, and has a darn good OS behind it.  I think once people start to us the new OS and the social features of it you are going to see a lot of other phones start to copy it because after you use it for a while you really do get to like it.  The phone is very speedy and I found that even with several apps running at once there was no noticeable lag or delay.  In a nutshell, it's more organized than an Android (in my opinion) and runs circles around the iPhone in terms of multimedia capabilities (Zune integration, XBOX Live integration, etc.)I'm very happy with this phone and look forward to getting to know it more in the coming months.  I really think that if Microsoft keeps it up they could really give the iPhone a run for their money!

I too was an iPhone user for 3 years and just bought the Focus.  I loved my iPhone but I was also kind of, well, bored with it.  It was a great phone but even with all the hardware improvements the interface was still pretty much the same and I was bored with it. Not that it was a bad interface - it was great - I was just tired of it.  I looked at Android and Blackberry but they both look a lot like the iPhone interface just messier and less refined so I had no real interest to try them out.  As soon as I saw the new Windows Phone I was blown away.  It was exactly what I wanted.  It was fresh, simple and beautiful.  And most importantly it was different.The only worry I have is the app store.  If consumers don't give it a chance and the app support never takes off then it may fail and that will be very disappointing.  Things look promising and I don't think that'll be an issue. Microsoft has put a lot of money behind this reboot of they're mobile platform and I don't think they'll let it fail. There are already over 3,000 apps in the app store and they're adding hundreds every week.Ok now about the Samsung Focus specifically.  It is the best of the WP 7 handsets by far.  The screen is great - vibrant and crisp.  The finish is pretty solid.  It's really light so when you first pick it up you think it's cheap but when you handle it for awhile you notice that it's really well made.  No creaks or bending.  The camera is amazing too.  HD video and super hi-res photos.  You can also launch the camera without unlocking the phone.  It has a dedicated camera button so it's really quick and easy.  My only gripe is the power button.  I wish it was just like the iPhone.  I don't like where it's placed and if you old it down for just a couple seconds the phone shuts off.  The iPhone had you hold down the power button then slide to shut off so you can't accidently shut your phone off in your pocket.  I wish this phone did the same.  It's not a huge problem but worth mentioning.So, If you are in the market for a smartphone - don't buy one til you at least give Windows Phone 7 a try.  It's awesome.  I also recommend the Focus over the HTC Surround and HD 7.

I recently bought the Focus with WinPhone 7.  I am very picky about smartphone technology, but I have to tell you that Microsoft has done an incredible job with Windows Phone 7.  Other than the clunky name of "Windows Phone 7", there is nothing clunky about this smartphone operating system.  It is clean, elegant, engaging, and does exactly what Microsoft claims it does:  allows you to access all the things you want to do faster; and makes the experience fun and enjoyable.  The Hub concept is really good -- much better than the iPhone's "there's an app for that" clutter.When you take WinPhone 7 and stuff it inside the Samsung Focus, you now have the best smartphone money can buy.  The Focus is a beautiful piece of engineering and is truly a joy to use.  As almost everyone on this review panel has said, the screen is gorgeous, the phone body is sleek, and the battery life is great, considering the brightness of the screen.  I am totally happy with this phone and recommend it to anyone, especially iPhone users.

I'm about to be on my third Focus. The first one I bought broke in a day. This second I've had for about 2-3 months, never dropped, always charged at night and now randomly shuts off on screen timeout. The device feels a bit flimsy but the screen itself is gorgeous. I would stay away from this device for an htc windows phone which Im hearing are having far far less quality issues. Shame really.

After reading professional and user reviews, I decided to get this phone to replace a blackberry.  I don't think I could have made a better decision.  First, this phone is absolutely gorgeous to look at - the screen is amazingly sharp and the graphics are very crisp.  Secondly, using the phone is actually very intuitive.  The way Microsoft set up the 'tiles' and menus is very creative and clever.  It took me about 5 minutes of messing around before I felt I was already completely knowledgable about how everything worked - it just makes sense!  Finally, the app store is suprisingly robust vs. what I was hearing before launch date, and the Zune music store/streaming functionality is really cool.I highly recommend this phone to anyone.

I am updating my original review.  The February 2011 and NoDo updates for the Focus Rev 1.4 were finally distributed (on July 20, 2011).  A bit late (sarcasm), but at least my phone is now current.  I've upgraded my review to 3 stars pending the Mango update--hopefully the update will distribute without delay.____________________________________________________I like the phone but there is one unacceptable flaw earning the "one star" rating:  the operating software is not being updated on the FOCUS REV 1.4 and Samsung will not say when the update will be available.There are two versions of this phone:  REV 1.3 and REV 1.4.  Most people have REV 1.3 and the NODO update has installed on their phones.  A person can't tell which REV is being purchased without removing the battery and reading the label.Until Samsung gets the NODO update ready for REV 1.4 (and hopefully does not have the same problem with MANGO), stay away from this phone.Shame on Samsung.==>I think people are missing my point.  The benefit of a smart phone is it can be improved over time via updates to the operating system.  The iPhone was far from perfect when it was first introduced but Apple has frequently updated the iPhone's operating system and now it works very well.  The Focus REV 1.4 is not being updated which means we have a first generation phone with all of the first generation problems while ALL OTHER Windows Phone 7 based phones are being improved.  If you are happy with a flawed phone or are not concerned about your phone becoming more functional, this review is not for you.  If you want your phone to improve over time, be aware of which REV you are buying BEFORE you get home.

This phone is very bad. Initially it was good, nice to see. But having issue with charging.Its beep sound won't stop until putting into vibrate.I was using this phone for last 6-7 months. Now I can't use this phone.not charging,Cannot make calls. Total dump.

My wife picked up a Focus to replace her iPhone 3G... then i had to run out and grab one as well.  It's very easy to use and i love the home screen tile updates.  And the screen is amazing. Still waiting on a few more apps to show up on teh store... but almost everything we need is out there.  love it!

In one line - I just love the new Windows OS.Finally after being few years late to get on-board with smartphone bandwagon, had to decide between iPhone and Android. I own and use ipod touch and iPad regularly. iPhone5 could be out any time, so no point going with iPhone 4. I have not been very impressed with Android when I tried it at stores and on friend's phones.  Looking at WP7 reviews, thought why not and tried it in ATT stores. HTC and  LG versions were bulk and was an outright NO. Only option was Samsung Focus. After playing around with it decided to try it. Now I do not regret.About the hardware===================- The best part is display. I walk a long distance from parking lot to office. I can read my email even in bright sun light.- The good partThe back side looks plasticky - but had no scratches so far. Looks to be some kind of high quality materialThe phone is very light weight and thinThe phone has very large displaySpeaker works great- The bad part is we do not find quality accessories like the way we get for iPhone/iPad. But I do not use screen protector or a case for the phone. So it is not an issue for me. Initially I applied a screen protector and then I removed it. The displays these days are scratch proof for normal use and the screen protectors degrade the beauty of the display.Would have been nice to have physical buttons to control - speaker on/off, mute, skip songs without going through the screen.- The worst part is battery life. This could have been an outstanding phone if not for battery life. I need to recharge every dayAbout the OS=============-- The worst part is apps. There aren't many useful apps out there. Not that I use many. But of the few I use, WP7 is not supported yet. Also my bank supports check deposit through iPhone and Android, but not with WP7 yet.--This WP7 definitely makes iOS4 on my iPad look outdated. I am hoping that Apple will come up with something radically different with iOS5. The tiles interface on WP7 is more intuitive and user friendly than what I expected it to be.--Spelling and text completion help feature is best I have seen.--Copy paste works fine.--The user interface for email reading/delete/move etc are thoughtfully created - most of the activity can be done with single hand.--Multi tasking - I do not really need this on any devise as long as I can play music while doing other stuff. So I cannot comment on this.--FM tuner works great--Zune interface for media takes little getting used to. I like the interface. But iTunes has better capabilities for creating play lists and organizing music etc. iTunes also lets us edit meta data of the music files and also use that information for creating playlists. To be fair, coming from strong iTunes background, I am yet to really explore Zune features.--My car stereo seem to sound better from my WP7 than from iPod. I need to check this further.--IE browser on this phone is definitely slower than other browsers I have seen-- I have not added micro SD card. So cannot comment on that-- The processor speed + OS combination on this phone gives best of the class UI experience - extremely fast and smooth - beating iPhone and Android phones (not that I have see all the zillion models of Android phones out there).--MS Office Onenote is a great plus. It syncs automatically across PC and phone and all other devises via Live. It is bit slow, but works fine.About other office applications like word, excel etc, I do not think I will ever use them on this small form factor except for reading attachmentsTill I see the iPhone5, if I have to buy a smart phone today again, probably I will go with Samsung focus again.

SUMMARY:  Have the device for 7 months now and it is simply terrific.  Would highly recommend it.  Brilliant screen, the OS makes it VERY easy to use and call quality has been great. While the application catalog may not be as big as others it has all the applications I needed/used.DETAILS: Been a Blackberry user for years.  My Bold died and decided to upgrade to a touch screen device.  Daughter has the iPhone and I've used it and wasn't impressed.  Decided to research Windows Phone devices and found the new user interface appealing.  I'm always one to try a new technology...to give it a shot.  Was a bit hesitant because this time I'd be locked in for 2 years but I figured "what the heck" and went ahead and ordered it.  The Amazon process was simple and quick.  The phone arrived quickly and was up and running in no time...and I mean that...it took no time to configure this thing.  It was WAY to easy! I already had a Windows Live account so those contacts just showed up on the phone, Facebook...same thing.  They just show up.  Link the contacts together and you get a really tightly integrated contact list. The OS makes it very easy to do all the things that I primarily do, Talk on the phone, read emails, send SMS txt messages.  Throw in SkyDrive and now my data is copied to the cloud and available for use everywhere. Now I need to go buy a Windows Phone for the wife as she is up for a new device.  I'm hooked.

My last phone was an iPhone 3GS, so I had pretty high expectations of this phone. I decided to take a risk and give Windows Phone 7 a shot anyway. No, it doesn't have as many apps as the iPhone (although there are plenty of apps available already, and more will come with time). However, after a month with the Samsung Focus, I have to say it has exceeded all my expectations. Windows Phone 7 is a pleasure to use and improves on the iPhone's user experience in many ways. The Live Tiles really are a time saver--I can see information like my next appointment, the weather, and the news right from my home screen without even needing to open an app. I also love the built-in music player and Xbox integration.As far as the Samsung Focus goes specifically, my only complaint is that the touchscreen is a tad too sensitive for my tastes and took a little getting used to. However, other than that, it's a fantastic phone--blazing fast, with a stunningly beautiful Super AMOLED screen that rivals the iPhone 4's Retina Display.Overall, I am a very happy customer. I don't think you can go wrong with this phone, or with Windows Phone 7 in general.

The screen is the winner for this phone.  One of the nicest I'd seen.  I really liked it, and thought that the Windows Phone OS was very well put together.  Even had a few friends switch after using it.  Unfortunately, mine has developed some kind of problem that causes it to reset frequently.  Sometimes it just resets, sometimes it loops and won't ever reset.  Tried a different SIM, tried resetting to factory defaults, nothing worked.  So, ordered a Lumia 900.So the Windows Phone OS is great, no hesitation.  This particular phone though, not so sure on as reliability seems to be an issue.  With several later models out though, why are you even looking at this model?  Apparently even Siri on the iphones reckons the Lumia 900 is the best phone out there.  :)

I wanted a phone where i could make calls, view email and the internet. This phone does all that and then some. Good music and fm radio.

I have had this phone since December 2010 and have loved it since the Windows Phone 7.5 update (mango).What works great?These are awesome and what I mostly use it for:- reading email- reading Amazon Kindle books- my calendar- swapable batteryThese work well I am surprised by how much I use them:- searching the internet with voice- driving directions- scanning bar codes for reviews and price matchingWhat does not work great?- writing email is cumbersome on tiny virtual keyboard- voice service outside of my home where I have a micro cell drops frequently- sometimes using AD2P (bluetooth stero) causes the phone to rebootIf I could change anything?- bigger screen- mini-hdmi output

OK, I have this phone for a week now.Nice colorfull display, great video/photo viewing.Super quality call features: can easily have conversation through speaker when phone in a opposite room corner.This phone is a replacement for Win mobile 6.5 BlackJack. ALL below were AVAILABLE in old phone and MISSING in a new one.First shock came when I learned that there is NO WAY TO HAVE CUSTOM RING TONE!!!.(It states clearly on a AT&T; web site, I know my fault, should read ahead of buying)Can you imagine today's smart phone not supporting custom/downloadable ringtones?Well, personally I can live without it. Not a big deal.Can't synchronize with Outlook.  Absolutely unacceptable.  Why to go through Win Live? Why to download connector. Plain stupid and ignorant to a user. (We should be thankful that it is possible at all).Very confusing multiple calendars feature. I can see my multiple calendars on a Winlive.com web site  but only main calendar on a phone. Still can't figure out how to sync  all calendars.You won't see your phone as a hard drive when connected to your computer. You won't be able to have your photos, videos and anything unless you install Zune software. You must install it. So if you are at friends house and want share picture file you should do it only through data plan or Wife. Unless  friend has Zune software.Phone will not connect to a Wifi network (your home network) unless you have SSID broadcast on. Why?!!!  I hide my SSID for security reasons, it's recommended in all instructions. Why all my neighbors should even know name of my network? Why can't I set it up once and then connect to it like I do on a PC?. Unreasonable.And finally major for me. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO REMOTELY VIEW YOUR SECURITY CAMERAS. Be aware, this OS does not support 3Gp live stream neither IE mobile support ActiveX.  Done.  Spent half a day on a phone/email  with Sharx cameras and AT&T; personal.Please note again that all above were easy accomplished with Win 6.5 phone. Now you have to install/buy separate application.UPDATE May 8 2011.After 6 months of a phone hell I can tell everybody: Stay away from WP7. Spontanious reboots and now complete frustration with first update. Microsoft has no right to release this OS in such a poor state.

This is a wonderful phone. Easy to use, looks great, feels great, and has one of the coolest music players built right in. It took some time to get used to, but once you do, it's better than any phone I have ever used. The wireless syncing capabilities are absolutely splendid. Zune is so much more intuitive, and is also 10x faster to use than iTunes. Very happy with my purchase.The only negative aspects to it are lack of apps (which will be vanishing faster than I imagined), and the fingerprint magnet screen. Other than that it's amazing. GET IT!

My wife got one of these, and now that I have had plenty of time with the phone exploring all the different aspects I can weigh in on it. Overall, the software is very impressive. The touchscreen is very reactive and the screen quality is incredible. The iPhone4 may have higher resolution, but this display is simply more impressive due to the amazing contrast which allows true black to be achieved. The tiles on the main screen work well. There is a list of apps on the second screen and you just pin ones you use the most to the main tile screen. This part I like since it looks unique and the tiles can give information right on the screen like weather and what appointments you have coming up on your calendar. All games go in the Xbox Live hub, so that is all in one place. Docs go in the Office hub, and you can open and edit word and excel sheets if you really needed to.Internet Explorer is good and fast, but I prefer how Safari renders pages so far. CNN for example, shows a large picture in Safari, in IE it is much smaller. Speed-wise there is no difference surfing the web that I saw on WiFi or over 3G. Bing Maps is amazing. It is noticeably better than Google maps as the maps load fast, scroll, and zoom in and out quickly. I have always preferred Google for a search engine, but I am starting to change my stance on that as they have upped their game since Bing was first released. The Bing integration on this phone is excellent. I love how you can do 1 search and choose between News, Web, and Local results. The Local option is great for finding stores and restaurants. I wish they would add one more results screen for images though. In order to get Bing image results you have to go into IE and pull up mobile Bing. The Bing voice search works okay, but it's not up to Google's recognition abilities which are the best. The keyboard text input on the WP7 is excellent and on par with iPhone.The Zune marketplace which has both apps and music, works well and has one feature I love. Each app has a "try it" button for the trial version, so you don't need to search separately for a "lite" version like in the Apple app store. The only issue with the marketplace is the freezing. Many times the phone will freeze while in the marketplace and require a reboot. The upcoming update is slated to have marketplace enhancements so I assume this will be addressed.Inside the apps, they all have to follow the WP7 design language and flow, and I have to say it works very well. It makes it very familiar when you go into an app to know to swipe to see the next screen. It makes getting around extremely fast with everything you use. In general, the iPhone's apps have an icon/button-based navigation approach, whereas WP7 has a swipe screen approach with a top screen navigation bar that shows what screen you are on.Overall, this OS is extremely slick. That is the best word I can use to describe it. The thing is just plain beautiful and elegant with how it looks and navigates. As cool as the iPhone once looked, after using WP7 for a while then going back to the iPhone, I have to say it looks a little stale. However, the iPhone allows a ton of flexibility in how you organize things and the number of apps just blows away wp7, as to be expected. I did see a promising statistic on that front though: WP7 has hit 6000 apps in just 3 months, a number which took Android 6 months to accomplish, so apparently developers are excited about WP7s future in apps.

I Just bought the phone yesterday and everything is great so far. I'm satisfied with the colors, interface, and sound. Even the Windows Marketplace (app store)has a considerable selection of free and for pay apps and games now. My only issue with the phone was the interface with the microsd card requiring you to format the phone before it would initialize the card but other than that I would recommend this phone and even the WIndows OS to anyone wanting a fast phone with alot of nice features

I have had the Samsung Focus for well over a month now and I absolutely love it. Let me preface that statement by saying I owned a Samsung Blackjack II prior to it, so I had not been spoiled by any touchscreen phones. The Focus is so easy to use and beautiful to look at. Microsoft has created an OS that is at the same time aesthetically pleasing and extremely efficient at the same time. Its 4 inch Super AMOLED screen is gorgeous and perfect for watching videos and playing games on. The phone is fast and responds quickly to selections. Nearly everything is intuitive and user-friendly. GPS is accurate and works wonderfully when used by the apps.Cons:1) Marketplace crashes often  ***FIXED WITH RECENT NODO UPDATE***2) Micro-SD card issues - upgrade memory at your own risk for now3) Internet Explorer works great but does not support flash right now, this should  be rectified in the fall of 2011 (hopefully) with IE94) Slick phone, you will want to protect it with a cover/caseHere are some apps that I have downloaded from the marketplace that I find useful (all are free and well-reviewed):Adobe ReaderAmazon KindleAmazon.comBigOven - recipesCraigslist deLUXE LiteFlixsterGasBuddy - find the cheapest gas prices near youIGN - video game site w/reviews, videos, etc.Netflix - works wonderfully, videos look amazing on phone, fast streamingPro Sports Scores - live tile feature, keep track of a game on the tileLazyWorm Youtube - bar-none the best YouTube app, HD videos show up as HDShazam - ever wonder what the name of that song is and who performed it?ShopSavvy - scan barcodes w/camera for price comparisons and reviewsTuneIn Radio - this is an AMAZING free radio app, all streaming, no need for  antenna...includes stations all around the country, as well as podcasts!Windows Phone 7 News - keep up w/all the recent announcements and news for WP7, believe me you'll check it every day.Closing comments - I am still excited about this phone after having it over a month. I find myself spending more time on it than the computer and HDTV/PS3. It's that much fun! If you are new to the touchscreen phone scene, you will NOT be disappointed.04/24/2011 UPDATE - finally received the NoDo update which brought a few extra features which probably should have been there from the get-go such as copy/paste function and better Marketplace search. Downloading and installing the updates were a pain I must admit. Took 5 hours of error messages and update freezes, but once I downloaded the Windows Phone Support Tool as Microsoft's suggested last resort I was able to properly update. I hope Microsoft learned from this. I would like to reiterate the phone was perfectly usable before this and still love it 3 months after purchase!

the only thing holding this phone back is at&t service. everything is smooth the battery lasts an entire day even with heavy use. call quality could be better but that could be the cell service

I'm a former IPhone user and just got so bored with it and wanted something different.  I researched WP7 for months and thought I'd give it a shot.  WOW!  This thing is like no other phone on the market.  How it incorporates web based and local media is genius and seamless.  The contrast and the screen makes everything pops!  I don't miss the Iphone whatsoever.  This is the most fluid and fastest OS on the market.

This phone is beautifully designed, the graphics are modern, chic, and impressive--love that,, the ease of scrolling and going to applications is amazing, Its very easy to use and figure out... The video takes great HD video, the camera is good in daylight, in dark, at night, its not great, hit or miss, alot of my pics come out too flashed and white....The music player is amazing, nicely designed, download your songs to zune then import to your phone, photo of artist pops up.. Zune lets you sample whole albums without even purchasing which is a great feature.The cellphone itself is not 100% clear, Dissapointed in this, it sounds a bit muffled.The apps- not a whole lot of apps and i notice alot of websites i use that have phone apps do not have a windows one.The biggest downside is it does not play ANY adobe flash at all-- this stinks,,The battery life SUCKS,, after 3 hours it was dying......I wouldnt reccomend this phone, i may return for an android.

As these things often go -- purchased a Samsung Focus (New Windows Phone 7 device) at AT&T; to replace my BlackBerry 9700. Suspect that will be the end of the line for BlackBerry and me. I have only had the device for about a half-day and really haven't tested it in the real world (battery, call quality). Since the monthly data fee (about $30) was the same for BlackBerry or WP7 -- I decided to grab a WP7 device.I chose the Samsung Focus largely because it had a 4' screen (the whole design is similar to Samsung's Galaxy S series that they've been successfully adding to just about every carrier).I chose Windows Phone 7 because I think Microsoft is going to fight like hell in this market space. I'm also very curious to see what they eventually do with the OS. This probably won't be my "daily driver" -- but rather a way for me to continuously evaluate what I see as the big three platforms going forward: iPhone, Android, Windows Phone 7.Windows Phone 7 has no relation to the old Microsoft Windows Phone OS. It's completely re-designed.So far I'm pretty impressed by the speed and overall UI. From what I understand Microsoft mandated a certain level of processor and memory so that cheap phones wouldn't degrade the WP7 experience. In my opinion this was a good choice. Granted I haven't used the Samsung Focus that long but there's a very comparable speed match between this and iPhone and/or Android.The things that are obviously missing are somewhat the same things that iPhone and Android initially lacked in their first release or two of the OS:- Applications. The ones available are either the half dozen top apps (Twitter, Facebook) that I suspect Microsoft heavily incented developers to crank out or the applications are the bizarre ones (super fart HD) that developers rush to make figuring that if they're in the app store quickly they can at least make some fast money. For example the Twitter app is what I'd term 1.5 -- it's slow, lets you view your own Twitter lists but not anyone else's. The Facebook application is missing Places (a relatively new addition) and is confusing to find the notifications.- Notifications on the phone are clearly a work in process. The "dashboard" where you view all the main items will show indicators of new items (mail, sms) however I prefer Android's pull down notification bar that also tells you a bit about what's waiting for you. There's no native integration of Microsoft Messenger which I think is an omission on Microsoft's part given the speed at which trendy apps that don't require SMS (KiK, etc) are gaining a toe hold. Hopefully Microsoft will integrate a Messenger chat client in the next release.- On thing that is really cool is you can "pin" almost anything to the front menu -- I especially like that I was able to create a "shopping list" (simple text file) in One Note and by long pressing I can pin it to my main screen. Pretty cool -- and yeah it's simplistic but I suspect there are more than a few people that will appreciate the simple stuff. I've bought more "to do list" apps that I'd care to publicly admit -- and honestly the simple act of keeping a text file is nearly as good as the more complicated to do apps.- I'm a heavy Google Apps user and by making use of Google Sync (which I also use on the iPhone) I'm able to get push email, contacts, calendar. It's not as simple to setup (though not unreasonably difficult) as Android -- but so far seems just about as fast to deliver/sync. Deleted items go to the Archive bin -- as most Google Mail users want them to.- The web browser is surprisingly bad - and by bad I don't mean it's slow -- because it's just as fast as the iPhone or Android. But the problem is that it uses older technology that doesn't yet fully display all web sites. For example I read the web site Techmeme.com for upcoming tech trends. The page renders beautifully on iPhone and Android -- yet on WP7 the page doesn't allow me to click on all the tabs. I hear it's because WP7 doesn't yet use HTML5 as a standard which most browsers now fully support. I'm looking for this to be a very high priority fix in a future OS release.I'm still struggling with certain things like why all my phone numbers haven't sync'ed from Google Contacts (I use separate phone fields to hold special numbers that my Google Voice account recognizes as direct dial numbers).I'd also like to see much expanded integration of the people section so that Twitter and LinkedIn could somehow be incorporated. Right now the WP7 OS does a great job integrating Facebook but not much in the way of Twitter.Microsoft seems to have nailed the foundation for Windows Phone 7. It's impressive. There's a long way to go -- however I think (hope) that mobile OS is high on Microsoft's "Get it right" list -- and that we'll see many updates issued at regular intervals.

Great phone and os.  Superfast and super bright screen with deep blacks and bright colors.  No better phone on the market today.

I am using Samsung focus. It's really a nice phone and the OS is very fast as compared to IPhone. But still there are lots of features missing in Samsung focus:1) No video calling2) No messenger introduced officially3) No back and forward button in IE. ( Lunch and open any website and the click on various links on website. Then click the windows button to go to Home screen. Again go to IE and then click the back button on phone. It will take to home instead of previously visited website.)4) Limited third-party apps availability5) No multitasking6) No copy/paste7) No music player equalizers.8) Can't drag the music further.9) No sign of free Bing maps Navigation so far10) Officially there is no memory card lunched for this phone.11) Can't create the contact based on contact type. For Ex- if a person has 2 cell phone numbers then you will be able to store only one cell phone number based on category. 2nd cell number you have to store in work or home category. In iPhone there is an option to create your own category.12) Can't take the back up of software's install on phone.

Pros:- Live tiles UI are great- Bright LCD screen- Excellent integration with facebook- Integration with xbox live, zune, officeCons- Not a lot of 3rd party apps- Copy/paste, multi-tasking missing, butboth these should be fixed with the next update (early 2011).

I have been using this phone since December and absolutely love it. It is my first smartphone ever and I am more than satisfied with the Wp7 OS and display quality. Just love the Metro UI, it is so intutive and fun to use.XBox live integration is also awesome, looking forward to MANGO.

I bought 2 of these for me and my wife. I like the straightforward way of changing the home page and getting it uncluttered to suit my preferences. The Windows system has been updated to 7.5. I thought it a bit kludgy to have to get a temp subscription to Zunes to get the download, but I survived. I just have to unsubscribe (two free weeks) soon. I use this for phones and texting at the moment. I am not a fan of TV via Netflix on this device since I bought a 47" TV for that. The phone reception is very good, even modest coverage in the basement. Voice quality seems good. I think the ear volume could be a bit louder.I am not into all the apps at this time, though I find it hard to believe that an OS that has 200,000 apps available is a better deal that another that has 40,000. How can you possibly have so much free time as to flow through all that sw and choose the 'just right' ones for you? How many compass programs are there and how different can they be from each other?I have not done extensive battery tests but it seems to hold up well with longer calls (45 minutes or so) without too much drain on the meter. Seems to hold up longer than my older clam-shell.Not too much testing with the camera but the screen shows a good representation of the photos. Flash seems to work well.

Pros:Love the UI for WP7Great screen (very bright and crsip)Great integration for Zune.  Hard to beat really (those that doubt this point should actually use it..)Very light and stylish phoneCons:No h/w instant vibrate (need to lower the phone volume down all the way)Outlook app removes new mail notification after each opening rather than decrementing the # of unread messages :-(Few 3rd party products at the moment (though this is changing).Overall, great product and I'll be picking up another one for the wife shortly.

Before this phone, I used an Iphone 3gs and Samsung Captivate. This phone blew them out of the water. Super fast and responsive, I am impressed that microsoft was able to create such a smooth OS on the launch. This 1ghz hummingbird processor is fast and it handles heavy graphics extremely well, and the super amoled display is just gorgeous! Once you go super amoled you will never go back. Battery life isn't the best in the world, but even though i am a heavy user, this phone still has at least 5% battery left at the end of the day. I definitely recommend this phone.

What can I say but this phone rocks.  Mango made this phone even better... Yes there are better windows phones on the market today but for the cost you cannot beat this phone.

Replaced my old Samsung Captivate. I use this as a multimedia and communications device and it has yet to fail me. Syncing 4 emails with it, listening to music/podcasts, and watching movies on it all the time. Screen is unbeatable and has in my opinion, the best mobile device UI. Smooth, functional, and beautiful. Have owned for 3 months. No problems.

There are already some great lengthy reviews here so I'll stick to some basics. The 4" Super AMOLED display and the WP7 OS is like marriage made in heaven. The blacks are so black that you really think its the phone bezel, making those Live tiles stand out even more. The colors are so rich and vibrant that even compared to the iPhone's 4 "retina display" the Focus comes out on top. The eye candy of WP7 married to Samsung's screen really is a sight to behold. And the actual touch interface is lightning quick, with multi-touch and pinch to zoom buttery smooth. As an iPhone owner for the last 3 years, I can confirm that the touch interface is faster and snappier on the Focus. Something I never dreamt possible just 6 months ago when the iPhone 4 came out.The tiles (or hubs) you see in pictures really don't do justice to how they actually look. These tiles are Live meaning they are always pushing info to the front, making the phone feel alive. For example the Weather Channel app always has the correct weather displayed right on your home screen. Its really convenient as you don't have too click on the app, and wait for it to load just to see the temp. The Zune hub tile animates with the pic of the last artist you heard and the People hub tile displays multiple random pics of your contacts. Its little things like these that really set apart the WP7 OS from the rest.Also as a tip, you can't just throw any and all micro sd cards in the Focus for performance issues. But I can vouch for the Kingston 32GB Class 4 card. Works like a charm. Remember to back up your phone when installing the card as it will require a hard reset that will wipe your data. Hope this helps.

I had to say that Microsoft has done a fabulous job with new Windows Phone. Its refereshing UI beats IPhone & Android hands down. I was an I phone user for 3 years but no going back. MS is going to update the OS this fall & with Nokia on board I dont see why Mircosoft cannot be on top.

I love this phone! Everything that I've put on it or played on this phone has been over the moon! Everything has been fast to load and it's quicker than my laptop. It also connects to the wifi with very little effort. - One issue with that is that it can't allow to connect to two networks that have the same name without changing the settings. Should allow you to rename those places to allow you to connect without having to change settings.Love the ability to upload my music! Issue - can't set a song as a ring tone. Or at least I haven't figured that out yet.The biggest issue that  I have is that you can't change the volume settings. Say you have your music at the 25 setting. That means your ringtone is that, you alarm volume is that, your key stroke tone, notices of any sort are that volume. I would love to have my music loud and also be able to turn down the keystroke tone. Or have the alarm loud and yet the ringer not as loud. There is no changing the volume of the different noises individually which I would love to do. ... Maybe I haven't figured that out yet. Had it about 2weeks. If someone knows how to make this change please let me know.Other than those things, I love that I can sync my music. Also really like the large icons as well as the list of all areas of the phone. Although was concerned about the syncing with Facebook. It took everything that I had on FB and merged it with my phone. All my photos and albums are now on the phone. Games on this phone are very cool. The color is phenomenal.I found it to be much better than the iphones. Easier to navigate and with the bigger screen... GREAT!

I've had a first gen iPhone, a iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4. I've been contemplating getting this phone and then took a chance with a return in the worst case. Firstly the motivation was I was consistently dropping calls on the iPhone (1 in 3) despite a Microcell. In worst case I could return it and revert to the iPhone. I'm glad I got this for several reasons.PROs- Home screen gives me a great overview without having to go to the apps.- I'm a Zune subscriber I can listen to anything I want on my XBOX, any PC, any Zune I have and my Windows Phone even on the road thing of an artist or album or song and I can play it fully without any further purchase. Likewise my family can too. About $15 a month and I don't have to worry about moving songs around on all these devices.- Hardware acceleration with XNA will provide true XBOX game experience in 3D and I think there will be a wealth of games.- The user experience is truly amazing, I love the transition effects and I'm not going through screen after screen of apps looking for what I want.- Search is context sensitive. For example, if I'm listening to songs hit Search and I can search music, if I'm in the browser it will bring in web results, if making a call it searches contacts.- Voice recognition works amazing, bring up search say United Flight 208 and it brings up the flight details, delays, gate number etc.- I think there is too much hype and indoctrination and I've stayed neutral on assessing this phone. I got one for my wife too who is very technically unaware and she loves it.- The AMOLED screen from Samsung is simply gorgeous, I've yet to see better on any phone.CONS.- Despite the fact there are many choices of hardware and you can select a better Windows Phone the picture quality could be better.- As a Samsung Focus, despite the fact it looks sleeker and cooler than a iPhone, it will take some skills to convince your friends you have a better phone.- There is a lack of professional apps such as Zagat but these are in the works and in 3 months most professional apps will be available since this phone has been on the market for about three months.Overall, I am convinced I've come out of a brainwashing experience and been open minded to try this phone out, since screen clarity was important and a new user experience was important and music was important and I have not regrets in my purchase of the Samsung Focus. My iPhone 4 will go on Ebay.With iPhone I was dropping a lot of calls with this and on the same carrier AT@T I'm dropping no calls.

At first, this was the best phone I had ever owned.  Then, after 2 months (after the return period at AT&T;), it started rebooting spontaneously, every other day.  The condition has deteriorated, to the point that it reboots six times a day.  I can tolerate restarts, but the phone actually loses text messages and calls.  Several times, I've had the phone reboot upon receiving a text message, and when the phone restarts, the text message is gone.  Since I need my phone for criticla business, this loss of data and data corruption is unacceptable.  The phone is worse than useless.Searching the Internet, I find that many others have had the same problem, and there is speculation that the problem is caused by a faulty Samsung power management driver.  This is not happening to other WP7 devices.  I wish I had purchased a different phone.The next batch of bug fixes may fix the problem, but it has been delayed multiple times, with the latest official word being "last half of March".  I'm not holding my breath.  If the bug fix ever comes, and if my phone ever starts working properly, I will update this review.  Otherwise, I strongly recommend that you stay far away from this phone and buy a different WP7 device.

WP7 is really, really good!  Don't listen to the complaints about the Marketplace.  You'll have to look at the quality of the apps that are on the Marketplace.  There's really only two apps that I use... Facebook and Twitter.  I did use Pandora a lot on the iPhone but cannot find it in the MP.PROS:- very nice and elegant UI.  And the AMOLED screen is really beautiful.- the Zune interface is waaaay better than itunes/ipod- the OS is simplistic but seamless.  each app works the same way- live tiles!- the people hub with facebook integration is awesome- the Calendar app with Live integration is very good and instant- everyone else has an iphone (i choose to be different)- the screen is big and amazing- the sound is louder than the iphoneCONS:- no universal inbox (although you can pull almost all your email to gmail, so in a sense, there's no use of a universal inbox)- no multitasking.  i would like to listen to slacker (since there's no pandora) and do something else- no real back button on internet explorer.  if i'm on a page and then exit out to check mail, and then go back to ie, i'm stuck on that page.  i cannot go back, and if i do press the back button, i just go back to my previous app- the video is stuck on vga.  you'll have to keep changing it back to 720p- no uploading of videos- no personalized ringtones!- plasticky phone. it doesn't feel premium at all like the any of the iphones- the headphones that came with it are cheap.  i was hoping for the premium headphones that came with my Zune 2- i'm on a Mac and right now, there's no Zune integration.  The WP7 connector for Mac sucks!!!All in all, most of my gripes are software related and am sure will be fixed soon.  The plastick feeling when handling the phone sucks.  But i'm overwhelmed by the speed of the UI/OS.  This is an awesome phone!

I was previously using an IPhone 3g, which I was happy with until upgrading to IOS 4, so I decided to give Samsung Focus a try.  Overall I am very pleased with the phone.Pros:* Awesome screen* lightweight* Instant (nearly) on camera.  I often want to take pictures when I am out hiking or biking.  Being able to get to the camera w/o having to unlock phone, navigate to the phone app, launch it and wait, is a real joy.  I missed many shots with my IPhone because of that.* Good battery life (Although I am not a big talker, but I do use the phone for data much of the day - with wifi and gps turned on).* Zune Pass - a must for any music lover.* App Store (Has most of the apps I used every day on my IPhone and the number of apps is growing quickly)* The UI is very fluid and the screen transitions are just right.* Really like the email app.Cons:* Ear buds - Do not like the way they fit.  I preferred the buds on the IPhone.* Market Place - it is adequate, but it does not allow you (yet) to search by category.  Fortunately there are other websites that allow you to do this.

I received the Samsung Focus as a Christmas present from my wife. At first "touch and feel" I loved it. Great touch phone with easy navigation. Monday, after Christmas I called AT&T; tech support with, what I thought was a simple question. How can I sync my 350+ Outlook contacts and calendar from my PC to my phone? The answer was...you can't.  Microsoft does not support active sync with mobile 7. Samsung technical support confirmed this fact. This is like buying a beautiful car that has no wheels.When I returned the phone to the AT&T; corporate store, the salesperson also confirmed this MS flaw in Mobil 7.Would advise anyone who frequently updated their Outlook, contacts and calendar on their PC and wants to sync them, DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. The internet is loaded with complaints about this problem.[...]

I am happy about my Focus and the Windows Phone 7 operating system.It's slick and light, there is absolutely no delay when navigating between screens.About sync'ing your contacts: someone said he asked the support and said it's not possible. That's not true. You can sync your contacts from outlook but not directly. You need to have a Windows Live ID account. It's a free account anyone can do which Microsoft requires in order to use all the online services.I don't think it's a big deal.Here's a link from Microsoft support website how to do this: [...]About other problems: No phone or operating system is perfect. Not even the iPhone.This phone and OS were release less then 1 year ago!The next version of the OS called Mango is coming in the next month which will bring A LOT of new features.I am happy with my Focus and what Microsoft is doing with the mobile phone OS.I am really looking forward for the next OS release, Mango.

First of all I am a former iPhone user, and I had no problems with the iPhone, it just worked.However, the Samsung Focus has so much more to offer with the built in Office Suite, and Outlook apps.  Email syncing was a breeze.  This phone is quick and responsive with a fantastic screen that is very accurate to the touch.  Windows was smart to jump on with Netflix right away, as this is a major limiting factor with all Android's as they signed a contract with Blockbuster for now...Streaming media looks great and does not lag at all.  The start menu format was a great idea and the order of apps is completely customizable much like the iPhone.  The physical feel of the Samsung Focus is more appealing to me that the iPhone, as the iPhone feels too small and too heavy for a device of its size.  I fell in love with the speaker phone, it is one of the most crisp I have heard in a long time.If you are on the fence about this device, I would say give it a try at your local AT&T; store and you will most likely make the switch to the Windows.

easy and delightful to usefacebook integration: fb activity is part of your "people" hub, you dont have to look up facebook.  the phone tells you that something is being updated on the starting screen.  you have to see it to see how it works.neat things like: when you touch the address component in a calendar entry or a contact address, bing maps swoops open and takes you straight to that address on the map.  the transitions are cool.  get directions in a second.great music browsing, unlimited listening with zune.  explore different music genres at your leisure.  zune pass gets you 10 downloads that you will own, per month.  you can listen to zune music while using the phone for other things.cloud syncing with one note is practically instantaneous.  acces windows live skydrive.plenty of room to sync all your pictures.the samsung focus has nice big very bright screen but feels very light.as far as any lacking features in the software, remember that microsoft will push updates to the operating system so that 6 months from now, it will actually have new capabilities, and will evolve over time without buying a new phone.  this is possible because of the uniformity of the release ie: all windows phone 7's have the same exact operating system.email is neat: can quickly checkmark and delete multiple emails.downsides: it is hard to identify anything right now. copypast apparently will be added early next year.

Just want to bring out some quirks that are not seen on the prior reviews.. I mainly want this phone to make phone-calls well, make messaging easier, get my e-mails, and sync with my ical calendar from 2 computers. I have been a blackberry user, and didn't want to get the bb torch due to the high levels of radiation it emits.Overall very nice phone, but cannot sync it with my imac or MacBooks without having to go through microsoft exchange. WIndows 7 phone connector which is supposed to make this sync work is a joke. It only synced multimedia stuff. One of the third party softwares I tried could not sync this phone via usb connection or bluetooth. Bluetooth found the phone, but would not sync data.I had bought this phone due to this one of the smart-phones that gives out the least amount of radiation.  Looks like I might need to change it due to the above quirks. Of course, if you are a windows user, you may not notice any of these quirks.

I've been an AT&T; customer since 1999 and have no complaints with their service. This is my first smart phone and am generally pleased. So far I have found it pretty intuitive and much easier to navigate than the LG Shine it replaced.. Some form of a Windows Live account is required as is the zune software. I was weary of this requirement, one of the reasons I didn't go iPhone is my dislike of iTunes. But the zune software works pretty well and syncs to the device without problem. I did have some problems with zune not importing all my songs, finally solved the problem by using the MediaMonkey tag management tool to sync tags and then all showed up in zune.  I'm still getting used to the onscreen keypad, for me it works better with a stylus.What I like:The Screen (bright, sharp, really nice looking and can even see it outside), Very responsive touch screen, easy to arrange tiles to suit your personal needs, easy to connect to wifi & bluetooth, great media player, handles voice commands pretty accurately, thin, light weight for a rather large device, battery life seems decent.Not so much:1. Plastic case seems a little flimsy, (I hold my breathe when popping off the back hoping one of the little plastic tabs doesn't break off)and once its snapped back seems to have a lot of give. A gel case cover solves the cheap feel. A Mfg design that I have to live with.2. Camera... pictures not great using default settings and its a huge problem that you can't save custom settings, reverts to default every time you start the camera, I downloaded a bar code scanner app that is worthless because at default settings the image is not sharp enough for the app to read the barcode.3. Can't add custom ringtones, limited to those noises that come with the phone.4. SD card compatibility issue, seems to be hit or miss, so you may be stuck with the onboard 8GB.5. Won't find many accessories for it in Brick and Mortar, but Amazon and other websites carry whatever you need.I don't know who is responsible for issues 2,3,4 but hopefully a firmware update will address these.

** Update 6.19.2011 **I have gone back to using an iPhone 4.** Update 5.19.2011 **I had to downgrade my rating from 5 stars to 2 stars. Yesterday morning, I received an text message from AT&T; that I had gone over my data limit (200MB).  This is strange since I have WiFi on all the time, however, upon closer inspection, I saw that the phone had been chunking through large amounts of data for the past few days, at the same time on three nights in a row.Here's a link: [...] (pic)I called AT&T; and was told to turn on WiFi (it was already on). I was then asked what apps were running but it was at the home screen, so none were running. I contacted Windows Phone Support via Twitter but there was really no explanation except to make sure all third-party apps are closed (none were open). I was told that when the phone is sleeping, WiFi is turned off so all data goes through 3G.  This would not have been a big deal except it was chunking through a HUGE amount of data at the same time each night.Kudos to AT&T; for handling the return and waiving the restocking fee. I am quite sad because I liked this phone a lot but if the phone will randomly chunk through a large amount of 3G data, even with WiFi turned on, then I need to look elsewhere. As an anecdote, I owned an iPhone 3G and 4, and never had an issue with data overage like this. I've also heard this was part of the "yahoo mail bug" but I don't use Yahoo mail.--Ok so I think I should start this review off with an anecdote. After my last experience with the iPhone 4, I decided it was time to trade-up/trade-in for another handset. I've owned the iPhone since the 3G model was released in July '08 and even stood in line to get it. Last July, my lovely wife and I upgraded and purchased brand new iPhone 4 for each of us. We were thrilled with the capabilities and FaceTime, and had relatively few issues with reception in our area (Los Angeles). Over time, I had some minor issues with the phone and had to visit the Apple "Genius Bar" twice for each of them. The first time was for a dead pixel in the CMOS camera, very simple exchange. However, this last time I was in there for issues with my home button, I was treated so poorly by their condescending tech bar that I did not want to go back to their store for service again. I know there are people who just love, worship Apple but I find their tech counter to be rude and unhelpful.  That's my experience and opinion, and it certainly takes away from what was otherwise a nice smartphone. I sold the iPhone 4 to a friend who wanted one and decided to switch to a Windows Phone. To be clear, I do not consider myself a "fan boy" of any one device or platform--I own a Mac, a PC, an iPad 3G, and [now] a Windows Phone.  That said, here goes...I've had really good customer service at my local AT&T; shop so purchasing it there was not an issue. I would have bought it through Amazon, however, I needed to buy it at the "no commitment price" since I had already used my subsidy for the iPhone 4. The young ladies who work there showed me all of their phones.  One reason I did not go with Android is I did not care for the type of OS or the ecosystem. A few friends have Android phones, most love them but I just did not find any that I particularly liked--I looked at the Atrix 4G as well as a few others, just didn't like them.  No major reasons except that it was personal preference.Display: I read a lot of reviews on the Windows Phone and update issues non-withstanding, I was particularly taken with the large OLED display of the Focus. Coming from an iPhone 4 with a Retina display, the screens could not be more dissimilar.  First, the OLED has perhaps the most rich contrast I've ever seen.  However, the Retina is definitely a bit sharper than the OLED.  That said, the OLED is (for me) a bit easier to read in daylight when on black background. I noticed this with the (Amazon plug here!) Kindle App on the iPhone vs. Focus.  Reading on the OLED display is definitely easier than on the iPhone 4, not because the Retina isn't sharp but because the OLED has far better contrast.  You wouldn't think this makes a big difference but I noticed it was easier to read my phone when dialing numbers or writing SMS messages.  This is all personal opinion and experience so your mileage may vary.  My wife loves her iPhone 4 but concedes that the contrast on the OLED display is a nice trade-off from the Retina.  Moving on....Software Support:  The Zune software is chimp-simple to install on Windows 7. I run iTunes, Zune, and WMP12 and can say that iTunes on Mac is a lot more refined experience than it is on Windows--it's clunky and slow even on an i5 with 8GB of RAM.  The Zune software flies and instantly grabs unprotected content from the iTunes folder.  I've never run it before so installing it and syncing with the phone was a new experience.  Compared to running iPhone + iTunes, the Zune + Windows Phone 7 experience and the learning curve involved is really the same. However, I must point out that there is one thing I discovered that you can do on the Windows Phone 7 with Zune that Apple has yet to implement --> "Wireless Syncing"  When you are charging your Windows Phone in the living room, and open Zune software on your PC, it will check approximately every 15-20 if there are any changes. I have literally been adding content (music, movies, and yes APPS!) to my Windows Phone via WiFi instead of tethering to the computer.  It's a killer feature that I wish my iPad had.Call Quality: I had the perfect scenario to test for call quality. A friend from out of the country called yesterday and we spoke for about thirty minutes. He said he could hear my loud and clear both on the phone and with the speakerphone on. No issuess with either one.  One thing I will mention is that the sensor that tells the phone to shut off the screen when you are talking on it (Proximity Sensor in Apple-speak) seems to respond better to my ear than my iPhone 4 did.  I'm not saying there was anything wrong with the iPhone 4 but I did nottice it was fussy about how I held it to my ear.  I had it happen on each phone I had, even after a reformat, nothing changed.  The Samsung Focus has not yet had this issues and I've clocked over two hours of talking on it.  The screen has not turned on yet, no face-dialing either.Battery life:  The battery is about what I expected it to be....charge every night.  Nothing different than my previous iPhone 4 I'm afraid.  You are, however, unable to turn off 3G service on the Samsung Focus to save battery.  I presume this was an AT&T; decision rather than a Microsoft/Samsung decision simply for mangaging capacity issues on their network.  This is conjectural but it would make sense.  I would have liked to have the option but thus far reception hasn't been a problem.  The phone will fall-back to EDGE if 3G service is unavailable.Music/Video: Bright and pretty.  I'm warming up to the Zune experience slowly but if you can use the iPod app on the iPhone or iPod Touch, it's nothing you can't figure out. Moreover, it's much more graphically pleasing with windows rotating and flying around.  The phone also came with a pair of in-ear headphones that look similar to my Apple in-ear headphones that I got as a gift--they allow you to change the volume, mute, answer, etc.  Audio quality is pretty decent, I was listening to some of my old MP3s on it and the phone sounded great.  I'm sure audiophiles will pinpoint differences but to my untrained, amateur ear I found it to be as good (if not better) than my iPod Nano in terms of sound quality.Camera/Video: The camera is beautiful, takes 5MP shots with Wide Dynamic Range (option is off by default).  Flash, Sepia, and just about every imaginable configuration and customization you could want. The video at 720P looks the same as it did on my iPhone 4.  I haven't seen a comparison video yet but I'm sure someone has posted (or will post) one soon.  Word of warning: the flash is SUPER bright so blinding your subject is a factor to consider when taking closeups.  The phone uses a dedicated Camera button which has 1/2 click and full click functionaltiy just like a regular digital camera.  1/2 click for focus and center, an full click to take the picture.  It does not require a whole heck of a lot of force to snap a shot, it would easily replace a digital camera point and shoot.  One thing I learned is that settings in the camera app do not save--I thought this was a bug--however, after a quick search on the Internet, it turns out this is by design so that when you take snapshots, the settings are predictable and you don't have to go back and re-adjust everything.  The thing I like is that Anti-shake is on by default but 720P for video is not.  I agree with the predictability factor but it would be nice to make those changes myself.Capacity: 8GB standard. I have not yet filled up the phone and use an iPod nano for walking and what not but time will tell if I need to upgrade it.  I have read that it is not meant to upgrade without being formatted--again, by design. The memory card is "integrated" rather than added to the system, or so I'm told.  The young lady who worked at AT&T; told me not to upgrade the memory unless I backup the phone first and reformat it.  Point taken.Apps: First caveat, this is not the Apple "App Store" so some apps are not there (yet). Angry Birds is not on there as of this writing (5.9.2011) but many of the usual suspects like Amazon, Yelp, Twitter, Netflix, etc., are all on there and work as good as they do on the iPhone/iPad.  I do like the Twitter app on Windows Phone better, it's a lot more intuitive after having used the Twitter for iPhone/iPad app.  You might feel differently but I like the horizontal scrolling aspect of the Windows Phone version.Charger/Accessories/etc.: It comes with a USB charger (slim one, too), USB cord, in-ear headphones with extra mesh caps, manual, and of course the phone. The boxing is simple, nothing spectacular.3 Praises:  Tiles are awesome.  Windows Live integration is easy.  I like the out-of-the-way approach of the OS.3 Slams: I wish Camera settings stayed permenant. Battery life could always be improved. 3G ON/OFF switch would be nice.I give this phone a solid 4.9/5.  I am enjoying the WP7 experience and I think you will too.

Summary:Phone hardware itself is near-perfect. Samsung gets 5 stars. WM7 (OS) gets 3 (at best). Overall = 4.I will focus on things you need to be careful about.It is the Operating System that is lacking. Complaints:- no cut-and-paste (to be added later on)- no physical syncing with MS Outlook. Your contacts and calendar will not sync via cable or bluetooth. So, if you are waiting for a MS phone to play well with existing MS software like Outlook, you are SOL. MS done not publize this much.-- everything is synced over the "cloud" - import your Outlook contacts/calendar into hotmail and then sync. You need to download MS connector to update Outlook and Hotmail contacts/calendar. Good thing is this info is always synced 2-ways. Bad thing is cloud updates are slow. You can change a contact (or event) on phone and it will be 30 minutes or so before the update is on your PC outlook (if you have Connector) or Hotmail (by default) and vice versa. Yes, you can have settings check for updates at shorter intervals BUT you will kill the battery in a couple of hours.- be aware that the micro SD slot is NOT swappable. Phone has 8 GB - can add 32 more but it re-sets to factory settings if SD card is changed. Again - a major fact not advertised by MS. Some cards are not WM7 compatible - ATT and MS are working on an acceptable list of cards. So, if you need moe than 8gb, suggest adding a card before downloading more apps, updates, etc that will be lost upon adding the card. This is widely discussed issue:[...]- wi-fi cannot connect to networks with hidden SSIDs!If you can live with above, the phone hardware itself is top-notch.If I knew of the above issues, I would have chosen an Android system as staying with MS in this case gives you above headaches. Am not anti-MS -- I like their desktop software. Hopefully, next WM7 update will solve some of these issues.

I absolutely cannot believe this phone has the positive reviews it has. The story of this phone is mind boggling. Let me explain.This phone is advertising itself as being expandable with up to 32 GB of additional memory via micro SDHC. This couldn't be further from the truth. I bought the phone specifically for that feature, and I bought the highest quality SanDisk 32 GB card I could find. I paid $91 for that card.When this phone was released in November 2010, reports started hitting the web about how the phone was crashing with SD cards. Microsoft immediately responded by pointing out that the SD cards must be "Windows Phone 7 compatible" cards. SanDisk immediately listed 5 of their most current tech cards as being "Windows Phone 7 compatible," my card among them. Then after 3 days, they immediately withdrew this "certification" from their website. In a 7 month period, Microsoft has barely taken any responsibilty, with only a couple of statements blaming the capabilities of the cards, specifically read/write functions per second, blah blah blah. The problem is, when they released this phone, there were absolutely no cards that were being advertised as "Windows Phone 7 compatible." Only recently, I have seen one card advertised as such, and it is only an 8 GB card. No 32 GB Microsoft?Here's the real kicker with this phone's absurd design: when you insert your SD card into this phone, it formats it in such a way that it is only usable by this phone. It makes it part of the phone's hard drive. Microsoft claimed that this was for security purposes, in case it was lost or stolen, no one could access your data. What they didn't tell you, is that it is completely permanent. When I say "permanent," I mean that after 4 months of having my phone, with 16 GB of data on it, and the phone crashed, I can't even re-format the card in a SanDisk reader. The card is permanently unusable, with anything. The rumours on the internet were true: This phone absolutely destroys SD cards. In my case, a $91 top of the line SanDisk card.Microsoft is taking no responsibility for this phone's operating system design, and if you're lucky enough to get someone in their chat support, they'll promptly tell you that they must direct you to Samsung. SanDisk is actually willing to honor their 5 year warranty for this card, even though it's not their fault this has happened. When the memory on my phone became unstable, Samsung had me send it in for repair, where they reflashed the hard drive, and made it to where I could AT LEAST use the phone again, without the SD.Bottom line, save yourself the frustration and misery. This phone should be taken off the market.

I bought this phone off of eBay just to check out Windows Phone. It took me about a week of playing with it before it became the only phone I carry, replacing an iPhone 4 and an Android phone. Now I feel like I am back in the dark ages whenever I have to use my wife's iPhone for some reason. Unfortunately there are still a couple industry specific apps that are only available on iOS and Android so I have to swap my SIM card for a day every month or so and suffer through using those phones, but it's always a relief to come back to my Focus. I haven't really missed any other apps that I had on other platforms.I bought a 32gb MicroSD card at AT&T; so storage isn't an issue. Note that once you format a card in this phone, you will only be able to use it on other devices that use the "Secure" part of the SD standard so don't plan on using a card in your digital camera after you've formatted it in the phone.My only complaint about the phone is battery life. It is not as good at the iPhone, and is usually on empty by the end of the day with heavy usage. It also charges very slowly which makes it difficult to juice it up with a quick charge at some point during the day.

Coming from an HTC EVO, and an Iphone 3GS, this phone is really awesome. It has many features that are really nice, and it comes up short for some features. Hopefully these things will be addressed in firmware updates.Pros: Smooth User Interface and Live Tiles are awesome.Awesome Amoled Screen 4" is perfectMicrosoft Zune Pass is awesome. 15.00 per month for unlimited music and you keep 10 songs per month. Fantastic music player. (Needs equalizer)Netflix streaming is greatMicrosoft Cloud services are great. ( I enter my calendar info on (Windows Live Mail, or live.com and it automatically shows up on my phone.) 25 Gigs of space included for free. Take a picture, and it automatically available on line at no extra cost.Xbox Live, and Microsoft Office functionality integrated into phoneDedicated camera button.Facebook and soon to come Twitter integrationExcellent, and replaceable batteryNice camera and video.Good voice recognition, but no text to speechExcellent touch keyboardWeb browser works really well, IE9 coming soonCons: No front facing camera (Hoping second generation models will have this)Cut and paste unavailable as of yetDefinitely needs turn by turn navigationNot enough internal storage memory (although, I added a 16gb Patriot SDHC class 4 card and it works well.10,000 apps. (Library is growing)No Dual core processorsNo HDMI port !!!!No Multi-tasking, although it is said to be coming in an update.

Love love love this phone.  Sturdy construction, beautiful screen, lightweight, dependable.  Windows Phone 7 Mango is awesome and I even put a 32gb card in it with no issues.  So easy to use and I like the way it does not force me into apps everytime I wantto do something simple.  For example, if I am looking at an address, I can just click it and go to maps and get directions.  Also, the voice recognition features work almost as well as Siri.  I have done side by side comparisons and have been pleasantly surprised.  Now I just try it for everythign and it usually works most of the time, even asking it some strange questions.  Live tiles in the first screen make it easy to see if I have any emails, texts, FB updates, weather, stocks etc.Highly recommend this for anyone

This phone is great. Love the live tiles. Fresh approach.Apps like Face book looks amazing on this. Great Screen.Plays HD video. Internet Explorer works great. Browse like PC. You can watch movies from Netflix.  Links all contacts with different Accounts like Outlook, Face Book and personal. So that you can have all the details of a contact at one place automatically. Initially i was little skeptical to buy another windows phone but this is a game changers for Windows. Microsoft has put some thought into it.Pros- Awesome phone. Big screen. User Friendly.Cons: The SD card does not really work as SD card. it gets integrated with the phone. Takes away the benefit of a SD card. Not much to customize. You cannot change a lots of settings on this Phone. Cannot Install other applications on your on as you used to on prior version of windows phone.

Walked into an ATT store and was surprised to see that there was no specific area displaying WinPho7. Such a big store and no real place to display these phones. Somehow, my wife and I located this phone sitting in a corner. The store was just opening up and a salesman said that they were sold out of the focus but had the HTC in stock. The LG  was expected in the next week or so. He said he'd go in and check to see if they received any and came back saying there were 2. ITMW, we were seeing another salesperson explain to a 1st time smartphone buyer how good iphones and androids were. He then also demoed the Focus and said it was ok (pretty ok) but that it was slightly heavier than its android counterpart. The newbie ended up buying the focus as he was really kicked by the live Facebook feed. This was the about most low key push sale I can imagine for a phone that they should be pushing hard.We finally got a salesperson's attention and he said he'd go back to the store to get the last of the Focus's. He came out with it and it was the most gorgeous piece of glass I laid my hands on. He told us that he had to fight with a couple more sales people who wanted it also. Side by side the HTC pales in comparison, and nothing else comes close. Wonderful live tiles combined with the screen make this come totally alive and the ultra responsive software made browsing a pleasure. I've had it for 5 hrs now, just about set-up stuff and have nothing to complain about yet. I have my Xbox live avatar and am already playing games.I will post another detailed review in a day or 2 but I think MS has a winner here especially with this phone. I think they need to fix the supply issue along with more incentives/education to the staff, although the salesperson who sold us the focus was very well versed with the phone and said he expected sales to pick up once they received phones in large numbers. They want to sell but have no stock. They will also have to have a large area in each store that says window phone 7 all over...He actually said, wow this is a first, "you are moving from an iphone to a winpho7".

I have been using this phone since it was first released and I have to say I really enjoy this device. I have been a loyal Microsoft mobile user since the old CE devices. My previous phone I had prior to this was my old At&t; 8125 running WM6.5. Comparing this to any past mobile OS of Microsoft, this phone is very refreshing. This phone is definitely a step forward but lacks some features of previous versions of WM. I knew what I was getting into when I made this big leap. When I purchased this phone, I typed in my Microsoft Live account and presto! My new Samsung Focus phone was setup with contacts, email, calendar and more. I was able to start using my new device right away. My phone was completely setup before I left the store minus the Zune sync. It was an easy transition. The phone has a lot of great features and is very intuitive and esthetically good looking. The screen is probably one of the best features of the phone. It is absolutely terrific and a joy to play media on it. The speakers are also really nice. The phone reception is really good no complaints there. This phone has also re-ignited my Zune experience. I have 1st gen Zune and this phone makes it even easier. It's a blast using media on my phone again. The phone is reasonable durable. Sadly I dropped mine a few times already but it still works fine.For me, I do not like the Apple systems however, I do like how the iOS operates with music and the app store and the quality. The Android I was fearful with the quality due to the wide selection of hardware, OSs available, lack of security, and lack of Outlook support (I know it has this feature but read it doesn't work that well). Those phones were not for me. I felt that the Samsung phone was perfect since I use Windows, Office and Outlook, Zune, has similar features/ideas to the iOS and is simple.The only thing I did not like about this device is how the expansion card slot was handled by At&t;, Samsung and Microsoft. I am looking forward to the Certified WP7 micro SD cards to become available. Also, excited about the copy & paste update that will be available early next year. I feel as if Microsoft left out some nice features that WM has. Maybe this was done for future phone releases. I already miss the syncing capability of files between the PC and phone. I am still getting a hang of the Microsoft Cloud server. I have yet to play around with that too much. I don't care if it is done through Zune or Cloud as long it has this capability in the future, I would be happier.To sum this phone up, I would have to say it is great but is not a must have item. If you're in the market for a new phone, that is intuitive, good looking, awesome media player, this is definitely worth taking a look at.

okay, it's mid may and ive had this phone for half a year already.  i still think this is the best phone for me.  i always wanted a zune, because i prefer the tile navigation to the spinning wheel, and music a big part of my life, but zunes were at a price beyond my reach with other things taking precedents..  until the upgrade made this phone very affordable.  it's currently at $50 with att.i integrated a 16gb class 10 sd card.  but once you install a micro sd card and format the phone, the card wont work with anything else.  you can only use it with the phone.  my older 8gb class 2 scan disk card i originally formatted with the phone cant be read by my computer or my camera or my memory camcorder, or any other device ive tried.  it's just on the shelf, ill throw it away some time or other..  so be certain of the one you want to be permanently a part of your phone.  and though samsung and att suggest "only 8gb class 2" micro sd cards, i wouldnt hesitate to install a 32gb class 10.  my 16gb class 10 patriot works flawlessly; it's very responsive.there are plenty of youtube videos out there that show how to integrate the micro card and the phone.i love the tiles.  you can move them however you want by holding a finger down on the tile until it enlarges, then slide it where you want it.  one the first page of my phone, i have the following tiles:att phonecontactsmessaginghotmailatt uverse mobiletwitterfacebookall of that is right there, each only a finger touch away.  then i just flick the page up and there are my games and camera and calender and pictures and music and settings and daily news and youtube and maps et cetera.  you can put anything on your phone there.  photos or photo albums.  albums, or individual songs.  once you have it set to how YOU want it, which is pretty easy to do, you are set in ease zone.  this phone is a breeze.there is a stand still button, a click and no worries about hitting the wrong button.  even in stand still, though; if you want to take a picture right away, just hold the shutter down for a couple of seconds and the phone comes on and gets directly ready to take the picture.  when you capture the picture, just hit the stand by button and slide it back into your pocket.  i love the walk-by pictures.  this thing is more responsive and loads more quickly than my digital camera, and the five mp imaging is amazingly clear.  it also camcords in HD.  our last trip to new orleans, we brought our digital camera and our memory camcorder and didnt use either.  everything we got is on my phone.  i put them in a folder via zune software, uploaded them to facebook for my wife.  it trips me out still, how easy this phone is.  ease as the breeze.we just got cut and paste in the update a couple of weeks ago, and angry birds releases for the windows 7 phone in seven days (the 25th).battery;  the other day, that morning, on a full charge, i started listening to music.  most of the day and that night while i was setting up at work, and then while i was breaking down at work.  a few phone calls, a dozen texts.  emails, et cetera.  the battery was low but it lasted the entire day.the first thing you do when you buy the phone, search through youtube for battery saving tips for your samsung focus.  like disabling the feedback setting.  and use a black screen for your back lighting.  those tips will help.  this is still more computer than phone and processing eats battery life, but it is certainly manageable.  and with a removeable battery, you can always keep an extra charged battery with you if youre gonna be outta the house for long periods of time.in all, i dont think there is a better phone out there for what i use it for.  it is definitely the phone i waited for and wanted and i couldnt recommend it more.gripes i have of the i917 focus:*i hate the fact that i still cant personalize my ringtone.  that's how the iphone started, too, though..  just have to wait for that to be written in*angry birds is coming on the 25th; cant wait to play it on this screen.  it's bigger and more responsive than my wife's iphone*we just got cut and past so that is no longer a gripe--and you can cut one word or several as well as full email addresses and email them from the phone now, which is something id been missing the use of til just recently*no otterbox or even great case for the focus as of yet.  the cases i have used have been horrible and i go without now.i use an anti glare screen to protect the face of the phone.  maybe overkill, it's very hard to scratch or crack the gorilla glass that is the face of the focus, but it gets hot here in arkansas in the summer and i was spending too much time wiping the face down.  beautiful display, but it would grime far too quickly for my tastes.  the matted anti glare helps a lot and the picture is still beautiful, far more attractive than my wife's ipohone face in the otter box.overall, i recommend this phone more than any other ive played with.  it doesnt allow flash, which messes up from time to time while im working in my online writing workshop, but i can read docx and rtfs and other document files with perfect phone formatting.  this phone also makes for a fun reader.  you can save word docs that you download so you dont have to stream with data to read the entire thing.  this is a wonderful little computer with great speakers so you can play music from across the room too.* edit * i forgot to add..  a few days ago while i was at work, i found out through twitter that there was going to be an interview on tv that night i did not want to miss.  so from work via my phone, i set my uverse dvd to record the program.  it took less than a minute to do.  i watched the show later that night.  that just amazes me.

I have been using my WP7 for 3 months now and am pretty happy with my purchase. I did not have to Shell out $200 for the Phone, i got it FREE on Amazon Wireless.The AMOLED screen is just awesome, the pictures are bright and contrast is GREAT! The UI is different and Unique and NOT like ALL OTHER Smart Phones out there. And the Live Tiles is great for me to glance, know the status and keep on with my work!I recently brought an XBOX 360 and now i can carry my Gamer Score on my Phone, how cool is that!Great Phone and with Mango Update coming soon, i think best is yet to come.Enjoy1

and that coming from a previous satisfied Iphone 3G and 3GS owner.  This phone is wonderful, I've had it since the day it came out to the public and I couldn't be happier.

This was the first smartphone I ever had.  It is a great phone!  It would be nice if you could customize your displays and layout a little better though.  Also, which I was very shocked about, you CANNOT SEND VIDEO in any way, shape, or form.  What the heck? I have out-of-state family who enjoy the videos I send them of their niece.  I returned the phone and got the iPhone, which is ok.  Perhaps if they fix these issues I will get the next gen Focus in a few years.

I have had the Samsung Focus for a few weeks now.  I firmly beleive Microsoft has a winner with the new Windows Phone 7 Operating System.  I have used iPhone 3G and 4, Nokia E71, and Blackberry.  This phone is the best of all of them.The Interface is very intuitive, and so easy to use that I doubt anyone needs to read a manual.  Before I even finalized my transaction at the AT&T; Store I had three corporate email accounts and my yahoo acount on the phone and most of the syncing complete.The messaging, text and email, is easy to use.  Email supports HTML messages. Text Messaging is threaded.My favorite feature of them all is the on-screen keyboard.  It is easy for my fat fingers to use.  I can never get my wife's iPhone to work properly, while the FOcus worked great from the beginning.  Even better, the predictive text is amazing.The internet browser is the best I've used.  You have the choice of automatically loading the desktop version of a site or the mobile version.  It does not support flash though.The phone's contact integration is wonderful.  It seamlessly and optionally integrates the contacts from all of my sources, corporate email, personal email, facebook, microsoft live, etc.The call quality is great.  No dropped calls yet.The camera is pretty nice, 5MP and HD Video Capture.  The captured images seem to be on par with my wife's iPhone 4.  It has a nice feature to automatically sync your photos over the air with any number of online photo sites.The Marketplace for apps is still in its infancy, but one can definitely see the potential.  The Facebook application is great.  The Weather Channel app is a must too.  I am looking forward to the big boys to complete adding their apps to the marketplace.  The other thing to consider is that there are more Windows .Net Software Developers than any other framework out there.  It is a matter of time before their skill cause the Marketplace to flourish.My only complaint with the phone is its universal volume control.  I would like diferent volumes for the ringer, music, alarm, and alerts.

not sure who to blame windows or samsung.  phone constantly reboots it self, freezes, and the updates brick the phone.  dont get me wrong i love windows mobile been a fan since 6.1.

I have had my Windows Phone for 3 days now and it continues to rock. Previously, I have used a Blackberry Curve and a Samsung Android 2.1 device. The Blackberry has been my phone of choice for the past 9 months but while reliable, the integration with Exchange is marginal at best and requires an enterprise plan (which comes out of my pocket). The Android was poor all around. Things have hopefully changed but v2.1 wasn't ready for prime time., simply didn't work for me and I returned my phone after just a few days.The Exchange integration with Windows Phone is fantastic. I have two ActiveSync accounts running. One to my personal (paid) Google Apps Premier account and the second to my employer's Exchange 2010 server. And just for fun, we even tried the "Wipe the Phone" functionality from within Exchange and it does work. (We also tried that with an Android v2.2 device with similar success.) My iPod Touch 4G email client has horrible Exchange support which eliminated the iPhone from consideration. I have read that gmail integration works identically using either IMAP or Active Sync. Most people will have to use IMAP since they don't have paid accounts. The big take away is that device does support multiple ActiveSync accounts and in fact I had a third one on there just for fun.The People hub is beautiful. I can optionally "link" any contact with another and they become a single entry. You can also unlink contacts without affecting the original properties. I am able to selectively associate FB contacts with existing contacts while not overwhelming my contacts with the 300 FB contacts that I have. Simple. Affective. It just works. Contacts from my 2 ActiveSync accounts don't provide any issues.The calendar is very clean and in my opinion far easier to navigate than on an iPhone. It nicely combines calendar items from multiple ActiveSync (and I would assume IMAP) accounts.The dial by voice is very clean. I used this feature quite a bit on my Blackberry and it was the same era technology as was provided on my Verizon Motorola flip phone of 2-3 years ago. The Windows Phone is clearly an upgrade from that. It seems to have better comprehension of what I am speaking and it plays back contact names much more clearly than with my Blackberry. (I can't comment about anything on an Android 2.2 device but my experience with v2.1 was that dial by voice was pretty much useless assuming you could start the app while driving.) With Windows Phone, a single depression of my Bluetooth ear piece does the trick.Things that I don't like:The built in Facebook integration within the People hub is very clean and works well but the stand alone Facebook client is only ok. It appears form all I have read that this was a last minute addition and it needs a bit of cleanup. My biggest issue is that without multi-tasking, it takes 4 or so seconds to load the FB app and the app exits when you move to any of the other hubs on the phone. This is not a major issue but certainly an annoyance.The twitter app is ok but I wish they removed the teal background and just used the default (black or gray) backgrounds that are standard throughout other apps on the phone. I have tried Seesmic and it is only ok. Hoping for improvements with that app in the near future.All in all, a fantastic start. Time will well if Microsoft is successful and in my opinion, this will mostly be dictated by how quickly Microsoft is able to provide updates and additional features. A great start!PS: The display on the Samsung is out of this world and this should be everyone's first choice for a Windows Phone. I hear good things about the LG and that might be something to consider if you need a physical keyboard but I haven't seen one so I can't compare or comment. I don't miss "copy and paste" as their constant popping up all over my iPod provides me with never ending frustration. It really isn't that big of a deal. Multi tasking will be nice.

I like the OS and features of the Focus so far. Easy to just pick up and start using right away. I recommend looking on various sites for tips and tricks.Some confusion on linking Outlook 2007 and Windows Live. Used Outlook connector to sync email accounts and the phone.Directions via the Map tile are nice. And it is nice that, if you spread your fingers on the screen, it zooms in and you get an aerial photo view.From "Knowyourcell""How to get directions on the Samsung FocusIf you want to find directions to a place, it's easy!From the Start screen, flick left to go to the Apps list, then MapsSelect DirectionsType an address or a place of interest (shop, restaurant, business etc)Tap GoSelect either Driving or Walking, depending on whether you wish to walk or driveThe route will be calculated and displayed on the mapTo view a section of the route, highlight it in the instructions listTo start form somewhere other than your current location, select My Location in the starting point box and change it to somewhere elseTap Start or End to reverse the starting or ending points for your tripYou can view real-time traffic information for your route by selecting the More icon in Maps, then Show traffic. To stop showing traffic conditions, tap Hide traffic."Easy Facebook integration with Live and the phone.Camera works well. Samsung has a free photo app available now on the Marketplace, "Photo Studio" to change some photo characterisitics.I had some learning to do about search. Pressing the Search button on the Home screen means a web search. Pressing search in contacts, an application, newsreader, etc means it will first search that database or application. Press Search again and it will go to web search.And lastly, if you are unsure of a symbol at the bottom of the screen, press the 3 dots, and the symbol functions will show up in text.I recommend it.

I got this phone as my first 'serious' mobile phone. My only previous phone was a $20 disposable pay-as-you-go from Target. An embarassing thing to admit, as I work in the tech industry, but I'm basically a luddite for anything out side of game machines and PC's. No longer!I wanted to get a Windows Phone for the compatibility with microsoft office, the xbox live integration, and the hotmail integration. When I got it, I asked the AT&T; folks what would happen if I hated it. They said that even though I got it on a 2 year contract, I could trade the phone inand pay a little extra to switch to an iPhone as an upgrade after six months. That was enough to convince me to give it a shot!The rest of this review is about the hardware, rather than the Windows part of the phone.Overall I've been VERY happy with this phone! It's got a nice feel to it. You're not supposed to drop your phones, but so far I've dropped this one three times from about waist height, and it hasn't broken yet. Lucky me! I've got a small scuff on the side near one corner of the case, but that's the only damage!The display is absolutely beautiful! I showed the phone to some of my friends who got HTC phones and they were jealous. Even though the Windows phones are supposed to have identical stats for their displays, mine was visibly brighter and more vibrant than their HTC phones, it just looked better!I bought an 8 GB memory upgrade, and it was kind of a pain to install, but I've had absolutely no problems with it.The phone includes a speakerphone option, which works reasonably well, I'm able to use it when I'm inside, or even outside walking around as long as there's not too much traffic. I've also played some music over the built-in speaker. Certainly not what I would call hi-fidelity, but it's survivable if you really need a music fix and don't have headphones with you.In short, I really like this phone. It looks better than my friend's comparable phones, especially the display, and I was happily surprised when it survived a few drops (at different times) in the parking garage. I definitely recommend it if you want a Windows phone!!Pro:- awesome display- reasonable speaker-phone functionality, can play music in a pinch on the speaker- touch screen works well- nice looking- durable, at least it's survived almost a year in my jeans pocket, and three drops in parking lots!Con:- battery is only good for a day or maybe twoOverall I love it! I'd definitely buy this phone again, as would my wife (who has one too). Other than iPhone app store envy, I haven't had any urge to buy an iPhone after spending just a few weeks with this one!

This review comes from a previous iPhone owner and as this is a good phone I was like most of the people bored with its UI and plus with Apple style, examples here are iTunes which sucks compared to Zune and list goes on...Well so saying that I wanted to give it shoot; here I am after 4 weeks using it. The first thing is...nothing is perfect and especially a very first release of this OS. However, for a first release the phone deserves definitely 5 stars and one extra for Microsoft having enough balls of risking and releasing its original perception of UI - not copying iPhone, Android or Blackberry. It was risky but Uncle "Steve" Ballmer deserves this one!Things that I Like:-Awesome, beautiful display (4" perfect size)-Blazing speed of the OS-Live tiles-expandable memory-phone doesn't drop calls unlike iPhones (not even one drop for full 4 weeks so far)-feels solid not plastic like some people think-Bing voice recognition search, maps etc,-Seamless Exchange integration as well as regular local Outlook accounts-Can open my Corporate email attachments seamlessly(pptx, xlsx, docx, pdfs)-Zune Player-The best phone on the market if you are serious gamer-Xbox apps are awesome-Skydrive integration-Can take battery out/replace it/full access to the guts of it.Things I don't like:-no copy, paste (but it is coming early next year)-no multitasking (coming early next year)-no flash for IE (coming next year, read Adobe is working on it)-not many apps only 4000 (but apps growing fast)-wireless sync is lacking on demand sync and the phone has to be connected to the charger (I read this is also coming as a next year's update)-Why Microsoft didn't release this phone 2-3 years ago!!!Bottom line is, I love this phone. For the first early release it is a success for Microsoft, the things that are missing would be quickly added with the new software update, at least we don't have to wait 3 years....right Apple funboys....? Some WP7 haters would pinpoint on the sales numbers as compared to iPhone and Android, well I thing we have to give it time so the phone market for WP7 can go with full speed. Also, no matter how great this phone is it has to compete with already established market of OSX and Android. So, whoever is on the market for new phone forget about "OLD" Windows Mobile and at least try it out(Samsung Focus)...you won't be disappointed.UPDATE (August 21)Nothing much to say about the headset itself as my good opinion didn't change, but there is whole lot new things about the OS!Yes, people i have the newest MANGO update OS version 7.10.7712.60All I can say is that it rocks!!! So many little features, and few big onces. Here is the list:-Now my focus has IE9 which nothing compared to the previous browser, it is fast and screen bigger, MS moved the URL bar on the bottom leaving more browsing space. I also thought to gain even more space they should add auto-hide option to the URL bar, if not in use it would disappear also, leaving 100% of your screen to browsing!! Nothing like iPhone or Android.-The whole OS is faster and smoother even more, old installed apps run faster, load even faster.-Finally full multitasking! YES!! Just hold the back button and here you go. Being on the call you can open anything you want, let's say MS Word doc with the information that you want to give to the caller, etc.-Improved Copy/Paste-Tap on the search botton, it will take you to BING. Now MS added scout, which finds everything in your area, eat+drink, see+do, shop, highlights.- the music icon on the bing page is equivelent to Shazam app that can listen to the music and give you title, etc.- the vision icon is awesome, it will scan your book barcode, tex, CD, DVDs. Usuful? Hell yea...This weekend i went to the mall and found great suitcase for $250, i scanned with the bing-vision and bing found one for $151. I ordered and just received two days ago!!-improved marketplace- the list goes on, MS in total add 500 new features!!!I Hope this will help pick a great headset which is Samsung Focus and its great freshly improved OS!!

Had a basic Blackberry for years.  This was one of 3 choices for upgrade.  Spectacular advances in technology.  Can't go wrong.  Touchscreen learns (and teaches) easily.

This is a great phone and its sad that most people don't even know what these phones are.Why should you choose this Windows Phone:All-around best phone that AT&T; has or will have once the LG phone is released. Why?Best battery life of the phonesAlthough it only has 8gb internal storage there is a microSD slot so you could have 40gb of internal storage if youyou buy the 32gb microsd card which isn't outrageously expensive on amazonThe screen is more beautiful than any phone i've ever seen. It really does make most videos you play HD. I was also very impressedat how fast it loaded videos.(faster than my new laptop which uses the same wifi)The sound is amazing as well. The main speakers are on the back of the phone but music also plays through the small speaker on the front.Having Facebook and Windows Live as places where i can store things and access from other places is really nice.You can customize a lot of things just by touching and holding on the thing.The camera is pretty good and the video camera can shoot in HD and its even better.Zune is a great service with great quality. I like how they show you artist posters automatically and they also have bios,...The keyboard is great especially after a day or two of getting used to it.The phone has only been out for a couple days so everything is perfect but I haven't had any issues and they are getting more and more apps on top of the tons they already had.I think Walmart might be selling the phone $50 cheaper than AT&T; is.

As an IT Pro, I mess with tech daily. What this also means, is that "No, I don't want to fix your computer in my off-time" and "No, I really don't want to screw with my phone during my off-time".I have tried all four of the major eco-systems:1) Blackberry. Still second to none as far as security, but RIM will be gone as we know it in the last year I do believe, they are just no longer relevant to anyone.2) iPhone. A great phone but unless Apple blesses it, it won't happen. You have ONE Operating System choice and ONE choice of hardware. If you compete with them (see the Google Voice fiasco) or don't otherwise fit into their agenda, it won't be part of the iOS eco-system.3) Android. Very open. But very heavy. Will drain battery more than any other phone OS. You get multiple "flavors" of the OS and multiple choices in hardware.Then comes along the new kid on the block, Windows Phone. Now you have one stable Operating System (like iOS), but with multiple choices of hardware (like Android), the best of both worlds.In recent (last 4 years) phone history, I was frustrated with how I could do nothing with iOS. I then "saw the light" with Android, and loved the flexibility, but got very tired of updates getting messed up between Google, the Manufacturer, and the Carrier, and constantly trying to work around their bloatware to get a usable phone. And sure as the world, the ROM I was using would have an issue of some kind, so you go looking for another, and that one has issues as well. It was a never-ending cycle.Windows Phone changed all that. I have more flexibility in what phone I want, yet an OS locked down "enough" to where it stays stable. IE, Microsoft won't allow third-parties to get in and mess with the notifications system, UI, etc.  Android and iOS problem is you need an app to extend functionality. Windows Phone has everything needed built in very well.The Windows Phone OS is built so well and so light, you simply don't need a ton of Horsepower to run it.While Android and iOS are simply throwing bigger processors into the picture, Microsoft has actually figured out "How can we do this more efficiently?". Instead of making the dozen taps needed to upload a picture to Facebook and Twitter faster by throwing a quad-core processor into the picture, Microsoft made it more intelligent. I can get a photo onto both social networks in 2-3 taps. This is why the "Smoked by Windows Phone" challenges are relevant. They aren't benchmarks which honestly, matter to practically nobody, but they are real-world "How fast does it take me to get the information I need?" In the stuff you actually do every day, the Windows Phone is just an easier, and faster OS.This also equates to better battery life. It will beat Android and iOS devices hands-down. The Focus has removable batteries which is A+, if you are gone for a couple days, simply take an extra battery, not the charger.The social integration is top-notch. The "People" app is amazing. My Facebook and Twitter feeds consolidated down into one, allowing me to comment, like, post, share, etc from one application, one interface. Posting to just Facebook, or both, is incredibly easy and is done simply by checking or unchecking which networks to post the status to.This tight integration also means that under each user, you can view everything about them. Their photos are pulled in from all the social networks you are hooked up to, wall history, text history, email history, call history: everything relevant about that user. I'm sorry iOS and Android, you don't even have third party apps that do social integration this well.One big plus is Facebook Chat is directly integrated into the Messaging app on the phone. You can seamlessly switch between texting someone or IMing them on Facebook.Let's get one thing straight: you hardly have a need for the standalone Facebook or Twitter clients on this device. I rarely use either. The only reason I use the Facebook one is to see a bit more info (say, groups), and the only reason I use the Twitter one is to see what's trending when I get bored.These are just some of the reasons I like this device. This integration carries over everywhere. The calendar, email, photos, you name it. I simply don't have the need to flash/tweak my phone anymore to get it to do what I want, it already does it.You can also go read about SkyDrive, Office, and many of those other things, but if you're considering Windows Phone, then you'll have read about those already.I don't know why Microsoft doesn't advertise, "When was the last time you had to reset YOUR phone?" as a marketing campaign. My phone has never frozen, gotten slow, or anything. My iPhone, Android, and Blackberry have all had that happen.Downsides to this phone:Sound Profiles. I want a "Bedtime" mode that I can say I don't want to be waken up by anything but a phone-call. I also want an "On-Call" mode to where even my texts will continually loop until I look at them.The "For a Time" I mention in the subject. This phone is a year old and has now been randomly shutting off. I have even removed the MicroSD, factory reset it, and removed all the ATT bloatware (navigator, etc) and installed nothing from the Market, and it still does this.I'm sorry, while a device a year old is considered very used, on a two-year contract, it needs to last two years.I'll be dumping Samsung (The Captivate, an Android device, was pretty terrible at lagging) for the Nokia Lumia 900.Applications. It must be said. There were no deal-breakers for me here, but for some there might be.iPhone might have a million apps, but you use practically none of them. I was about to mention Mint as an app I'd like to have on Windows Phone, but then realized when I had it on iPhone/Android, I never used it anyway. So I think most of this app business is more about having the app then actually using it.Overall a great phone. I'm not sure what my new issue is about the powering off, I figure it is probably just my device, but regardless is something that's ridiculous.

First we got Samsung Infuse(for me) and Samsung Focus(for my wife). I used it for 10 days and returned the Infuse as it's speaker phone, battery life and the feel of the size in the hand was not at all good. I had to charge the battery everyday. Apart from these three issues the Samsung Infuse was good but for my needs it was not suitable. After little bit of hesitation we got the second Samsung Focus. We fell in love with these phones once we got used to these phones. We love the Live Tiles. Yes I would recommend others to buy it.

This phone exceeded my expectations. WP7 is a winner - intuitive and easy to use. The hardware is fast, sleek, and solid. Great camera, too.

I like this phone, but I have several contentions with it.Firstly, it takes FOREVER to charge this battery, and the battery drains quickly so I am constantly tethered to an outlet or PC.Secondly, the Windows OS does NOT have an Instant Messenger application for it.Thirdly, when I connected to facebook, hotmail, yahoo, and gmail accounts, it through ALL my contacts without prompting into my address book. Why would I want ALL my facebook contacts? HELLO!?!?!?
