
They say the phone set to me was new, couldn't have been!!! It worked wonderful, until it op holding a charged. Then I found out this is a common problem with this model. Never again! Id rather buy my phone through my service provider!

I am so pleased with my Htc Evo 4g. I ordered it Saturday and received it MondayI had it activated in 10 minutes. I am very pleased and will order from this seller again.

Battery susks otherwise a great product! Thought it was all white(just the back is). Love the camera,flash,screen size, lighter then the model before.

I was a little skeptical about purchasing a phone from this vender, but I have not had any problems and got a free case out of the deal.  Phone was in excellent condition.  Glad I purchased this phone.

This was a good phone in the beginning it worked good, after a few months the problems started. Would always freeze up and not work, the touch screen would not be responsive. Took it to Sprint multiple times and they said nothing was wrong, after so long the phone would be on but not be responsive and could not use the phone for anything. Again Sprint got involved and according to their tests there was nothing wrong. I don't know if it was an issue with the Android operating system or the phone itself.I don't recommend this phone unless it's a last resort, there is better stuff out there. I am never buying an HTC phone again after owning this phone.

It was the phone I expected , but I thought it was going to be white ! And no ! It turn out to be black. And when I put down the order it said it was going to be white ! Not good !

Hello Jacqueline,before the purchase, I need knows if the HTC evo 4g is GMS phone. does it use sim card?regards

I recently purchased a refurbished HTC Evo 4g and I find this phone to be perfect for me! I had read multiple reviews on how some people order used ones and they ended up having a problem so I though refurbished was a better idea. Turns out I was right and now I have this awesome smartphone that can pretty much do anything. The only concerns I have are that you have to purchase the sprint premium data plan which is $10 more a month, and that the battery life tends to run out very quickly but you can just buy the extended battery for that problem. Overall, GREAT PHONE

not the best, otherwise its fine I threw it in the box that garbage goes in. I could not give it away.

Much better than buying it in the store and nobody can tell the difference. Well worth the savings. Great Buy!!

The phone came within the specified time and worked fine.  It was good quality for a used phone.  It met my expectations.

I hate this phone and am just holding out in principal because I don't want to shell out more money for a decent one.  The apps take a long time to load and there are long &#34;loading&#34; pauses frequently when I close out of an app to go to then home page.  The phone no longer receives my email, and the blue tooth only works half of the time.  I know it is not the network because I am on the same plan as my husband who has an iPhone and everything works fine for him.

I read the reviews on  this phone and I should have went with my gut! They battery life is horrible and the charger they sent does not fit! Had to wiggle it around to get it to charge..... The phone itself works fine. Just wont keep a charge!

I'm too disappointed with this purchase, they sent me a used phone and I buy a new one, I had to return it and this is the time I have not gone back to receive and not to turn, be careful with this provider.

I received the wrong phone at first in my shipment, but seller sent me the correct phone RIGHT AWAY and gotta say I JUST LOVE IT!!!!!  Seller was VERY HELPFUL with making sure the right product I paid for was received.So many features and apps that are available that I cannot say how AWESOME this phone is.Works great; takes great pics and videos; has capability to watch movies with kickstand for easy viewing;and LOVE the navigation system.Took the phone to Sprint and all my contacts and pics were easily transferred to new phone from old phone in 5 minutes.My insurance on old phone now covers new phone with no problems.Only problem was the battery that was with old phone woud not take a charge at all and Sprint does not carry this battery in house.  Had to go to a separate battery store to purchase AND THE SELLER REPLACED THE COST FOR THE BATTERY...(as I had hoped and expected) SO VERY IMPRESSED AGAIN!!!Would not hesitate to purchase from this seller in future and HIGHLY recommend this phone!

My only hold back is I need to get more memory for it but the phone has done much better than the phone I got through Sprint

This was meant to be a temporary phone to get me to my next upgrade.  So I didn't have high hopes to begin with.  This phone uses a lot of battery an overheats easily. It was supposed to come with an extended battery, but it did not.  I did notice that it occasionally drops some of my contacts and then the contact will reappear elsewhere and then I won't be able to find it again.... Very odd. Phone is heavier than my last phone (Samsung Infuse, which I adored) . All in all this isn't too bad of a phone.  However, I don't believe I would buy another one and I may not recommend it whole heartedly to some folks.

We bought our phone from Amazon hoping that it would come problem free but it did not.  The speaker does not work well at all on it.  It should not have been sent out in excellent condition when it was not.  I was disappointed in that.  The phone does work well otherwise

Before I bought this one I owned 3 of these EVOs, so yes I am hard on them.  After a couple week the touch screen began to act funny. Eventually I was more of a headache using it than not having a phone. This is a great phone but don't buy it here.

If your someone who doesn't have to have the latest and greatest smartphone out, then you will do just fine with this phone.I bought the phone used and it was delivered in excellent condition. I spent under $90 for the phone. My suggestion would be to make sure you have good service in the area you will use the phone the most in. Technically great phones aren't very functionalif you can't get service when you really need it!

I got this phone when it first came out and I still love it. My contract with sprint expired and I won't be going back with them. They are too expensive. Instead I'm going to have this phone flashed over to a new service. I can't bare to part with this phone.

Phones ok for an older phone, I had it before, but the one I ordered was reported stolen, be careful.

My phone got stolen and need a phone shortly.Timely received the shipment and I like it, I guess it is better than spending $100 or more plus monthly paying insurance to get a phone. I'm waiting a period to upgrade eligible now and enjoy this phone which never had this brand before.

I ordered the Sprint HTC Evo and it was new in the box as described. All parts were included in the box, and it was exactly what I wanted!

yes it works but it wouldnt take to phone service activation. The phone also had a bad battery i wouldnt hold a charge for more then a couple minutes.

This item was purchased used but came in all of the original packaging and looked brand new!  I am loving it.

The phone came earlier than expected in perfect condition. Been using it about a month now and have no complaints. A lot different than my old HTC EVO shift. But I like it.

Didn't work and was definitely not in 'very good' condition. Go to eBay if you're going to pull that s***.

The Evo 4G I purchased from Amazon's merchant MidStar was defective. According to my local Sprint repair store the phone had been reprogrammed before I received it, Midstar's response was "I believe Sprint might not know how to activate the phone because we have purchased them directly from our Sprint supplier. We have also received activation instructions from them".Really... The rep at the Sprint store was kind enough to replace the defective phone with one of their's, less than 10 minutes later I am out the door with a working phone. I guess they know how to program a phone after all.Secondly, I was also informed that the battery that was supplied with the MidStar phone was not one of theirs. Ergo, also defective as it barely fits into the phone. $40.00 dollars later, I have a phone and battery that is what I paid for. Sprint customer service to the rescue.

The cell and I liked this good and working perfectly .I'll keep watching your products Thanks so much brother. t

the phone is  very quickly, but  is CDMA, my line is GSM, I want to know  how buy a battery to this model, the battery no main the charge...1

I bought the HTC EVO 4g White phone. Well got the phone and it was black. Went to charge it and it wouldn't charge. So figured it was the battery got a brand new battery and still want charge. I know it's not my phone charger so I am returning this item asap. Not good wouldn't recommend this to anyone.

I've been using this phone for a few months now. It's been very good, easy to use and fast. I noticed once in a while, the person I was talking to on the phone, would have trouble hearing me saying the volume of my voice was too low. Then other times the volume of my voice was fine.A couple of days ago, the microphone in the phone went dead and the only thing the person on the other end could hear was static.HTC support told me to soft boot, then hard boot the phone, but it didn't help. I now have to contact them again to say their support help did not work.The company seems very sincere in wanting to help me and the phone is still under the 1 year warranty, so I am sure they will take care of me and my phone.I might advise you to buy insurance on this model phone as I have seen and heard of a lot of HTC owners having microphone problems with their HTC EVO 4G.Will update later.

The HTC phone is really good.  It never  freezes, has a responsive touch screen, and it has really fast internet and web surfing.  I would definitely send the word out to everyone that this phone is a really terrific phone.  It's nice on the web and very durable.  It also allows you to watch videos with its awesome kick stand to hold it up.  It's just like a computer, only it fits in your pocket and it sells for a price that's not bad at all. I would definitely give it a five star rating with no problems.  Enjoy your new HTC EVO touch(:

This is not a new phone.  It's a refurbished phone.  Its certainly not as described.  The only thing new on this was the outer case.  The really important parts are the insides, which appear to have been really poorly repaired by some ill-informed reseller.Here's the bottom line...I bought this for a friend, not me, so I have no way to test this on my account (I am ATT, she has Sprint).  She tried it for a couple of days and it wasn't working as if it was new (tinny sounding, somewhat functioning pixels on the display, low audio quality in general).When I bought this from Amazon, I expected that it would be delivered in a couple of days on my Prime account...it took TEN days, which is just revolting.  They extended my return interval to 31 Jan 2013 and that's fine if it's working.  However, the phone was just returned to me for a return.  Now I am out $200 because some monkey at 5 turd distribution thinks I am trying to scam them.  Quite frankly, I will NEVER purchase from this vendor again, even if their price is 50% less than the next vendor.  Stay away from them.  No good service, no good products.

This is the most disappointing product I have ever bought from Amazon, It came late,( Christmas gift grrr) and without a charger, it was not all white (just the back plate) and within a week or two the battery no longer took a charge.  Amazon customer service did an excellent job of trying to make this right.  They sent me a charge cable, ( unfortunately it too was defective) but I had an loaner until another charge cable was sent.  They also worked with the vendor to provide another phone that would take a charge.  By this time we are into mid February.  When the new phone came the back cover didn't quite fit, but we thought we would try to make do.  I was just informed by the person to whom I gave the phone, that 3 of the screws under the non fitting back  cover had come out, and that the phone no longer boots up but cycles when you turn it on.  I suspect it is not making proper contact because of the missing screws.  I am at my wits end.  HTC is a reliable company.  I have been using their products for over 5 years.  This was alleged to have been a new phone, but it seems to have been cobbled together with ill fitting parts by the vendor, and is not what I expect when I buy from Amazon.

My son broke his old cell phone and was able to find this model only $10 more than paying for a refurbished older model. Item arrived fast and exactly as listed. Thanks a lot!

I bought a HTC EVO in white about a month ago.  I got the phone a couple days earlier than expected and in near perfect condition (refurbished phone).  I have been extremely happy with the phone and the customer service from the company.  All of my emails were addressed quickly and to my satisfaction.  This is my first over the internet purchase, so I was apprehensive about buying an expensive item.  After buying the phone, I will trust well rated sellers with a little less skepticism.Sprint HTC Evo 4g Smart Phone (White)

I recommend buying this from Pure Mobility. They are very helpful. They replaced a charger when it was not working perfectly very nicely. The product itself is great. It works well, and I love the GUI. If you are more technologically inclined, this phone is for you.

I got this phone at Best Buy for Virgin Mobile b/c the choices were so few.  Paid about $270 and w/in a month regretted it. Charge will barely get you through an entire day even using battery saving features and w/o using 4G.  I can't even tell the difference b/w 3G & 4G on this phone.

htc evo 4G phone. new in perfect condition, is working fast and is with full extras. if I can used back home in europe, never woud sale this phone.

Phone was a temporary phone for my daughter. It lasted just over 2 months.  It was fine until It stopped working.

Ordered this phone by mistake without reading the fine print.This Sprint phone can not be used at my current location.

I am very disappointed in this phone. I bought it as a gift for my daughters birthday. First, the back of the phone didn't even go with the phone. I had to have the seller send a new back that wont get here until after her birthday. Second, I activated the phone and tried it out to make sure everything else was working and the phone turns off by itself and then wont turn back on until I take the battery out and put it back in. I was so excited about getting this that it was a huge disappointment all of the trouble that it has given me  :(

I posted a review a week after I got this phone, but now im retracting from that review. 2 weeks after I got the phone, the volume stopped working... Luckily, I had insurance on my previous phone so it carried over to this one. Brought it to the Sprint Dealer, and they told me the "Loud Speaker" was blown. Also, the associate also told me 5300 calls were made from this phone and the phone had been activated before. Great news to hear after I spent money on a "new" phone. The next problem came about a week later when the phone completely stopped charging. Leaving me to switch batteries with my husband so he could charge the dead one. Brought this back to the same sprint dealer, they informed me that the complete usb charging port in the phone had been damaged and there were no sodder(sp)left on it. Seriously? A month in with this crap??? Oh yeah, make sure you have insurance, they will charge you $100 to replace the phone, luckily a brand new phone from sprint is $700+ ( the only reason i did not return it)

This item came in very good shape and works well; glad to have purchased it and the battery also; great.

I had an great experience with dealers who sold this item. They were willing to work with me when a problem occurred with the item I appreciated that dearly.

Got a phone that really good like new almost put it on my plan and all it did was power cycle over and over

I have had this phone for about 2 months and now it wont charge the battery.  Have had problems the day I got this phone with the battery charging.  Had to wiggle and wrap cord around phone to keep charger in place.  Not to happy with my purchase. Guess that's what I get for buy a refurbished phone.

This is not what was advertised. It was previously used and the &#34;Evo&#34; sticker fell off as soon as I opened it. I traded it in at my sprint store an hour after I got it. I was not a happy customer.

This phone arrived quickly but it doesn't have the capability to do everything on line that my daughter wanted it to do.

The screen cracks so easily. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone because of that but everything else seemed to be fine.

This was a used phone however it seems to work very well haven't had any problems with it. I really like it.

I got this phone so i could get it flashed to cricket and its great like it was used but like new. I bought a pretty case for the phone and i ended up giving this phone to my sister and she loves it. This phone just turned out to be a great buy. Its nice to have a honest seller when it comes to big things like cell phones.

It is good phone.

3 Days after I got the phone it stopped charging. I went to the Sprint store for them to take a look at it and that is when I found out that the phone had been tagged "DAMAGED BEYOND REPAIR" before I had even received the phone!!!! That was a complete waste of $250.00. I was very dissappointed and I will never order a product from this company again.

My husband and I ordered two of these phones &#34;new&#34;. My husband activated phone his upon delivery. The very next day the screen stopped working. Luckily, since it was a &#34;technical&#34; issue, Sprint replaced his phone for free (we have insurance). I tried to activate my phone but the battery did not work. After advising this distributer of my battery issue, they sent me TWO new batteries, no questions asked. They didnt even request that I send the bad battery back (this is strange, any legit company would request this). After receiving the new batteries and FINALLY activating my &#34;new&#34; phone, I found that the very next day, the phone would not charge. I took the phone to Sprint and they advised that the phone was completely rusted on the inside, had random parts from Japan (not Sprint) in it and that the charger had been saudered on. The phone had major water damage and has been refurbished. Since it is a water damage issue, I have to pay my $100 deductible for Sprint to replace it. Why dont I have this distributer replace it? Because I dont trust them. Horrible company!

I love the Evo and I aways wanted the white one. The phone is great and I would buy it again.

fits the phone perfect-love this product..it has saved my phone several times already from being scratched. i would definately recommend it

The phone works great it was in great condition I was completely satisfiedand I would definitely recommend Amazon to others

The Sprint HTC Evo 4g Smart Phone (White) work really wonderful.My old phone was dropped in water and was unable to use it. Theprice for a new phone would have been 150.00 for a replacementfrom Sprint. Thank you so much!

There was some initial confusion with this phone, however I have since learned that it wasn't necessarily the sellers fault.They have gone above and beyond to help remedy the problem we encountered with the Sprint phone.They have opened up a line of communication and are doing everything possible to have a satisfied customer.

I love the HTC smart phone. Easy to use and has everything I need on a phone I like that

Not a bad phone but the chrome letters were missingfrom the back and the digital zoom on the camera doesn't work. I don't know if it's this type of phone but people can't hear me very well. My old phone was a samsung and i had no problems.  I probably won't buy a refurb phone again.

My son bought this phone 2 weeks ago.  It has stopped charging (looks like a common problem reading the reviews).  We took it to the sprint tech center today only to find out that this phone is definitely not new, it has been refurbished in a very poor manner.  There were sloppy solder spots where the charger plugs into (sorry I do not know the technical term) and also there is a power connection that was very loose again with terrible soldering attempted.I bought him an external charger and Sprint gave us a second battery for free.This is definitely a false advertisement.  I wish my son would have read the reviews before purchasing this phone.

Having a lot of dropped calls...Sprint says there's something messed up inside the phone and this phone should be replaced..but I like HTC phones.

Granddaughter was very pleased with phone. This was a replacement for here very satisfied with service. It is a very good phone to have

Is not good product i never gonna by this again  the battery dont work is a trash sorry but is true

It works good. Just as expected. Battery life on EVO is horrible, but that's just a problem with this model.

The phone worked fine the first day or two then it wouldn't hold a charge and when I plugged in the charger it wouldn't Get a connection unless I held the plug a certain way and held it there. Turns out, the battery was swollen so I went and got a new battery. Still it wouldn't hold a charge and the mini usb port that u plug the charger into internally damaged. Oh, and the back cover of the phone won't stay on cause the little notch things that snap it together r broke off. Definitly not pleased and want a full refund or replacement.

We have 2 Evo 4G ,and i would not recommend it to anyone. Without scratches or dropping,the white paint is peeling and its red behind the paint. Thousands of people having the same problem.  Do not buy it!

I recieved the phone a lot sooner than I expected & was in pristine condition, not one single scratch, also enclosed was a silicone cover & a screen protector, very happy I chose this particular phone.

it can't not work in st lucia and i did not get a refund back, so because of dat dont like it

The phone at first was really decent - ran fast, was good with calls/texting. After about a month the battery failed to charge. Sprint stated it was a motherboard issue. Ended up returning it.If you're feeling lucky, go ahead. It seems the other reviews are about 50/50 with it working.

Bought as new. Listed as new. Most likely a refurbished phone.I can live with that but the SD card wont work and for paying 180, they are lucky I am too tired to go through a return process. Otherwise, i can make calls and send text. Thatll do until im eligiable for an upgrade with spring in 6 mos.

The only thing that I can complain about is that the phone came on a later date then it was supposed to. I started to panic, but when it got here I was happy with the results..The phone is in good condition and we never have any real problems with it.

Don't buy this . I had to return it , it was horrible. None of the buttons worked !!!! Waste of $$$

The Evo I ordered was from: Discount Electronics & Games, I received it on time. It had a naturally wear and tear as the details explained. It worked well. The battery runs fast, as expected with a used phone.Overall it's a good phone for a temp.

Very disappointed in this phone! We've already had to take it in because it won't charge, even with a new battery.

The phone arrived on time and came with a very good case. It works perfectly and is an awesome phone for the price. Couldn't have asked for a better transaction. I have already recommended it to friends.

The phone works perfectly with no issues.  My daughter loves it and she was excited it got her so quickly.

The phone itself is pretty heavy compared to a Samsung Galaxy Series phones.  The battery life is pretty short and drains quickly on regular 4G.  This phone is not 4GLTE.

Needed a phone to replace a broken one, in between upgrades. Price was right, nice looking phone. Was delivered on the day the scheduled arrival date stated. Only had about a week and the phone works great.
