
I have owned quite a few phones in my time, but this one surpasses them all.  There is literally nothing I would change about it and I love having it.  Samsung makes such great phones!

Verizon really stripped out the standard Google search and Google maps features and replaced them with Bing? And they blocked the marketplace so you cannot easily get the Google features back? WTF?

I've had this phone for about 6 months now. When it was delivered with the 2.1 Update 1 version, everything was fine (except for Bing). Managed to put google search on it, thanks to enough people wanting the same thing and great forums on the internet with clear explanations on how to make these changes. But, 3G started dropping on me each day. Called tech support, and went through all of the things they do (remove the battery, threaten to reset back to factory defaults, etc). I had to upgrade to Froyo 2.2 (ED04) in order to go further with tech support. I should have rooted the phone instead (and may still,... read on).Network is back to an operational standard, BUT, the speed is now a third of what it used to be. The volume control used to allow you to set mute as the lowest setting. Now, the lowest is vibrate. Remove the mute as an option? REALLY?! Why is that considered a feature Verizon?As bad as I hear ATT/Apple Iphones are, I'm seriously thinking to switching carriers. I've been a VZW customer since 1993. I've had enough and the only way I know to get some satisfaction is to move to a different provider.I agree with all of the other posters on this review- the added apps that you cant delete and use up battery time are ridiculous. I pay all of this money for a phone and monthly service, I should have control over what my phone uses.

Let me start by saying I had huge hopes for this phone.  It's the perfect size droid to fit in the front pocket.  Incredible too small, X too large.I'm going to go right to the list:Pros:Perfect sizeAmazing screenRuns androidPhone sounds greatWonderful speakerphonereliable bluetoothCons:Still runs 2.1.FreezesSlower to dial than my blackberryGPS lock is slow (Although much improved through patches)Can NOT reliably get yahoo mail, no matter what the synch is set to.  I had to set everything up to route via gmailI called up verizon and samsung to complain.  Verizon blamed samsung and passed me on. Samsung said I shouldn't worry about it and that i shoudl download teh yahoo app for the mail.  I can't see why I should have to download a 2rd party app to work around a bad software design.  As of 2/2 still no word from Samsung on 2.2.With all the issues mentioned above I can't recommend when there are soo many better choices including the iphone that is now available.Cheers.

I recently switched from AT&T; to join the Android bandwagon. I have been utterly displease with this phone. I got the Droid X for my significant other and this one for me. The fascinate came with the DHXX version of the firmware. It was crappy to say at best compared to the droid x.The main reason I got the phones was to avoid multiple devices in our cars to serve different purposes. Main features sought after:1) GPS: This was a big let down due to amazingly slow locking time. It still takes around 3 minutes everyday in the morning even though all my GPS functions are enabled all the time. The droid X does this in about 2 seconds usually, with the worst case being 15 seconds (very rare).2) Verizon service: This was a let down as well. Verizon advertises my area to have wonderful coverage even though I get no more than 1 bar at any given moment and have signal fade/call drops all the time. The Droid X on the other hand just does an Amazing job of keeping the signal strength at 1 bar no matter what and does not have call drops at all. This tells me Samsung did a VERY poor job of designing the radio on this phone. I hope it is just software and not the actual hardware so that it at-least leaves room for improvement.3) Software updates: The droid X just updates well and response pretty well to the "check for update" action. The SF however, has stopped responding, given server cannot be found and taken anywhere from 10 seconds to 5 minutes to give a response. I finally got the update to DI01 and that was the final nail in the coffin. it completely broke my 3G connectivity as it would keep alternating between 3G and 1X every 2 seconds consistently. How samsung/verizon could release an update this poorly tested baffled me. I'm now on my second samsung fascinate and it came with DI01 firmware. The DL09 has been out for 3 days and there is absolutely no way for me to get it unless Verizon pushes it to me. Why they could not release it over the internet (not forums) or allow users to check manually is beyond me. And this is not even the froyo update that fascinate owners were hoping for.4) Warranty/Amazon Return: I logged my support issue with Verizon about 7 days before my 30 day return period expired. By the time it was determined that it was a bad phone, it was past the 30 days. I called Amazon and explained the situation. They said I could return the phone and take any other android phone I wanted. The funny thing is, none of the other Android phones were in stock at the time. It was between this and the LG model. So I basically got shafted and had to exchange with another samsung fascinate. Amazon said I could not just cancel my line either. For a Prime member that does thousands of dollars worth business with them, I kind of expected a more workable solution, like allow me to wait until the Droid X was in stock. But that option was taken away from me.5) Battery: Again, this seems to be a direct effect of the signal issues from Verizon. At home, my battery dies to 15% within 8 hours. But if I'm in an are with good signal, it has 40 - 50% remaining by the time I go to bed. The Droid X on the other hand stays rock solid at 35 - 45% even when at home. Again, an indication of how poor samsung's design/testing of this product was. I ordered a second battery only to solve this problem and am awaiting its delivery. I travel a lot all over the country visiting different client sites and having a working phone is absolutely important. But this phone has given me a VERY bad impression of Verizon and Samsung.6) Phone/Call quality: The voice quality is absolutely horrendous compared to anything on AT&T.; I kind of wish I'd never moved. I was never a fan of the iPhone and really wanted a good android phone. But I should've got the Droid X. The Phone software is extremely horrible as well. I am used to calling multiple people and conferencing them. This works fine. What really bugs me is that there is no clean way for me to break the conference into separate calls again. Neither is the software intuitive, nor is the methodology.7) Messaging: Messaging fails often due to signal issues. But it does not retry by itself. You need to realize it has failed and manually resend. This is just wrong. This problem is non-existent on the Droid X.I know, I know, I should've just got the Droid X. Instead, I've ended up hating Samsung and Verizon, while also being bummered by Amazon's response in this regard. I am big advocate of Amazon, but they truly let me down this time. I'm now stuck with this POS phone for the next 2 years. FML. /rant.There are good things about the phone, but the sheer magnitude of the negatives and lack of workarounds has truly turned me off about this phone. I wanted to like it so much..........

Went from a 3G phone to this beauty! Always wanted a smartphone, but was torn between the Fascinate and the Droid X. Went to the Verizon store to play with both, didn't really care for the look of the Droid X, motoblur doesn't do justice to it's graphic capabilities.Spec wise the Droid X is better, but once I started using the Fascinate I was sold!Very fast user interface, colors just pop, a sight to behold.Wasn't too thrilled with Bing being the default search, but when the Fascinate gets Froyo 2.2, Google search will be an option, not a big deal anyway, don't see what all the fuss is about.The fascinate is very customizable, I totally rearranged the widgets and icons, now it looks the way I want it to!Battery life is not the greatest, I get a day if I'm lucky, using the task killer app. Extended battery is coming soon.Call quality is superb! Although at times the signal strength indicator bounces from 5 bars to 0 bars, but does not interfere with calls, no dropped calls yet.3G is spotty, I often have to enable Wi-Fi to load web pages faster, got better 3G coverage on my non smartphone, go figure.Picture quality as well as video is also very good.Also has a decent speakerphone, loud enough and clear indoors, but outdoors there is too much noise to hear it.Stock web-kit browser is decent, although I downloaded opera mini, and it's blazing fast, pages load in a few seconds!Doesn't have repeat notifications for missed alerts, WHY Samsung?? Have to check the screen often to see if there are missed alerts.Cant' turn off vibrate for alerts, only for calls, again WHY??Despite a few annoying negatives, this phone is a keeper, hopefully some issues will be worked out when Froyo 2.2 is available.If it weren't for the minor gripes, I would have rated it 5 stars, but I have had my share of cell phones, and I've never had one that was perfect, but this one comes darn close!

CONS:- short battery life (although better since update Android platform & deleting Adv Task Killer)- Swype predicts some goofy words- buttons when in swype mode smallPROS:+ voice dictation for text (although always need to double-check)+ hi-res screen+ stellar camera+ love the Samsung brand for reliability and durabilityI am on this thing all day.  I take pictures all day long for work with the phone, I use apps like AndFTP to send in pics, and I talk A LOT during the day on the phone.  That said, the battery runs shorter than previous phones, but it is a little computer, so I expect it to use more "juice" and use a car charger to help keep the level up.I have had problems with the Bluetooth disconnecting, but I think that may be my car's interface, not the phone's problem.  The car may need a software update, but I thought it was worth mentioning just to give full disclosure.  Maybe other threads exist that declare it is a phone issue; I just haven't looked deep enough into the problem because it doesn't happen often.I see there are a few freezing complaints on Amazon.  I do not have those problems.  It has frozen a couple times in the 6 months I have used it, but very rarely.  Again, it's a computer, so I expect some freeze-ups.  I think it has only froze 3 times on me, and I have not had a single freeze-up since Verizon released the 2.2 Android update and I uninstalled ATK.  ATK (Advanced Task Killer) was no longer needed after this update because Android manages more eficiently (2.1 needed ATK).  I learned this AFTER I read some reviews on the app because I was having horrible battery drain.  It turns out that ATK battles Android's conservation efforts and actually drains the battery instead of helps it.I love the functionality of the phone.  I use the camera and video camera all the time for work and personal uses.  The phone calls are clear.  The apps I use run flawlessly, although there are so many unnecessary apps that I can't vouch for them all (hey, I even have 3 types of Angry Birds on the phone that do fine).  The screen clarity is phenomenal.

I've had this phone for ~5 months.  Overall, it is a good phone.highs:  1) screen is very clear, bright and easy to see.  2) Ease of use - lots of apps, easy to download.  3) lightsome downs:  1) plastic - you will need a case protector.  this is good and bad.  much lighter than Iphone...but it's a big large size phone in your pocket.  2) it does have it quirks....mostly from software.in summary, this is a good quality phone and think most people would be happy with it.

I am a professional that needs a phone to perform quickly, and have a supportive community behind it for updates, apps and the random question.I am coming from a Palm Pre, which was a wonderful device as well; simple, but easy-to-use.  unfortunately the touch screen on that device went out, and I decided to switch to an Android based phone.  What a WONDERFUL choice that was.Having Google at your fingertips (literally,) is amazing; automatically syncing calendars, contacts, and the multitude of Google-powered services like Google Voice, Maps and Navigation.  So 5 stars for the Android OS, development, and community.With respect to the phone, it's simple.  Objectively, it's the best hardware available for the Android platform on the market, and definitely one of the best in general (beats even iPhone 4.)  It's incredibly fast, smooth and reliable.  People have reported call quality, headphone jack and GPS issues--all of which have not been experienced by the large majority of Verizon Fascinate users, as demonstrated by the communities at XDA-Developers, Androidcentral, and the new [...].  I repeat, it does NOT have these severe issues people are seemingly complaining about.Subjectively, it's a gorgeous phone; Samsung's proprietary SuperAMOLED screen looks incredible.  It's chrome ring around it's all black exterior makes it look like what the iPhone 4 wishes it could be.  The only thing I think it's missing, is an external LED notification light--however there are work-arounds, including the NoLED app which uses the screen to indicate various types of notifications (SMS, email, missed call, etc.)  The battery life is fairly good, impressing most users--especially if you turn the (already ridiculously bright) screen brightness down.Now the Bing issue.  It's not one--it took me MINUTES to remove all traces of Bing from my phone, and restoring all respective Google features.  See below** for details.  Verizon has stated however, that when Google releases Android 2.2 (Froyo,) it will re-introduce Google and replace Bing... without the need for rooting, or and tinkering.  So, don't let that hold you back from an amazing phone.Pros:- Gorgeous body, and screen.  Visually one of the most stunning phones ever created.- Very fast.  The processor and memory rival the best currently available.- HUGE community support.  I can't emphasize the importance of this.- The BEST video card on the market (good for games, and smooth interface animations.)- Available for as cheap as $79 on the internet, with a 2-yr contract.Cons:- No exterior notification LED, and requires 3rd party apps for this feature- If you're not willing to spend a few minutes rooting your phone, you will be stuck with BING until Android 2.2 comes out.**NOTE: I would greatly advice even the most inexperienced users, to follow this fantastic (and VERY simple) step-by-step guide here:[...]This will allow you to root your phone (in MINUTES,) allowing you to remove all the Bloatware (all that unwanted Verizon stuff they put on your phone,) and all traces from Bing from your phone.  Then, by installing the .apk here:[...]You can restore ALL Google search, map and navigation functions.  All you'll need is Titanium Backup (a FREE app) after you've rooted, to remove whatever applications you'd like.Conclusion:Do yourself a favor, and get this phone--it's literally AMAZING, and everyone who has seen mine has drooled.

Great phone for a penny.  The brick and motor store employee could not beleive I got it for a penny.  I could not beleive you billed me the penny.  The transaction cost is greater than that.

Let me begin by saying up-front that I've been a card carrying Apple fanatic since I was young.  Having said that, for YEARS I've been foaming at the mouth over the thought of buying an iPhone.  I really thought it was the perfect hybrid of the phone and a portable entertainment device and EXACTLY want I was looking for in a phone.  However, even from the start, I just knew AT&T;'s cell phone network was garbage (at least around my area, anyway), not to mention, it was fairly expensive.  Not wanting to make the jump, I remained loyal to my Blackberry.Then Google's Droid O/S came along.  When it was released I took a really close look at it and was honestly impressed!  I thought it was a little rough around the edges, but, (especially taken in the context of a "first release") I thought it was wildly exciting and was curious to see where its "open" O/S would take it.  What held me back was still the cost of the "Droid" devices.  I figured if I was spending a comparable amount of money for a Droid device vs an iPhone, I'd rather just buy the device I really wanted.Last Black Friday, I caught wind that the Fascinate was going to be on sale for a penny.  For my fiance and I, that was all we needed to hear.  Although I knew that, eventually, the iPhone was making its way to Verizon, I had absolutely zero expectation that it was ever going to hit a price point this low.  "Free" is tough to beat and we were saving a stone-fortune for two phones going with the Fascinate (probably somewhere in the ball-park of $400).  For the money I was keeping in my pocket, it was more then in my best interest to jump behind the Droid O/S and worth the trade-off that it might be a little more clunky when it needs to "talk" to the rest of my Apple-based hardware.As for the network coverage, I love Verizon's network.  It's more expensive then a lot of other carriers, but I can get a signal anywhere.  I don't think, on Verizon, I've ever had a dropped call due to network coverage.  I need my phone for work, so for me, this gives me exactly the coverage map I was looking for.  I had T-Mobile previously and their coverage outside of the metro-Philadelphia area is awful.  I absolutely had to have something more reliable.  I, admittedly, did groan a little bit that I couldn't access data and voice at the same time.  &lt;Laughing> In other words I can't goof-off on the internet while a conference call drones on.  Not a "deal-breaker" by any means and I knew ahead of time that this was (basically) AT&T;'s only advantage, but still ... that feature probably would be something I wish I had versus not having it.Physically, the phone is a real beauty!  In my opinion, it does come across feeling a little plastic-y.  This is pretty forgivable though for the trade off of being very light-weight and razor-thin.  it lends itself very well to being dropped in a pants or sport-coat pocket without feeling like you're carrying a brick.  Even after popping a hard-case on it, it's still barely noticeable.  The front of the phone is absolutely clean and very slick-looking and the touch-screen is as responsive as I hoped it would be.  The quality of the display is jaw-droppingly beautiful and easily the phones best feature.  I honestly don't know what else to say other then "it's gorgeous"!  It's also terrific on battery life, especially in light of how nice the screen is!If I could, in my head, redesign it at all, I still would have tried to go with some kind of a metal backing versus plastic and I would have loved having direct access to the phone's 16 gig micro SD card.  As it's currently designed, you need to take the back off of your phone for access to the card.  Every time I do this to take out the memory card (and lately, that's a lot) I'm always a little worried that I'm going to crack the plastic on the back.The Google O/S is really nice!  I love having seven "desktops" to better organize the apps and widgets I use all the time.  That's a brilliant idea and something I really ran with.  Now I have all my "sports stuff" on one "desktop", all my "social networking stuff" on another ... and so on.  However, this is where I start to grumble a bit.  First, the Android market really isn't anywhere near Apples app market yet and, in my opinion, this is where Apples "closed" system has an advantage.  Android's marketplace is just loaded with emulated crap.  For example, Netflix (right now) or Hulu don't have an Android app.  If you do a search though, you'll come across (literally) dozens of third party apps that seems to be working really hard at passing itself off as first-party software.  You have to be REALLY careful about what it is you're dragging onto your phone.  I can easily see where someone who's not quite as aware that this stuff isn't legit could get themselves into trouble.  The other day I read that Google found over twenty apps on it's marketplace that were flagged, after the fact, as malware.  Now some of these apps just screamed "bad idea" but at the same time, one was labeled as "chess".  People may not necessarily "like" that Apple has as firm a thumb on its marketplace as it does, but plain fact of the matter is that this probably wouldn't have happened in their apps market.As much as I love their network coverage, Verizon has seen fit to just ram this phone full of bloat-ware.  I really wouldn't mind this (it's a Verizon phone, I "get it" that they're going to pop all of their stuff on their phone), but you can't delete any of it.  That's annoying.  What's also annoying is that, although I have a Google-phone, I'm forced to have the 'Bing' search engine rammed down my throat.  I'm a marketing guy, I understand that Microsoft paid a lot to have this on the phone.  However, I want to use 'Google' as my search option but Verizon seems to be saying 'I'm not allowed'.  I know full-well that this is simply a money issue and not some hang-up with the hardware.  This is also annoying.I travel a pretty good deal and it's not as if planes are getting roomier.  Anymore, cracking my laptop open to watch a movie isn't exactly space-friendly to either myself or anyone next to me.  To be able to stream a few TV shows or movies directly through my phone via WiFi would be really nice.  Even to be able to watch something in the airport without having to completely set up my laptop would be really helpful.  For the most part though, it's not an option.  The Fascinate uses version 2.1 of the Android O/S which doesn't support Flash 100%.  MOST web-sites will work, but there are a lot of them that don't.  It's something that is supposed to be 2.2's biggest feature (100% support for Flash).  Verizon, however, hasn't upgraded yet, even though the Facinate's hardware can handle the newer O/S and version 2.2 is quickly coming up on a year old.Neither Netflix or Hulu are available on the Android market.  From what I understand the "openness" of the O/S has distributor's freaked out about rights-management and piracy.  They want to see a level of security that (apparently) just doesn't exist on this version of the Droid O/S (2.1). This wouldn't normally bug me too much because I could always just use a program like Double-Twist to put a movie or two on my phone before I left.  It didn't exactly lend itself to casually browsing, but it was still a viable work-around so that I could watch something ... until around late January.About that time, Verizon sent a firm-ware upgrade out to fix a problem the phone's GPS was having locking onto a signal.  I'm not sure exactly why, but this upgrade seems to have obliterated any kind of mac compatibility.  Now if I connect my phone and mount the device as a portable hard drive, my iMac refuses to recognize it.  I could connect it before without any issue at all, now I can't however and no one at either Samsung or Verizon have any idea on a work-around or were even aware there was an issue.  For now, in order to transfer media to my device, I need to take the back off of it, remove the memory card and use a card reader to load it with mp3's and video.  Not exactly "convenient", to put it nicely.  I was always aware that asking the phone to "talk" to a mac O/S might require an extra step or two and I was completely OK with that.  Now that I don't seem to be able to do it at all is REALLY aggravating.  In my case the phone's functionality, strangely enough, seems to be sliding backwards.  I'm really hoping that when (or if) Verizon wakes-up and decides to grace us with Droid 2.2, it'll fix the connectivity issue I'm having.All in all, it's a great phone.  Although I do have a few complaints, the good really does outweigh anything I might be grousing about.  It's also worth mentioning that just about every issue I'd mentioned I have is completely fixable.  The hardware on the phone is really powerful and, in theory, it has the processing power to do all the things I find I'm wishing it did.The Fascinate might not be "perfect", but it's damn good.  I'd still have no problem recommending it.  If you're a mac user though, you still might want to hang onto that iPod for now ...

I bought the Samsung Fascinate about 2 weeks ago and have since returned it. I went from a dumb phone to this and just wasn't cool enough to keep.What i liked:1. The screen, killer colors & sharp images.2. Camera: took nice pics & video but lacks a hard shutter button3. User interface.  It was easy to customize the phone to my liking.4. SwipeWhat I didn't like:1. Battery life was horrible, only lasted half a day & took 3 hours to recharge.2. Camera lacks a shutter button, just a horrible decision to not put a hard shutter button on the phone.  I mean come on who doesn't like they're ladies to take pics of themselves on your phone.3. Bing4. Phone is simply too large.  Just felt weird having it in my pocket.5. Phone felt cheap what the ultra thin plastic back.In the end it was battery life that was the ultimate reason I returned the phone.  I mean for something with an msrp of $600 at least get me through the day!

I have been transitioning from my Blackberry to the Fascinate over the last week and must say I'm in love with this phone.  I was worried I would miss the keyboard as I have always hated touchscreen but it has been an easy transition!  The Swype technology is by far my favorite part of the phone.  It has learned my typing and I have very few errors to correct or words to change.  The screen is absolutely beautiful, call service is crystal clear, and has a very short learning curve.  I have full functionality for my needs with gmail and calendar being the most important.  The voice search widget is also remarkable.  The only thing I'm missing from my blackberry is BBM but otherwise I am not looking back at all!  Google chat and Skype are my other favorite features especially since I use them to converse with my husband who works overseas.  Nothing like free international calling!

I've owned all the most popular droid phones and I can report without hesitation that this Samsung Fascinate is the finest phone I've ever used. The screen display quality is unquestionably the best on the market. Stunningly bright and beautiful. The videos that I've recorded are equal and in some cases superior to my high end camcorder. Camera is superb. This phone is lightening fast and extremely well organized. I prefer Google to Bing so it took me all of 30 seconds to take care of that. Touch one button and you are using "voice activated text". No more typing of text messages. Just say it clearly and there it is on the screen. I could go on for pages but I will cut this short by saying that this is a first rate piece of technology that will satisfy and thrill even the most demanding techno buffs.

The fascinate is a very fun phone; I've had it for two months now - it works great!  I'm a power user and am almost constantly looking something up in the browser, using my calender, or emailing/texting/calling.  I have not rooted mine, but I find that I haven't needed to so far for any of my needs.  They say Froyo will make it easy to get rid of the apps I do not use or like, and in the meantime it is easy to use google search and apps instead.The only major fault I can find with the Fascinate hardware is that the power and volume physical buttons are directly across from each other on the opposite sides of the phone so that when you press one it is hard not to also press the other.  It would have been better designed if the power button were on the top side like the iphone in my opinion.The only other problem I've had with it, which I'm not sure about the customization for, is that when I'm playing music on it and jogging with it in my hand or pocket, lots of times the volume buttons are accidentally pressed and the volume changes even though the phone is locked.  This can be annoying because I have to be careful not to press the buttons, but it may be a changeable feature.Other than that, I absolutely love this phone.  The screen is bright and very fun to look at.  All the droid apps available make it a fun toy to play with, the sound is great as a phone, though I would get some sort of toothless if you want to do anything while talking because it will slip out from between your cheek and shoulder if you hold it that old school way while trying to use both hands.Also, the sound quality for playing music (with good headphones/earbuds) is great!  Without headphones it is okay, the speaker is normal for a phone I think.  And of course, Verizon is awesome for consistent reception - I live in the middle of nowhere and am able to use pandora on my whole commute without interuption.Buy it - you wont be sorry! : )

My wife and I recently decided to pick up some smartphones.  Our first choice was the iPhone (It's what we knew of) but we are Verizon customers.  I started looking at Android and really liked what I saw (moreso than Apple) so we started shopping.  In the end for me it came down to the Droid X and the Samsung Fascinate, and we both purchased the later.What's Good:Physical Dimensions - First off, the phone is light...I mean really light.  The phone is a good bit bigger than the iPhone 4 yet weighs less.  It feels excellent in your hand, just the right size.  The controls are all well laid out and intuitive.Display - Super AMOLED.  You'll hear it touted like crazy, but what exactly does it mean?  The Super part of that simply means there are fewer layers of air/material between the display and the external glass, which translates to the colors being less washed out the images less fuzzy.  AMOLED is the display technology itself: instead of having a color backlight with other colors displayed on top like an LCD, each pixel of the phone starts at "off" (black) and turns on to displays a full color.  The result is brilliant colors that jump off the screen and look fantastic.  People may complain of a slight blue hue, but I haven't noticed it.Speed - I'll get right to it, the Galaxy S phones are the "fastest" Smartphones available in 3D applications.  The GPU is made for flying through 3D content with great speed.  Unfortunately there just isn't alot of 3D applications/games out right now, so alot of this power is wasted.  Downloads are very quite quick over 3G or WiFi.User Interface - TouchWiz is pretty slick.  My wife loves it, I think in large part because it reminds her of the iPhone.  Home screens and your application drawer are displayed in pages that you can swipe left or right through.  It works well and is quite fast.  Personally, I prefer the look of Android for my applications, but there are plenty of launchers that will change that with ease.Camera - It may "only" be 5MP but the pictures are sharp.  A 720p video camera is also an excellent addition.Call Quality - Some people seem to have issues with the call quality on their phones, on both mine and my wife's phones though the quality is excellent over both the microphone and the speaker.What's Bad:Bing - You'll hear this all the time and honestly it's all personal preference, but I'll list this as a "bad."  Android was developed by Google and every Android phone out now EXCEPT the Fascinate comes pre-loaded with all the Google goodies.  Google maps, search, navigator, etc.  For some reason Verizon/Samsung decided that they would switch to Microsoft's Bing services instead which, to be honest, are simply not as good.  The maps/navigator don't work as well nor look as good, Bing search isn't as slick.GPS - This isn't just a Fascinate issue, this is an issue with all the Galaxy S phones.  For some reason the GPS will not locate/use the GPS satellites correctly.  Put your Galaxy S phone side-by-side with most other Android phones and there is no comparison.  Thankfully (or so we're told) this is a software issue and should be remedied in the near future.  Until then you can download the free application "GPS Status & Toolbox" which will help the GPS to work correctly, although not perfectly.Build Materials - The tradeoff of having a very light phone is that it uses lots of plastic parts.  It doesn't irk me much, but it may some when compared even to other Galaxy S phones like AT&T;'s Captivate which comes with a very nice rear cover.Camera Controls - While the pictures themselves are very good I do wish they would offer a physical camera button on the side of the phone.  And since they don't, I wish when you rotated the phone 90 degrees to take portrait pictures that there would be some sort of notification (nothing on the screen changes at all).Capacitive Button Backlight - This is something so simple I'm sure a software update could fix it, but I've heard nothing about it yet.  The four buttons on the base of the phone are touch sensitive, but the backlight that illuminates them only stays on for 2 or so seconds and then shuts off unless you lock/unock the phone.  Trying to find the correct button when it's dark is a pain, they should make the duration of the light customizable.Battery Life - This is a two sided sword.  The Fascinate comes with a beautiful SAMOLED screen and that rocket of a GPU, but both of those consume a good bit of battery power.  Honestly though the battery is nearly as strong as that of the Droid X.  If you use your phone alot for browsing the internet, app market, etc the Droid X will last longer.  If you don't and want a battery that will last long when on standby the Fascinate battery will last longer.  Unfortunately for me I'm in the former group and find myself wishing I my phone wasn't running out of juice so fast.Android 2.1 - This isn't much of a negative, but it needs to be addressed.  Many of the big-name smartphones nowadays are shipping with the next version of Android's software, 2.2 (Froyo).  Samsung has stated for a while that all the Galaxy S phones will get Froyo but have never specified exactly when and have been stringing their consumers along for a while.  It's getting frusterating and needs to be released, although only after being properly tested (releasing 2.2 for the Droid X caused alot of issues).What's being done:OK, so there are my good and bad points, but what is being done?  The biggest part is Froyo, the release of which should fix several of the Fascinate's issues.  First, with Froyo you will be able to use all the Google services instead of Bing.  On top of that, rumor has it (although it's not been confirmed) that the GPS works perfectly with Froyo.Overall I really like the Fascinate, it's not perfect but it is a very solid phone that will be even better when Froyo comes out (hopefully in the very near future).  I actually did contemplate trading it in for a Droid X in my "30 day satisfaction guarantee" period but having tried both I do like the Fascinate a little more.  The X has a few features I do wish would make their way to the Fascinate (built in HDMI out, the ability to zoom in on text boxes and fine-place your cursor, etc), but it's physically bigger than I'd like and the screen isn't as sharp.Both are excellent options but if you're a Verizon customer you owe it to yourself to give the Fascinate a good look.

The only redeeming quality of this phone is the call quality.  It makes great calls.Everything else is terrible.  The phone feels cheap.  The camera is blurry and doesn't reproduce colors well.  Verizon/Samsung loaded Android up with a god-awful skin, tons of un-removable bloat-ware, a slow filesystem (instead of the default, which is worlds faster and more reliable), and have kept this phone on Android 2.1 (which is over a year old now) ever since the phone was released.

Chris Hann summed up what I wanted to say nicely.Its a nice phone. It certainly contends with the other Verizon heavy hitters available right now (Droid X/ Droid 2). The display is GORGEOUS, it takes pretty decent pictures and while I dont love the TouchWiz UI, its a matter a preference.But, as Chris said, there are annoyances. I hate all the crap applications Verizon loaded it with pre-shipping. What's worse is that theres no way to get rid of them (and worse still, if you use the interface it ships with, when you hit 'apps' all the bloatware is shown first, with no way of rearranging- so you have to scroll through two pages of awful programs before you can get to what you want.)Its also obnoxious that bing is the default search and that the phone back feels so cheaply made.However if you can learn to live with those things you can get the same features as the Droid 2 with more memory and a larger, more stunning screen for $200 less.I'm not returning it.

My first smart phone.  The only real compliant is the lack of significant battery life.  The app killer has helped along with the car charger.  Other then the battery, this phone will be a great help when traveling on business.

I am currently due for upgrade. I have viewed the latest version of this phone, looks great. but im in no rush to let my current one go(original version). It

So far I am very happy with my phone. I am new to smart phones and a former Alltel customer that has been moved to Verizon. Verizon gave us a very good deal because of this.I don't like the fact that Bing is the default search. I tried using it but I still prefer Google. I have created a google bookmark for my home page and that is in place where the Bing icon was. I don't like Verizon's bloatware. When you click on Browser you get Verizon's tricked up page. I thought the Car Cradle was a nice app but the navigation section defaults to Vz navigator.  The map and search default to bing, etc. City ID is something else they want you to pay for. Many of the applications are stubs for different vendors where they want you to buy something from them. I have moved the apps I am interested in to one of seven front screen.If you can ignore all that this is a super phone. The display is beautiful. I am using the Swype keyboard and although there is a learning curve it seems easy to pick up. If you are just typing regular on the keyboard, the letter you hit gets a blue glow for a second so you know if you are hitting the correct key or not. The number pad for the phone is huge.GPS works good for me. I tried to set up GPS using the google navigation app that I downloaded and had trouble. I heard about an app called GPS test, downloaded that from the Market and used that to set up my GPS. Works great now. If I have a question I go to Android Central and look through their forum.Battery life is great. I had heard such horror stories about smartphones and batteries. The Fascinate has a task manager app and when I am finished using the phone I check that app and turn off the apps that are still running.So far I am happy. As time goes on, I will learn more and maybe even consider rooting to get rid of the verizon stuff. I'm looking forward to Android 2.2. I hope Verizon will fix some of their lame decisions that they have been getting so much feedback about.  The phone is fast.

Let me start by saying, if you aren't going to root this phone, I would rate it a 2.  Only reason this phone gets a 4 is because it can be rooted.*No Message Notifier - In order to see if you have a new email, text or missed call you have to hit the button to turn on the screen (work around install NoLED app).  I just want to say, just because somebody (iPhone) does something one way, doesn't mean you need to copy this. Good Job Samsung.*Can't take a picture while on a phone call with default software - I have no idea what is up with this. Every phone that has a camera does not have this limit.For now I'm using Camera 360, which allows me to the camera while on the phone.  Good Job Verizon.*Verizon Bloatware - This part is the worst!  There are plenty of apps that come pre-installed that you can't uninstall (without rooting) that are a pay service.  One example is CityID.  This software tells you what City and state your incoming call is coming from.  Well, you'll get a popup to Agree or continue to use trial mode.  If you happen to accidentally click Agree, you will be charged $3/month.  Are you serious?  Verizon already has the most expensive plans out there and now they want to milk more money from the consumer with this kind of stuff.  Good Job Verizon.Reception - Reception is questionable on this phone.  There are plenty of discussions of how this phone will get less reception than the Droid X at the same location.  Hope Samsung corrects this in an update.  Good Job Samsung.*No mute (physical) button - What is with these new phones that don't have a mute button?  So you are on the phone, you need to mute.  You have to unlock the phone, and then hit mute.  Or if you are doing other stuff on the phone, you have to drag open the notification bar and hit mute.  Again, just because iPhone does something, doesn't mean it's the best way.  Good Job Samsung.*When on a phone call, the phone loves to lock itself -  Even is you have the timeout for 2 mins, the phone will sometimes go dim and lock itself after like 10 seconds.*Not enough customization setting options - Like you can't set one sound for email and a different sound for sms and another sound for mms.  it's just one setting for 'notification'*2GB core RAM - argh!  Come on now.*Battery Life is OK - A basic day of usage and the phone is crying for a charge.  This isn't with game playing or leaving apps open and such like that.  Just some texting and calls.Ok, that's enough of the negative.  And based on that you would think I would not like the phone, but I do actually like the phone. The sad thing is it could be so much better, but it's the best out of the selection we have.  Rooting does help with some of the complaints I have and it's not that hard to do.It's thin, lightweight, snappy, picture quality is great for a camera phone, screen is crisp, uses standard micro-usb for charging, easy to navigate the interface.

I have a lot of experience with the android OS as well as the iphone iOS and as much as i hate apple i would rather that then this.  It constantly freezes and needs to be rebooted. (and by freezes i mean on a blank screen when all i'm doing is tapping messages) I shouldn't have to remove the battery once a day due to its OS and it shouldn't freeze when you press messaging.  Not to mention almost every app i eventually decide to download force closes within seconds and for some reason it has a tendency to open apps without me telling it to.  Not to mention the battery sucks worse than the 1st iphone.  i barely talk on it, don't listen to music, rarely text, yet somehow the battery manages to make it to 10% in 4 hrs.  your better off spending your money on a tracphone at least it works when you need it to.

Important: Currently Samsung does not update their phones to current versions of Android and there's no indication that this will change. So you're going to be stuck with v2.1 while the rest of the market moves forward to newer versions. This means that your phone will remain outdated, even though it doesn't have to be.Its a shame because this phone really has potential to be a great device. The screen is fantastic, and overall construction quality is good. Unfortunately the software is riddled with bugs that make usability frustrating and sometimes impossible. Getting GPS signal often takes >20 minutes, syncing with online services can be touch-and-go, freeze ups are common (including the phone functionality), etc. I went back to the Verizon store and was told that this is a common complaint and the only thing you can do is pull out the battery and reset.I'm not sure if I'll stay with Android for future phones but I'm 100% sure I'll never go with Samsung again.

Had this phone since xmas... and i love it... bloated and all it's still quick and the screen outshines any other phone on the market... never had any of the problems that most people talk about.

For Cliffs See Bottom...Full Review:I have gone through the different Android devices that Verizon has offered and I must say that this device is by far my overall favorite and in my opinion the best iPhone competitor out there.  While I know that there has been a lot of debate over this phone because of lack of Android 2.2 from Samsung, and that Verizon made Bing the mandatory search but these 2 things do not outweigh the benefits of this phone.I want to start this off by saying that I have owned most of the "high end" Android devices on Verizon.  I bought this also AFTER the iPhone 4 was released on Verizon so I will do my best to keep that in mind while doing this review.  I started with Droid back when Verizon offered the frist Touch Screen Droid with a full QWERTY keyboard.. the Droid 1.  Then I moved on the HTC Incredible for a long period of time which that is when I fell in love with these devices.  After the Incredible I went back to my Blackberry for a while (for work purposes until they decided to finally support Android OS) and once I was able to convert again I bought a Droid X.Now there are a lot of comparisons out there between the X and Fascinate.  Yes the X is bigger, has google, OS 2.2, and the "pure Android experience" but what I did not like about the X was the standard interface features of the SMS/MMS and EMail, as well the costatn glitches that I had.  That is for another review which I will be doing for the Droid X.  Once I got fed up with the constant "issues" I had with the Droid X, I went and bought this Samsung Fascinte (I have the limited edition white version only sold at BestBuy... same hardware, different color).I want to start by saying this phone screams sexiness.  It looks a lot nicer than the Droid X, feels a lot nicer in your hand, much lighter and the screen looks stunning.  That isn't to say the Droid X screen wasn't gorgeous but the Super AMOLED screen is just stunning and in my opinion unbeatable.  It does feel slightly cheaper because it is made more form plastic but that also contributes to it feeling lighter.  My only concern here is that because of the plastic glossy feel to it, if your hands are slightly sweaty or moist the phone gets slippery.  Easily solved with a case though which most people would buy to protect this beauty.  So for looks, I would deffinetly say this is where the Fascinate blows everything out of the water.Performance wise there have been a lot of people complaining that the phone freezes, or lags at times but I have not had that happen once to me (I'm sure after I am done typing this my phone will freeze just to prove me wrong but thats how life works right?) and from what I can tell it performs just as good as the Droid X, if not better.  My Droid X sometimes would have a screen lag with live wallpapers, or it would actually loose the cellular signal and could not recieve texts, emails, or phone calls until I rebooted the phone.  For this, I have not had any problem loosing service or not receiving texts, calls or emails.  The only performance issue that I notice is that this takes slightly longer to download apps or load web pages but in 99% of the cases it only takes 1-2 seconds longer than the Droid X did.  Here comes the downside, there is no Google search by using the search button on the device.  To Google something you need to go the webpage which isn't a problem but sometimes can be an annoyance.  Bing search isn't bad, but Google is Googel... 'nuff said.  So performance wise, I would say this phone takes my vote by a slight margin.Battery life is the bane to these types of devices existence.  The only way to give perspective is to compare devices here that I have used.  Now, for all the phones that I used I let the battery FULLY drain (to 5% of battery life) 2 times then recharged to 100% to get a fully battery cycle.  Myself, I text pretty much all day so the screen is constantly turning on and off and then there is the occasional web browsing, app downloading, or playing Angry Birds.  I did this on all the Droid phones I am comparing.  My HTC Incredible lasted usually 1 on average.  My Droid X on average lasted a poor 6-8 hours, I could not go an entire day without swapping a battery or charging my phone.  Fascinate honestly surprise me with a battery life of a 1.5 days, and it probably could have lasted 2 full days if I did not plug it in at 25%.The screen quality and camera quality are just Fascinating (see what I did there?).  Pictures and videos look crystal clear and even though the X has an 8mp Camera compared to a 5mp on the Fascinate, the quality appears better on the Fascinate than it ever did on my Droid X.  As for screen quality, either option will be a great choice, but the Super AMOLED screen really makes the color pop and makes everything just look much bolder and colorful.  I didn't think I would see a difference in quality but there truely is.  Samsung uses "TouchWiz" which basically makes the Application Drawr look like an iPhone screen and personally I like that, makes finding apps more managable and you can move your most commonly used apps to the first screen so you don't need to load up you home screens with app icons.  Some people love it, some people hate it but personally I love this TouchWiz interface.Bottom Line:Looking at the most important functions of this phone it is a great choice when looking for an iPhone alternate that has a gorgeous screen and all the function of Android except 1 or 2 then this is a perfect choice.  It is simpilar to use for those who never owned an Adroid device before while retaining the best functions of the operating system.  Overall I would say this is the best Android phone that Verizon has to offer and in my personal opinion, better than the iPhone.Cliffs:Pros:-Sexy Looks-Amazing Screen Colors-Feels Easier to Hold-Lightweight-Does Not Get as Hot as Droid X-Battery Life Good-Camera Takes Excellent Quality Pictures-Fast and Responsive-TouchWiz makes OS more user friendlyCons:-No Google Default Search-No OS 2.2 (Yet - Samsung and Verizon say "soon")-Feels a Little Cheap Due to Plastic-Glossy Finish Gets Slippery When Hands are Sweaty

For many years I actively chose to have only the cheapest types of cell phones, for use in emergency. It could help me if I got stuck at the side of the road, or let someone get a hold of me in an important situation. The high monthly cost of a data plan - on top of what I already considered an outrageous amount of money just to have the emergency device - seemed an insurmountable barrier.Finally though in 2010 it seemed like every time I was out of the house I needed access to information from the internet. I run several websites as my business, and now in addition I was taking online classes. There were many times that I needed to check on information, or take care of a problem, or perform some other internet based task. The idea of lugging around a laptop and finding a wi-fi spot seemed like it would not work well long term. Also, there was the threat that internet plans could go to a metered system, providing incentive to make the jump now.After looking over the available phones on the market, testing a number of them out, and comparing their features with the coverage of the phones in Massachusetts, I finally decided to go with the Samsung Fascinate. I was lucky that in early October, Best Buy chose to offer the Fascinate for free. I like free!The phone comes with a power charger that works with an outlet - and the same cord also unplugs from the "outlet box" and becomes a USB plug for you to plug into your computer. So the one plug / cord unit works both with electrical outlets and with USB connections on your computer.The phone is very easy to use for newbies. A power button on the right side turns it on and off. A set of buttons across the bottom always give you access to the settings for the page you're on, the main homepage, going 'back' to wherever you just were, and a search function. The rest of the main face is taken up by the screen. On the left is a volume toggle.The screen is *gorgeous*. Bright, clear, sharp colors, absolutely beautiful. I immediately found the app store and poked around for some pretty backgrounds. It took maybe 2 minutes to find an animated aquarium background complete with swimming fish that you could feed and streams of bubbles. The app store is easy to use, and the download was quick!In only a few more minutes I had gmail set up to stream my mail down, Skype set up to chat with my father, and AIM to talk with my son. Moving items onto the pages was very straightforward. So was setting up contact lists, watching a Facebook stream, getting to weather and news.Browsing is quite easy. They do steer you in a Bing direction, but you can of course bookmark any page you want including Google. Zooming in and out of webpages is smooth, and I had no problem using a variety of webpages that I tested out.The photos taken by the phone are very impressive. I've got a variety of photos online already and they look just as sharp as the ones taken with my other digital cameras.So far I have had the unit for two weeks, and I have loved every day of it. Each time I leave the house with it I have found it useful for some task or another. I have a silicone case on it for protection, and I am fortunate that my purse has a nicely sized padded pouch in it to keep it safe when I am traveling. I know it's always a balance between wanting to keep the unit safe and also to have it remain light and non-bulky. For me the slim silicone case does well. I find it a great size to see things on, without being TOO big to make it unwieldy.Well recommended - I'll post updates as I use it more! So far I don't have any downsides at all to my choice. I absolutely love its functionality.

Update: On 2/28/11 I obtained the Odin software needed to upgrade the phone to the leaked and jail broken Froyo Androidcentral forums. The procedure went exactly as described and now I have what the phone should have been delivered with. The changes aren't vast but they are significant. The biggest change is that during post-installation setup you get to choose not to use Bing and after that the search works as you would hope, with Google, even from the search button. Some applications suddenly admit they can work as widgets. It's a nice detail cleanup that the phone should originally have shipped with and seems to undo the heavy handed commercial damage Verizon did to line their pockets. No guarantees the official version will be as nice though, if it ever arrives. This may not now be the best Android phone, but they have worked out well for us. End of update.We got two of these phones three weeks ago, since then we have found a lot that we like and a little that we really dislike. The dislikes are all things Verizon did to the software.In the comments someone points out that it may be possible to just burn Android 2.2 on to the phone. That is rumored, but isn't something most people will do. The rumor mill says Spain will get the Froyo release in late October '10 and people are going to try using that. Verizon has also announced that they will make the Google search engine available on the official 2.2 release, however they won't be making it the search engine for other services, so when another application starts a search it will still be redirected through the Verizon search portal to Bing. So this is no real improvement over deleting the Bing boxes and installing Google from the marketplace, so their big announcement saves you a couple of minutes whilst making no difference to the software. Another method is to rip-off the Google search elements from another Galaxy S model and install that and a third party application launcher which will then use it, but this is probably more low level messing around than most users will want to do. They shouldn't need to. If you decide to do that you need the SDK, which you can download for free, and some instructions you can find in the Android forums.Verizon has disabled some of the functionality of Google's Android operating system and replaced it with their own shoddy software in a cynical attempt to con people in to paying them more. The Google search engine has been excised from the system and replaced with Bing, you can't remove Bing from the system and you can't replace it for some purposes. I don't want earn money for Verizon by allowing MS to show me things MS is being paid to sell me. I'd rather they pay Google to show me things they have been paid to sell me because I prefer their style. It seems a fair return to Google for providing free maps and navigation.But anyway... as well as removing Google's search functionality they have also removed Google's GPS functionality and maps. That has been replaced by Verizon Navigator and Bing maps. Verizon Navigator is very poor and is expensive. Why should I pay ten bucks a month for a poor application that replaces the free one that Google built into the Android operating system? I had hoped that using Android would mean I didn't have to put up with Verizon's tinkering with the O/S. My past experience would suggest that they aren't very good at it.Happily you can download Google apps from the ap store, but you can't re-integrate them into the phone. You also can't eliminate the bloated load of garbage that Verizon added as a revenue minefield for the unwary. If you could I'd have deleted a whole bunch of it by now, things like VCAST, VZNavigator, City ID, Skype and Blockbuster. It's not just that they are there, even though I don't use them they get started and use battery and performance; right now my phone is running voice commands, music player, video player, car cradle, bing, City ID and Skype mobile - I haven't started any of those. I might use the music and video players but the others are either entirely unwanted or just useless.As an alternative to paying ten bucks a month for Verizon Navigator (No, really, don't do that), you can use Google which is probably the best navigation deal for the phone. Alternatively Waze is a popular and sometimes amusing collaborative GPS solution. If you are going to be off the network CoPilot looks like very good value, for $20 you get a full GPS with maps of the whole of North America. CoPilot plotted a route from San Jose CA to Vancouver BC in a couple of seconds, a Motorola TN765T costs a couple of hundred bucks and won't do that, it can't route across borders.When you use the Samsung car cradle, which is very good, it automatically starts the car mode. Unfortunately that just offers all the pre-installed pay-per-use software and no apparent way to customize it. Surely there must be?Now the good stuff.Android 2.2 Froyo may be available around October '10 for this phone, that is rumored to significantly improve performance.This is a really fast little computer with a network connection and a phone application. The menus fly around, most of the time. Occasionally they get bogged down, no idea why, but this is a known issue and supposed to be fixed in v2.2. You can scroll through long lists with the flick of a finger. It's pretty easy to set it up to connect to wireless networks. Bonding to a Bluetooth headset was simple. The device arrives with a 16Gb MicroSD card and I expect that will keep me happy for a while.The camera seems nice enough from the few pictures I have taken. The LED flash is years ahead of the LG Dare, it actually illuminates the image pretty well and doesn't turn it all blue. It works. The shutter is a bit slow, but I was trying to take pictures of our black cat who wouldn't sit still! Video quality is also excellent, it does a better job of compressing 720p video than my Panasonic camera.Once Google maps was downloaded the GPS turned out to be pretty useful, if I have any further comments on that I will be back. I used it to make my 50 mile trip home, I usually use an old Garmin GPS which is pretty much accurate to the minute, Google agreed to within two minutes. For me the voice navigation was useless, but maybe it just doesn't work on deep English voices? I'll let my better half try and report back. If I had had to use the voice entry I'd still be stuck at work.The live wallpaper is really trick, something MS tried to do years ago on Windows and caused a lot of crashing. The standard background is a sort of fake rock pool, the 'water' ripples when you touch the screen. I switched to the live map background, for now at least, it shows the local map... with traffic. Phones have certainly come a long way in the last few decades.Loading music was fairly easy, you need to set the USB in to sync mode, but after that it will talk to Windows Media Player. Initially I tried Winamp but that doesn't work, or at least it was easier to just switch to Media Player than to experiment, so that's what I did. I dragged some albums on the the phone and then told it to sync and it did. Not as fast as loading an iPod, but fast enough. The music player on the phone isn't fantastic in the UI area, but it works. I'll certainly try something else though.I thought I had problems using the device on a charger, but then I noticed that I had got the cable mixed up with one connected to some appalling no-name Chinese charger, swapping to the Samsung charger fixed the issue... but something to be aware of if you plan to recycle all your old micro-USB gear for use on the new phone.Would I do it again? Would I still buy this over the Droid X or 2? Yes. I'm not returning it tonight, but I will probably be rooting it so that I can eliminate the annoying Verizon bloatware. This reminds me of the days when MS integrated IE into Windows, they got in to deep legal problems and I don't see how Verizon/MS removing Google functionality is different.If you want to use this in a car I recommend you get the Samsung windshield mount and a car charger with a long enough straight cable to reach where you decide to put it. The Samsung mount is very good compared to the collection of broken generic ones I have used in the past, the only down side is that neither it nor the phone come with a suitable power supply. Verizon has the mount and there are many MicroUSB chargers on Amazon. As stated earlier you should probably avoid the no-name types and stick to a major manufacturer, I have used LG, Samsung and Motorola chargers and a USB cable connected to HP and Dell computers, so I don't think it is too choosy about chargers.

I HATE THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it always freezing up on me im getting so sick of it...to the point were id rather not even use it so it wont freeze up!! DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!

Last fall, I decided to take the plunge and get a true smartphone.  For the past few years, I've had semi-smart phones from LG and Verizon (the enV and it's descendents, including the Voyager and the enV Touch).  I decided I wanted an Android phone, so I started looking at VzW's Android offerings.My short list wound up being this phone, and the Droid 2.  It boiled down to whether or not I wanted a physical keyboard.  I decided to try the Fascinate, and see if I could handle not having an actual keyboard on the phone.Looking at the hardware specs, there's a lot to like about this phone.  Everyone has raved about the SuperAMOLED screen, and it's justified.  This is quite simply, one of the most gorgeous phone screens currently available.  It does come with a price though, when the brightness is all the way up it sucks wattage off the battery like a fat kid eating pudding.  But this screen must be seen in person.  Go to your local Verizon store and play with one, and you'll see what I mean.  It also sports a 1 Ghz CPU, among the fastest currently available for Android.If you go play with one at the local store, though, you'll also see what I dislike about the phone.  For starters, it's still on Android 2.1 (Eclair), which is two revisions and about a year behind the times.  And this has been HEAVILY modified by Samsung and Verizon.  The most noteworthy change was making Bing the default search engine.  Bing on an Android/Google product?  That's just wrong...it's like buying a Mercedes-Benz only to find out the dealership put a Renault engine under the hood!  There's lots of other Verizon bloatware that comes as the stock software load on this phone.Bottom line is, unless you're willing to root the phone and remove or disable a lot of this crap, it's probably not worth your time and money.  Go with either the Droid or Droid X to get a truer Android experience.UPDATE (2/5/2011): I'm a LOT happier with this phone now.  Thanks to the modding community, who got their hands on an early copy of Android OS v2.2 (Froyo), and put out a modified version of it with Bing and a lot of the Verizon bloatware removed!  I'm currently running build number DL30 (the current release build is DL09).  There are a lot of little improvements, and a few minor bugs and annoyances.  But this is not for the faint of heart, you have to root the phone, and tinker with the software innards.

Pros: 4" display with great clarity and brightness and to put in perspective that's 30% larger area than iPhone 4To me 4" display size is optimum neither small nor too large for a jeans pocketCamera performs respectably indoor and outdoor for both still pictures as well as 720p videosi've seen video clips from this phone and iPhone 4 on desktop. And I found colors were better captured than iPhone 4I was't expecting it to replace my stand alone camera, so happy with the results.GPS works well and locks signal pretty fast - at least wherever i tried.The phone overall is very responsive.Bluetooth works great for voice calls as wells as music.I connect this to my car audio and that makes life much easier.Wireless n is a nice feature.Haven't tried the DLNA but once i get a compatible TV that will be usefuli like the horizontal paging of home screen and applications better than vertical.Cons: speaker is not that great.No front facing camera.No built-in stand/clip to put on desk while watching media.No HDMI port.Other thoughts: before getting this i used vibrant (Galaxy S on TMobile) for 2 months. the 2 phones are almost identical with few minor differences i noticed1. fascinate is slightly longish (very small difference) and the power button is little lower compared to vibrant. since i was used to vibrant even that minor difference felt awkward first week.2. vibrant's speaker for some reason sounded noticeably better than fascinate. i was surprised and retried few more times on both fones and it was same result3. fascinate has a led flash for camera and vibrant doesn't, that does make a big difference for many photos

I purchased this phone in September 2010. I loved the screen, it's still amazing, however the Android OS v2.1 has MAJOR flaws on this phone. Verizon has made Bing the default search engine and there's no way to switch it to Google... I was told that Android OS v2.2 would be available in October, so I purchased the phone. When October came and went I inquired about the update and Verizon said "soon"... still nothing. We received Android OS 2.1update1 and that is ALL. Sine the official Android OS version is several versions BEYOND the non existent v2.2, 70% of my apps required me to update and are now incompatible with this phone. To top off the horrible support and constant "force close"/"out of date" errors I receive while using this phone, the battery life is garbage. (It's "OK" if you never use BlueTooth, surf the web, use GPS or WiFi.Avoid this phone AT ALL COSTS!

Verizon needs to let the android system perform to it's full potential instead of replacing certain functions with "verizon's version" of those functions. AKA navigator instead of google maps. Hello!A few other quirks that are irritating are the inability of droid to sync back and forth between the phone and outlook. Yes, it will sync with the outlook calendar and contacts, but it won't sync from the phone to outlook.... what's with that? So I have to go around with two calendars to keep track of my day. It doesn't work to cart around a desktop computer, enter all your calendar events on the computer and then sync to your phone. Both devices should work in tandem.  Same with notes. the notes app on the phone won't sync to anything on the computer. On that I downloaded a different app that would ultimately sync with my computer.On the battery life, coming from a blackberry, I wasn't too bothered. I have chargers in my home, car and work so the phone is generally charged all the time. On the one day that I was on the road for my job, I got 8 hours and 51 min of battery life. I was taking pictures (over 50), playing a couple of games, browsing the internet and making phone calls during that time period).It's a really light phone. I like that.Touch screen and swype is good. Still getting used to that. is there a spell check on this thing?Generally a nice phone, but coming from blackberry, I can tell that android still has some work to do.

I got this phone a month ago, the first week was bliss. I had only a few minor flaws with the phones (mainly problems with the Android OS). After that first week however, the phone has essentially become complete crap. The device, just in the last week, has frozen on me 4 times in the last week, 12 times total since the end of week 1. There have been times where it refuses to take a charge, or times where it will not turn on completely (stays stuck on verizon loading screen). The phone is a piece of poop, the screen and Swype feature are the only enjoyable parts to the phone. I love swype, samsung nearly perfected that. The battery is what you expect from any smartphone. The phone clearly needs a better processor and more RAM. Don't choose this phone

Got this phone in November '10. Have had problems from day 1. Phone freeze, inconsistent 3g connectivity, phone does ring and no notice of missed call but then I get a voicemail alert, turns on and off by itself, etc. Also, when I got the phone I was told, along with thousands of others with this phone, that the software would be updated within the next few weeks. Finally, after almost 7 months the update came, however the problems with the phone continued despite several trips to the Verizon store and calls to CS. Finally, after almost 9 months with this POC Samsung, Verizon says they will replace this phone because of "known issues". Unfortunately, the replacement phone choices are limited unless I want to pay several hundred dollars more. So I have chosen to go with the Samsung Charge (no, I didn't really want another Samsung, but it was the best of the choices I was given). I will post my review of the new phone once I have had a chance to try it out. Hopefully, it will at least be better than the Fascinate, plus, its 4g.

Let see...my boyfriend had this great idea. The idea was that we'd get new phones, and since we had seen this particular one and played with it and someone recommended this phone (mind you, this person worked for Verizon, he wanted us to get these ones. Since I just had a little rinky-dink slider from T-Mobile, and he tends to be the more 'techy' of the two of us, I just handed the entire task over to him. I was informed than I had to switch companies in order to get this particular phone but at the time. Despite the fact that I had been with T-Mobile for who knows how long, I was ok with switching since Verizon claims they have the best coverage. Plus, I had been with Verizon in the past, and never had ANY issues with them back then. They're a bit more expensive than T-Mobile, but the BF was paying the bill, so whatever. Fast forward to now having the phones and new service....I can't talk on this phone ANYWHERE in my city for more than 10 minutes without it dropping a call. ANYWHERE. Some times it even drops calls two, three, four times. When it's not dropping calls, it's cutting out constantly. I have to ask the person I'm talking to, to repeat themselves after almost everything they say--no joke. A lot of times, this ends in cutting a conversation short because of frustration. And yes, I checked the map of where Verizon gets good service and my city IS in fact listed as one of the better areas. Liars.Both of our phones freeze CONSTANTLY. Wanna take a picture with the crappy camera installed in this phone? Too bad. You'll have to restart the phone first because it freezes. Sometimes you may even have to go as far as taking out the battery. By the time you do that, then put the battery back in and restart the phone and wait ten minutes for it to fully load up, your 'Kodak moment' will surely be gone. Mine always is. Same goes for the video. Every time I want to make a video with this phone, I have to restart it (shut it off and turn it back on). Not sometimes. EVERY TIME.My boyfriend updated his to Froyo and since then, his phone doesn't hold a charge. I've read that others have had this same issue (along with the other issues my boyfriend & I both have with our phones). Not like the phone stayed charge for long anyway, but now he can bet on about two or three hours maximum; this is without much usage. He has to charge his phone twice a day. After seeing his frustration with the phone after the update, as well as ALL the other issues the phone has, get worse, I chose not to update my phone.Sometimes when my boyfriend's phone freezes, (which is often), his menu buttons blink on and off--and sometimes, the phone just shuts itself off for you! Nice, huh?  :|Point is, not only did I wish within days that I had not switched over from T-Mobile to Verizon due to crappy service, (I never had ONE dropped call the entire time I was with T-Mobile, which was for about three or four years) but also because the phone itself is just generally a really bad phone. It makes me miss my rinky dink slider. I definitely WOULD NOT recommend this phone to anyone. Even some lady in a store I was in, was talking with me about how terrible her phone is....and it was the same phone as this one. It's almost been a year now since we've made the change over to Verizon to get these particular phones, and I have to say, it was a BIG mistake.

I've had the Fascinate for a couple of days now and have been very happy with it so far.I agree that Verizon's decision to make Bing the unchangeable default search engine was unfortunate. But after using the phone for a while, I can say that it's really a trivial issue. You can still get to Google Search easily from a Web browser if you prefer; you can still install Google Maps and Google Navigation, and when you do so, you also get Google Voice Search.And in fact, the default Bing search works just fine. Every time I've used it, it found what I was looking for. If the search works, I don't really care whose branding is on it.If you really want to get around the Bing issue, it isn't hard to find instructions on how to do so (you don't even have to root the phone if all you want is the Google Search widget, and Google mapped to the search key). But for the vast majority of users, I'd say this whole Bing controversy is a non-issue.If you want an Android smartphone from Verizon, I highly recommend the Fascinate -- especially if you think the Droid Incredible is a little too small and the Droid X is a little too big, and if you don't want a hardware QWERTY keyboard. The 4" screen of the Fascinate is the perfect size, the AMOLED display is spectacular, and the phone is light and slim and feels great in the hand.I've been pleased with the battery life, and the GPS has worked well when I've tried it. Others may say differently, but I can only report on my own experience. Do I wish Verizon had made some different decisions regarding the preloaded software? Sure, but those annoyances are minor at best. I'm very happy with this phone.

I bought this phone in January 2011. I loved it at first. The screen is great, I love the swype technology on it. The phone itself was a great phone. With the many updates that it went through, it slowly but surely got worse and worse. Calls were going straight to voicemail, the phone never showed a missed call. I was lucky to be notified if there was a voice message. The screen eventually started adding it's own widgets. It was like watching a ghost do stuff on the screen of the phone. This phone had never been dropped, nor exposed to water. I brought it to Verizon today where they informed me that this was happening so much that I could get a new different phone for free. I had my choice of 3 phones. Bottom line: Verizon knows there are problems with this phone, they are willing to make it right, you just have to ask.

EDIT:(Updated 3/13/2011. 6 months of use. Any additions will be marked as "EDIT:", I will not delete original reviews)First, I'll start off by saying this is the greatest phone I have ever used. The combination of features and customization allow for a great mobile experience. Friends of mine that own an IPhone say they wish they had my phone because the 3G and 3GS are becoming obsolete and slow.EDIT: Still one of the greatest phone's I've used, though faster phones such as the Motorola Atrix are now out.Speed/UI:This phone is blazing fast, especially when rooted and using a lag fix. With this phone, I have had no annoying slowdowns or CPU farts in the three months I've had it. The UI is great and allows for a lot of customization. You can even download apps like LauncherPro which allow for even more customization of the home screens and UI.EDIT: Still fast. Currently have a leaked version of 2.2 FroYo installed and it's even faster than before. More launcher apps to test include ADW launcher, Go launcher, W7 launcher, and Android Seven Lite.Display:This might be the primary reason I picked this phone over the HTC Evo. When I saw how amazing the colors and blacks were on this screen I was immediately attracted to it. Former AMOLED screens did a not so great job with color reproduction. The color reproduction on this phone is awesome and Samsung has done a great job with Super AMOLED technology (look out for Super AMOLED 2 coming soon). The resolution on this screen is good and I can read very small text. The screen is extremely bright and I have no issue using it in direct sunlight here in the bright Texas sun. The swipe feature is easy to use and easily replaces regular typing once you get used to it.EDIT: The sub pixel count on super AMOLED screens are lower than usual which accounts for people noticing pixels much easier than other phones. The screen is still sharp and doesn't bother me much.The Size/Form Factor:This is a VERY slim phone and I was surprised that a phone with such a large display could be so thin. Even with a case, it is about as thin or thinner than an IPhone 3. This phone fits very easily in my pockets with no hassle.Battery:This battery gets me through the day. Although its not a phenomenal part of this phone, that's to be expected from a high performance device. With the screen brightness low, closing all running apps, wifi, gps, and bluetooth off, this phone lasts me throughout the day and into the late night. I usually unplug at about 8am and wont have to recharge until 3am the next day.EDIT: Battery life with 2.2 is terrible right now. It changes everyday because there are sleep and sensor issues. Hopefully the official release of 2.2 will fix this.Camera:The camera on this phone is amazing. It takes high quality high resolution photos with great color. The LED flash also works wonders. The video camera often stutters and I hear high-pitched noise in the microphone but it is also of good quality.Overall this is one of the best phones I have ever used. It is a phenomenal product from Samsung. The only drawbacks of the device are that there is no front facing camera, no 4G, and battery life isn't the greatest. This will most likely be addressed in Samsung's upcoming Galaxy 2.FINAL EDIT: The only major issue I've had with my Fascinate is the reception quality and speed. Ever since 2.1 the connection jumps up and down like crazy and goes from 1x to 3G constantly. This hasn't been fixed in the leaks of 2.2. I doubt this is a software issue but rather a weak radio in the Fascinate that does not pick up signal very well. Regular 3G speeds tend to lag behind friends phone's I've used. -1 star for this disappointment =/.

This is my first "smart phone" and I could not be happier. Call quality is fantastic - which had to be top priority because it is, after all, a phone. I continually hear iphone users complain about the phone part of their smart phone, but I have no complaints about the call quality on the Fascinate or the ability to stay connected during a call.I have linked the phone to my work and personal email so I am connected where ever I go. The 3G coverage has been great and I have easily connected whenever and where ever I wish.I love the Samsung user interface. It is fast and responsive. The super amoled screen is great! I use Google Maps and the GPS position has been exact. The built in browser works great for me and I am able to get to all the websites I need to.I don't know what's next in the smart phone technology ladder, but this one works well for me!

I'm super disappointed with this phone. My primary reason for having a phone is to make calls and check work email/calendar/contacts (Outlook/Exchange) and personal email (hotmail). It doesn't work well for any of those activities.  The calling features could be a lot better.  It takes way too long to call someone that i haven't called recently.  Also, although not a total surprise, the phone doesn't work well at all with microsoft products.  You can't access the global address book, many calendar features are not available, and outlook folders don't sync well at all.  As for hotmail, it doesn't update based on my settings (check every 5min). I'm assuming that if you have a gmail account - you wont have similar problems.  Overall, the phone looks cool from the outside (samsung gets an A) but the software that runs it is awful (Droid gets a C-).

The Verizon manual states that you press the power button to lock the phone.Pressing the power button brings up a selection menu for "Silent Mode", "Airplane Mode", and "Power Off". Just touching the power button locks the phone.For normal operation you don't want any mode on the menu because all the modes inhibit incoming calls, either by silencing the phone "ring" or causing the incoming calls to be shunted off to voice mail.My suggestion is that Verizon expand their manual to explain how the off button works. Also to include a fourth item, "Lock Phone" on the menu.Maybe this is intuitive for some people. It took us a week of trial and error to figure this out.Bill

First of all just to inform you, I did'nt purchase this from Amazon.comI only bought this because it is under Verizon Wireless and during that time iphone4 is only available at At&t; which is for me not a good carrier.*Things I liked about this phone is the android widgets, live wallpapers and other features/special effects available compared to iphones.a.Picture frames which you can put at your home screen/pages, create folders, etc etc etc.b. Swype keyboard available to android for easy texting/messaging which iphones do not havec. drop down task bar*Also has a good camera compared to ihpones/itouchAfter about 10 months of use, my samsung fascinate sometimes freezes. When I attempt to turn off the phone also nothing happens it freezes leading to removing the battery and putting it back to reopen it which is not goood :| I don't know the reasons behind this knowing that my available space is 11.61 gigabyte :|Right now, I always remove my battery 1-2x a day and I'm getting used to it, it's like part of my activities of daily living :| And I'm waiting for my eligibility to upgrade my device/smart phone with a discount which is 10 months of waiting >_&lt; I am definitely getting an Iphone5 and avoiding all android phones!!!!!!***I AM NOT recommending this to my friend or to anyone else!!

PERFORMANCE:The Hummingbird chip is very fast. There's a little lag once in a blue moon when using the OS, but that's a software issue which will be addressed once Froyo is officially released. Trust me, this phone is a beast.SCREEN:Believe me when I say 4" screen is the perfect size. Anything larger is awkward to hold. I didn't like the idea that the iPhone's screen actually shrunk, so I was looking for a phone with a killer screen that wasn't too bulky to hold (like the Evo and Droid X), and the Fascinate is exactly what I was looking for. The Super AMOLED is breathtaking! You can see the screen pretty easily outside as well (IMO), which is a big plus since I know some Incredible users complain about their AMOLED washing out n the sun. Games look awesome, and will look even better as developers continue to push the graphics envelope. I'll admit that iPhone's game library is much better than on Android, but this phone certainly has the capability to render the most demanding graphics. You will NOT be disappointed with the screen.BATTERY LIFE:I'd give this a 9/10, but it really depends on how you manage your OS. I woke up with a full charge yesterday and I'm still at 45% as of 5:35PM on day 2 (although I haven't used my phone TOO heavily). It blows the Incredible's battery life out of the water (sorry to the Incredible users, I only say this because I think it's the next best phone out there for Big Red).SOFTWARE:This is where the phone is lacking and Verizon meddled where it shouldn't have. The TouchWiz OS (from Samsung) isn't too bad, and it reminds you of an iPhone layout. But the Bing integration is horrible. It wouldn't have been a big deal if Verizon allowed us to uninstall it, but it's stuck there (unless you root). In addition, the phone doesn't come with Google maps preinstalled, so you have to do it manually. You can put Google back on the phone by doing a search online, it's really simple and makes the phone much more enjoyable. That's the beauty of Android, it's so customizable.The software is probably the worst part of the phone, but it can easily be overlooked and is not a dealbreaker for me, which is why I still give it 5 stars. Awesome phone, now go get one for yourself!

UPDATE 4/20/11- Finally Fascinate has Android 2.2 Froyo. Faster, does Flash and has many nice improvements. GPS plan from NY to CA takes 20 seconds! Also now has Google search installed as an app. After 10 weeks, I like phone better than ever.I have had this phone for two weeks and think it is great. This is my first smart phone so I cannot compare to other smart phone models though I did try the HTC Droid Incredible at the store. No problems at all. Calls are clear and no drops etc. I get the same number of bars (3 to 4) that I got with my old Alias 2 phone. Dial keyboard is plenty big ( I am old...lol). Texting is very good with Swype.  Swype takes some practice but is eventually easier than hard keys on my old phone.I have had none of the freezing issues mentioned here.Screen is just awesome even in sunlight. The 7 screens are easy to use and customize and overall the phone is very simple to learn after having it for a day or so. The Daily Briefing app (weather, markets, news and calender)is simple and handy.Video and music playback are very nice. Phone is slim and fits easily into a shirt pocket. I have purchased a soft rear/side cover for the phone to cushion it from hard knocks and drops.I downloaded Google Maps and GPS works perfectly. You do have to set up a gmail account. Voice location search is terrific and seems very quick. Bing maps work ok too but Google seems better. Screen and download speeds seem fine with 3G.  Bing search works ok but Google is available also.Email set up was easy and seems to work fine. I have not tried to sync anything with my Outlook files yet though. Connection to my home network was easy to set up and works fine.  Calender app is there but is very basic. Tons of apps are available on the Android market.Camera works fine with great detail. Easy to take pictures and send via email. Camera is an app, not a separate button so that takes a little getting used to.Yes there are lots of preloaded apps but so what, they don't really interfere with the phones operation and you can quickly download what you want from the Android market.Battery life seems fine for calls and texting and will get you through the day easily. Wifi and GPS eat the battery fast (2-3hrs of GPS max) so get a car charger if you plan to take any long trips! So far I charge the phone each night and really have no complaints given all the capabilities the phone provides. The battery monitor and task manager apps are simple, handy and easy to add to your home screen. I have not loaded any other task killers and see no need for them.Yes I wish it had Adobe Flash for videos and I guess Android 2.2 would be an improvement. With those I would have given the phone 5 stars.For all around performance per dollar I don't think you can beat this phone.  I got it on Amazon Wireless (Fast, simple service) for the cost of two pizzas here in NY with a two year contract renewal with Verizon!

This phone was a POS the day I received it (Q1) and has become an even stinkier pile after the latest software upgrade!Here is a sampling of the problems:-  Won't end a call (this started with the upgrade) (*1)-  Won't place calls at times (this started with the upgrade) (*2)-  Can't answer the phone (it rings but the screen is unresponsive)-  Camera will sometimes hang and not allow you to leave app-  When the battery is low, it won't let you power it off-  Very short battery life (without running any apps it's less than a day)-  Poor reception (bars or no bars, it is spotty at best)Samsung missed the boat with this phone months ago and then is having to deal with the fall out of a severely flawed software upgrade.  Do not buy this phone and, personally, I'd never purchase another Samsung phone again since they allowed such poor quality to leave the factory.This is also the second unit that I have had since the first one failed within the first few weeks of owning it.*1 - when you are calling an answering machine and finish your message, the phone won't disconnect after pressing the 'end call' button.  Going to airplane mode or taking the battery out is the only option; or wait for the called party to hangup.*2 - it acts like you are placing the call, but cancels the call in a few seconds.  Only going to airplane mode or battery removal returns the phone to working mode.  Not good if you need the phone for safety purposesAnd a plea to VZW, drop the bloatware too.  I really don't want Need-for-speed, I just need a phone that works!I am cancelling my contract for this phone 18 months early and will be getting an Incredible2.

Ok, to start, I do miss the push emails coming to my phone. If you need your emails delivered in seconds and reliably I would stick with Blackberry. On the other hand, after playing with the Fascinate for the last day, I feel like I was so behind the technology curve with my Blackberry Bold. The lack of a physical keyboard has not bothered me - and I've had a keyboard phone for years. The GPS feature works great - no problems locking position. Battery is fine, although the Blackberry seems to last longer, I am using the Fascinate a lot more intensely, so beware of the battery comparisons you hear from reviewers. Of course you will use the new phone much more than the old, especially in the first days you have it. I have been charging every night, just like I have with every Smartphone I've had.I really don't understand some reviewers bad-mouthing this phone. I bought it for one cent! The screen is awesome. Everything works. The whole Bing issue is very much overblown. I installed Google Maps, Google Navigation, and a Google search link to my home page, so I can access Google anytime. Who cares if the Bing icon is hidden somewhere (assuming you don't like it)? Coming from AT&T;, Verizon's call quality and overall signal coverage is much much better.I love the fact that all my Picasa photos are accessible. The camera shoots great pictures and videos. Overall I am very satisfied with my choice. Go to a Verizon store and play with the Fascinate and the Droid 2 and X. I didn't think the Droids were superior at all. The Droid X 8 MP camera shoots some pretty noisy photos, unlike the Fascinate. Compare original photos from both cameras, and don't be fooled by specs alone.

This was my first smart phone, and at first I absolutely loved it. The phone was very user-friendly and customizable. However, the software was recently updated and came with only problems. I do not even know what benifits have come from the new update. My phone now cannot hold a charge for more than a few hours, and I have to charge it twice a day. When texting, the keyboard will often lock up so that I cannot type, and I have to restart the phone. In addition, I don't like that there is no longer a differentiation between "Vibrate" mode and "Silent" mode without going to Settings and having these vibrate options: always, never, only in silent mode, only when not in silent mode. I used to highly recommend this phone, but the software update has only caused hassle.

This is light-years ahead of the blackberry I had before, however there's only one problem that either people will overlook or find unacceptable.  This is the pre-loaded apps that cannot be removed from the phone (unless you're willing to do a little re-programming of the operating system).  For me, I saw this as a major downer at first because I'm very specific as to how I want my organization for devices, however, after a few days, it's candidly no big deal.  It takes three seconds at most to page over to the apps you've downloaded if you have any added.  Overall, this is an awesome phone that is very capable of replacing many devices such as an iPod, iPad, and/or laptop.  Everything else is better than any separate device I've used before except for my home PC for online gaming.  This takes number one in it's place for mobile devices and second in my whole house.

Coming from a Samsung Alias 2, I was hesitant to go to a phone without a physical keyboard. But the Fascinate has helped me conquer that mindset, and this phone is SWEET!Pros:Amazingly crisp, vibrant, and colorful display. Everything pops out at you, and reds and greens look superb!Fast response time. This phone is wicked fast, even faster if you install LauncherProSwype keyboard. This has helped me type at least twice as fast as on my ipod touch, and even faster than my Alias 2.Camera. The pictures taken on this phone are just like the display, crisp and vibrant. Oh, and the HD camcorder looks better than my parents' Sony mini-dvd camcorder.Thin and light! This phone just has that sweet-spot, sexy factor!Battery: I know some people complain about the battery. But sure, if I listen to music while browsing the web on 3G for 8 hours, the phone is going to die. But, I spent a whole day in Philly taking pictures, using GPS, and lightly messaging, and made it through the whole day. It's all about battery management. And this phone can easily last the day. And if you are a power user, there is an extended battery available.Cons:Bing, bing, bing. C'mon Verizon, don't let shady partnerships trickle down your crap to consumers. No one wants Bing. We want Google. You know, the company that makes AnDROID?TouchWiz UI: This UI may be good for some, but the bubbly, colorful, iphoney layout isn't suited for me. And LauncherPro just makes this phone smoother to run than TouchWiz. Stop boggin us, Samsung.GPS sucks. But, the good news is it's a software issue, and Samsung is working on a fix. But for now, sucky.No front facing camera: Not really a con, but it would have been nice to be a bit future-proofed. And the Epic got one.Android 2.1, for now. It would have been nice to see 2.2 on this phone. Considering it was released back in freakin' April.Overall, I would purchase this phone over the Droids again and again. The display constantly keeps me in awe. The camera is the best I've used on a cell phone. It's browser is snappy and responsive. I just love this phone. Now give me a GPS fix, Android 2.2 Froyo, and Google search and I will tie the knot with my Fascinate. Until then, just count us as a happy couple.

To the average user this phone will suit them. I am a techie and I've had every "it" phone in the last year. If you are not going to root your phone then stop buying high end smart phones because NONE of them out the box are going to be perfection and especially if you're on the Android platform. These phones are made for geeks that like to tweak and customize then to no end.The Google issue is really not that big of a deal. I just downloaded Google Maps without root and it's working fine. There is a work around for Google search, just search the internet. It doesn't matter because 2.2 will fix this issue that's not even an issue unless you search from your homescreen constantly.The form factor, speed and gaming ability is enough to keep the phone and oh let's mention battery life. The Evo was a nightmare on battery. The Droid 2 ehh so be grateful for what you have.I've had no call quality issues it actually sounds better than other handsets in my ear and on speaker.Root the damn phone or return it.

The Verizon version of the Samsung Galaxy S deserves many praises and yet oh so many jeers for some changes that the carrier and Samsung did to its software.In regards to specifications, the Fascinate is a very thin and sexy phone that is thin, has a large screen, and a LED flash for the camera.  The phone is powered by the 1GHz hummingbird processor, it runs a bit faster than the Snapdragon processor found in other high end Android phones like the Droid Incredible.  It's a touchscreen phone without a physical keyboard, so that takes a little while to become accustomed to.  Furthermore, some may argue with this, but I personally did not enjoy the default Swype keyboard that the phone uses.For buttons, the Fascinate has a physical volume rocker on the left bevel and a power button on the right bevel.  The 3.5mm headphone jack and the usb port are both located on the top bevel.  There's the usual Android touch buttons on the bottom of the front; Menu, Home, Back, and Search.  There were only two issues I have with the design of the buttons and they have to deal with the power button and the lack of a camera button.  The lack of a dedicated camera button is self explained and as per the power button, it is too small and is almost flush with the right bevel. So from time to time, it is a little difficult to turn on and off the device.  You'll get use to it or move on to a another device.Software wise, the phone is a mess.  Officially, the phone runs on Android 2.1 Eclair and sports Samsung's Touchwiz 3.0 interface.  It's slow, buggy, and well, a horrible rip off the iOS interface.  Four permanently placed icons on the bottom and customizable icons & widgets you can place onto the home screens.  You'll come to hate it if you're not previously accustomed to Android OS and replace it with alternative launchers like LauncherPro or ADW.At launch, the GPS function of the phone was broken, but now with some of the recent updates, the GPS is working again.  But honestly, it should have worked from the beginning.  The most recent and official update for the Fascinate is the DJ05 update that fixes some of the bugs, however it still runs on Android 2.1 Eclair.  I'm hoping for potential buyers that Verizon releases the EB01 update or a newer one to come that will update the phone to run Android 2.2 Froyo; this will enable the download of Adobe Flash!As a quick note, you will need to get a case for this phone, the back cover is a cheap feeling plastic lid that is prone to scratching.

I just helped the in-laws purchase two of these phones as their first smartphone.  I myself own the original Droid, which I really really like.  Well, on paper, the Fascinate is an amazing phone -- one that goes toe-to-toe with the iPhone 4 and the best Android phones out there.  If this is all there is, this phone is clearly a winner.  But...1. Bing search.  Seriously?  Bing?  I specifically chose this phone because I wanted to go the Android route.  VzW's deal with Bing means that you can't uninstall this "feature" without rooting the phone first.  If it was just my phone, I would've done this the minute I got the phone.2. Verizon Navigator.  WTH?  VzW wants to charge a monthly fee for something inferior to Google Maps, which costs absolutely nothing.  This is unadulterated corporate greed.  Shame on you, Verizon.3. Visual Voicemail.  Ok, so some people might want this feature and might even pay the $2.99/mo fee to have their voicemails transcribed.  But, why must VzW make this the default voicemail option and spam you EVERYTIME you check your voicemail with the offer?  I don't want this and want to turn it off, PERMANENTLY.4. Bloatware.  This is where VzW is 10x worse than any other software companies out there.  If this was Microsoft, people would be up in arms about it.  Apparently, Verizon has already forgotten about the Department of Justice's investigation of Microsoft's bundling practices.  Well, folks, VzW thought it would be helpful to clog up this phone with a ton of apps that YOU CANNOT UNINSTALL.  PERIOD.  This ticks me off more than anything else.  If the phone came with bloatware, fine, but let the end user uninstall the apps he doesn't want.  As it stands right now, there is no way to uninstall apps that came with the phone without rooting it.5. Android 2.1.  This is minor, but there's no reason why this phone shouldn't have the latest Android OS, v2.3.All in all, I do feel bad about having recommended this phone and VzW before doing thorough research on it.  The only saving grace to this experience is that the people for whom the phones were purchased are not power users.  They only use a handful of apps and will likely never push the Fascinate to its limits.Personally, next time I upgrade my phone or recommending another phone, I will have to think hard about any phone with the Verizon name on it, and about Verizon itself.  (T-Mobile and Sprint, are you reading this???)Shame on you, Verizon, for losing my trust.

This device is definitely on top of the game.Very fast and responsive.  Video/playback is simply awesome.3G is strong and call quality is superb.  I'm comparing this to both iPhone 4G (AT&T;) and Palm Pre Plus (Verizon) as a reference.  Not jealous of iPhone anymore.I'm hoping the 2nd version has both front & back cameras and maybe having keyboard as an option as well - similar to Sprint Epic 4G.  (enough time for me to enjoy this for another 18 months :)So far I'm enjoying this device.  Thanks Samsung.  Hopefully Android 2.2 update is available soon so I can switch it from Bing to Google.

I'll keep this short and sweet. Don't buy into the reviews on Samsung's website - I tried leaving a review there and they decided not to post it.. talk about censoring the truth. Pathetic, samsung.Pros of the phone -o Very sleek and attractive designo Screen looks great (in certain instances)o Overall well-designed GUIo Absolutely fantastic battery life (average over 30 hours per charge)o Stock browser is quite snappyo Great cameraCons of the phone -o Lack of updates from Samsung (still running 2.1)o Insane amount of lags for a phone with this kind of hardware - Droid X and other phones with similar hardware have nearly no lago GPS is still broken on the phone despite being out for several months - can take 20 minutes at times to connecto Ergonomics of the phone - Volume rocker and screen on/off button are directly opposite of each other, constantly hitting vol rocker when turning screen on and offo Vol rocker and charging port cover are loose - rattle a lot when phone vibrateso Overall construction of the phone is cheap, scrapes/chips easilyo Phone resolution isn't that great - wind up having to zoom in often to read thingso Call quality.. my god, the call quality at times. Some calls are great, others I can hear in the speaker how broken/grainy my voice soundso Lots of little bugs in the software (I.E - when texting, you hit back to go to the main SMS menu and it kicks you back to the homescreen, then another time you have to hit back 30 times as it cycles through numerous text convos that you haven't opened up in a while until you get the homescreen).All in all, it's a nice phone, but there are just so many damn issues (mostly all that could be repaired if Samsung and Verizon would get off their asses and push an update) that I can't justify giving it a more generous review. I will update this when/if 2.2/2.3 ever comes out and fixes these issues.

First off, this phone is still running Android 2.1, which is over a year old and already two versions behind.  This phone is already significantly outdated and missing a lot of the great features and improvements added by Android 2.2 and 2.3.  The phone is made by Samsung which to this day still has not even given a hint of a release date for Android 2.2 let alone 2.3.  If you want to have an old version of Android with no hopes of upgrading ever, this phone is for you!  Second, the GPS on this phone is terrible, it takes a good 20 minutes to find a lock if it finds one at all.The list goes on... the wifi connection is very poor even if you are sitting 10 feet away from the router.  There is a bug with the buttons on the bottom where they randomly are pressed by themselves and whenever I try to use the speaker phone no one can hear me.  Could have been a great phone but there are just too many problems.

Root it, and clean it up and OMG, is it baller!Lets not forget, its FREEEEEE!!!!Root, Pull off Bing, the garbage apps, and all the bloat-ware.Sadly you NEED to root it to do this, but lets be honest here; why would you buy an Android phone and not plan on rooting it?Amazing GPU in this thing, runs Quake 3 at over 90 FPS.Make sure you install the free wifi tether for root users and Dolphin Web Browser so you can use all the features VZW wants you to pay for... but for free!Use the built in wifi and you can get away with the cheap data plan!The cost of the device paired with VZW being the only company that has unlimited data plans still (at this time) makes this an easy winner if you know enough to be dangerous.Still waiting on the Froyo 2.2 update though, this means you cant copy apps to the SD card or view sites that are using flash 10.0 or greater in case you're curious.Do not buy this if you are not going to root, get a Tonka, PlaySchool or Apple you know, something more simple.

Pros: The processor is fast and the apps are great. Love the look too.Cons: Call quality is hideous. Calls to landlines sound like i'm screaming into a speaker phone.Has an awful echo.Bing search is worthless.VZW customer service is horrendous.Summary: I've been a loyal Verizon customer for 7 years. Last year, I picked up a Droid and fell in love with the Android OS. However, I started to become frustrated with the high cost of the Verizon Wireless service. When my new every two contract came up this year, I decided to look at other services for the first time in 7 years. While demoing the T-Mobile service, I received a Samsung Vibrant as my demo phone. I fell in love with the Galaxy S platform and the amazing AMOLED screen. However, I found T-Mobile's service to be horrendous so I decided to stick with Verizon. Since Verizon just released the Samsung Fascinate, I decided to go with that phone based on my experience with the Samsung Vibrant. Wow...what a mistake that was.I don't know what Verizon has done to this phone, but the call quality is absolutely abysmal. I've called landlines in perfect 3G coverage areas and was told that I sound like I'm screaming into a speaker phone. I've made calls in lower coverage areas with the T-Mobile phone, and found the call quality to be much better.Now, on top of the poor call quality, i hear myself in the speaker of the phone. It sounds like I'm screaming at myself. It's horribly distorted and just sounds hideous. THIS DOES NOT HAPPEN WITH THE SAMSUNG VIBRANT which is essentially THE SAME PHONE.Now onto the Bing Search shenanigans...just like everyone else, I thought this was strange. However, it was definitely not a deal breaker. I use Bing at work and have never really had any problems with it. However, being a prior Droid user, i was used to being able to click Voice Search and say "Navigate to..." and it would pull up the Google maps app and send me on my way. However, with the Bing search, if I click on voice search, say "navigate to...", and then click the Done button (what a pain that is) it brings me to a screen where it says "did you mean...?" and not the Bing maps. This effectively cripples the functionality of the phone. For me to navigate with my phone now, I have to open the Google (or Bing) maps app, click on the functions key, choose directions, click on the To: bar, click on voice search and then finally enter my destination.Next up is the bloat ware that Verizon shoved on this phone. There's some kind of advanced caller ID feature which brings up the location of the person that you are calling...or is calling you. I thought this was kind of a cool feature that Samsung or Verizon must have added to the Fascinate. That is until about 6 hours after activating the phone, a pop-up screen shows up saying, "City ID displays the city & state of an incoming call. You are receiving a free 15-day trial of this Enhanced Caller ID feature. Would you like City ID for $1.99 per month?" Then there are two buttons...Subscribe Now or Continue Free Trial.... What...am I on the WWWyzzerrdd episode of ATHF? I didn't sign up for any trial...where's the stop trial button? Where's the uninstall app button? Is this even legal???!!!Now...all of this would be bad enough, but I went into the Verizon store tonight to find out if I was doing something wrong, only to be told that I was crazy. The call sounded perfect........WHOA ***??!! This is how you treat a 7 year customer that was already on the fence with your service???Bottom line...if you're going Verizon, stick with the Droid X or Droid Incredible.

I bought this phone last Fall after I was told that the OS would be brought up to date within a month. This turned out to be a lie since the upgrade has yet to materialize. In its current state, the Fascinate cannot run Flash, which as we all know is at the core of most on line video.As of today, still no word about the upgrade. Bad business on the part of Samsung.

This phone is by far the best phone I have ever had. That may sound great but it doesn't have to be that great to be the best on my list of phones. A flip phone was first. I had it for a year and finally got a new phone with a keyboard for my good grades. Then I got the voyager. I loved that phone for the months before I had unlimited texting. Then when I got unlimited texting and started sending 12,000 texts a month it started to fail me. I had it for a year and a half. I got the ally for christmas 8 months ago but because of my HEAVY HEAVY HEAVY usage it broke christmas day. I then got this phone which still can't handle my heavy usage but it handles it better than all the other phones. I text like crazy on this phone and it does fine with that. It crashes multiple times a day and is rather slow a lot of the time. It also has a bunch of other minor bugs that are weird. I like it most of the time but it will often fail me when I need it most. For example, I have a water break at marching band for 5 minutes and pull it out to call my mom and tell her what time practice ends and it freaks out and I waste the whole water break trying to call my mom. In all pretty good phone, but not amazing. I am still going to update to the iphone 5 at christmas.

My wife and I both purchased the Samsung Fascinate when it came out on Verizon.  She was coming from an LG smart phone (forgetting the name), I have had a Palm Pre and Blackberry, as well as heavy use with iphone 4. After using it for about two months, owning this phone has been an absolute joy.  Below, I will rank the four phones I shopped against in order of worst to best.  The phones: Droid X, HTC Incredible, Iphone4, Samsung FascinatePros:-Extremely light weight and thin.  It is just heavy enough to know it is there in your pocket, feels extremely well made, but lightweight all in one.  Amazing!  Samsung Fascinate/Iphone4, Incredible, Droid X-Very sleek overall look - love the design.  Other phones this phone was closely up against were the Droid X and HTC incredible from Verizon and the Iphone4 from AT&T.;  With the Droid X, I couldn't get over that weird bulge on the back.  It doesn't sit flat when put down (try using the ghost level app with this phone!).  The incredible seemed a bit childish, with red accents and an awkward raised patterned back.  Maybe if I was in my teens or 20s, this would be fine.  The Fascinate is very modern in design. The iphone 4 was the best comparison as far as overall aesthetics.  Fascinate/Iphone4, Incredible, Droid X-The screen size!  Honestly, it is the perfect size at 4". Fits in your pocket, not too small, not too big, perfect for utilizing as a phone, texting, and web surfing.  The Droid X is better for movies in size, but this is a close second. This was the biggest flaw (next to being on AT&T;) of the iphone4.  That screen was way too small for smart phones today.  Droid X, Samsung/Incredible, iphone4-The sensitivity/response on the touch screen is amazing! The other phones felt like there was little more lag, less accurate feeling.  The iphone was fairly similar in response.  The Droid X had the worst response rate that I noticed of all four.  Fascinate/iphone, incredible, droid x-The internet, 3G, wifi, etc., is all very intuitive and blazing fast! Droid X, Fascinate, Incredible, Iphone 4.  (did a side by side comparison in the same office and at home using wifi and 3g between iphone4 and fascinate)-Finally, my favorite thing about the phone, the thing that gets it the most compliments, the Super Amoled screen.  It is the only phone out of the four with it (others use versions of LCD).  The iphone4 can advertise and change the name all it wants (Retina whatever), but i've held the phones side by side, and while the iphone has great clarity, this phone surpasses all competition in color saturation, clarity, realism, etc.  Let's make this clear, the four phones are ranked for screen from worst to best in this order:  HTC Incredible, Droid X, Iphone4, and then the Samsung Fascinate.  And it isn't even close from first to second place.  Movies, games, web pages, even the home screens are a joy to look at. Daytime usage is also amazing vs. friends phones.  And capturing dark colors, including true blacks (especially in movies), still amazing.  FASCINATE, iphone4, incredible/droid xCons:-Product support. This is the one area the Droid X and especially the iphone4 excel at.  There are a lot of choices for screen covers, protectors, some car docks, etc., but third party developers haven't really latched on to the fascinate for things like stereo docks, etc.  With the iphone4, i can go to any bestbuy and have a multitude of choices for accessories like ihome stereo docks, etc.-Power chord on the top, not the bottom?  (very minor issue, but awkward nonetheless)Final Thoughts:Love this phone, I use it for work, apps, games, etc., works beautifully.  It has literally integrated itself into my life as a daily use item where my previous phones did not.  I initially went into the store considering the Droid X based on stats and reviews.  I went there and I can't begin to explain how disappointed I was in the Droid X.  It reminds me of older Hyundais strategies (I now love them, have owned one).  Price it cheap, load tons of beefed up hardware bits to load up on the stats, but poor fit and finish.  It felt bad in the hand, not balanced, heavy, looked ugly from every angle, and despite the big screen, it was laggy and had lack luster resolution and color saturation.  The HTC seemed well made, but just fell short in every category.  Overall a good phone, but it was never better in any category of relevance than all four of the other phones.  It's a phone that seems like its whole goal is middle of the road mediocrity.  I have several other Apple products, but two things I hate are itunes (purchasing songs on their and how limited you are is just criminal, I figured apps would only follow suit), and AT&T.;  Also, the nagging rumors regarding the reception/antenna gate, so while I kept an open mind and checked it out as well, I wanted to explore my options.  I actually have played with it extensively in real life situations (about 6 people at my work own it) as well as at the store.  It was a nice phone and a worthy competitor, but did have flaws.I wanted to close by saying I didn't latch onto the Fascinate because it was an Android phone.  I do like the idea of an unlocked phone without limitations, but let's be honest, I never really plan on rooting a phone, etc., I would just like it to work and make minor changes when necessary at my discretion.  The Samsung fascinate isn't just a great android phone, it was hands down the best phone of the four I tried.

I've had the Samsung Fascinate for about a month now and I absolutely love it!  The phone comes with Android 2.1 OS installed, but the 2.2 Froyo update was upgraded right after the phone was powered up for the first time.  (FYI: According to Samsung, the 2.3 Gingerbread is rumored to be available in the U.S. in June 2011.)  I love all of the 2.2 features, especially the ability to use Google Maps for navigation.  The phone runs smoothly, is the lightest (in weight) smartphone I've ever owned, has an absolutely gorgeous display, comes with the 16g media card installed and has elicited phone-envy among my friends and family.  I'm also in love with the Swype feature.  The cons are that the battery life is definitely below average.  In fact, battery life sucks.  Also, the Verizon-pre-installed bloatware cannot be removed.  Only two cons, but they're big enough for me to refuse a five-star rating.  Overall, it's my favorite smartphone that I've ever owned (so far) and I have no qualms recommending it to my friends.

I used to work for a privately owned Verizon store and have always been up on the latest and greatest phones. I have carried blackberry's which I love, got the original Droid, which I loved. Could never imagine leaving behind my keyboard for a strictly touch screen phone. For the screen size and android capabilities of this device I decided to go for it. I could not be happier! It is fast and I love the Swype technology, as well as the storage space. I cannot say enough about the Android Market. IT has and is everything I would want or could even hope for in a phone!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!The only thing I can even remotely complain about would be that at times the screen sticks and I have to turn it off and restart it, which is once every other week! That is it, no more. Just a fabulous phone!

sleek phone fast speeds alot of memory tons of apps big screen size naice sound good battery life recommended for everyone

I LOVE THIS PHONE!!! I waited and waited and waited and waited and......for the iphone and myth and promise by Apple and on and on an I finally lost my patience with Mr. Jobs. I researched many Droid phones from the Droid X (HUGE and a battery hog) and many others.  I settled on either the HTC Incredible or the Samsung Fascinate. In the end the Super AMOLED screen of the Samsung and longer battery life won me over.  This lasts 1.5 days with normal use.DROID software rocks!! and Droid 2 is even better.  The screen is sensitive, the apps are abundant, the user interface is excellent and the Samsung Swype is PHENOMENAL! This is not only a beautiful phone, it is intuitive and downright fun to use.What I love is plugging it in to a PC and being able to control the way I WANT TO see and use the files and music and NOT the way itunes forces on you.  It is like a traditional file system so very flexible and familiar and very personal. The removable and upgradeable micro card means TONS of music and apps.  With the iphone, you would have to buy a new phone to get more memory, with Droid, buy a new card for $89 and off you go!Just like Apple kept the Mac isolated, expensive and proprietary and lost to the PC, so will this pattern repeat itself with the iphone. Steve jobs is a brilliant leader and his design team is legendary. Sadly they chose to remain overly protective, he has shunned Flash (Adobe kept Macs relevant in their darkest days) and Droid will open the world to new potential driven by consumer choice.Presently there are 47 phones with Droid...........Apple.....one....and it is expensive....and it is AT&T;Sorry Apple, I LOVE my Droid and my freedom to chose the way I use my device.

"What's that mean?"It means that for every negative review, they are reviewing the bad side of the phone.  For every positive review they are reviewing the good side of the phone.  Most don't realize that the phone has multiple sides, because that's the way Verizon Wireless wants it.  They want you to think every phone is crap so that you'll keep buying them.  As such, what you receive from the factory more often than not is definitely not the maximum potential of the device.  If you learn to accept this, and are willing to take certain risks, you might find certain phones are better than they seem.  The Fascinate is one such device as confirmed by the numerous reviews praising the phone.For summary, skip to the very bottom.Just as an aside, I do not play games on my phone.  I've got every game system currently available, including an iPod Touch, for that (and I don't game on that either).  I don't like gaming on touch screens, I'm sorry.  The phone that works for me has to be a workhorse.  It has to do my email the way I want, web the way I want, be fully (or damn near) customizable, visually appealing, and have reasonable battery life.  My current phone, the Palm Pre, fails in one area: the battery life.  I got an extended battery and that helped a lot.  But I found myself curious as to potential new phone offerings that were out there for me to take advantage of.  I am 100% anti-AT&T;, and Sprint just doesn't cut it except for wireless data.  That is the reason I stay with Verizon; they're the most reliable out of the bunch.  Narrowing down my options, it was a coin toss between the Fascinate and the Droid X.  The general consensus online is that the Fascinate is a media powerhouse while the Droid X is significantly more reliable and durable, not to mention dependable.  What turned me off from the X is its form factor.  Taking a risk, I settled on the Fascinate, given I've got 30 days to try it anyway, I have nothing to lose.I want to admit: out of the box, this phone is absolute garbage.  It's not the phone's fault; Verizon has preloaded all sorts of nonsense apps on the thing in confusing layouts that will drive you insane.  Apps are all over the place, like four different home screens, and no real logic to the preconfiguration at all.  Worse, they blocked the ability to remove these apps from the application window, so you can't clean it up if you chose.  The search is locked to Bing, which is standard across Verizon phones (except the Pre Plus), and that's a little bit of a bother, but I dealt with that.  The real kicker was the speed.  It was extremely slow, to the point I began to question people's tastes in phones.  I was footsteps away from boxing it back up, SAME DAY, and returning it for the X. But then I saw it online: root, a term used in Unix-based operating systems that gives full access rights to the user executing it.  Many people swearing by this procedure.  I figured I still had nothing to lose.  I tried it.  All of a sudden I was holding a completely different phone.  More on this later.The hardware itself is quite decent.  Some have criticized the build quality; because I don't yet have a case I have actually dropped my Fascinate on three separate occasions, two of which were on a hard floor, and not only did the phone not flinch once, nothing broke.  The screen is fine, the back plate never snapped off, no dents, no nicks, nothing.  About the only negative on build quality is the slightly loose volume rocker; not a deal breaker, just slightly annoying that it moves around.  You might notice a similar form factor and screen quality to the iPhone; clearly, Samsung took "inspiration" here to an all-time high.  The Super AMOLED screen will jump out at almost as much as the iPhone 4's screen, though the default device won't be nearly as snappy.  Once rooted, all sorts of things start to happen, and it is here that the phone shows its true colors.Battery life was extremely impressive.  There's a meter that tells you what phone activities are consuming the most power, and I don't know exactly what Samsung has done here, but I was quite impressed at the overall battery life.  Now, I don't make or receive that many calls as I use my work phone for those to save minutes (if I could drop the voice part of my plan I certainly would in a hot minute), so I can't speak for continuous call time.  But I have done GPS navigation in Google Maps, received push email from two accounts - personal and work, browsed the web and read web pages, WiFi enabled, 3G enabled, streamed music from YouTube, played locally stored music, and watched a couple of 3gp movies - and the battery was still solid by the time I got finished with work, 8 hours later.  Got home 2 hours after that and a small sliver of battery was gone.  There have been times I have gone for 24 hours of continuous unplugged activities that would have brought my Palm to its knees; the Fascinate takes these in its stride and never falters.  For that I have no choice but to stand up and applaud, as it's one of the best phones I've used in terms of battery life.  It may even be better than the iPhone and I'm not sure how they're pulling that off.Call quality was solid; I only had one call where there was some breakup, but I couldn't tell if it was on the other end or mine.  The speakerphone is extremely loud too, to the point I had to actually turn the volume down at times.  Standard microUSB connector for data and charging, no proprietary cables to carry around.  The camera isn't great, but then again, it's a phone, not a camera.  It's not absolutely terrible like the Palm, and it does have autofocusing and other features found on higher end digital cameras, but the quality does not have the detail expected.  Again, not too big a deal given all of the other positives of the device.  Another minor negative is the "swype" gimmick on the keyboard.  By default this is enabled; it allows you to slide your finger to each letter to type out documents.  It feels slow and gimmicky.  The other issue is that you can't see what key you're own when you're sliding, so it seems to have a greater margin of error.  Once I turned this off, again, it was a whole new phone for me.*** THE DEVIL PHONE ***Once you open the box and power the phone on, you will be greeted with all sorts of nonsense: Blockbuster, Bing, Need For Speed Shift, and so on.  Stuff you may never use in your entire time having the phone.  Verizon does not allow these apps to be removed; they're part of the package.  The problem is the OS itself; certain apps open themselves and run in the background to download updates or changes and such.  This of course will eat up your battery life somewhat, but more importantly, it makes the phone as slow as Buford.  Like Windows Mobile phones, you will need to keep an eye on the Task Manager and kill off apps that are not supposed to be running.  It's ugly, it's slow, it just feels like a waste of money.*** THE GODLY PHONE ***Those who are daring (and comfortable with technology!), can root their phone.  This allows applications that you would never have been able to run otherwise.  One such app, Titanium Backup (which isn't free, BTW), allows you to "freeze" whatever apps you're not using.  This puts the app in a limbo state, preventing it from running, but does not uninstall it.  You can then remove it from the app screens.  This app alone turns your phone into an absolute beast, with response times that rival even the iPhone.  You'll wonder if it's a brand new phone or what - it's not, you've just freed it from its prison.  Once you've done that, you can download an app called Advanced Task Killer for the remaining apps.  This manages running apps for you and closes apps on a schedule, keeping the task list free and clear for the most part and preserving the speed and battery gains.  You can also customize your home page and app tiles and put whatever you want, wherever you want.  Keep in mind that like the Palm Pre and a few other newer devices, you can turn a bookmark into a home page tile, allowing for faster access.  For example, I went to Google Voice and bookmarked it to my Home screen, and it showed up as an "app" that I can jump immediately too.If you want to take it to the next level and you are a Google user (GMail, Voice, etc), this phone is definitely up your alley.  Configure Google Voice to bond with the phone app, which allows the phone to AUTOMATICALLY use Google Voice when dialing out, and use GVoice's voicemail system when a message is left, which then comes transcribed back to you in your GVoice mailbox (and if you've home bookmarked it, you can access it quickly, or get at it from integrated GMail).  This is an advantage of the Android OS, is the tightness of the Google integration.  If you get bold and decide to root your phone plus set up these integrations, it will feel like an entirely new experience.So....do I recommend it?  Only if it's rooted.  If you're not comfortable "hacking" your phone to get it to do what you want, skip this one as I can almost promise the base configuration will make the phone seem like garbage.  If you're a tinkerer and don't mind changing a few things to get the experience that you want, once the phone is rooted, a whole new world is at your fingertips.  I would dare say that rooted, this is in the upper echelon of phones that I've ever used.

I have had this now for two weeks and am prepping it for exchange with amazon.  Bless their exchange policy, and working with Verizon's two week trial period.  Disclaimer: I was previously a Blackberry user.  First disappointment: no message indicator unless you turned the phone back on AND unlocked it.  Strike two: unreliable connection to my yahoo mail server.  My work server connection was just fine.  Strike three that made it out: I lost PHONE service for a full day until Verizon could help me.  I stuck with Verizon since they'd always had the most reliable coverage.  Just not with this unit.  Maybe I got a lemon.  Other issues: keeps returning to a different home screen than the default I selected.  Annoying.  Also powers out before pages load or you have a chance to enter things.  I can't find where to customize different types of notifications (i.e. texts vs. emails, etc.).  And now that I'm trying to download the few pics I took on it, the USB connection is impossible.  I've been searching now for hours to resolve my computer not recognizing the phone.It's pretty.  It has some nice intuitive things.  Swype is great.  I didn't mind the virtual keyboard as much as I'd expected, or the auto correct.  But the bad has well outweighed the good.  This is only helped by some great customer service at Verizon and Amazon.

This could have been a great phone if Verizon had not installed malicious software (malware) on it.Google designed the operating system around Google search and this has been disabled on this phone -- the only way to bring it up is by "rooting" the phone i.e. erasing the software on the phone and installing the native Google OS. Doing this will void your warranty and if you screw it up you may end up with a brick.Bing is absolutely terrible and THERE IS NO WAY TO REMOVE IT. Microsoft reportedly paid 500 million dollars to Verizon to sabotage the Android OS with Bing.The screen is great and the processor/response of the phone is nice but you're much better off buying a phone like the Droid or Incredible which hasn't been jacked up by Verizon.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE!

So I got this phone for free on Black Friday. And it rocked my world!! But then one weekend recently it decided to go crazy on me. It rebooted itself or forced me to pull the battery on it more than 20 times and each time would restart as if it were brand new out-of-the-box. Taking away all my contacts and all. So why 4 stars you are probably wondering. Well I took it back to best buy and after much troubleshooting and contemplating they exchanged it for me. And now my new one once again is rocking! Plus the guy informed me a very necessary app is the task manager. This way when it gets funky or slow you can just go to this app and kill all running items. Kind of annoying to have to do but otherwise I love the phone and everything I am able to do with it, without having to switch networks and get the Iphone (bleh).

As a long-time Verizon subscriber, one who refuses to follow the i-phone revolution....this is my first Droid.  Previously I had the Motorola Razor so was very excited to finally get "with it" and purchase a phone that had an actual keyboard as I've noticed more and more of my family and friends texting and uploading pics from their phones.  When I first purchased it, I was so happy to finally have a web browser, keyboard, and access to all my emails, chats, photos, etc....however, the more I began using it, the more I got annoyed....Cons:1. The battery life is way short - need to charge it sometimes twice a day2. While I love the fact that it has SWYPE with automated space when lifting finger off keyboard to type another word for text - it does NOT do this for chat on IM's - why the difference where I have to click the space button?  Small annoyance, but still..3. Phone calls tend to drop off more than when I had my trusty Razor....not sure if this is Verizon or the phone itself, but - I have noticed more dropped calls.4. It randomly freezes - sometimes I will try to hit end call and nothing happens or when I'm on camera and try to hit back, it freezes and nothing happens....it won't even allow me to shut the phone down.  But after a few minutes it randomly works again.5. I can't stand Bing6. Pictures I take on the camera take FOREVER and sometimes don't upload at all!  Not sure if this is the phone or Verizon - just very annoying.Pros:1. Nice look2. Keyboard (I can finally text more easily!)3. Nice camera - love that you can set the photo options - I have a child so love to share pics with family members on the go4. Like the access to all the appsI think next time, I will look for something better - for now, I will stick with this as long as I can since I got a discount and a rebate coming.

Gee, it is a Google phone so it should sync Google calendar, right? Wrong!! The Google calendar is a one way sync, Google to Samsung, since Samsung doesn't support Android to Google sync in 2.1. They created a new calendar called My calendar and it won't sync to Google calendar. Yes, you can set the Google calendar as the default EVERY time you create a calendar entry on the phone but if you forget; delete and re-enter. Oh, 2.2 if it ever gets here MIGHT fix this bug.This problem has been around over a year and Samsung says it is not their problem, you have a work around.  Grump!!

Most of the people who wrote reviews about the Samsung Fascinate did so after using the phone for a few days or weeks.Here is a review from someone who has used the phone for seven months. Initially, I loved the phone. I now hate it.  This is why:*  There is too much lag time between hitting the end call button and the call actually ending. It's a good thing I'm not the dramatic hanging up on  you type of girl, because I certainly wouldn't be able to dramatically hang up using this phone! It takes 5-6 seconds between hitting END and the call actually ending... and most times, I have to hit the END button more than once to actually end the call.*  The battery life is ridiculously low. When my phone's battery indicator turns orange, it's time to put it on the charger. When it's fully charged, the phone will beep. During that time (two-three hours), I ignore calls. Once the battery has been fully charged, the battery drains after five to six hours of NON USE. If I use the phone, it will drain more quickly. For a seven-month-old phone, that's poor quality.*  Programs running in the background drain the phone. The advice of my Verizon salesman was to install a free ap called Advanced Task Killer. He said that this would help to save my battery. He said that what it does is to turn off all of the tasks running in the background. It does turn them off... but only for five minutes. Tasks like Maps, Skype, Voice Command... all of which I have NEVER used... run constantly, thus, draining the battery. There's no way to stop this from happening unless I completely uninstall them. I've tried to uninstall several tasks/aps, and they don't go away. BING is a prime example of that.*  The phone malfunctions often. The best example of this comes from my attempt to send a text message yesterday. I clicked on MESSAGING and what popped up was an update newsletter from one of my aps. I thought I'd accidentally hit that ap, so I tried it again. Again, the newsletter popped up. I did this several times, and, finally had to shut down the phone and restart it.*  The phone will malfunction during calls, often. I can carry on a conversation normally most times, but once the phone decides it doesn't want to function, it will mute me without resolution. I cannot, no matter what I do, get the phone to accept my voice. The person on the other end thinks the call has been dropped, and hangs up. Restarting the phone doesn't work. One must take the battery out of the phone, then put it back in and start up the phone again for this problem to be solved.*  When I call voicemail, I am prompted to enter my password. I enter the password, and, it tells me to enter it again. I enter it again and it tells me to please enter my password. Eight out of 10 calls to voice mail result in this. Talk about frustration!!*  When one makes a call, and holds the phone up to one's ear, the screen goes dark, but, as soon as one pulls the phone away from one's ear, the screen is supposed to automatically light up again. My phone worked this way for three months. Now, it not only remains dark, but, I have to swipe the puzzle piece to unlock the screen, and then click on PHONE to get back to the call screen. This is a major pain.I could go on, but I don't have the time to do so.I loved this phone, but, in order for a phone to be a fantastic phone, it needs to work as promised for more than a few months.

I was madly in love with this phone when I first got it.  The screen is GORGEOUS, the camera is phenomenal, and the internet is decently fast.  But alas, I've fallen out of love.  I've had several month's worth of 'little' problems, and now the phone has decided to shut off on its own and not turn back on.  Awesome.  Previous to this, it has rebooted itself for no reason, rearranges my apps in whatever order it likes, and decides randomly not to let me text properly.  The texting is pretty sucky by the way.  I know I'm biased since I had a blackberry before, but I do have an ipod touch, and if I'm remotely close to the letter I want, that's the letter it selects...no fat-fingering.  This phone makes regular texting nearly impossible, so I'm always swyping, which is pretty cool technology but it's still slow since I'm always having to correct it.  And battery life?  Ridiculously short.  Some days, I can barely get through 8 hours with no texting or facebooking, and the battery dies.  I have a charger at work, one by my bed, one in my car, and one here on my laptop...I can get it fully charged and a half hour of playing words with friends and it's down to half a battery.Again, the apps and the screen are awesome.  But the rest is sucky.  I am getting to the point where I may have to work some overtime at work so I can just pay out of pocket for an upgrade!

I've been using this phone for 4 days now, and enjoying ever since. I've never had fun with mobile phone like this. It's built very solid, feel just right in my hand, and its screen responsive to my touch is amazing. Responsive is much smooth than iphone 4g, but got used to it very quickly. I searched online how to change default search, voice recognition, and map from Bing to Google, and it really works perfectly. I'm not sure why people criticize about Bing default search. Unline iphone apps, there are tons of free useful android apps. Instead of using 3g hotstpot by paying $20/month, I'm using pdanet android tether app to connect fascinate to my laptop or desktop whenever internet cable is out for a moment.My first impression when I opened the box and switched on was "gorgeous screen." You have to see to believe. I don't think online pictures or video don't do any justice. Battery life is amazing. I also like the fact that I can change the battery. I always package extra fully charge battery, which is very useful. Only thing I can complain is the sync between MS outlook and Android. I guess I need to keep searching for the best app for sync.As my title says, it's not a perfect machine, but what is? Nothing can be perfect. I can't wait when Samsung release fascinate 2 next year. I hope Samsung and wireless providers listen to customers' voice very carefully.

The Samsung Fascinate is the latest cell phone release from the company for Verizon Wireless. Being a fan of Samsung products, I had to get one and see what the buzz was all about. I am sure glad that I did! To begin with, the 4-inch AMOLED screen is the first thing that I (and everyone else who has seen my phone) noticed. It presents everything from pictures to video, movies and TV in high quality definition. The all touch screen phone does not stop there. It features a 5.0 megapixel camera with 4X digital zoom and auto focus. I took pictures on a vacation with my phone and my family was impressed that they came from a camera phone! It also allows for HD video capture that you can stream to your TV via AllShare (luckily I have a DLNA enabled Samsung TV). Although some people do not like all touch-screen phones because they prefer a keyboard, the Fascinate offers the option of using Swype- the world record winning technology of typing in finger swipe motions. This feature is my favorite because I am an avid text-a-holic! Along with all of these pluses, it operates on the Android 2.1 platform with what seems like an unlimited number of applications. As if the iPhone-like application display was not enough, the Fascinate is equipped with up to seven home screens that can be personalized with very helpful widgets to suit your preferences. With all of the different types of cell phones out there, this one sure does live up to its name. Just try and see- let it "fascinate" you!

My living and working areas get pretty bad signal with Verizon. Will switch to other carrier as soon as contract expires.Samsung is very good indeed.Something is especialy worthy to mention is its camera/video quality that it takes excellent pictures.I totally recommend this phone set.

This is my first Amazon review! I had to come give this phone some praise. I originally planned to wait to get a phone in January when hopefully Android 3.0 phones would be coming out, but after seeing the display in-store, I knew I wanted to go ahead and get this one. I switched over from an iPhone 3GS w/AT&T and I'm 100% satisfied with my decision. Sure, the iPhone had a better game selection, but other than that I've found Android to trump the iOS in every other way. I love this display, so vivid and sharp. The camera/camcorder exceeded that of my 3GS (never had an iPhone4, so can't say for that phone). I love being able to customize so much of the phone. I immediately installed Launcher Pro and that made the phone feel 100x's faster. The Launcher Pro interface is so much better/snappier than the Samsung default GUI, it's the way Google intended for Android to look. Yes, the Bing search was a poor/annoying move by Verizon, but it's easily remedied with rooting or by Launcher Pro with the Google search widget (or just wait for Froyo update some time in the next month or two, Google search will be added back). The weight and size of this phone is just right for me, not too big, not too small. My girlfriend has a Droid X and I've played with most other Android phones enough to comfortably say I feel this is the best Android phone on the market (with each carrier having their own version of it). Buy it, install Launcher Pro first thing, you shouldn't be disappointed. I am looking forward to the Froyo update for the added browser speed & App installs to the MicroSD. Good job Samsung, now just give us timely updates and I will be encouraging my friends/coworkers to look at this phone for their next upgrade.

I've had my Fascinate for 9 months now and it is my first smart phone. My decision came down to the fact that this is a lower radiation phone. Yes, I know there is controversy about whether cell phone radiation is harmful or not, and no, I'm not an expert, but I decided to be safe now than sorry later.My young teenage son likes to use my Fascinate in the car to help me navigate or search for information, also to play games. He really likes the phone. Of course I limit the game time. I want to limit his radiation exposure.Parents, think about whether you want to take a chance on having your children absorb radiation. It's up to you, but I think you should make an informed choice. Do a web search on Cell Phone Radiation, Environmental Working Group. They post data on radiation absorption for many phones. Samsung phones tend to have lower absorption rates.Besides, I like the phone, and I can do everything I want to do on a smartphone. I rarely use Bing search, the phone has other options.  The display is beautiful and I'm satisfied that I made a good choice.
