
i finally conformed to the smart phone club, and this one is not only the cheapest one out there but also easy to use, cute, and exactly what i needed in a phone.

When I got home and logged on to MyVerizon website after activating my phone, I noticed that my contract had been extended for extra 2 years. I called Verizon's customer service and sorted things out but not before I mailed in (yes, by snail mail) a copy of my Amazon invoice and packaging to prove that I indeed bought a no-contract phone from Amazon. The customer agent told me that when their employee registered with the phone with Verizon, it showed up as a subsidized phone on the system (meaning that the vendor has already received a kickback from Verizon). I do not know whether this was true or the Verizon guy who activated my phone simply made some type of mistake while he was activating it. (To Verizon's credit, they not only undid my 2-year extension to my existing contract, they actually completely wiped off my contract (that had three more months left in it) and offered me a $50 upgrade credit and a waiver of my phone bill for one full month instead of the $30 upgrade that I had previously as part of new-every-two-years deal.) So, buyers beware, this particular product from Amazon may not be a no-contract phone as another reviewer has pointed out already. Please put a comment on this review if you have purchased a phone from this seller and was able to activate it without a problem (with no contract). This seller needs to be reported to Amazon if they are indeed selling subsidized phones disguised as no-contract phones.That said, the following is my original review of the product:=====================================================================I got my Pixi Plus about three weeks ago now and this is my very first webOS phone. It is very capable and does pretty much everything I need it to do. The Facebook integration is top notch, I browse the web, balance my checkbook, take quick memos, chat on Google Talk, manage my schedules, read and write e-mail, look up addresses on Google Maps, use online banking, watch Youtube videos, and play online chess occasionally. WebOS is simply amazing. At around $50 without contract for a very capable smartphone, there simply is no excuse to be buying a feature phone at this moment. I actually wanted a Pre 3 from HP and was going to use Pixi Plus as my interim smartphone and a primer to webOS, but I can definitely see myself using this device for a year or two without having to upgrade. Very happy with my purchase. Make sure you pick up a Touchstone or two and a Touchstone-enabled back cover as well. Oh, and instaling Preware and overclocking with UberKernel and Govnah will make the operation so much smoother.

I paied $51.94,it is a new palm pixi's price,but i received a second-hand cell phone,There are scratches and fingerprints on the screen ,no Original Screen ProtectorsB I am not satisfied and i dont buy anything in that shop .

It's worth the $35 I paid for it, but not much more. Too tiny and the setup is extremely cumbersome. That said, it works. I moved on after a few months and use it now primarily as a mp3 player and not as a phone.

I got this phone on amazon. because i was looking for a page plus phone i tried to activate it i wasn't able to do that they sand me to authorized dealer he told me that the phone is a broken phone he said that he had this experience with others. so be smart before you buy this phone from this seller.

this isnt a review its more of a question. i really hate how verizon now has the manditory data package and i really want this phone and im PRAYING it doesnt require one. before i waste my energy and call customer service or drive down to the Verizon store. can anyone please tell me if this phone requires one?Thankyou so much

i wasted my money buying this phone, it was not working. i was in the process of working and misplaced the phone because i wasn't able to use it. what disappoints me is this is the first time that i bought a used electronic devise over the internet and had a bad experience. i won't ever do it again.  i believe the person that sold me the phone knew it wasn't working.

I purchased this phone after having my DROID PHONE CONSTANTLY FREEZE UP - and I am very happy i switched.While I dont have all the fancy apps...It works for me because I rarely used them anyway.This phone is a perfect little companion that is very easy to use - It has touch screen & buttons,I am able to keep all my calendars and business in one place.Plus it did not hurt my pocketbook -

this phone is great! I love it (: I like small phones soo this phone is perfect! I will be keeping this phone (:

phone was as described new in box and it was easy to turn on and connect love this phone but dont love the app market fast shipping and very fair price.

recommend it to others who need just a phone and texting device. not pricey but works great. limited apps though

The size of the buttons are ridiculously small.  I sent it back the day after I received it. The buttons are slightly large than the opening of a click it ball point pen.

Bought one of these to replace a Droid 1 that was always crashing. Phone works great and is a little slow at times.  Much better to buy this than have to renew your 2-year contract with verizon!  This phone syncs with exchange and google mail which was all we really needed in a smartphone.  It came quickly and in full retail package brand new!

this is a great phone. touchscreen, nice keyboard, wi fi, mobile hotspot ( use preware > free tether ), lots of apps, no contract, Verizon coverage on PagePlus,  super fast inductive charging w touchstone, all accessories very inexpensive on amazon, small enough to slide in your pocket unnoticed. I've had mine for a few months and it's great. buy it !!! ( at $44 I may buy another one just for backup )

I purchased this fone via The OEM Shop, and have roughly been using it for a month. As far as I'm concerned, there is little room for improvement with this fone... IF your (and mine was) needs are an affordable, wifi-capable smartphone that can be used off contract/via prepaid service.How I'm using it: via Page Plus (Verizon network based,) data turned off, WIFI always on, Standard Plan ($10/120 days)PROS: Ultra affordable, Wifi-ready, interactive OS (WebOS,) 8GB drive space, lightweight and very compact, downloadable selection of relevant apps, ability to take web screenshots, ability to sync with various email clients/contacts/computer, ability to customize IP/wifi settings, full HTML capable (can watch Youtube via app and various other video sites,) can view docs/pdfs, ability to use own ringtones, camera and video capable, GPS capable.CONS: This version is CDMA and locked to Verizon network (though might be able to flash to another CDMA network,) no expansion slot for SD/microSD card, cannot use alternate browser (i.e. Opera Mini, etc,) media is unwatchable on sites that use Silverlight and some other web platforms (Netflix, etc,) can be difficult to shut down and has short battery power (I charge mine every other day.)

Received the phone in a nice package and with all of the parts and it looked like a brand new phone. I went to charge it and..... Nothing.  Phone arrived DOA. I guess thats the chance you take with refurbished items.

I never write reviews, HOWEVER, I just needed the world to know how this is absolutely the worst phone I have ever had. It is so slow, freezes all the time, the apps are worthless, the camera is horrible, the buttons are so small you can't use them if you have nails (even short ones), the charging port is horrible, it's so hard to get the charger to plug in the phone. It's difficult to navigate and I am just so dissapointed, I got it as a temporary phone and it was cheap however it wasn't even worth what I paid. I have never wanted to smash a piece of equipment into little worthless pieces of nothing the way I want to do to this phone.

I actually bought this phone as a replacement because my old Palm Pixi broke. The functionality and quality you get with this phone - and for only $50, it would be hard not to recommend. The only complaint I had was with the sellers shipping, which was slower than I would have liked.

first of all every hour it freezes for a few min. 2nd my phone only lets me talk on speaker and i allready got a new one and after a few months it had the same problems

The title says it all. Even though my current Pixi has a broken ringer switch which makes it vibrate only on calls and most notices, it's still much better than what I ended up getting. Amazon was great in giving at least a partial refund, though.

Got one, brand new in original Verizon package.Activated it on Page plus, so far so good.  Tested most features - email, contacts, web browsing, phone call, GPS, sms, music, hotspot youtube, facebook, almost everything listed.  Also tried to overclock it to make it smoother,  It can do pretty much everything an iPod touch does, plus making phone call.  It is pretty stable, only crashed several times in a week.(Expected more at this price. :-))All the accessories work fine too, namely touchstone charging. Battery life is OK but I only make a few calls each day.At this price, I won't compare it with iPhone or some Android phones.  As a phone and an entry level PDA, it gets the job done, reliable and dependable.

IT FALL DOWN TO THE FLOOR (not from tall) AND THE SCREEN GOT BROKEN ONLY AFTER USING IT 1 WEEK

i bought this thing for 36 dollars!!! Ive got 54 invested total in the phone and case and holster...another 35 in activation and first months usage thru page plus. The phone is awsome and really up to date...theres lots of free apps. Theres not a better deal out there on a brand new smartphone. this thing has everything you could need...e-mail, web browsing, contact syncing from yahoo or google mail, great games, wi-fi, mobile hotspot. I was concerned about it not having a mini sd slot for memory expansion when i ordered it but it hooks up fine to a pc. it even asks you everytime you plug it in if you want a data connection or just a charge. the 8gb is plenty for lots of music, videos or whatever you need..... need i say more?  oh yea... go to the kitty wireless website and you can activate it from home for just 6 bucks. there even a step by step tutorial on everything because so many people are switching to these!

Ordered this phone for my daughter. She loves it and it has held up well. She tends to be very hard on phones. Coupled this phone with an unlimited prepaid phone plan and she talks, texts and surfs the web at a very reasonable price. There is a starter kit that can be ordered at the same time for a cheap price that has a silicone cover and screen protectors as well as some other items that really help extend the life of the phone. I believe it included earbuds for music and a car charger as well. It is a great add on.

the Palm Pixi is definately the best phone at its price range. You get wifi , 3G, google map (replaced by bing map recently) and full featured browser for the price of a dump phone. Webos is very well designed and easy to use. There are a lot of draw backs, for example the memory is so small it cannot run most of the popular games. The stability is also an issue, the phone gives "too many cards" warning every once a while, even if you don't have any cards open, and have to be restarted every one or two weeks to eliminate the issue. Not to mention the slow CUP and glicthy touch screen. With all being said, it still do the job very well in making calls, receive emails, check maps and web surfing.

I got this phone since Monday and I love the simplicity of it. It does what I want: - texting - receive/make calls - access the Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc. - access emails ... just the basic functions. Only took me a quick phone call to VZ to activate it.

I never have been into the Smart Phone craze but I have been looking for a PDA and I kept seeing these palm phones, so I order this one and I have to say its an awesome phone. So now I'm a Smart Phone fan.

This phone was ordered quite some time ago along with the touchstone charger and case. I received both the other products and the phone hasn't even shipped yet. I have been waiting and if it isn't shipped by tomorrow I'm going to cancel my order. Whatever you do don't order from these guys!

This is the WORST phone ever!!! It always dies. Even in the middle of a conversation. I will NEVER purchase this phone again...

This little phone (and I mean TINY) has everything I need: the ability to make 'phone calls, text messaging, calendar, and alarm.  The "extras" are the wifi which does NOT require a data plan, as long a you toggle the wifi when you need it.  Also this unit has 8gb of memory which allows for about 7gb of storage, including music, etc.Palm interface is user friendly and there  are enough apps to keep me satisfied: Pandora, BBC World news, Google, eBay, TuneIn Radio, CNN...Of course, this 'phone is bare bones compared to my daughter's LG Optimus with Android, but it is also 1/2 the weight of her 'phone and 1/4 the price.A good 'phone for someone who needs a 'cell phone and wants the ability to access the internet without a data plan.  I mean, $50? C'mon, how can you say no?

I was happy with my sub $40 smart phone....until I received and activated it. There is a switch on the side that allows you to mute it or activate the ringer. The switch is defective, so the ringer never rings. The only way to get it to work is to pull the switch up as hard as you possibly can and keep it there.....as soon as you let go it's on mute. The sucky part is that I had to upgrade my plan for this phone and in order to replace it, I have to send it in! Piece of junk, AVOID!!!!

I absolutely  love this phone at almost $50 it lasted a long time, the space is amazing its durable, I had unlimited music space as well. I end up giving it to my son and upgrading to the iPhone. :-/ I wish they made a newer version

literally i bought this phone three weeks ago, restarts automatically, slow processor take forever to make a call, slow to open up texts and everything just ordered fast droid x, spend the extrra money, your better off witha basic phone

Everything was great and it worked great! Very good phone for the price especially with no contract! If your looking for a great smart phone for a great price you found it!

This phone took an hour to activate, will not add contacts, freezes, will not download apps, and is very slow. Do not waist your money buying it.

Item was broken. Didn't turn on. Waste of time and money. Just shows that there are some things you should buy online and some you shouldn't ,like this phoe

I bought this phone to connect with page plus but i cannot unlock it! Does anyone know how to unlock it?

The sound on my Blackberry Bold stopped working, but I didn't have another $400 to spend on another smart phone. So I was checking places like Ebay an Amazon, when I came across this phone. I was VERY skeptical when I saw the price, I had paid $450 for a Blackberry but this Palm Pixi was only $37? But I decided to order it anyway, if anything did go wrong I was only out about $40. When I received it, I was expecting a previously used phone with scratches and whatnot, which I wouldn't have been surprised at given the price. But instead it came brand new in the box with the charger and everything. I'm not really sure what to say about the no contract or whatever it is, seeing as how I already had a line with Verizon with the data plan, etc and was just looking for a replacement phone.I've only had the phone for a few hours, but I already love it. I'm still trying to learn all the features on it, but it's fairly simple to figure out. If anything goes wrong with it, I will update this review. But for now I'm very satisfied, both with the phone and ESPECIALLY the price.*Update 3/26/12* Still loving this phone, there were a few things I was frustrated by but I quickly figured out the problems. Takes great pics+videos, and it's very durable (have dropped it countless times, even survived after my dog got a hold of it despite a few bite marks). No regrets with purchasing this phone

The palm pixi plus is a great phone. Is far easier to use than others. The hotspot works great. The keyboard is incredible. The smaller size is nice, I don't like the heavy phones that are popular now.

My daughter ordered this for her birthday and it didn't work within a week.  It had all types of problems and was totally unusable.  There was no warranty and we couldn't return it.

Great phone for its price. great smartphone to use for an older version. bought a new one so it works well.

It's not quite as good as the current crop of smartphones, but for the price, it's unbeatable. 8 gigs (which really equates to about 6.5) for the same price as a Shuffle? I pretty use this phone for the mp3 aspect alone since I have an HTC incredible, but if I'm charging it or if I'm at the house cause I just use google voice on this phone to make calls. I activated it with pageplus like others here said, paid a $10 activation fee, and its been free ever since! Way more economical than any mp3 player u can pretty much buy!

It works great. It's more then I expected, the wifi capability works very good, picture quality is also great.It also have a pretty decent storage space where you can store songs videos.

My sister is the one who bought this phone. She seems to really enjoy it so it must be a good phone!

this is a very good phone for a brilliant price, and although the palm app store doesn't look like google play, new apps are being added every single day.

The phone is conveniently small, touch screen, WiFi, Hotspot,web browser, webOS, bluetooth, tons of apps and other downloadable content including updates, headphone port, volume buttons, speakerphone mode, good reception, 8GB, MP3 player,USB charger that can be charged on CPU or the wall outlet, video player and picture viewer.  You can drag & drop music , video and photo files to the device.  (yes, any song or mp3 file that you add to the ringtones folder can be used as a ringtone) and let's not forget the great camera.  The camera is wonderful and even has a flash bulb above the lens.  Video quality is excellent, and the picture quality is nice too.  It doesn't feel like it's made of cheap material at all and it has a full QWERTY keyboard just below the screen and the gesture pad.  The speakers are great, and they are almost as loud as laptop speakers.  Basically, it has about all of the features that you can ask for and there's too many to list here.  To make a long explanation simple, it's a mini-computer.  Wonderful upgrade from my last phone but............The activation process was a nightmare.  The Page Plus customer services reps were rude, semi-hostile and unable to spell my billing address or able to interpret what I was saying.  And yes, they spoke English and so did I. It's ridiculous how many times I had to repeat myself, and slowly read out serial numbers, phone numbers, credit card numbers and addresses.  Last I checked, customer service reps were not supposed to address customers with bad attitudes.  I had to call them like three times after doing like 100 other things to figure out how to complete the aggravating activation phase.  Anyway, I guess you can't win both.  A great phone with great service is just too much to ask I guess.  The price is out of this world for a device like this, but I guess bad service is a part of that price.***UPDATE***After two months of using this product and service, I can say that the phone is great but the service is garbage.  I hate Page Plus.  Every time I want to add text or talk time, there's some kind of issue that requires me to contact them by phone to resolve.  I'm honestly thinking about going back to my crappy old flip phone, or seeing if Verizon will offer a prepay service for this phone.  Everything was clear and crisp with Verizon prepay service, because you would get exactly what you pay for.  This is not the case with Page Plus service.  They are very questionable, and you never know what to expect when you pay for their service.  I'm tired of these issues.  They will not let your additional minutes or text time roll over after expiration, they will not let you add on to your current plan and to have to deal with them so frequently is just unneeded stress.  One way or another, I will go back to Verizon even if I do have to pay extra for the data plan.  At least I'll know what I'm getting for my money with Verizon.  Page Plus is a nightmare, and if you don't believe me just look at what other disappointed customers had to say about them.  I should have done the research before I trusted them.

I bought this for my son's data plan, and he absolutely LOVES IT! I could remember the great smile on his face once he opened that package... was in a genuine case, glossy, and new... THANKS!

i'm very very happy with this item works very goodi'm very very happy with this item works very good

First of all the phone looks great, the fault is with me I did not paid enough attention when I ordered the phone:a.) CMDA phone without Sim Card slotb.) I ordered two phones, one works fine but the other the batteries does not charge.I will not return the phones $ 49.00 hardly worth the hassle, will end up being a toy for my children.

I just got this phone (Pixi Plus) and it is very nice but I don't think it is worth a 30 dollar a month data plan with Verizon. It is probably a good deal on Page Plus, which I may switch to. I bought this phone on the spur of the moment because I dropped and broke my old phone. I am thinking of keeping the Pixi for at least a few months, probably on Verizon, where I am currently off contract. I will then decide whether to buy a flashy new phone. On the other hand, I am still mulling over the idea of just switching to Page Plus. The bottom line is that if one is going to spring for a 30 dollar per month data plan with Verizon, at least for more than a few months, one should also shell out for a phone with all the latest bells and whistles and do the two year contract. But as a Page Plus phone, it is probably great. In the five days that I have had the phone so far, I have had minimal need to use the Verizon data features of the phone. The Pixi Plus is perfectly suitable using WiFi. Besides, many people are getting WiFi enabled tablets now, so what is the big deal about smart phones?Here is a follow up about two months later: The phone is ridiculous. I have tremendous problems dialing on the electronic keyboard which is way too sensitive. The call quality is not great. When I try to enter a phone number it is usually wrong and sometimes it dials or answers when I do not want it to. The screen for internet is too small to be of any good practical use. Once in a while I use it, but the screen is too small to be used comfortably.

So far this phone at least as well as my last one,it's considerable small and has much better sound quality. My only complaint would be its not capable of doing the backup assistant thing. Camera quality video both great.

The phone works just fine, but I cannot download any apps. Other than that it is a good working phone.

This is an older model phone. With that comes some practical issues involving the purchase and installation of apps and games. The user forums were invaluable in helping getting this resolved and getting back on track. Once passed that hiccup you will find most apps are somewhat glitchy. Again, as an older model, it does not have a modern processor or even a removable memory card. The camera is passable. This device reminds me of the early BlackBerry products good for two things - email and text. The keyboard is nicely setup and is an absolute necessity with a phone this small. However, that's the upside. This phone is very small and disappears in a pocket unlike an iPhone or Galaxy. This has turned out to be a good starter phone for my young daughter as b it's built well and fits her smaller hand perfectly.

Bought this phone to use with Page Plus Wireless, if you haven't looked into Page Plus and you use prepaid cell service you might want to check it out. Great deal!!!

Phone was exactly what I ordered and arrived on time. Was brand new in box and works perfectly. These palm phones have always been a great product and I recommend this phone to everyone.

I have a GSM version with AT&T.;  It was a warranty replacement for the Palm Centro.After almost a year, I could no longer stand the feeling of being "ripped off" by the inability of this grossly underpowered phone to do anything but a simple online task.  Acquaintances with the iPhone or Android smart phones are productive with their phones.  The Pixi on the other hand, is a "black hole of time consumption" from which no productive task can escape.  If you are forced to buy a data plan with this phone, you will be wasting that money (as I did) month, after month, after month.I have used (and loved) Palm products for about 15 years (I still have and use a Palm TX for a couple of Palm OS apps).  Palm has slowly deteriorated.  HP has further deteriorated their reputation with yet another line of diversification.  I would never buy anything but printers from HP.  (We own at least five & they just won't die, but that's another subject.)Despite my satisfaction with Palm's Web OS.  I despise the Palm Pixi phone.I really wanted to like the Pixi, but it is totally ineffective to use for other than voice or text.If voice, text, and small size are your only requirements, you might be satisfied with this phone.I finally bought one of the aforementioned "real" smart phones.  Both the iPhone and the Androids are great phones. Chose one of those

It works fine, although it is not perfect.The battery last up to two or three days if I do not have the wifi on, pretty good.Sometimes, it reminds me of "too many cards" because memory is not enough, which is kind of disappointing. Also, when I have a few cards on, it reacts very slow. But compared with its price, I am satisfied with its performance.

This would not be my top choice of phone.  I had this phone for a year but soon wanted a different phone.

The phone was defective. I took it to my local Verizon store.  Rep confirmed it was defective.  I would recommend a different phone.

I love this phone. I can't believe I waited this long to get a smartphone. The only problem I have had so far is saving attached pictures from an email and getting picture messaging. Besides that everything else is fine.

Even though it is slightly outdated, it is a good deal. Item arrived on time. Brand new as advertised. This is a smart phone. Verizon requires a data package for $40 per month. Too much for occasional use. Tried Page Plus Wireless. It resells Verizon air time at a much lower price. The phone has WiFi. You can use WiFi wherever it is available to save on data charge.

this is my first smart phone and I am very pleased with it. I got a great price here on amazon and began a prepaid plan with pagepluscellular.com. I am paying $29.95 a month for 1000 mins, 3000 texts and 100mb of data (can't beat that with a stick!). i was tempted by the fancy 'free' smart phones offered by other contract carriers but am SOOOOO glad I went this route as I would have ended up paying a few thousand dollars for that "free" phone after an expensive two year contract with data plan through verizon. Page plus was great and very helpful during activation and set up. You can do an auto reload for your plan each month on their website (no tax!!!).Pros for the phone:-Verizon network-WiFi (definitely the top pro!)-price-great camera with flash-music player-sound quality is good during calls-easy to set up and logical navigationcons for the phone:-tiny keyboard-touch screen is kind of small-having some issues using facebook (it keeps telling me to reload???)overall, this is a great little phone and i'm happy with it!

I think this phone is a great starter smartphone. Before I had this phone, I had a verizon LG flip phone and I did not want the internet. But my living circumstances have changed, and being in a busy city means that I really do need access to the internet 24/7.Unfortunately, this phone isn't capable of using all of the apps in the app store, and the version of Safari that it runs on is not compatible with all websites. It will probably last me for a year, and then I will move up to an iphone.Definitely a great buy from amazon, however. It would have been ridiculously expensive elsewhere, and it came with a charger and directions.

The palm pixi plus I received was without a battery. The listing said it was supposed to come with a battery. Now I have to return it for refund.

I have a contract with Sprint and got the Pal Pixi.  I have gone through 5 of these phones(screen won't scroll, 2 times the plastice backing melted tot he phone, volumn control button got stuck, and it's won't connect to my bluebooth), each time I have trouble I take it back to Sprint and they replace it with the same phone.  This phone dails on its on, the screen scrolls w/o touching it, it get too hot, it'll dail back the last number called w/o me touching the phone,  if I dare to watch TV or any program, it drains the battery, and let's not even talk about what listening to music does to the battery.  Recently during less than normal usage only phn calls), I went to a dance class came out and the battery was drained, thank goodness I had the car charger handy.  I positively hate this phone, and so does my sister who got the same phone when we activated our plans with Sprint, so much so that she eventually went back to a blackberry.

I did not never open the product i had to send item back because this is notwhat i was looking for i wanted a i pod touch thanks any way

I really like this phone.. It is my first smart phone. I like the way the phone and it's functions are set up... I am really disappointed that it keeps failing to download Applications.. I called version and all they can tell me is Apps are available still but they can't give me any support with why it's failing because from what I hear Hp bought Palm  and started losing money on it so they shut down business... I have tried calling Hp directly and they say they don't support cell phone either.... ??? I guess I will just have to live with no apps. I can still access the internet and such so it's not too bad. And another thing is with Verizon because the Palm is a basic/smart phone they DO charge you an extra $10/mo... which also disappointed me. They said they used to be able to do no data and keep the same billing but they can no longer remove data from your plan if you have a smart phone.. And the key pad is very small but I'm getting used to it.. So those are the couple disappointments I have but even with that said I do still like the phone..

it was great.......took a while for it to come on... but great buy. i reccommend anybody to try this phone. it worth having

The good parts - it is sleek, lightweight, and the rubber grip is nice. I think that's all I can say...The bad --1)ever since I first started using it, it has randomly frozen and self restarted. It does this once a day on average. The only solution is taking the battery out and putting it back.2) When I put the phone on silent, it is not totally silent. It will still make random noises. There is no "silent all" option, either. It's either on or it's on vibrate.3) Since it turns off randomly, I cannot depend on it for an alarm.4) Battery life sucks.5) In the beginning, when I saved numbers into it, it would randomly "unsave" the number on it's own a week or so later. So I was constantly having to ask people, "who is this?" and feeling dumb.6) Apps are so slow I don't even bother. Most of them don't work right and are useless anyways.7) When you touch the missed call screen, it immediately begins to call that person back, which most of the time is not what I want.8) Sometimes while I'm using the screen it will randomly go black. When I press the "on" button to unlock the screen again, it will just flash the screen and go black again before I can do anything. Usually the only way out is a reboot, which can take 2 minutes!!!9) The phone will also go black while I'm in the middle of a call, which is hard to deal with when you have to "press 1" for this, press 2 for that, etc.I really dislike it and would not recommend it to anyone, but for $30....it works 50% of the time, what more can I ask for?

First off, I bought this phone to use specifically with the Page Plus service.  At $29.99 a month for 1200 minutes, 3000 Texts, and 250 MB of Data, that is a bargain!  But back to the phone.  It's small yet it packs a big punch! 8GB of memory, text messaging, camera (only 2mp but still good for an occasional snapshot or to record a short video), a great operating system, built in apps such as youtube and gps, wifi capable, mp3 player, and more.  More apps are available from the Palm App Catalog such as facebook, pandora,and even Angry Birds! If you are on the go, you can easily turn on the 3g function to use the built in web browser to check emails, showtimes, wikipedia, etc. This is a great phone especially if you don't care for all the bells and whistles of today's iphone's and android phone's!

I love this little phone.  It has so much available and yet is small and thin enough to fit in my pocket with no bulge.  It takes a little learning (without a lot of instruction) but it is so worth the time to figure out how to use it.

I got my phone and it is as expected.  Appears to be brand new, no problem getting assigned to my line.  Had to call customer car, gave them info, turned off phone, and I was good to go.The user issues I've read are user issues and not being familar with the gestures on WebOS.  I had the Palm Pre for almost two years and ordered this when it died.  It is an entry level smart phone.  Many of the 1's and 2's are related to the data package required.  That should have been realized by the buyer with two minutes of simple investigation on your purchase.It works great for me.  Quick enough, great multi-tasking.  If you want a good simple phone for web, social media, and email this is a great place to start.  Its not the High End phone, not for gaming...but if you know what your buying this will more than meet your expectations.  For the average non business consumer this blows the basic blackberry's out of the water.

Although OEM Shop was a few $ cheaper, was weary of their poor reviews and instead bought it new for $40 from Pavilion Electronics / Digital Pavilion.  Couldn't be happier.  I'm a long-standing Verizon customer and the free wireless hotspot for those who already have a data plan is great, especially since my two not particularly tech-savvy neighbors are unable to reliably keep their unsecured connections running.  DSL Reports indicates 750 Kb/sec down and 182 Kb/sec up.  Not bad for a non-4G phone.

I couldn't believe that this phone was on sale for $48.00 brand new! I needed a phone with a QWERTY keyboard and email capabilities and this device fit the bill.  This was my first exposure to webos and I have to admit that it is impressive.  The touch screen is quite responsive, but a little finicky at times.  I use it on page plus cellular network with the $29.99 plan that includes 100mb of data.  I have only had the phone for a week, but I will provide updates if my user experience changes.Tips:-Use wifi only to save money, this phone is always trying to use cellular data-To save battery, place wifi on sleep mode. (whenever the phone sleep wifi is automatically shut off)Pros- Great Price!- Basic features for business and personal use (Email / Phone / Contacts / Calendar / Tasks/ Music / Video)- Decent Screen Size;- Excellent profile! This phone easily fits into my front pocket!Cons- Small keyboard with tiny buttons- Volume for voice call seems rather low - fixed by using hands free device.

I bought this phone for my wife, and she's loved it since getting it. It's a fast, slim, and very user friendly phone with a great operating system. Plus, if you can find an inexpensive one without a contract on Amazon like I did, you're in for a really great value.

When I turn on the mobile phone, appears on the home screen as blocked, call the wireless company, and I report that appears as stolen, no one answered delular'm useless, I have to paperweights

This phone is amazing. I had upgraded from my ENv3 to a Pantech Crux three months ago. The Crux was horrible. It lagged and was difficult to do the most simplest things. Since I had just upgraded I would have to pay full price for a new phone. I found this phone and was thrilled. I ordered it and it only took three day to get here. I love it!!!! It works great and is easy to text. I recommend this product to everyone

I bought this phone back in 2010 and it was definitely an upgrade from a really old BlackBerry Pearl that only got Edge service, 3G didn't exist yet when this blackberry came out, (talking about the pixi now) and so it was fast, and oh-so small, the screen; perfect! Than that 3 month period comes, you've had for a while, you're acquainted with the phone, and you have your apps, and some music, pictures, contacts, maybe you bought the touch stone charger like me, and a green case. Than it's all down hill from there. Apps take longer to load, the camera takes longer to open, than it starts to overheat and the battery life changes and than the phone will start dying while in an app. Just turn off. Than the case you bought snaps on the sides, and the one year mark is here and your case is useless so you remove it so you look stupid with your battery and SIMcard showing. You loose all faith in the phone and buy something that was free from your companies store like an iPhone 3G-S. I'm super gental with my phones, I don't understand why this happened.

when I received the phone it was fine but it occasionally cuts off by itself and I also can't download any apps from the app store so this phone sucks if you ask me

This is NOT a no contract phone. I bought it looking to put it on my prepaid service account. Well you can't do that. I called Verizon multiple times, I went into a store, and even tried an old number for activating pre paid cell phones. Everytime it could not be activated as a no contract. This is in all regards false advertisement to this phone. You can not get it into a pre paid account. Why this is labeled "no contact" and in the pre paid section? I have no idea because it is not either.

Updated 1-21-13.  Unlocked Cell Phone Kings of Miami, FLA,finally said in December 2012 that they would replace my completely locked up phone with a refurbished phone.  It took a lot of conversation to get to this point of a refurb phone.  Initially they said they did not have any NEW phones although they were still advertising NEW phones on Amazon and I was able to put a new phone in my "cart."  When questioned why they still showed new phones on Amazon they got very nasty and said they would not help me.  So I sent the phone back and it was returned later that week.  IT WAS MY SAME BROKEN PHONE.  UCPK said that I had sent in a different phone, that I had switched phones, that I did not send in the phone that was purchased from Amazon, that the phone had a different serial number that the one originally sent.  NOT TRUE.  I purchased 1 phone online and have the shipping statement and the box it was sent to me in.  UCPK refused to fix the phone or replace it as they had promised because they said I voided the warranty since I switched phones on them. I have the paper trail of where, when, and who ported my service from my previous phone to the Palm Pixi phone purchased from UCPK.  Obviously they required the serial number at time of porting service so there is a trail of evidence and I am not the one lying.  DO NOT BUY FROM UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS of MIAMI, FL.  THEY ARE NOT HONEST.FIRST REVIEW OF UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGSI bought my Palm Pixi from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings in April 2012. As of December 2012, it has gone bad, will not unlock, cannot make/receive calls, cannot text. There is only a 90 day warranty with Amazon. I found the number for UK and have called. They could not do anything for me on the phone. I asked if they had any other phone I could purchase to use with Page Plus Prepaid. They would not discuss this or help me. They said they would send a link to an online form that you have to fill out and submit, which I did. I have been waiting since last week for an answer. You have no idea who... Read MoreI bought my Palm Pixi from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings in April 2012. As of December 2012, it has gone bad, will not unlock, cannot make/receive calls, cannot text. There is only a 90 day warranty with Amazon. I found the number for UK and have called. They could not do anything for me on the phone. I asked if they had any other phone I could purchase to use with Page Plus Prepaid. They would not discuss this or help me. They said they would send a link to an online form that you have to fill out and submit, which I did. I have been waiting since last week for an answer. You have no idea who you are communicating with and what they will or will not do. After several unanswered emails thru Amazon to UK, I received a response from UK saying that my email would be "processed" soon. Unknown what "process" means. So until I get a response, I am without a phone which is not a great situation for a senior citizen living alone or anyone else!! The original purchase experience with UK was good. Phone arrived in a timely manner. Depending on how this is handled will determine if I purchase from UK again. You sure don't know about a company until you have to use their customer service department.  I still hope they will do something to help me.

Setting up the Palm profile was a little tricky, But once that was done the phone is great. Good call quality, The palm app store could be better but all in all it's a good phone. I set mine up on page plus and it works great.

a cheap piece of plastic crap.  Does not follow the settings for audio notifications, cannot close windows, they only minimize, does not sync as previous versions.  Did not come 'new' in the box,  the box was generic, no manual included...only time will tell how many more fails this piece of plastic crap will accomplish

I picked this up off contract as I've never had a smartphone and wasn't ready to plunge for an Android device.  I find that the physical aspects of the Pixi are outstanding.  I absolutely love the rubbery feel to the back of the device.  It is also very small... but for some I can see as a negative.  For me, it is great.  It slides EASILY into my pocket and I can forget it's there.  This means that the screen is also very small.  The touch is very responsive and while the keyboard is also very small, they are exceptionally easy to type on.

The phone was shipped fast and received quickly.  I would buy something from this seller again.  The seller was UnlockedCellPhoneKings.  I have had a Palm product in the past and it is a basic phone.  Of course the OS needs to be updated but Palm was brought out by HP.  I know that will not be added to this phone.  But it was in place of a Blackberry while we wait for the next iPhone for Verizon.Thanks!

This phone is perfect. My daughter broke her Droid and we are not eligible for an upgrade or a replacement. Even with insurance, replacing her phone would have cost me 150 dollars so the search began for a replacement. My daughter found this phone and I thought there had to be a catch or it wouldn't work with our plan or something weird, but it came BRAND NEW in a box with a ligit ESN. She loves it and we are very happy. The people at the Verizon store were amazed at my find. Awesome! Thanks Amazon. Side note, if you want this quickly PAY for shipping. It was too hard to wait. Sometimes free shippping isn't worth it.

The sound goes in and out. Lots of times people cant even hear you. It will just randomly stop getting service in a place with full bars.

Had to write this review because of the people saying they got refurb phones.  I ordered this phone in May 2011, it came new in the box with all manuals, and cables. I ordered one for me and one for my daughter.  Her phone is still fine, my screen is now having a problem, HP offered to repair (I'd be without a phone for at least 12 days) free except my shipping cost or give me a loaner and repair 29.95 shipping included.  I checked here and found the price went down again.  I might as well spend 7 more dolars and get a NEW phone.Again, I received 2 new phones in new packages quickly from this seller and I'm ordering a third to replace my broken phone because it's about the same price to get a new phone from this seller as repairing the old phone.

Its not often you can get a no contract verizon smart phone for this price.  The Palm Pixi Plus is a steal.  I have been into the verizon stores and tried many phones and this one performs very well in comparison.  Grab one of these for a spare to keep around the house or to replace a lost or stolen phone.Its great!

My Palm Pre Plus broke with just a few months left on my contract, so I was looking for a cheap smart phone to get me by until I can upgrade. When I saw the Pixi Plus for only $36 I was skeptical...but it's legit. Since I was already a Palm user, it transferred my e-mail accounts, apps and contacts over in one simple step. It has all of the same features of my Pre, just in a much smaller package. This is a tiny little phone, so if you're used to a Droid or iPhone type screen you will be disappointed. However, you do get a fully-functional smart phone with good clear sound at a ridiculously low price. I couldn't even find used phones for this price!

Great seller FAST delivery and i think web Os is amazing and why better then iOS . Palm pre pixie is small and does all that the big size phones do all compact in a full web os experience.

Very good smart phone for the price of $50 for unlocked verizon. Probably not as good as Iphone and other top of the line smart phones but I really like the size. One of the lightest and smallest phones on the market.

i thought this phone was already unlock but its not i want a unlock phone not this if i had new it was lock i would have never buy it terrible just terrible.

I purchased this project from Warehouse Deals, Inc.  I wanted a back-up phone in my possession in case my original Palm Pixi died.  My original phone died this week, a year after my purchase of this phone, and I finally opened the box.  It was a blackberry!  Says clear as day &#34;Palm Pixi&#34; on the outside of the box and the receipt -- but the contents are just wrong.  I do not recommend Warehouse Deals, Inc.  Buyer beware!

I got this phone for my mother, she hated it (she is not very tech savy... she doesnt even text),  but i thought it was neat. Worth the money but the the keys are really tinny. I dont know how anyone is suppose to use the key pad

It was new without a contract and for that it's hard to beat the price. But the phone felt very cheap & compared to the popular new smart phones this was temporarily replacing it was not the same. It didn't seem to sink that well with email and social media, would update sporadically.

I received my Palm Pixi Plus ahead of the scheduled date promised. Kudos to the shipper!I read numerous reviews about how bad the Palm Pixi Plus was and I couldn't disagree more. I primarily use my phone for talk and text, and the Palm Pixi Plus, exceeds my expectations. I think its unfair to compare every phone to an Iphone. I have an ipod and a macbook pro. so all of the other features people look for aren't necessarily a priority for me.PROSThis phone has a great touch screen (most are unaware of this function)compact sizegreat lookI love the way you can multitask.$49.great pictures and videoCONSIf I have to complain about something, it would be the charging of the phone. A little cumbersome but thats really splitting hairs.

Reasons you must buy this phone.....1. It is cheap.2. If you do not want to use it as a Verizon phone, you can use it with Page Plus Cellular for a much cheaper monthly fee.3. If you do not want to use it as a phone at all, you can use it as a music player with 8 gigabytes memory built in.4. If you do not want to use it as a music player, you can use it as a video player with 8 gigabytes memory built in.5. If you do not want to use it as a video player, you can use it to surf the internet using wi-fi.6. If you do not want to use it to surf the web, you can use it as a mini word processor.7. If you do not want to use it as a word processor, you can use it as a low resolution camera.8. If you do not want to use it as a camera, you can use it as a low resolution video recorder.In conclusion, you must buy this phone!

First the good: the user interface is the best part of this phone. The layout and gestures are great and easy to use. It is easy to download from the app store when the phone cooperates. There is a live support team. It has a good media player. The download restrictions protect your privicy  Now the bad: The restrictions on the phone do not allow you to download apps from anywhere but the app store. You cannot download mp3s from anywhere but amazon. You must have a palm profile. The app store is extremly thin and of poor worth. It is not moderated. Their is one app that costs $1000 that does nothing and was bought by several people. The app store has stopped reciving new apps a while ago. And in cases the app store stops working. I contacted palm support about this when mine stopped working. They had me follows some steps they gave. The result of their steps was a broken phone. I contacted them about this and they couldn't figure it out. They refused to replace my phone.

The keypad is small which is great for me because I have small fingers, but not for those who do. Also I had to go into Verizon Wireless Store to transfer my contacts over and could not do that over the phone. If I do text message over 3 lines it will not send them. I asked my Verizon carrier why this was...they could not figure it out because the Palm Pixi Plus sent text messages to their phone perfectly. Maybe because they have different carriers then Verizon??? Also there are a few seconds of lag time from when you ask the phone to do something to when it actually does it. Overall it was a great price and very stylish.

I love this phone, except the reception is poor. Before this, I had a Blackberry, and although the signal wasn't great, I could get reception. I can't get much reception outside the house. The cost was right. I like the fact it has wi-fi which I can use in my hoe without turning on the mobile hotspot. I found out you have to have a data plan to program the phone. I had only a talk and text plan. Even the technical people at PagePlus Cellular couldn't figure out the problem. I signed up for a data plan and it instantly allowed me to program the phone.If you are in an area with good reception, I highly recommend the phone.

I replaced this phone after having broken a plug in device in a smae phone. The sound is great and the screen has very clear photos. The phone also has one great feature, a Mobile hotspot installed in the basic sofwear, making this a great business tool. The price was actually one of the best features as well. When I shopped this product with verizon, I was told that they didn't have any of them in stock and it would be well over 2 weeks before they could replace it. The price with Verizon was well over $100.00 yet when I purchased this product through amazon the price was only $67.00 including shipping and handling. All in all a great purchase.

Este tel&eacute;fono no sirve aqu&iacute; en CR, ya que no trae la ranura para ponerle chip... osea no desperdicie su dinero si lo quiere para Costa Rica; adem&aacute;s no se puede usar sin chip, ya que aunque dice "desbloqueado, sin contrato", solo se puede utilizar llamando a verizon en USA. osea... La entrega y lo dem&aacute;s excelente.

I ordered this phone a week ago, and I specifically ordered the Verizon version.I get the phone today, and it's the AT&T; version.I know UMTS, GSM, HSPA, EV-DO Rev. A, EDGE, 1xRTT can be confusing and a little overwhelming, but AT&T; and Verizon are pretty simple to distingush.

this fone the first time I got it from hard2find acceseries it didn't really work buttons didn't go they sent me a new one and now my palm app catalog doesn't work and I know a friend who has the same fone just paid a little more and everything works fine  no one buy from hard2findacceseries

A lot of things went wrong with this phone right away. It is refurbished and apparently was never all the way fixed. I would've returned it but my little sister scratched the back with a penny, and didn't do any internal damage, but enough that I can't send it back. So I'm stuck with it. Since I first started using it: the phone occasionally turns off on its own accord. It has deleted all of my contacts on its own accord. And it has also gone through spells of not being able to receive or send picture messages, which I thought was a problem with my provider, but have found that no, it's just the phone.

This phone is so amazing!  It loads super fast and is small.  The keys are really easy to type on and it has a soft back on it.  This phone is very amazing!  My dad asked me a question the other day and it took me 30 sec to find out the answer on my palm pixi!  I love this phone and would recommend it to anybody!

I ordered this phone to setup as a PDA to check email and browse news. This is an excellent device, no contract and WIFI connection is very fast. I like it very much. I rated it 4 stars, since the battery life is so how short. It could hardly last a day if you used it very often. BTW, you need a micro USB 2.0 cable to bypass the activation.

The phone was arrived a day earlier then the anticipated date, which was awesome. The phone was said to be in new condition and there were no scratches or blemishes anywhere. However when I turned on the phone it skipped the activation process and when straight to the part were you need to sign into a palm profile. The login fields were pre populated with a previous username. I decided to try to activate the phone anyways since it was in a like new condition.I called Page Plus and went through all the steps to activate it but nothing was working. The problem was that the phone could not get a signal from any cell towers. It just said searching... The Page Plus rep suggested that maybe the phone was defective because it seemed like the radio in the phone was not functioning properly. I was a little discouraged to hear that but he did have a point. But I dont give things up easily. So I decided to try and trouble shot the problem myself  with success.When I did was I typed in ##786# into the phone dialer. This brings up a screen with logistics support information. I then scrolled all the way down and at the bottom of that screen is a reset button. When you press this button a dialog box appears called "Mastery Subsidy Lock" asking for a password. I did some searching and found that the pasword is simply 000000. This will reset your phone to the condition it was in before it left the factory. So it erased the phone memory including any previous user settings. It also rests all radios and so forth and then the phone rebooted. After the phone turned back on it immediately found the nearest cell tower and was receiving its signal. I was then able to activate the phone with Page Plus without any issue.So in summery... If you have any problems activating and/or receiving any signal just open your dialer and:type ##786# in the dialerscroll down to the bottom of the next screen that openshit the rest button and enter the passord 000000 in the dialod boxconfirm the reset and wait for your phone to rebootThat should hopefully fix the problem.Update 1: I forgot to mention that this phone did not have any recondition date. So this phone was not a refurbish. You can find this information by typing ##786# into the phone dialer.

I bought this phone because my Android died and I am waiting for 4g LTE phones to become cheaper ... very pleasantly surprised by this phone....too bad Web OS is dead and there wont be new apps ported to this platform ...

Product was shipped and arrived far before estimated time and was in perfect condition! Everything works great with no scratches or dents. Great service

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE IF YOU JUST NEED TO REPLACE YOUR BROKEN OR LOST PHONE OR ACTIVATE WITH PAGE PLUS. I BOUGHT THIS FOR $35 AND PUT IT ON THE PAGE PLUS 29.99 1200MIN,3000TXT,100MB PLAN AND ITS BEEN WORKING GREAT!!!PAGE PLUS USES VERIZONS TOWERS SO WE GET GREAT SIGNAL AND 3G EVERYWHERE!!!!GREAT PURCHASE!!!!

To Whom is thinking of buying this phone.  Do not dare buy this phone and especially for these sellers.  I took the phone to the Verizon Store and they told me that the phone definitely will not work.  It is a piece of worthless trash and the sellers should be ashamed of trying to sell it.  Do not dare buy anything from these sellers!

I buy this one for using Pageplus. Item arrives in good condition, packed well. The keyboard is very small so if you have average fingers you will have some problem. Otherwise it worth the price.

I love this phone. I purchased it for less than $45 and use it with PagePlus wireless. Couldn't be happier. The touchscreen is awesome. The wifi is fast. The keyboard is perfect for quick texting. Happy customer!

I am using my Palm Pixi through PagePlus cellular and am quite please with this phone. I've used a tracfone for years but recently moved and couldn't get reception in my new home. I needed to be on the Verizon network, but really don't use the phone enough to justify verizon's prices. This works perfectly.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  At first she loved it.  Then, about a month in, she would have problems with the volume.  The ringer was difficult to turn on.  We figured out that the little switch that turns it from ringer to silent has to be slightly in the middle for the volume to work.Then the phone started freezing. My daughter is always having to turn it off and restart it to get it to work.  The most recent issue happened when she tried to restart it and it signed her out of her Palm Pixi account.  It didn't give us an option of signing back in and she lost ALL of her contacts, images, everything!  Now, it turned itself off and it won't turn back on, even though it was fully charged, and even though we put it back on the charger &#34;just in case&#34;.  I'm fed up with this phone!  I've only had it for a little under 2 months.

Buyer beware. this is not a GSM cell phone but a CDMA.  Was very dissapointed with amazons customer help as they told me that it was a GSM.  Had i known this i would not have bothered to ship it to Trinidad where i live.

TO THOSE LOOKING TO REPLACE THEIR FEATURE PHONE: DATA PLAN IS REQUIRED.I purchased the Palm Pixi Plus as a replacement Verizon phone for a younger sibling. However, I was not aware that the product required a data plan to activate...unfortunately, I assumed that the Wi-Fi feature would enable me to bypass the now mandatory data plan.However, for reviews sake, I activated the phone on my line, and it worked beautifully (for the hour I played around with it).The touch screen interface is mainly focused on taps rather than swipes, but it is still a gorgeous display.Whilst the keypad may appear small at first, it is surprisingly easy to use, your fingers naturally adjust to the raised buttons and work accordingly.And for the many of you who do own smartphones, this is a good one to keep as a backup, in case your "smart" phone ever malfunctions. At roughly $37, this phone is well worth the money.

amigos ticos ..por error compre este telefono confiando en la informacion que encontre , este telefono no trae ninguna opcion para la trajeta SIM, no se le puede introducir porque no hay ranura o espacio donde hacerlo,no trae nunguna ranura como los telefonos normales, el telefono esta desbloqueado pero la compa&ntilde;ia de telefonos ICE no tiene Dual-band CDMA200(la frecuencia con la que trabaja el telefono)......... buen servicio  y buena entrega por parte del vendedor , el telefono esta nuevo.si quieren tener este telefono y que funcione en costa rica tienen que comprarlo desbloqueado de at&t;.

It doesn't install apps. I fee like I'm back in the cell phone dark ages of only texting and calling. I can't post pictures to Facebook or instagram for my relatives. This phone truly is a disappointment.

This phone is amazing!  The 3G internet is so fast using the hotspot, that I cancelled my home DSL service, so now I will be able to take my laptop or iTouch with me anywhere and have internet, in addition to the unlimited internet on the phone ($29.99 service plan required).The keys are a little small, so if you have big fingers, this may not be the phone for you, but other than that the operation of the phone is very easy, and set up is a breeze!HP now owns Palm, so the webOS is awesome!

This phone is great. The only problem with this phone is that it requires a data plan. If you need a new phone to replace the old one, and your plan had no internet, you must pay an additional 30$ or so for tha data plan. The phone has 8GB of memory to store music, videos, ect. Switching phones was a pain because once you turn it on, it automaticly calls an activaion number. I live in an area where the Verizon tower signal does not reach and I had to call customer support. I had to press the Emergency call tab, delete the 911 number and a whole bunch of other nonsense. Other than that, the phene has good graphics, touch screen, keyboard, and speakers. Just know what your buying and this phone is a blast.

I was looking for a smarter phone but didn't want to pay a lot (upfront or on an ongoing basis).  I've paired the Palm Pixi Plus (Verizon no-contract version) with Page Plus Cellular's $29.95/month plan (just under $32/month with tax) and it's exactly meeting my needs (1,200 minutes, 2,000 SMS, and 100Mb of data).The Palm's Pixi Plus provides Wifi connectivity and--thus far--I've simply set the cellular data to off position. The roughly $57 I paid for the Pixi Plus seems to be a great value: Despite only running Palm's webOS v1.4.5, it's plenty of functionality for me (contacts, talk, text, a couple apps, etc.).With 8Gb of storage (~7Gb usable), I've parked my iPod and haven't used my personal laptop to check my Gmail account since I activiated the Pixi Plus (Gmail syncronizes when I come within range of a Wifi network). I now have a capable device at an affordable cost: After finishing this review, I'm ordering another one (my wife wants one too). Also going to grab the Touchstone add-ons for additional convenience.

I've used mine for a year. I know it is weird to write a review now.Though I have changed to an Iphone 5, I really wanna speak highly of this smartphone.I love it. It had all the functions that I need. Cheap and practical.

My DroidX broke, but usual story: I'm not up for a discounted phone for a few mos. So I picked up the Pixi+ to use until then. I wanted something a little simpler, but not too simple like a basic phone.Count me as another "new, accidental" user who previously gave little thought to WebOS, now a little disappointed that it's barely hanging on. I only picked up the Pixi+ because of my situation, and I thought it would just be neat to try something different for the time being. Wow, it has a neat and intuitive interface. While the phone obviously can't do what the DroidX does by way of features and apps, I really like the card-and-swipe UI (disclaimer: the Homebrew patches help to make it much better).I really like the launcher and icons (better than what I've seen on the iPhone). And I finally realize that I need a "real" keyboard. I had to correct almost every individual word on the touch-screen keyboard of my Android, which was probably the most frustrating thing of all for me (I realize some Android phones have keyboards). And I did try other keyboard apps.I never would have gotten the Pixi had my phone not broken because it looks a little cheap and ugly (to me) in the pictures. But now that I have it, the keyboard and form factor are great, other than maybe the smallish screen.There are a few things I can't get to work as I'd like. The AIM simply won't log in (it's probably outdated). The music skips a little too frequently due to the slow processor (even overclocked). And I can't get Navi to work for me. You're not going to get Google Sky Maps on here. But for the basics, some things are better than what I had on the DroidX (IMO). The email works way better (even Gmail). the notifications banners are really nice. I like the browser experience simply because of the swipe and bookmark list -- it's just easy. The calendar is nicer and works better. List/note apps and other things are more convenient. Everything is "right there" with no complications swiping apps open, closed, and between several running apps at once. YouMail is better. Deleting things like email, vmail messages, bookmarks, etc is all swipe-easy. Even my Gmail contacts seem to link better. With the Homebrew patches, this thing holds its own even on an old OS / phone. So even with an older phone and less features, I find that I really like it better overall.Lastly, the Pixi+ transitions seamlessly between Wifi and 3G. I've had no issues so far (after several weeks) unlike with my Android phone.It's too bad WebOS wasn't bought by a company that could support it, or at least incorporate it into its current ecosystem. But it is what it is.

The product was shipped fast, and it works great! I love the touch screen, I love the music app. I love the way i can download pictures onto my phone. Overall it's a great product.

Great customer service but I got screwed over. I am not able to use the phone at all because I don't have a Palm Account. since Palm no longer has services and you no longer have the ability to make a new one, I can't use the phone, AT ALL! I needed to get in contact with the person who use to own the phone and get his/her info be allowed to use the phone. I'm just upset that the owners were not aware of that.

Given that it was discontinued (and Palm basically only exists for tax purposes), I wasn't expecting much and therefore I am pleasantly surprised with the Palm Pixi Plus. I purchased this as a backup to my Droid X, which needed to be shipped in to my warranty provider to fix some issues. Initially, I was thinking I had made a mistake and wasted my money on this backup because it was extremely slow, has an extremely small screen, and a keyboard that is made for 13 year olds (aka people with really small fingers).However, after running the updater and settling into how webOS operates, it really isn't that bad of a phone and the keyboard/screen take some getting used to, but don't expect this to come even close to the experience provided by Android, iOS, or Windows phone (there's a reason Palm went under).Phone/Call Quality - 2/5 - I like the form factor as it really fits nice in the hand & pocket, but it weighs virtually nothing and has a terrible audio speaker (literally the worst I have ever heard on a cell phone from the past decade). Additionally, the "Silencer/Vibrate" button constantly slips down so basically I'll never be able to hear a ringtone or noise from it which is pretty annoying.webOS - 3/5 - for a virtually dead OS (it's open sourced), it runs decently and has some interesting ways of handling apps / gestures. However, I didn't realize this phone didn't get the webOS 2.0 update; therefore, it's two years old and less face it, outdated when compared to the current competitors. It still blows away any "feature/gimmick" phone that the major carriers offer and that alone makes it worth purchasing.Apps - 1/5 - Application support is minimal so don't expect to do much other than surf the web, check your Gmail, and maybe use a really cool Twitter app - that's all I've found literally. Google Maps has been replaced by HP/Bing and it's absolutely terrible, and all social networking apps outside of Twitter are terrible.Backup Potential - 5/5 - It's cheap, a smartphone with data connectivity, and some okay apps.Hey, for under $50 bucks, I can survive with this for a month or so and use it in case my primary phone breaks.

I like almost everything about this phone. I like having a smartphone that is inexpensive, small, has a physical keyboard, and can do all the important tasks like make calls, send texts and emails, and surf the internet. I don't care that much about processor speed, apps, etc. This phone costs almost nothing and does everything I need it to, on an OS that I think is better the iOS or Android (WebOS is very intuitive and easy to use and Apple copied a lot of ideas from it).The problem is that the quality of this phone is so bad. The cover starts peeling apart after a few months of normal, light use. I the touch screen stopped working. It made a weird wailing noise every time it received an incoming call (even with the ringer on silent). It's just a shame because I don't want to carry around a huge Android phone and I don't want to fork over a ridiculous premium for an iPhone. But after my second Palm Pixi falling apart, it's just not worth it to get another one. Too bad.

We got this phone for our granddaughter as a gift.  She picked it out herself because one of her friends already had one.  The verdict:  She loves it!  Thanks so much.

I've had this phone for little over a month now. No complaints except for the fact it randomly says I have too many cards even though I only have one open. Great phone for people who love blackberries, and new smartphone users. Plus, it's for a great price!! How can you pass that!?

I bought this phone because my LG EnV kept turning itself off and I didn't want to extend my contract with Verizon. I did a lot of research and read a lot of reviews before buying it and this one seemed to be the best choice for the price. If you will notice, most of the negative reviews about this phone are directed at the OEM shop and not the phone itself.I recived the phone and activated it on Verizon. Of course my bill went up by $30 a month and I was unhappy about that. I waited out the rest of my contract and as soon as it was up, I transferred all three of my lines from Verizon to PagePlus via Kittywireless. This process took me about 3 hours. The important thing to remember is not to transfer the parent line first (call Verizon and ask which line is the parent line). All of my phones ported over with absolutely no glitches! There are forms to fill out online for the porting process on Kittywireless and each port costs $15.Once the phones ported over I got e-mails saying that I was now a PagePlus customer. I was able to quickly set up the phones by following the instructions in the e-mail. Then I went to KittyWireless and put all of the phones on their TNT 1200 auto-pay plan. So each of the phones gets 100mb of data, 1200 minutes and 3000 texts (I ran reports on Verizon.com before switching to be sure this was enough to cover our usage of the phones). This costs me 29.95 per line. I was paying 180.00 a month for my phones on Verizon.So anyway... back to the Pixi. The data on this phone is super-easy to turn off. You tap on the phone icon, tap on the top left tab that says "Verizon Wireless", tap on preferences and then scroll down and turn data off. This way you aren't using data when you don't need to. I turn my data on once a day to get my MMS messages. And if that's not easy enough, there is an ap you can download (if you put preware on your phone) that toggles your data on and off. I haven't seen anything like this on an android phone.The phone connects to WiFi without a giltch. You tap on the right top corner, it shows a list of options, you click on wifi and tell it to connect. It will then ask for a password if your wifi is password connected. To save on battery, when you are out of range you can simply turn off wifi AND data.The battery on the phone can last two days. You just have to make sure to turn WiFi off when it's not in range because it expends a lot of battery power to search for available WiFi.E-mail sets up easily and if you are connected to 3g or to WiFi it pops up in the bottom part of your phone, you can click on it or slide it off and not see the notification.The gestures on the phone make it very easy to use. WebOS actually encourages people to develop apps so you can download all kinds of apps for free using preware. I did a youtube search on how to put preware on my phone and a 12 year old kid on the video explained the process easily enough! LOL!Pandora works well using the WiFi on this phone so I'm not using up all my data to stream music. The phone can do basic web searches and some videos without a problem.The touchstone charging dock and cover are kind of a nice addition. You just set your phone down and it charges. The phone charges rather quickly compared to androids too. The nicest part about it is that these items cost very little on Amazon. I also got a few covers for just 2 or 3 dollars.The phone is super slim and I like that a lot. I don't like carrying a brick in my pocket! It's light and small and you can barely notice it in your pocket. There's a silent button on the side of the phone that will put it on vibrate without going through dumb menus or unlocking the phone to try and get it to be silent during meetings and such.Now here are my gripes:I have small hands (wedding ring size 5) and it took me a while to get used to the small buttons for texting. There isn't an option for a touchscreen key-board so you are stuck with what you get. Now that I'm used to it, texting is just as quick as it was on the large keypad of my EnV. When I'm texting quckly, for some reason instead of an X, C or V sometimes it inserts a space. So saying live looks more like li e. That's annoying but if I slow down I can take care of it easily enough.Every once in a while no matter what I try to do with the phone I get a message "too many cards open". All I have to do is push the top power button while turning the volume down. This pops a menu up and gives me the option to restart the phone. After restarting, the phone doesn't give that annoying message anymore. It hasn't happened for about five months now though.The phone can get glitchy if you have too many things going at once. Like if you are looking at email and running pandora in the back ground and texting it can get slow. Re-starting it the same way I described earlier is helpful and so is cutting down on mulit-tasking.Taking the cover off is a pain in the behind. I always feel like I'm going to break the back cover but I haven't yet.Another downside is the fact that there really isn't any new software being developed for the phone. You can get angry-birds and certain games or books on the phone but you aren't going to be the coolest kid on the block with the newest apps.Overall this phone has helped me save a lot of money. It's capable of doing some things that basic phones can't do. It's still pretty cool but not top of the line which is perfect for me because 100 mb of data can last me a whole month. KittyWireless' coverage has been the exact same as what I had with Verizon. If the TNT 1200 plan isn't enough I can always upgrade to unlimited for $40 or $55. Heck... I want to buy a couple more just to have for back-ups at this price!!**Update: I've had this phone for a year now and I've gone through 3 back covers for it. Two touchstone covers as well as the original cover. They start peeling apart where the power button is and I can't stand it so I mess with it and the rubber part comes off the back. Also the little magnetic strip for the battery cover falls off quite easily. I just ordered my fourth back cover from Amazon for 4.35 so at least they are cheap.

I bought this for my daughter as a replacement fore her broken phone. She likes the item so much and it is a fresh from the box item.

Really bad phone. Not easy to use. The worst phone ever. Also very old, couldn't even download whastapp. Get another one

alot of people told me that this wasnt a good phone after i bought it.  it hasnt been too bad, but i had to buy an ear piece because it will sometimes work s if there is an earpiece plugged in.  the only other option is to keep it on speaker phone.  other than that annoying issue its a good phone

Absolutely great cell phone, good looking great easy front look, but lockedsecurely in the back, so Welcome to Verizon, another unlocked but lockedcell phone.  I sent this one back right away, hated too, but did. and receivedmy refund within a few days.  Amazon is not at fault.  They purchase these fromVerizon and Verizon says they are unlocked and they are not.Trust Amazon they will always refund your money if you are not satisfied.  Ihated returning this nice product but I could not use it.Did not think about Geeks or Teenagers for unlocking same.

If your looking for a phone to replace your IPhone or your latest Android phone, keep looking. I have seen dumb phones go for twice the price then I paid, and they can't do half the stuff. Verizon will add a data plan in addition to your regular plan if you are upgrading from a dumb phone. This phone seem to know how to sync up with your email accounts and is very easy to learn to operate. The availability of apps could be improved but this isn't the latest phone available by Palm, and will probably slow down some if you install a bunch of apps anyway. The quality seems to be fine so far, but I don't try and abuse my phones either. bottom line, if your looking for a good phone at a good price you wont go wrong, if you're looking for the best phone out there period, buy something else. This just seems to be the best value in my opinion.

Bought this to replace my ridiculously slow blackberry. It is a great little phone the webOS operating system is fast and easy to pick up. The battery life is also impressive (I'll get at least 2 days out of moderate to heavy use). My only complaint is the small app selection but what can you expect from a dying brand. However, I will say the best part about this phone is it acts as a wifi hotspot which has proven to be unbelievably helpful and entertaining.

Fast shipping. Well packaged. New and works great. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a slim style and has skinny fingers bc the buttons r small but worth it.

i had to order a battery for it, all in all its a decent phone. i didn't realize it was so out of date most of the apps cant be updated

The biggest issues are that its battery life isn't very good and without rooting it, the phone is tremendously slow. Luckily installing the preware and enableing compcache makes it so that your phone is much much faster. The next biggest issue is that verizon sort of crippled the GPS, which is pure retardation on their part. Again hacking helps with this too.But this is one of the best phones I've ever owned in terms of usability and functionality. In my opinion it beats out the android phones and the iphone in this respect. Especially for multitasking. At this price its a steal.

Purchased this phone after I saw my friend had it. Great Phone quick, solid construction, good keyboard. I wish they were still developing the webos though.

The phone is very average kind of a smart phone with training wheels. I bought the phone because I needed a temporary phone between upgrades ( when my old one went swimming.) It does its job, phone calls are clear and I have access to facebook/internet. The apps are awful, no angry birds :/ but I'd keep it as a back up/ party phone.

For a Pre paid I wasn't expecting to have to have a data package. I returned the phone because that wasn't stated in the description and I dindntvwant data

Got my product in two days, it was exactly as described.  Great service.  Thanks so much.  I would definitely be back for more purchases.

Why did i receive a sprint phone this phone is useless to me i ask for a refund. I now have to pay 35.00 to flash it witch is almost what i payed for the phone.

Was difficult to operate and to small, was unable to download apps my son wanted. And every time I was looking for an app games or dictionary for example raunchy apps would come up and I didn't want my children exposed to that

What a joke.  Waste of time.  Speaker is broken.  Voices sound robotic. Doesn't take a Verizon SIM card.  No place for it at all.  Waste of energy and money. Kids can't even play with it.

IS This Phone Unlocked? I want to  know if its Unlocked or not before i buy it because it doesn't state in the description but its in the unlocked category but I want to make sure its unlocked!

I loved this phone at first, worked great and a good deal for the price. Then it stopped working and still is not working. Won't let me listen to anything on the phone, I can only hear calls if there on speaker phone. This SUCKS!! Otherwise, everything works great.

I love my phone. I use it with Page Plus. I use the my data plan outside of home and wifi when I'm home. I can't keep teenage twins hands off of it. Still learning to use it. Great phone. My only draw back sometime I get a echo when I'm talking. Great price as well. The seller said NEW PHONE and thats what I recieved. Was not hard at all to transfer number or Page Plus service to this phone.

Bought this phone to replace a BlackBerry for my daughter.  She loves this little phone.  It has great features and is an excellent buy at the price.  Using it with PagePlus Cellular is a great combo.

I feel like a fool for not discovering this deal earlier. I have been struggling with a barely-working smartphone for months. Though I'm eligible for an upgrade, I've been holding out for continually delayed releases of LTE4G phones, or maybe the new iphone. I didn't want to upgrade to an old-tech 3G phone that I would be stuck with for two years. My old phone was so bad, I began looking at used droids, but then I stumbled on a blog comment claiming you could buy a new palm pixi online with no contract for less than $60! I was very skeptical but decided to check it out.IT'S TRUE! I ordered a pixi for about $52 including shipping and it was brand new still sealed in the box. I had a little trouble activating it so I called Verizon, who walked me through the activation process step by step. Then I noticed the pixi couldn't sync with my data on Microsoft Exchange so I called the Palm help line. An extremely knowledgeable young woman spent about an hour on a landline phone helping me load my calendar and contacts onto the pixi and giving me a tutorial on the most useful and impressive features of my new phone. I have never had such thorough customer suppport for any product from any company--ever!Now to the phone itself. I wasn't expecting much at this price, but I was and continue to be in total awe of this phone and its operating system. To be fair, I am moving to webOS from Windows Mobile, which wins my vote for the worst OS in history. Anything would have been a vast improvement. But I also have some experience with iOS because my mom got an iphone that I had to learn how to use so I could teach her. WebOS is similar to iOS, but arguably better in its approach to multi-tasking.I was surprised at how the small screen and small keyboard don't seem to bother me, though I must admit, I don't have the biggest fingers around. The keyboard seems to know which key you mean to press when your fingers accidentally press two keys at once. The screen is smaller than my old phone but the better resolution makes up for it.The only negatives I've encountered are the signal strength, which isn't as good in my office as my old phone had, and Palm's PDF viewer, which doesn't work for about half the PDFs I've tried. I'm going to call Palm to try to resolve those problems. In areas where the pixi struggles to pick up a signal, the battery drains quickly. So I ordered a couple of spare chargers, including the incredibly cool touchstone inductive charger. You can order a touchstone and the special battery cover for less than $25 total.I originally got this phone to hold me over for a few months till Verizon's new phone offerings are released, but now I'm thinking it's such a great phone, I can wait for the second-generation LTE phones when they arrive next year!

I haven't had any issues with this phone in the couple of weeks that I've had it. I don't think you could really find a better deal for this price. I like the features, and the keyboard works great for me.The battery life isn't great, and I sometimes have to charge my phone at my work desk if I forget to plug it in at night. Also, the vibrate function isn't very strong, so if you rely on vibrate at work or something this might not be the best choice for you.

This phone is garbage, I'm sorry it just is I came from the env3 to this phone, I have only had this phone around 2 months and in that time I have had to factory reset it 4 times because it just locks up, its worth it to spend the extra money to get something of a higher caliber, yeah it has decent memory size but the palm makes me miss my env3, don't get me wrong its very decent for the free with 2 yr service, and the 5gig data is nice,........but all in all I really wish I could change to another phone right now, as a  windows phone I await the blue screen of death, and won't be surprised a bit if it comes.

This phone is amazing!!! Videos stream lightning fast and web browsing is great!! I give this phone a 4/5, because the touchscreen is just as good as an iPhone4S, it's super thin and small (so there is no bulk at all,) it is cute and can be a business phone to a teenager phone... you can buy backs that are different colors (I have a pink one.) I love it so much!!! It never drops calls or shuts off, has great battery life, and the camera is OK... out of a 5, i would give the camera a 3 1/2. The apps aren't amazing... there is angry birds and great organizing apps, but the other games freeze and look messy and they just aren't fun... because it is Web OS, which means it is mainly for surfing the web. If you would use this as a business phone... you wouldn't have to worry about these 2 cons...Just a reminder______________________________________________________Get straight talk!! You can get any Straight talk, AT&T;, or T mobile phone, buy a straight talk sym card, put it in, and... WALLAH!!! There you have your favorite phone on a cheap plan that is only $45 a month!!! I have straight talk and it is amazing!!!! Great service!!!

when looking to verizon to fix my palm, it wasn't an option. I came across this deal and jumped on it. The phone is perfect and have recommended it to numerous other people.

If you have confidence in your googling abilities, then there is no reason not to pick this phone up and use it without phone service, assuming you have wifi (in home, office, or via tethering).  Many forums (precentral.net comes to mind) have directions on how to bypass the activation steps, which provides you with access to the App Catalog as well as the divine homebrew applications.  About the only thing I can't do on this phone is make calls, but even that may be changing as homebrewers are already testing VOIP apps.  For about $55, this deal really can't be beat.

I purchased two of these phones while Verizon was still offering the Unlimited Data packages a few weeks ago.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received them.  Despite the fact that I have HUGE hands and thumbs.. I quickly overcame the size of the keyboard and was able to tap out texts as fast as I can now on my Droid.  The touchscreen was very impressive and responsive, as was the gesture bar.  While holding in one hand.. every operation was very accessible with that one hand.  The only item that I feel has a learning curve is the Palm OS.  I have not had a Palm since the VII days, so it took me a day or two of thoroughly exploring and researching the features to get the hang of it.  The phone itself is VERY solid feeling, and satisfying to use and hold.I suggest you immediately turn on "Developer Mode" and install "Preware".  Google the instructions.... this allows you to customize darn near every aspect of the phone to your liking, including on screen information, and change system behaviors as well, including OVERCLOCKING the already 600 Mhz processor.  Thank you to HP for allowing this access to this device, if only every manufacturer would be so open to us controlling our own devices.The ONLY downfall... is if you compare the Palm app store to the beefier Android and Apple stores... there's not TOO much of a selection, but definitely enough to please the average user.  This utilizes .jar files for games and apps, so don't expect a whole lot of detailed 3D games to appear on it.EXCELLENT buy.. even at the price I paid, $48.  My Mom and Brother now have these only  because I upgraded to a Droid... but I think I may pick up another of these for a spare.

For the size and functionality, this phone is absolutely amazing.You can have free tethering (hot spot) with Verizon on this phone, and it's the ONLY one you can do that with.It's not a standard operating system, so some apps won't work on it.Still, for the lightness of it, great product.

I don't know what else to say but I'm happy :)I paid for NEW and I received NEW!Phone tested and worked perfect.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PURCHASE FROM OEM SELLER.PROS:-NEW DEVICE for $36 and NO CONTRACT-3G connectivity-PERFECT BACKUP SMARTPHONE-ORIGINAL PACKAGING-CALL QUALITY IS CRYSTAL CLEAR AND PRETTY LOUDCONS:-NO SDCARD SLOT.-8GB INTERNAL MEMORY (I KNEW THAT WHEN I BOUGHT IT)

The phone is a decent basic phone but I cannot get any apps to download. There is absolutely zero tech-support for palm phones so I can't get any help either. Very frustrating.

Had one few years ago , lost my iPhone thought I'd get another one of these & it arrived new & the next day, however did the update as soon as I activated it & it will not let me download anything says installation failed no matter what wifi or 3G

I highly recommend the Palm Pixi Plus. From the moment I first started using it I have found it to be quite a leap from my last phone. I was surprised that it came with GPS or at least google maps knows exactly where I am without me telling it and how to direct me to my desired destination. Internet access is intuitive. The extremely small text is crystal clear so even if you have bad eyes, you can read it. The only things I dislike about my phone are viewing text message history, phone call history, and making a call. It's ok but it is just a little confusing and takes a few steps. Everything good about the phone outweighs the complaints. I originally wanted to get an Iphone. Unfortunately the price was 20 X as expensive... lucky for me, the palm pixi came with everything that I wanted in the Iphone.

I am writing this review just after purchasing my second palm pixi (for my daughter) and am thinking quite seriously about a 3rd & 4th.  It is a terrific phone for what I paid: $36 from the OEM shop (notated as there are several different marketplace sellers).  My experience was very good, phone arrived fast, and new (other reviewers commented on having trouble activating used phones).  The package included a wall charger and usb charger.I'd like to thank many reviewers who pointed to pageplus!  what a fantastic deal, and very nice people too.  Regards activation, it took a bit more time as the msin # was not on the box and had to be retrieved from inside the phone, under the battery (not a huge issue, just took a bit of extra time).  I will also note that the 12 cents left after activation is *before you put any money in*.  After activation I had just over 100 minutes, ample time to check the phone/ service/ coverage; all very good.Back to the phone itself: as one with many (too many) cell phones... mostly from bad experience; poor service/ coverage etc  I would compare this favorably to every other phone I have bought in this price range (e.g. the lg620gLG 620G Prepaid Phone (Net10)which is an adequate phone, but nowhere near as nice or fully featured as this phone.  I would also compare it favorably to the motorola razor (not a very smart or solid phone) as well as several basic Nokias.  The pixi is an early  smart phone (as in pre-android).  It has PDA features (contacts, task list) implemented as cards (basically ap icons) an MP3 & video player, which unlike on some other phones/ services, you can add your own music to my dragging & dropping.  It also has a button to connect to Amazon's MP3 store.  The phone has "synchrony" to  connect to google, MS outlook and palm's website, which brings me to one important feature I *really dislike* : Your info will be stored on Palm's server.  I personally hate the intrusion on privacy and am hoping for legislation to contain it. But, this is something you should know.  It will limit how I use my phone! There are friends who also value their privacy... I can not will not put them in my contact list, so that cripples the phone somewhat for me.  I also will not use an organizer function which posts my appointments to any web site.  I am a psychologist, (there are real ethical issues here). I am hoping this is not a trend.  If it is, I will be buying up last gen phones rather than succumb to the intrusion.The phone also has a web browser (verizon's implementation) email connects, as well as popular social networking sites.My complaints with this phone are few and mostly related to Verizon; the documentation is minimal at best (e.g. to transfer music, drag & drop... it does not say where.  I put different songs in the phone window, and created a music folder within it, both were picked up by the MP3 player).  I have not yet figured out if I can create ringtones on it, but know, at least that I can import them (some phones block this, forcing you to buy from the service).  The user guide has more information on how to use gestures, unique to this platform, than other aps. or even the physical phone (when I needed to remove the battery to activate, there was no info on how to open the phone...) It was fairly simple, and info available out on the web, but why was it not included in the user manual?  It seems the manuals (3 included) are more about disclainmers & safety warnings (don't listen to your music too loud, throw your battery in a  fire: good one, submerge in water... so it is a process of discovery, finding out what all of the features are.  It is not a complicated phone to figure out or use, but reasonable documentation is nice.  Some of us *do* read the manual ;)In brief: This is a great phone for what it is currently selling for.  You can use it as a prepaid phone on cdma networks. It is a smart (not android) phone with PDA functions, a browser, MP3 and video player, a camera (which I forgot to mention earlier) which also shoots video (not very high quality, but then none of them are) and some features which can make set up etc easier for some as it uses synchronicity to pull down your contacts, to do lists... from other sites (if you give it permission).  It also has aps and google maps on board (you have to enable google snoop to use them).cons:Poor documantation/ user manuals, no memory expansion (but a good amount on board), have to agree to Palm's terms of use which will pick up information you enter. (Note: other "features" require giving permission to various services, but those can be denied, Palm's can not).  I personally do not like being tracked or having my personal info distributed, sold... and will always opt-out.  Fortunately most of these decisions are put in your hands (so you can opt to use google maps if you permit google, e.g.  I have several of these features turned off or crippled on my phone, but still think it is a terrific phone for what it costs; best I have found so far.

Nice phone, The OEM Shop stinks!This item advertised as new was not in manufacturers packaging, also included no manuals. Entered ##786# to find out if phone is truly new as-advertised. It is not, it's a refurb that I could have gotten cheaper elsewhere. I ordered the Palm Pixi Plus and the Stereo Headphones together but didn't receive headphones, emailed The OEM Shop, 5 days later. no response. Called their listed # 718-362-2255 and it's out of service. Just noticed that only one speaker is working. You get what you pay for but I paid for new. I think I lost $55 here as I'm afraid to return and wind up losing all I have to show for this deal which is the refurbed semi-functional phone. Given the ethics of The OEM Shop I wonder if should worry about having my identity stolen when using this device.Nice phone, The OEM Shop stinks!Enter ##786# to check if your "new" phone is refurbed.

great item and a great value perfect for somebody who never had a smartphone just a pain to import contacts and has to be restarted like once a week

I've had this phone for about a year now, and I've had to replace the back cover twice. The battery is okay as long as I don't use it all day like some people use their phones. There's not a whole lot wrong with the phone, but mine is really rather touchy, and sometimes the speakers don't work. I'm not sure if it's due to just normal wear or if there is something wrong with the phone. But anyways, I guess it's just because of the issues I've had with mine, but I wouldn't buy this phone again. I regret replacing my KIN 2 with the Palm. I called mine Pam for the longest time because the letter l on the back fell off.It's a good phone, really it is. I just don't recommend it for heavy useage.

I gave this phone as a gift and it COULD NOT BE registered to even began using! Meaning even though it was wrapped and sold as NEW that it was NOT! That means that OEM lied about their product from the beginning! And it is made with FAULTY parts, the number 6 would NOT work. I saw that the OEM has a 7 day return policy but they refused to reimburse me despite their CLEARLY FAULTY product. Stay away. OEM products are apparently worthless and the company is not trust worthy.

My husband does not think that it is user friendly.  He has difficulty ending calls.  It is a nice size and worth the price.

I have very limited need for a cell phone and was using a Palm Centro.  I wanted an upgrade and this phone seemed like just the thing.  I was floored by the complexity of manipulating the screen.  Then, when I downloaded the user guide I realized it cannot sync with Palm OS on my desktop.  Moreover, the one application I need, Epocrates, is not compatible with the Pixi.  Fortunately I didn't waste a lot of money on it.  I reactivated my Centro.

I love this phone.  It was easy to set up and use.  It has a excellant sound quality.  If I had one complaint, it would be that the ringer is not really loud, even though I turned the volume up loud.  It may be that it's just in my pocketbook and hard to hear.  I am thrilled with the phone, and am going to purchase another one for my parents.

i bought this little phone  a while back and its still working just like the day i bought it  i love it and the seller shipped it out to me really fast i would buy from this seller again in the future thanks again for your bussiness

The price was extremely reasonable & the phone is good for what we wanted.  It's just a bit difficult to navigate but definitely a good phone.

Got this for 16 year old with Page Plus and no data plan. Used Kitty Wireless to activate even though they charge - got some help from the discussion boards on how to activate with no data and not get charged for data. It's not a mini-computer but fine for using the internet with wifi, calls, texting. Have had a couple bugs that were solved when googled.

This phone works great when it responds other that I have no other problems with it...I have gotten this phone as a temporary replacement and its has been my best replacement phone so farI recommend this JUST as a temporary phone until other wise

I recieved my NEW Palm pixi plus new in box! it is GRRREAT! this was a brand new phone for Verizon Wireless no contract required ( i am currently in the middle of my verizon contract and really cant stand the LG Ally that i had). arrived right on time and i am very pleased with this phone thus far (only had it a few days) took it into the verizon store and was activated in no time! so thrilled with Pavillion electronics! Thank You!

This phone sucks, don't buy it.  I bought it because it was cheap and tried hard to ignore how much it sucked when I got it.  Then it just stopped working one day, and the pain was finally over.

The phone I bought was sold through BlueTek USA. It looked used. The back cover was dirty, not in plastic, had greasy smudges on it from fingers, and the part above the USB port was broken.Now on to the phone review:The initial boot-up took a few minutes which is ypical of most smartphones, especially old ones with slow processors. Once it booted up, I was prompted to activate the phone with Verizon Wireless. I shut the phone off, went to my account page on Verizon's website, activated the phone, then started over again.After activation, I was prompted to create a Palm account. The first thing I noticed was how cramped and sludgy feeling, yet clicky the keyboard is. The second thing I noticed was how slow this thing is. But I wasn't expecting much from a smartphone with a 600mhz processor. Seriously though, when I tried to change my ringtone, it took 5-10 seconds for the phone to gather and display the ringtones. "Seconds" doesn't usually indicate a long time, but compare it to any smartphone released in the past year and it'll seem slow.Once initial setup was completed, a walkthrough began to play which demonstrated how to use the phone's gestures. What looks like dead space/useless bezel between the keyboard and the screen is actually a touch panel for back, forward, and up gestures which feeds back with a soothing, glowing strip of light.Web OS is pretty nice though. I like the way multitasking works and it's fairly simple to use with little learning curve. If you want to search for an installed app, search the web, or search for an address or business, just start typing and a card will appear which lets you choose Google, Google Maps, Wikipedia or Twitter. Adding custom ringtones and wallpapers is refreshingly easy; Similar to Android devices, you can plug the phone in, choose "USB Storage" and just drag your wallpaper images into the "Wallpapers" folder, and ringtones and notification sounds into the "Ringtones" folder.Overall, the phone looks cute and fits nicely in the pocket. The soft back cover is nice (I prefer soft touch to glossy plastic or even glass). It's a functional device that will provide you with entertainment, information and communication on the go. There is an app store and some widely used apps are available (Evernote, Pandora, Accuweather, a Twitter app, Facebook, Angry Birds, etc). And even though pretty much every smartphone has it, the mobile hotspot functionality comes in handy (if you pay for it).Despite it's crappy 2MP camera, fixed 8GB of storage (that's right, no MicroSD card slot) tiny, low quality screen (but at least it's glass and capacitive) and tiny keys, it's worth buying since it's only $40 off-contract here on Amazon. If HP didn't give up on WebOS and Palm devices, it would probably cost at least $250. So, it's not a bad deal. The only reason I bought it was for the price. I sold my iPhone 4 months ago and have been using a basic cell phone. I missed having an mp3 player, map, camera, casual game player and web browser on me. I'm not eligible for an upgrade for another year, I can't spend $500+ on a new phone at full retail, and I'm sick of sketchy Craigslist sales and used phones with scratched displays, caked up skin flakes and dirt in the crevices, and lingering cologne/perfume odors. Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised with WebOS. But the OS and the device itself are lacking - A LOT - and if there was a faster, better WebOS phone available for a typical smartphone retail price, I wouldn't buy it.Most people replace their smartphones within a year or two, so the fact that HP gave up on WebOS isn't that big of a deal. Just don't expect a ton of updates and support. The phone has 3-4 year old hardware anyway. If you're in a similar situation as I am (i.e., too poor to buy a new phone off contract, but not too poor to pay your share of a family account) or want a pre-paid phone, it's not a bad purchase. I could also see this being useful for someone who has an expensive smartphone but wants a second device when there may be a risk of losing or damaging their good phone.Too bad I couldn't get a Touchpad when the liquidation happened. That would have been nice. It's cool how they transfer links and other data. I ordered one from OnSale through Amazon. They took way more orders than they could fill and cancelled a ton of them after holding everyone's money for a few days. That sucked.

Let me start by saying that I am an avid Android user and owner of a rooted Droid X on Verizon (Shuji ROM 2.0). I decided to get the Pixi since I had always seen WebOS as a great smartphone OS undeservedly overshadowed by Palm (and subsequently HP's) odd hardware design decisions. After hearing about HP's decision to abandon smartphone hardware development, I couldn't refuse the opportunity to pick one of these up at such a low price. I figured it could at least serve as a backup phone without extending my contract should my Droid ever decide to malfunction.One week later and I am floored by the fluid, no-hassle design of WebOS, the respectable battery life (it will easily get me through a day with what I subjectively consider to be heavy usage with no less than 20% charge left), the excellent hardware keyboard, and the crystal-clear call quality. Is it a Droid X? No. That's comparing apples to oranges. Is it a great smartphone? Yes.This isn't meant to be a comprehensive review - I'll leave that to the e-blogs and websites - but those who want to write off WebOS without giving it the hardware platform it deserves to shine and capture a wider audience should reconsider. This is not a device of mass appeal; however, if you're a bargain hunter who loves insane deals and is in search of a smartphone that doesn't have to be cutting edge, I believe you will be not be disappointed with the Pixi Plus.

This is a great product, and it is at an excellent price. It sure beats many smartphones I've had in the past, although it does lack some applications other phones do have, but I haven't played around with it too much.My experience at first was a bit strange, my phone came with Spanish activated by default, so I had to go to the Verizon store for them to reset it somehow, and then let me select English, but it was all right...I LOVE this device. It's so much better than the last smartphone I've had.I'm in love with this.The google apps sync is just amazing, I do everything with google apps.I highly recommend this if you are looking for an affordable no-contract smartphone. In this case I ended up buying it because my Blackberry Storm had died. It was well worth it for a replacement. I love it.I've had android tablets, and I really find this one easier to use... but again, I've only used older Android tablets.I love it.

This phone was EXACTLY what I was looking for.  My children needed a first phone and this was a great choice for them.  The only drawback was the activation process.  It took a while for Verizon to activate it due to the profiles that must be established first. Other than that, perfect choice!

Im running my own IT company so I consider my self tech savy .I did root few phones and tablets before so I have some experience in that field too.This phone seemed like excellent deal but before warranty expired phone started to shutting down randomly so I sent it out for repair to hp(they own palm now).Oh I wish I never did.They sent me replacement phone that I was never able to activate .Its getting stuck at update screen .No help from hp whatsoever except offer that they will fix it for $245.Yes you reading it right.$245 for repairing $45 phone that they messed up.Thats outrage.I want everybody know how hp conduct their bussines.

This is a minimum viable smartphone toy --- for 2009.Things I love:1. Contact integration and auto-updating. If any of my LinkedIn or Facebook contacts changes their information, this phone's address book will be updated automatically.  If I edit a contact on the phone or in my GMail address book, the change appears in the other place and vice versa.  Same with my appointments, synchronized with Google Calendar.2. Not having to buy a data plan. Over the past year, I've bought this phone twice and used the Page Plus Cellular $80 refills to get $0.04 minute and SMS rates with the Verizon network, and all in, it has been $400 (including equipment, activation, and airtime). If the equipment holds up, I'm looking at about $300 next year.  I don't use mobile data or roaming.3. Battery life without a data plan is excellent. I have the Wi-Fi (Wi-Fi Prefs -> menu -> Sleep Settings) turn off when the phone is sleeping (locked), and I can go almost a week without charging if I'm not reading too much e-mail on the device.4. Case can survive minor splashes.5. I can listen to streaming NPR.Things I find frustrating:Slow performance opening e-mail: it takes 7-10 seconds to open the list of messages, and 3-5 seconds more to display the body of very simple messages.  When checking e-mail, it downloads all headers and then all bodies, consuming more data (and time) than an Android GMail app, which only downloads bodies on an as-needed or background basis.  If you try to delete e-mail while messages are coming in, you can sometimes delete the wrong message.  If you delete a message whose headers but not body have been received, the message will appear again after the body is received.Slow graphics transitions: when I answer the phone, it takes at least 3 seconds before I can see the buttons to put the call on speakerphone or mute.  Sometimes, it's not clear that the speakerphone button has registered my tap, and I tap again. Contrast almost every Blackberry, with a dedicated key, allowing the switch to occur in a fraction of a second.Camera is extremely slow.  It can take as much as 10 seconds to open and show a gray image before the app is ready to let you take a picture.Web browser runs out of memory on moderately complex pages.Minor user interface problems: in typing a text message, the "send" button is at the end of the line. This makes it difficult to reposition the cursor there if you jump back to edit something and then want to resume at the end, because you could accidentally hit the send button.  (On the iPhone, the send button is away from the text. That couldn't be covered by a patent, could it?)When you set an alarm for a given time, if your phone has locked when the alarm rings, you need to unlock the phone in order to dismiss the alarm notification --- which can take a while if you have a security code.  Once you have snoozed an alarm, there is no way to cancel that.Palm profile backup/restore needs cellular data and does not work over Wi-Fi.When mobile data is enabled, the phone is particularly data-hungry: 300 MB in one night, for no apparent reason.Why I bought a second phone (both from UnlockedCellPhoneKings): the screen cracked once when I dropped the first. And then, I found the keyboard was completely useless! I couldn't even connect a USB cable to copy any photos I had taken and then scrub the phone, because you need to confirm that you want to use the phone in USB mode via an on-screen button!  The manual provides the following key-combination to reset and erase the phone, though: power-opt-sym.All in all, this phone let me try out a prepaid wireless plan.  I like the plan, and at some point, I will come to my senses and try to activate a mainstream phone with my prepaid plan.Update (mid 2013): I am much happier with a Samsung Fascinate. The biggest drawback is the lack of a physical keyboard. A Droid 3 I tried had a very flaky keyboard.

I absolutely love this phone! As technology progresses forward, I find myself staying in place..at least when it comes to this phone. It is everything you need all in one. First it has the touch screen which works impeccably. Second it has a separate querty keyboard for the ease of entering the information you need manually which is great for me ( I have an iPod Touch and the touch keypad is VERY sensitive and if I'm not watching what I'm doing I'm liable to enter something completely wrong ). Third it has a great music player in which all if your songs can be entered with ease directly from your computer. Fourth it has the FREE mobile hotspot which comes in very handy if you find yourself with your laptop and no Internet available. I can go on and on (great apps too) but the final line is that if you are looking for a phone with it all, you have definately found it. This is one purchase I will never regret! Truthfully, it is so great that I ordered 2 in case something happens to the first one! 5 stars for the Palm Pixi Plus!!!!

It sort of worked the first week and then the next week sporadically and then, nothing. I went online to Webos to try to figure out what was wrong. I worked through the 5 T's and nothing worked. I tried calling the manufacturer and left messages. I called Promobilegear.com and emailed them to no avail. I went through Amazon finally to request a return and still have heard nothing. I was told by Verizon that it is a five year old phone because they stopped making them back then. All I want is a phone that works for more than two years. I buy protective coatings and cases for the phone and still it does not last.

I love/loved this phone. Colors and clarity are amazing! Keyboard is small but you will instantly adapt the more you use it. Touch screen was sensitive, but once again the more you utilize this device, the easier to control. Music/sounds were crystal clear. This is no Android or Iphone, but one of the best lower/cheaper smartphones on the market. I still own but do not use it because the data plan was too much for me (with verizon). I would recommend this to anyone.

This is the most phone for the money. I moved from Treo to this since my Treo is long in the tooth now. It is not compatible with Palm Desktop. This is not as bad as it sounds. I did have to export my contacts to gmail and synch my contacts that way. This works better as I can be anywhere and update my contacts. I did pay the $5/month extra for data service with Cricket but I realize that I can synch my contacts, web browse, and get email over WiFi so I am thinking of cancelling. Two things that need getting used to: I use memo a lot. To move character by character you have to press and hold down the solid white button that is normally used for numbers and swipe right or left. That moves things character by character. The other is that name lookup in Contacts and for dialing doesn't work like the old Palm Treo did. The speed dial function helps a bunch for this. Just go to contact, select the one desired, open the menu and choose add to speed dial. Finally, a little getting used to for navigation mostly to touch from actual keys. I am still fumble fingering some but getting better.On my wish list is a more utilitarian call log. I don't care about the eye candy, persons photo, etc. I want a compact list with date time stamp. Currently not available as far as I can tell.-- IV

i have had this phone for 8 months and just received my warranty backup (it stopped taking calls) and as a business owner that relies on emails I have learned to always send copy of the message from a reliable source as well. I always include an apology if they received the mail already from the phone because more than likely they haven't. Saving $15 a month on data plans has not been worth it. I look forward to my contract ending and seeing how many times I can skip this across the lake.

So i was looking for a good small cheap smart phone to use that had wifi, and some pep told me about the palm pixi plus, and i use pageplus its cheap so i got a link to amazon from a friend,n where i see the price for it was 37$ free sh i was like wow nice, but why so cheep? thought maybe used or something or they suck, but o well bought 2 of them one for me and my mom , got them n they where new in box, never used, we got service on them with pageplus  and i love it facebook  and all full web and 2mp with falsh n more,  all for 37$ battery life is good. cant beat that price for a smart phone, atttt alllll , so if your looking for a good cheap smart phone or a back up get it,PS; I had to wait a month to do this review to see if there where any problems with the cell and battery life and more, but nope still works great.

It was something I needed, The screen and keys are too small, but will do.  Difficult to use at times.

its a phone that is extremly basic !its a okay overall phone , however for a daily used phone especially when your consistently trying to text or call people its horrible! a lot of things other reviews dont tell you are ;Con: Keyboard is way TOO small. Apps suck ( you have to keep downloading and redownloading the same app for it to keep working. Plus no variety of free apps as does android and other smartphones) Doesnt have memory card slot. doesnt have backup assistant. slow internet and 3g sucks. mobile hotspot turns off by itself . touch screen is always spazy.overall a basic but complicated phone.Pros: small phone easy to carry . simple to use ( depending whom you are )

This product was great! It came in its complete packaging including the original box, manuals, guides, charger, cables, and the device itself. The device was spotless. And the product came at a great price of only $36.00. The only problem I had was that Palm no longer supports any of the devices, so software wise your going to have to compromise. The app store is limited and the device can be slow at times. The controls took some time getting used to as well. Other than that, this functions as a great starter smartphone. Doing everything an Iphone can do - minus the speed, camera, and apps.

the phone came in brand new condition, came with charger, battery, everything that you would get as if it were straight from the verizon store and quick shipping. also i love the phone it took me about a half hour to figure everything out but i love it and you will too

it is a slick phone, but you will have to buy the data plan costing $45/month, even if you don't need it.

I am very pleased with the Palm Pixi Plus I acquired on Amazon.  In fairness, I do however feel the return policy should be based on the date I receive an item and not on the date I purchased it.

very good reception, just wish didn't have to get the data plan, but the phone is very functionable and good sound and easy to navigate

this is supposed to be prepaid, but to get it activated you have to pay $80.00 a month for the data plan.so this phone is not a good phone for prepaid.to me its worthless.

First off i want to say that 60$ for this phone brand new is a absolute steal! The phone's internet is fairly fast. Nice responsive touch screen. Lots of widgets and apps. If your use to a blackberry curve 8530/8520 you will love this phone! It takes a little time to get use to the keyboard.. but , once you get the hang of it its great! The mobile hot-spot app is a great addition , i bring my laptop everywhere now! I would defiantly recommend to anyone who likes Blackberrys. But anyone with larger fingers than normal probably wont like the keyboard. But for 60$ heck you could turn around and sell it for more if you don't like it!

I'd recommend this if you ran your iPhone through the laundry before its contract is up and can't afford a new one one and really just needed a phone.With the keyboard and the touchscreen, it's sort of trying to be a Blackberry and an iPhone at the same time butis too physically small to pull that off successfully.WebOS is basically abandonware now, so don't expect much in the app department. You might as well use the Verizon App Store. (ha ha ha)The interface is rather confusing (basically, swipe right to left as many times as you have to to get out of wherever you were, then throw away all the open windows toward the top of the screen, then click the Home button to start over)and it is not that good at automatically saving contacts or calling numbers from websites.Can't help comparing everything about it to an iPhone, to which it doesn't come close- but then again it costs a tenth as much, so what did you expect? It's a cellphone, it works fine, it costs $42 with free shipping, there it is.

The phone has slow startup and shut down and a few other features I find mildly annoying, but overall, it's a great price for all the features.  I also needed it fast since my other phone service was coming to an end and I had it within 24 hours of ordering it.  I use it on pageplus as well, see other reviews for instructions.  I had no trouble porting my number from TracFone.

It's a good phone I bought it like last month and it was for 60 bucks, now it's for 50!!! wow i feel ripped off lol! It's a good phone, but I have pageplus lol I activated it with pageplus, thing it if you plan on buying minutes, wrong idea, i tried that and boom! It ate them all up. I bought 400 minutes and they were gone on two weeks and I didnt even use them! But I got unlimited text.This phone is only for unlimited on pageplus for 45 a month so it's all good. Still though... lol since it's a smart phone and the internet is always updating and stuff it uses up your minutes to do so.It's an okay phone, just when I dont have money I'll just have unlimited text for 20 bucks with no calls... I have that right now actually lol I'll buy unlimited when that expires XD!^ that up there was my first review. Now I'm here in 3/27/12 and well... my touch screen is non-responsive. I still ordered another one of these bad boys because it's a good phone. I really love this phone and I'll be getting it on the 29th for I paid for 1 day shipping. Not bad on pricing cuz it cost me the same as the first one. Back then it was for $60 now it's for $43. Ended up being $61. Just wish this new phone is not going to be as non-responsive as the other one. Yes, I lost all my photos and videos. :/... if it happens next year I'll buy another phone. One that isn't touch screen.

I bought this phone for my wife as a birthday gift and it worked good for the first 3 weeks, then it started malfunctioning.  The phone appears to "mute" itself and the sounds cannot be turned back on until you pop the back cover off and pull the battery out for at least 10 seconds. This is very annoying and has caused my wife to miss calls and text messages.  Other than that, it appears to be working good (for now).  Because of this, I cannot recommend this product to anyone or give it a good rating.  Since it is past Amazon's 30-day warranty period, I cannot return it, therefore I now have an electronic "muted" paperweight. Very disappointed.

The cell phone arrived safely and very fast, but the publicity says the device is unlocked and it is not, ask for a unlock code or contact the service provider's

I'm very happy with my new phone, it works very good, I'd for sure recommend this company to freinds. Thank you

I loved my phone for 3 months. It was the right amount of "smart" for me. I used it for my calendar and my contacts. I mostly used WiFi so I didn't use air time. It's definitely a frugal little phone. But now it's dead as a doornail. It's not a battery issue cause I replaced the battery. It's something more than a dead battery. Now I'm stuck with the touchstone and a green back.

After reading some of the bad review I was a little sketchy about buying this phone and also about how low the price was. Many people previously said that it was a used phone and did not included manuals and what not but the phone i received was brand new. It even had the plastic around it to protect it when you first buy a new item. It included a manual, charger, battery and the phone of course. I was so surprised to get a brand new phone.This phone can get a little slow if you open to many applications but overall its a pretty nice phone. It's very slim and small, which I love. The keypad is smaller than regular phones, but you can get use to it very fast. I love the fact that it's a touch screen(which responds very well). The camera is okay- but it does include a flash, which is a huge plus. So far the battery life is pretty good. I am an intense texter myself and i rarely dies on me during the day. This phone does require a data package which start around 30 $ but that is expected since it is a smart phone.The one thing I don't like about this phone is the fact that you cannot personalize it like other phones may offer. You can't change the dial fonts, calling screen color(which is a green), and it does not include as many apps as the droid and iphone offers.Overall, this is a very nice phone for the price. It is well worth the ~45 dollars. I would definitely recommend another person to purchase this phone.

I use this phone with the Page Plus prepaid company and am happy with the service and reception. Definitely a great deal. Cute little phone for 55 dollars! The keyboard is small yes but the way it's set up, I find it very easy to use and hardly ever fat finger a typo. It's pretty easy to navigate and while the screen is small, it looks nice and the only time I have an issue is with viewing websites. But I really only wanted it for texting and talking anyway which it does well. The processor makes it relatively sluggish and lock up at times but my main complaint is that when I get a notification (eg an incoming text or reminder that pops up on the screen), the person I'm talking to flickers and cuts out for a little while and MY GOD, I can hear myself and whatever noises are on my side through the earpiece. Wind and traffic easily drown out the caller where my older phones didn't have that problem. Basically hearing myself and bg noises in real-time echo. Luckily using a bluetooth headset fixes the noise leak problem since you're not using the pixi's phone hardware so I will deal for now. This is why I knock it down to 3 stars. Talking on my phone is the most important thing to me and it should work well without the need to buy a headset. This phone doesn't and I've found other people on google search who've had the same issue. Otherwise, I love the keyboard, I love the size and how it fits in my hand, love the look, love the price, love the OS, and the many customizations for the OS. I say go for it if you want a cute little semi-smart phone for texting and have a headset to use with it. It's cheap and great for the price!

This phone is an amazing phone, it does everything i want it to, nothing more and nothing less. Keyboard looks intimidating but it actually very easy to use and i rarely aver mess up when using it. I love this phone, i ordered from blutekusa because others gave HORRIBLE reviews about OEM Planet

I have loved this phone.  It took a whole day to figure out how to even turn it on and off, but it has been a very easy-to-use, fun option to other more-expensive smart phones.

this such a great phone, looks and feels great in the hand! I love it! EcoSell was great, they are very fast and have awesome customer service.

Palm Pixi works well but PAGE PLUS PREPAID WIRELESS PROVIDER CHARGED DATA USAGE TO PALM PIXI REGARDLESS YOU CONNECT TO A WIFI!!!!!!!!The following is the claim I sent to Page Plus."I have never used the Page Plus number to surf on the Internet without connecting to a wifi. I only have surfed on the internet when I have connected to a wifi at home, library, etc. However, Page Plus has kept charged me for data usage although I connected to wifi before surfing internet. I contacted Page Plus's supervisor yesterday and she said Page Plus charged me the data usage as my Palm Pixi updated itself and nothing was charged when I connected to wifi to surf. After she said that I double checked my phone record and the time and dates that Page plus charged me were the time and dates I connected to wifi to surf. Therefore, her statement was not true. Thus, please review my account and refund what Page Plus charged me for data usage, which I connected to wifi to for data usage and I didn't use Page Plus's service for any data usage. Also, I gave the supervisor an example of my son's Palm Pixi. I have not added any wireless providers to his phone and he has used it to surf on the internet as much as he wants when he connects to a wifi. Therefore, again, please review this issue and improve your technology to recognize when customers connect to a wifi to surf, so that your company wouldn't charge them, which does NOT make sense and COSTLY to customers while they tried to use WIFI to save their minutes.

First of all, I got this phone to use on Page Plus.  For that purpose, it works fine. I followed another reviewer's tips on getting it set up on their network (setup tips through Kittywireless I think), and it was pretty straightforward.Physically, the phone is very good.  It feels nice in the hand and the buttons are good.  They feel a little rubbery and although give good tactile response, they do feel a little light or cheap.  I could believe another reviewer's response that their buttons failed after extreme amounts of texting.  I only send a few hundred a month so I am not too worried.  I feel as though the touchscreen is exceptional, offering adequate resolution with excellent touch feedback compared to many of the other cheap phones that I have tried with touch screens.  Its no Iphone or Android phone, but for what it is it excels.  The case of the phone is rubberized so it doesn't slip around too easily, which is nice.  The charge/USB connection is a little tricky to access, but its no dealbreaker.  There is supposed to be a single switch on the outside of the case to be used to silence the ringer without going through menu's, but on my phone it seems to get temperamental sometimes, switching between the two modes unless we really set the switch to either side in an assertive way.The software and interface take a little bit of getting used to but after a few days it feels really nice, intuitive and easy to use.  The wifi option makes it quick and easy to access apps.  Speaking of apps, some of the apps that are preloaded on the phone won't work because they require internet access, but upon accessing the internet they say the version is no longer supported.  Looking through the apps catalog yields a few thousand apps (a far cry from the hundreds of thousands or even millions available for Android or iOS).  Many of them seem worth while, but the reviews are all generally poor because most people complain that they wont install  I researched it for a little while, and found out how to get around this common problem.  There is an app in the catalog with a name like &#34;app store update&#34; or something to that effect, published by Palm.  This app is the key to getting any other apps to work, download, or update.  To get this app update to work, however, you need to go through the phone clock settings and turn off network time, turn off network time-zone, set the time manually to June 1 2013, then turn the phone to airplane mode and back to regular mode for the time to set.  After that, download the app update, install, and after it installs properly, go through the time set procedure and turn the network time and timezone back on.  After that, all the apps in the appstore seem to install normally.Overall a nice enough phone, good voice quality, nice interface, cheap, and works on Page Plus [CDMA/Verizon] network.

it's ok. I have tried one of them only until now. I need to see whether the other one works too

I wanted a PDA as an organizer and discovered they no longer make them - it's all smartphones now. This little phone is not only affordable, it's cute, easy to use, and with Page Plus phone service you can have a PDA w/backup phone service for only $10 every 4 months. I find I use it the most when I want to check something quick on the internet while I'm laying in bed --I can turn it on, connect to Wi-fi, look up my info and be done in the time my computer would take just to fire up -- very handy. With a few useful apps loaded - it's my go-to device and I have no contract and therefore don't have to pay through the nose for the privilege of using a smartphone.

This palm pixi was received brand new in retail box.  I activated phone for use with page plus and it works great for my needs. All in All a great value for a neat little phone!!!

At this point,(I have only had this cell phone a month now) I feel it is becoming one of the best devices I have ever bought. The last Palm device I bought at Amazon with paying full freight, was the Palm TX, a big disappointment. Taught me a great lesson, never pay full retail for electronics again, the price will drop even if it's older technology. As a result Palm lost me for many years as a customer after being a long time user. Until now. Could not resist this device at $56,which AT&T; sells unlocked for hundreds. Web OS is one of the slickest OS's ever encountered outside iPhone/touch, having no experience with Androids can't comment. Hardware is good, resolution very good, ringer volume on the low side but acceptable for me.If you follow previous comments on how to activate the phone sans Verizon(see Chuck Homic,he is the reason I went for it(the method described worked superbly), it's the best bargain out there in the world of smartphones. Cellular portion of the phone I rarely use(though that works excellently), I mainly wanted it for it's wi-fi capabilities, and that's free. In a sense it's like an iPod touch with a cell phone attached. With Kitty wireless you can get good deals on pins and texting, good small company to deal in tandem with Pageplus, with all your cell phone needs. $30 dollars a year to keep the phone active, is a huge message to the big carriers that there are cheap alternatives, if you are willing to deal with not having the latest rage device, this is one heck of a phone, in a class of it's own.Not a big gabber on the phone, so the low volume on incoming calls didn't bother me too much, you can always wear a headset, no mic needed. Lots of complaints over screen size, it's no bigger or smaller than most BlackBerry's out there I believe, when navigating web sites you do have to really pinch and zoom and double tap a lot.  You can use iTunes or windows media to sort of organize your stuff on the phone itself. Just drag iTunes music directly in to the device, you can use Windows Media Player, or in my case, Windows explorer drag and drop. Options galore.The only minor complaint I have is the the ringer and speaker volume could be louder. I basically use this as my MP3 player and hearing the ringer with a headset is plenty loud, but being in a loud environment trying to hear a ringer might be a bit difficult, vibrate only works with one pulse and it's over. But the phone portion is not that critical for me, remember Verizon network has the least amount of dropped calls, which is comforting.The browser and the synergy gathering of your email accounts work very well, overall an outstanding deal, I'm happy. At this price buy 2 or more for gifts. They'll love you.

I had to return this phone because it was to much of a phone for a 8 year old, so we never had a chance to activate it!

1) There's NO user manual.  Just cautions about pacemakers, and pages about safe use in the car.  NO instructions about keypad,features, etc.2) The name of the item is "No contract"  Uh... nope.  I had seen a review about activating without Verizon data plan, but didn't realize he just bought into a different carrier.  I have Verizon contract, and they refuse to activate without a $30/mo data plan.  I'm at computer all day and can be most of evening.  Don't need/cannot afford data plan.  Just wanted wi-fi and some other features, including talk/text on qwerty.  If anyone has any work-around instructions I'd love to hear, or this is going back to Amazon on Saturday.  I can get an mp3 player for less than $50 if that's all it's good for.3) Wow, people were not kidding that the keyboard is tiny!  I guess I didn't realize the number pad is only part of the keyboard (?) or would I be able to see a "dial" pad on screen if I could get it activated?Big disappointment, since I've been over a week w/o cellphone.Palm Pixi Plus Verizon Cell Phone ~ No Contract

The quality of Palm Pixi Plus cellphone is very poor - I bought it on Sep. 2011 and the "q w e r t y u" keys on the key board don't work now (Feb. 2012).Sent the seller email, got response: "I am so sorry to hear you have had a problem with your order. Unfortunately our return policy is for 30 days from the receipt of your package and our records do show your item is no longer covered under the return period. Regretfully, we are not able to further assist you with this matter. I apologize for the inconvenience this might have caused you."Basically, you just have 30 days period for the phone, (it said "Fulfillment by Amazon"), after that period "It just sold as it is". Should add "no warranty" in the product description.Also, the seller name always changes (even name in the invoice page in the order history also changes). I need to go back to original email when I ordered the product. The seller called "The OEM Shop", now called "A to Z Wireless Solutions" "Best N Price". So, it was useless to write seller name here, it keeps changing.Do not buy it. It is also a used phone, someone already posted a method in the review to check it. Spend more money to get a good one!

Good phone loved the keybord, touchscreen very sensitive. All around good phone but the only thing is that it is very easy to break it i droped it twice and the touch screen cracked, after that happens you might as well buy a new one . . . i did (same one though).

This phone is a great deal.  No, it's not as powerful or as amazing of a screen or great of a camera as you can find on current smart phones but if you're someone who uses your phone minimally and still wants something more advanced than a basic flip phone, the Palm Pixi is a great choice.  I talk very little on the phone and text even less, so I get by on a pre-paid plan that costs less than a hundred dollars a year.  Don't use any data but there are so many places where wifi is available that I still use many of the features over wifi.  The OS is slick and everything works smoothly.  The screen is smaller than current phones which seem to be getting larger and larger but the form factor of the phone is great and it fits comfortably in my pocket.  Battery life is surprisingly good, again I don't use the phone a ton, but it still seems like it lasts longer than most phones.  The camera is pretty bad so don't plan on getting any good pictures from it but at least it's something.  If you're looking for a phone to put on a prepaid plan, this is a great choice, just make sure to disable data as data rates on prepaid plans tend to be insanely expensive.

Fantastic phone!  I still can't figure out why it's so cheap!  Everyone should consider this phone bc its great for how much it cost, most definitely.

Works great with WiFi on cheapest plan.Plan is REQUIRED to get the phone turned "on".(Not used as a Phone too much.)Screen is a little small,but tapping makes WEB pages zoom in.(Site specific sometimes.)

After having my palm pixi plus with verizon for over a year.. I broke mine. I went to file an insurance claim but it was about 89 dollars to do that. My friend found this phone on another website and I checked on here and found this for 50 dollars! after using amazon gift cards from swagbucks work 15 dollars I bought this phone for a total of 38 dollars!!!!!!

Item arrived FAST and just as described! Very WONDERFUL phone! Activated with Page Plus (who uses Verizon towers) through kittywireless.com with NO PROBLEMS!!! Kitty Wireless has a great tutorial on their site for activating this phone :) I guess if I were to complain about SOMETHING it would be the tiny keys, but that isn't so much of a big deal for me because I have tiny fingers... So, not recommend for big hands :/  There is NO  slot for a micro sd card; However, the phone has a 8gb memory.  I haven't been able to use it with the site MYXER.COM (for ringtones, games and wallpaper) yet, but hopefully Myxer will add Page Plus to their list soon :)For those of you that do NOT know about Page Plus... like I said earlier, they use Verizon towers and get EXCELLENT reception.  We live in a spot that is VERY HARD to get ANY& type of reception... We have used Contract phones through: Ntelos, Sprint & AT&T; and Prepaid through: Boost Mobile (who uses Sprint towers) &Straight; Talk (who uses AT&T; towers).  We were about to try Verizon's Prepaid when we heard about Page Plus (who uses Verizon Towers)... We live in NC and if you compare buying a $50 prepaid Verizon card (with tax) and a $44.95 Unlimited Talk/Text w/20mg of data (FYI: you can turn off page plus 3g internet access on the phone and turn on Wi-Fi for UNLIMITED internet access WHEN you are around Wi-Fi) with FREE S&H; and NO TAX through Page Plus' official site, it is $8.42 per month CHEAPER for us!!! :)All in all, GREAT PHONE AND GREATTTTTTTTTTTTTTT SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The plam pixi itself is a great phone, but the phone they send you is not new or atleast not in new conditions, it looks like it has been used before , so for the price, you get what you pay for may be a little more than you should for a used phone. plus verizon wants you to sign a contract no matter what, if you are new you pay activation and sign a contract to get the lower price on plans, otherwise you pay 10 bucks extra or may be 15 not sure. if you already have verizon and donot mind a used phone then this could be usefull just be carefull when you activate the phone that it does not get you a new account with a new contract.

I love my new palm pixi plus! It was a steal of a deal and it is so useful.the only thing that I dislike is that the buttons are so close together. It is definitely a great phone and you get used to the buttons. Thanks a bunch!

Ordered two, one works fine, one doesn't. The defective unit has display transposed, touch screen freeze up. Called amazon customer service,they allowed free shipping for return. I want a replacement for the phone, since the good one really works well. Amazon offered free one day shipping for the new phone I bought.Many many thanks to the person who wrote the detailed instruction on how to activate this phone with Page Plus. I nearly returned them when I saw Verizon wireless on the upper left corner, until I read the reviews posted here. Port in one line from T mobile without any problem. My old line stopped working in minutes after successful port-in. Also thanks to the person who posted Kitty Wireless web page for step by step instruction on this particular model. Very very helpful and easy to follow.The only problem I have so far is this phone is designed for small hands, kind of hard to operate with big fat fingers.

This product is not bad for one the early smart phones. It arrived quickly and in good condition. All the functions of the phone work well and battery holds a good charge. It's a nice phone for not a lot of money.

Recently I lost my iPhone. I went to the Verizon store and was told it would cost me well over $500 for a replacement iPhone since I had not bought insurance nor was I eligible for an upgrade yet (just another 3 1/2 months to go). Even the other "cheaper" brand models of smart phones cost several hundred without the discount of being a new subscriber or being eligible for a phone upgrade by having fulfilled 20 months of my obligated 2 year contract. What to do? Welcome to the Palm Pixi (or as I like to call it the Poor Mans iPhone).The Palm Pixel only costs about $40 brand new! That being said I had very low expectations for this thing, after all I really only need this thing to get me through the next 3 months until I am eligible for a new phone through Verizon again. Sometimes I get a little annoyed that the touch screen isn't super responsive, that the operating system can seem a bit sluggish, that the camera is only 2 megapixels, or that apps periodically crash, and then I remind myself that this thing ONLY COST $40! The fact that this thing can do anything more than make phone calls ought to blow your mind away! I also love that it has an 8gb hard drive to hold my music and I can use it as an mp3 player when I commute to/from work. Heck, just a couple years ago an 8gb touch screen iPod cost over 6 times the amount of this and it still couldn't do nearly as much.On a side note involving Phone insurance, DO NOT GET IT! I say this as someone who lost his phone and could have benefited from having it. Phone insurance through Verizon costs about $7/mo. Over the course of a 2 year contract that will cost you about $168 whether you lose your phone or not. If you do happen to lose your phone it will cost you an additional $100 deposit (basically you are paying upwards of $300 for a "Free" replacement phone). With the extremely low prices of cheaper model smart phones like this Palm Pixi you are much better off to forgo their insurance route and if worse comes to worse you pick up one of these cheapo models to hold you over until your contract expires/ you are eligible for an upgrade.

Drops calls constantantly where no other phone has, goes into airplane mode whenever it feels like, and after 3 weeks the rubber backing starts to separate and you have a phone that looks like it's 10 years old.

This is the worst phone not only for webos but in the world. It restarts all the time, the sound in the speakers goes out sometimes and it's slow. So don't expect to do a lot of fun things on this phone like you would do on ios or android because this phone is not the phone for that. It does have a nice multitasking feature with the card view but not enough apps and the battery life sucks on it as well. Please don't buy this phone trust me there is better smart phones out there for the right price.

If you need a phone to get you on the unlimited plan, this one is it.  It will get you there before the tiers start on July 7th.As an added plus, if you activate it on Verizon you get a 5GB Free WIFI feature added to your line on your account. (Normally costs $20 for 2GB per month).Phone is being used as a transition until the Driod Bionic comes out.  The phone is nice, can do most anything, but the screen is small.  What do you expect for a sub $50 phone.Received mine from OEM shop that was fulfilled by Amazon and was absolutely NEW and UNOPENED in a Verizon branded OEM box.

The phone itself is amazing; no freezing, very responsive touch screen, easy to use (this was my first smart phone and I had no problems navigating it!), and although some people feel that the keys are too small, I don't seem to be having a problem with using the keyboard (and I have clumsy fingers). My only issue with the phone is the battery...it doesn't even last a full day. For example, I leave for my morning commute with the battery at 100%, then by the time I get to work 40 mins later it is down to 70% (after limited use, I just use it to listen to music). Then after a few more hours of using it for texting and some email, it goes down to about 30%. I have just ordered an extended battery and am hoping that it works out (according to most of its reviews,it makes the phone run for twice as long)! All in all, I'd highly recommend the phone, but I'd definitely order the extended battery.

Thanks for such good service.  I am very happy with my purchase, the quality and the services rendered.  Thanks again for the prompt way you do business.

the phone overall is a nice phone, it works properly and fine until recently only one speaker in the back works causing it to be real low whenever the phone rings and the data usage was a big waste.

I LOVE THE PALM PIXI I BROUGHT THIS PHONE AFTER BUYING 5 BLACKBERRY'S THAT DID NOT WORK SO I SENT THEM ALL BACK WENT ON AMAZON FOUND A TOUCH SCREEN AND FULL KEY BORD AND ITS BEEN A GREAT PHONE FOR ME AND I BEEN A SPRINT USER FOR ABOUT A YEAR OR SO AND THE PHONE WORKS GREAT WITH THE SPRINT NETWORK.SPRINT HAD ONE FOR 200$ WENT ON AMAZON GOT ONE BRAND NEW FOR ABOUT 40 BUCKS AND ITS BEN GREAT PHONE SO FAR AND AS OF NOW I NO ISSUE WITH IT.ITS GREAT FOR A PERSON WITH SMALL HAND'S LIKE MYSELF SO FOR A WOMEN WITH SMALL HANDS IT IS SO WORTH IT SO GLADE I FOUND MY TRUE LOVE PHONE.

Pros- a monkey can use this phone (easy to use)- 3G (fast)- good amount of memory- Verizon has good service (Chicago area)Cons- limited apps- small keypad- battery life not too good- randomly turns on/offthe end.

That should be bold in the description. The search is not refined this was under basic phones. That is not true. It was an odd phone it said it was unlocked but it was not working with wifi. Returned it.

I am not here to write about the phone, I am here to wrote about Verizon. Verizon is very quick to tell you how BAD the other providers are and then turn around and provide some of the worse customer service in the industry. They are a notorious bait and switch, they make promises they don't keep - like making good on a bad transaction. They have absolutely no customer loyalty. I was with them for 16 years and all I will say is there are better providers out there (not mentioning them because this is not an ad for another provider, but a warning to all that get pulled in by Verizons slick false promotions.

This is my first smart phone, didn't know what to expect even after reading reviews, after setting up on Page Plus I couldn't figure what is so smart about it. There is no voice record on the phone (I like to have my nephew and niece sing and turn to ring tones) you can hook it up to PC and do it but that was on the first dumb phone I ever had. No back cursor for correction you have to tap and it can be hard to tap the spot. I like the feel of the phone the numbers are small but not a real problem the battery life is one day. I keep data off except for checking for pictures or sounds in texts,and set to be off when phone is in sleep mode. There are no notifications of Picture or voice text with data off. Some of the phone genius should come up with apps for these little things (that really aggravate me for some reason.) Everything that works on the phone works well so far, I have a lot to learn. Palm help is available on the phone and they do a great job with  "Live chat" bet they get to know me. I am still torn if I want to keep this or go back to a feature phone type. I would recommend this phone for people that know more of what they can make it do. So many of the apps are for the 2.1 (or what ever the number is  and not for 1.4? It has tried to freeze up a couple of times but came out OK. I guess if someone was learning on it it would have a chance or freezing up....lol.I do like the rubber feel back makes it feel safer in my hand, and the touch screen is easy maybe to sensitive. I want to love this phone in time maybe I will. Now to say a word about buying on here some sellers will raise and lower the price daily I had it in my cart to think about it and the price went up then when I went ahead and bought it that day the price came back down. Be aware of sellers, read their feedback, the phone did appear to be new as stated.

only problems from the first minute.. freezes.. freezes.. freezes... like 5 times a day. horrible. stay away. would not recomend at all.

Was very satisified with this Palm Pixi. Bought my daughter one for Christmas, and she broke it.  I didn't have insurance on it, so had to find something without a contract, but affordable.  I was very suprised to find the exact same phone from this seller. The price was very affordable around $60 after tax and shipping.  The phone was brand new and came in the box with all accessories. I would definitley recommend this seller for your purchase.

this phone was defective it would not turn on and i called verizon and they said it doesnt exist with the current serial info on the product and the box

For the features you get from the Palm Pixi Plus, it is WELL worth what you pay and more. Be prepared though, for it's VERY SMALL size, the keyboard is so tiny, even me with my little fingers, I can't type too quickly with it. The touch screen is also tiny, as well as when trying to use the calendar and other apps, you usually end up touching more than one day at a time. I usually have to use my pinky to touch the apps and calendar days.The ease of use for me, a first time SmartPhone owner was terrific! I was able to download apps, play games, synch my emails from Google and Outlook, as well as my calendars all onto one view. The internet is very quick, and it has WIFI!! Of course with Verizon, a data plan is required and they only offered one plan on my Family Plan, so it costs an extra $29.99 for me for unlimited data.This also comes with a mobile hotspot that you can connect up to 5 devices with, but I thought Verizon charged an extra $40 to activate the hotspot on top of your $30 data plan, plus it only goes up to 5 GB, and it counts all the data usage from any device connected to it. BUT, after speaking to the Verizon rep, for THIS PHONE ONLY, the 3G mobile hotspot is FREE up to 5GB. So today, I got another one, and the rep verfied that since I'm already on the Mobile hotspot plan, I would be able to activate another Palm pixi plus if this one broke. BUT HURRY, it sounds lilke after a while this promo will drop to only 2 GB free, after that it's $20 per GB you go over or 5 c. per MB.Otherwise, this phone is perfect, I only wish they had made it a little bigger, and a little more sturdier, but I still give it 5 starts for the features that come with it.The more I use it the more I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!CONS:I did have a problem with the mute button on the side, the factory cover wasn't cut correctly and kept holding the mute button down, I popped the cover off and my husband cut the hole a little bigger and it's perfect now.There is no number pad for dialing, everything is on the touchscreen. (this could be a pro also), but the screen is so sensitive, it's hard to dial if you're moving, like walking.For more info about the Palm Pixi Plus, see the great videos and demos at the palm website, and also see reviews by Cnet

I was really happy that they delivered the phone ontime and the phone came with everything with phone charger and all. I had one bad experiance with receiving a dvd. it never showed up. I was pissed. I had no problem with the company the phone works perfectly( knock on wood).

I needed a replacement for my Palm Pre Plus which unfortunately drowned in a cup of tea - long story. The Pixi arrived very quickly, was easy to set up and is working great.  It's easier to text with than the Pre and a lighter package.  I've found these palm devices to be very reliable if you keep them out of liquids!  The wi-fi feature is a nice way to hedge using data time.  Thanks Amazon!

The 60 days support from Palm when I bought this Wi-Fi smartphone was really helpful. The tech support rep help me setup my phone to receive emails, my musics (palm only accept MP3 format) so I've to convert my iTune into MP3 before I can move the music folder from my computer to this device. This little smartphone is slim and do lots of things even though it wasn't as good as my iPhone4S but for the price compare to iPhone this is a bargain and it does everything well - sync and retrieve my email, text messaging, search the web, YouTube, etc. I hightly recommend this device with the Wi-FiPalm Pixi Plus Verizon Only Cell Phone with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Black.

purchase was fine, everything was in tact in working order, phone was too small, and i ordered the wrong phone for the plan i had. resold quickly to someone else. they loved it

hi i bought this phone off of amazon recently and let me first say this when it came in it had no manual  luckily i  knew how to work it. if you were buying this phone in hope to activate it on another wireless provider then it will take some steps. when you cut it on it take about 2 minutes to load then it comes to a screen in which it will try to call verizon to activate it. it will try two times until it finally says it is unable to call the the place. it will give you your meid code and tell you to call it on another phone and give them your meid code. I basically didnt want to activate it on verizon because their prices are to high. I took it to a revol store and unfortunately they couldn't do it either. then i took it to comstation and they took my phone for 3 days and when i came back it was ready. they had to flash my phone ( take verzon info out) and then they activated it to my revol acount.the phone is very easy to use and if you get this phone make sure you have internet on it or you will not be able to enjoy most of the features this phones provides. it is great for a first smartphone but is not the best smartphone out these days i would recommend this to othersTIPS:touchstone charger is a good choice because the charger plug is hard to take out of the phone.case for your phone is also good because the phone is very thin a silicone case suggestedthankyou and hope this comment was helpful in any way

I'm so impressed with this little phone! I've never owned a smart phone, and so I can't compare it to any others.A couple of months ago, I lost my LG chocolate that I got for free when I renewed my Verizon contract, which expires in 12/11. I considered renewing my contract for another 2 years, but the options were very different from 2 yrs ago when I last renewed my contract. Then, you could get most any state-of-the-art phones for free with a contract renewal. Now, there are only 1-2 free non-smart phone options for free with a contract, and the state-of-the-art smart phones cost hundreds of dollars WITH A 2 YEAR CONTRACT RENEWAL. Without a contract, non-smart phones start at over $200, and smart phones can be over $700. I was in sticker shock. After just losing a phone that I really liked (perhaps stolen?) I worried about having an expensive phone, having it be vulnerable to theft, and trying to replace it again with the prices ever increasing.And so...I was delighted and incredulous when I saw the Palm Pixie for sale at $39. With a price like that, I felt there wasn't that much to lose to give it a try. I was also drawn by the fact that it is a no contract phone, as I don't get cell coverage where I live, and figured getting a prepaid plan when my contract runs out would save money (.95/day for days you use the phone + .05 per minute).I have been blown away by the phone's capabilities. The sound is clearer than my old phone, the tiny QWERTY keyboard and the touch screen take some getting used to for an older technology user like myself, but are very useable once you get used to them. I love the smart phone screens, and actually enjoy their ease of use. I've never had a smart phone before, so I don't know how it compares to others, but I love it!I feel like I wasn't clever enough to talk Verizon out of forcing me to have a data plan ($30/mo) with this phone. I can see many other people have had luck with this, and I'd love to get some pointers. In the meantime, I'm really enjoying the Internet connection, and listen to music frequently. The little speakers are okay, and it has a standard earphone plug (I used one I got on an airplane).I plan to go "no contract" when my contract expires, and save $$$. Fees and prices of cell phones continue to rise, and more elaborate and expensive services get added all the time. I'm grateful to Palm for offering a product with such amazing value. I notice that the cost of it has increased from $39 to $44 just in the month since I bought it, so if you're considering buying one, do so soon. I'm buying a "back up" in case mine ever gets lost.

I ordered this phone for my niece (who promptly lost it 3 days later), for use on a Page Plus pre-paid plan. The phone is pretty lightweight and feels comfortable in your hand. It takes some getting use to, because of the different operating system (webOS). I really like the window-card feature, and being able to "flick away" cards not needed. There are plenty of video tutorials on the phone, to show you how to navigate around, along with tips and tricks. Not overly impressed with the app market, but I won't complain, because it'll never compete with the Android/iPhone app markets. Overall, for the few days that I was able to play with the phone, I was impressed. Probably the cheapest smartphone on the market (due to saturation), w/o tying yourself into a contract. I will be ordering this phone (again!) as a backup for myself.

Well i had this phone for about 6 months the apps and everything are sorta ok the keys are small but that doesnt matter for me and i wish they had mention that it needed a data plan 95 dollars a month is pulling lots out of my pocket so i decided to order the samsung glyde i hope that does better

If this is you first smart phone purchase you wont be disappointed. This is the best bang for your buck in terms of cell phones. Extremely surprised with alot of features. Some things you can even get done faster that with apple or droid phones just due to the simplicity of the webOS interface. and on another note. If you are a casual user of you cell phone like me, you can sign up with pageplus for their prepaid plans wich i end up paying like 29.99 a month for their monthly plans(all taxes included!).

I echo a lot of other reviews in that this is a great little phone; it's cheap, unlocked (I'm on page plus cellular) and it's a smartphone. It runs WebOS so you don't have nearly the amount of choices as you would with iPhone or Android but hey, it's several hundred dollars cheaper. Maybe the only reason I put four stars instead of 5 is because start up is so long. I would definitely buy it again (in fact, I did when I dropped it onto a sharp rock and broke the screen).

I was excited when I purchased my Palm Pixi Plus smartphone in April for use with Page Plus.  I was looking for a small, easy to use phone, and the Pixi fit the bill.  The QWERTY keyboard is small but functional, although the &#34;Space&#34; bar must be push just so for it to work.  All was good until two weeks ago, when the touch screen became less and less responsive, finally freezing altogether.  I went online and found this is a fairly common problem with Pixi's and used static from turning on an old tube TV to get it working again.  The fix lasted five days before the touch screen locked again, and now the TV trick is not working.  Looks like I need a new phone.  It won't be another Palm product as I expect significantly more longevity from my electronics.

The Pixi makes an excellent feature phone for use on the Page Plus Cellular. For ~$40, it is better then anything they offer on their website. Kitty wireless has an excellent write on how to activate it on Page Plus. This phone uses data in the background so be sure to disable 3G data in the phone options or sign up for at least the $30 talk and text plan which include 100MB. In Wi-Fi mode it can be used as an entry level smartphone for email, surfing and games. It has an excellent interface with minimal ramp up time. The charging port is a bit inconvenient so I suggest an upgrade to the Palm Touchstone inductive charger with replacement Touchstone back. Both combined set me back less then $10. Links:Palm Touchstone Charging Dock for Palm Pre and Palm Pixi, Palm Pixi Touchstone Cover. The screen is plastic so a screen protector is a plus.

I ORDERED this phone for my brother who only used the phone for about a week then it just stopped working (could not place calls) the phone would power on but show a black screen. For the week he had it he mostly used youtube with the wifi  he really like the phone but it didn't last at all. only paid $40 so im  not to upset but my brother is after trying to get the phone to work for a couple days he finally decided to crack the screen with he fist.DO NOT BUY

I recently purchased a Palm Pixie from Amazon so I could use the Wi-Fi feature on the phone. I had a Palm Pixie prior for 2yr.6mo and decided to get the same one as I liked how it functioned and the apps I could have. With the Palm Pixie I received from a seller with Amazon, I called Verizon 3x's and went into a Verizon store 3x's and finally a customer service person said something was wrong with the phone..the on/off button didn't work..so now my 30 days is up and I am out the purchase price of phone and all my time and mileage to Verizon store...I live in a very remote area which makes shopping difficult. Sorry, but I would pick another brand and I would also buy it from an extremely reliable source as I was traveling and it was a big inconvenience not having a phone and trying fo figure out what the problem was..just not worth saving a few bucks. Sometimes it's better to pay a bit more for a great customer service representative.. that knows their equipment... I'm disappointed as I have bought other items through Amazon and no problems.

I was really anxious to get a new phone, specifically the palm pixi plus. When I first got it, I thought it was great!, it's very easy to use. However it is very small, which is kind of opposite of what I expected because im used to bigger phones. I was very satisfied with my phone in the beginning. A few weeks after I began to use it, it started doing wierd things like opening up apps by itself and turning off at random times. When I charged it with the charger that it came with, the phone goes crazy! it opens and closes apps, the light blinks on and off and a bunch of other wierd stuff. I ended up buying a new charger that works fine. The battery life is horrible! i cant leave without my charger, knowing that my phone might go dead withnin an hour while I'm in the middle of nowhere. Long story short, I probably would of gotten a different phone if I new this phone was not what I expected it to be.

I bought the Palm Pixi Plus because it was inexpensive, a 'smartphone', and I was ditching my Verizon contract in favor of Page Plus, where I could use data and wifi without Verizon's ridiculous charges.  Our family bought 3 Pixi Plus phones, so this review covers all 3 of them - not just a single lemon.Out of the box, plus accessories: I bought the Touchstone charging base and magnetic phone charging battery cover for dirt cheap from Verizon's store. The real deals. I tried to charge the phone out of the box using these accessories, but 2 of our 3 phones wouldn't charge on the Touchstone.  The third phone charged just fine with the Touchstone for about 2 weeks, then ceased charging on it.  We've never figured out why, unless we coincidentally got 3 nonworking Touchstones, battery covers or phones.  However it charges just fine with the accompanying cord and wall adaptor, or via the usb cable (same cable as the wall plug in, minus adaptor) and a computer.  We set up all of our phones using PagePlus and that all went fine (if a sort of long process). The phones each take between 5 and 10 minutes to start up when you turn them on, which I find excessive, especially as these phones are prone to sudden and unexpected shut downs and power ups.  More on that later.The physical phone itself:- Yes the buttons are super tiny. I knew that in advance and was prepared to spend a lot of time erasing misspelled texts. However what I didn't anticipate is that Palm has placed tiny buttons that you will be pushing all the time *right next to* tiny buttons that you do not want to push at all.  Why?  Who knows.  The back space for instance is right next to the "enter/send" button.  So if you accidentally misspell a word in a text, you're very likely to attempt to backspace and instead send a misspelled, half finished text by hitting the enter button (incidentally, aside from the enter and backspace being directly adjacent, they have nearly identical symbols on them...).  There are also a few mysterious symbols (like a large white blobby rectangle) that are for function buttons... not very intuitive at all, but we're all getting used to "blob A" being the "&" etc.- Beyond that, the touch screen is fine, if small, and has a neat little demo that shows you how to back up, fling something off the screen (very satisfying) and minimize windows.  The software... meh... I'm getting used to it, but it's very limited and it takes a lot more work and screen stabbing/stroking to get to oft-used commands than I think it should.  Personal preference.  Conversely, it's very, very easy to accidentally call someone.  If you miss a call while away from the phone there is a light bar indication, but no audible signal.  When you check your missed calls, if you touch the bar that says "missed call!" it will automatically dial that person's number. We have all repeatedly called each other, our doctor, etc. accidentally in the last several months.  Again - user error, but a very easy one to make even after knowing how the error is made.- The ringer. There is a solid clicking button on the side that turns your ringer sound on or off.  However, all of our phones regularly cycle through turning their own ringers on and off at random.  For instance while I've been typing my review with my phone on the table next to me, untouched, my phone has emitted 3 separate buzzing sounds to alert me that the sound was now ON, then OFF, and now ON again.  All while just sitting there chilling out on my table.  The button is still technically set to ON and I haven't touched it.  So who knows.- The software.  There is something called Preware that we've installed on our phones and it gives us the ability to add different homebrew aps, which was nice.  I've added three, two of which work REALLY well and have been wonderful to use (like file manager - love it!), and the third ap (for Twitter) constantly crashes my phone.  So it's a toss up if these aps will work well.- Weirdly shutting down for no reason.  All 3 of our phones do this about once a week, on average.  For no reason while sitting there, mid-text, during a call or while checking email, the phone will just go black, then power itself up again excruciatingly slowly.  Sometimes it just shuts off and does not power back on, and only plugging it in and monkeying with the power button will help it (this is while fully charged... not an empty battery issue).- Holding a charge.  My phone gets used moderately - about maybe 2 hours of calls a day, maybe 20 texts on average, no data use unless checking for texts with attachments (below), limited internet use (about 10 minutes a day) and my charge usually lasts until bed time if it's fully charged in the morning.  Phone #2 is used by a text intensive teen, no internet, little phone calls, and lasts for about a full day plus a half day.  Oh - and the phone batteries all get VERY hot.- Picture messages.  I've read a ton of forum posts about this subject.  NONE of our phones can send or receive picture messages or any attachments unless we turn our Data on.  It won't send them via phone. It doesn't want to use the wifi to send them either.  I don't know why.  And since you'll probably want to have your data turned off until you need it unless you have an unlimited data plan, it makes it tough for spontaneous "hey look at this!" texts to arrive on time.  We've all gotten in the habit of twice a day cycling our data ON... any pictures coming in, dum de dum... and then turning it back OFF.- Camera.  One of our cameras is terrible, the other 2 take decent pictures.  Not outstanding, but recognizable and sharp.- Sound quality.  Weeeeell, it's good if you have the phone in the right position, but if you like to tilt your head to trap the phone between shoulder & ear, you have a high likelihood of covering the mic and your caller won't hear you.  A head set would solve this, or just holding the phone to your ear old school, but for those of us who like to multitask, it's just a piddling kind of problem.  I do hear from folks that my voice "cuts out" quite a bit.  Also I drop calls like the dickens, but that may be my new phone service and not the Pixi's fault.- Speaker phone. This is the first phone I have ever owned that it's possible to have an entire conversation over speaker phone without all the "whaaat??" or distorted robot voice.  And when I have it on speaker, the other person can hear me (and I them) from across the room.  It's the one feature this phone has that I would rank as outstanding.Okay, that's the majority of my thoughts on this phone.  If you can get it for forty bucks, consider it a forty dollar phone.  You aren't getting a two or three hundred dollar phone for forty bucks.  It's essentially a cheap smartphone with a lot of bugs, tics, quirks and hiccups - however you'll be able to call your friends (often without trying!) and text and stuff with only limited hassle.

The case is falling off. Broken, falling apart. The flap where the magnetic lock covers the phone charger hole? Fell off. The MOST ANNOYING THING IN THE WORLD? The stupid sound/volume button has a tendency to be 'touchy'? How else can I put it... anytime I pick up my phone, it thinks I'm hitting that button and buzzes. Anytime it gets bumped. Anytime I'm trying to text, or make a call. IT'S AWEFUL!!!!!! And that's been going on since I got the stupid thing. Uggggggggggh POS do not buy

My Palm Pixi had been dropped and broken, and this phone was discontinued through Verizon. I hopped on Amazon and had a brand new replacement phone the next day, for an amazing price! Brand new in the box! Perfect!

First of all, I disliked the fact that the phone powered off by itself on the first night of me having the phone. I had an alarm clock set so that I would not be late for work. However, since the phone powered off, I was late! On the third day, the phone powered off by itself during that day--really nerve-wrecking! Also, the battery life isn't good, at all. I thought I was using a droid or iPhone because of the shortness of the life of the battery.And I really hated the fact that if you set a ringtone for text messages and are talking on the phone, the ringtone will sound off in your ear while you're talking. Most phones will beep once or something, but the ringtone will play!Another thing, when the phone's on vibrate you can hardly hear it. It has to physically be on you for you to feel/hear it!What I did like was the size of the device and some of its features. But, I returned it and went with an iPhone.Save the trouble of purchasing this device if any of these complaints will seem to bother you!

just got it set up a breese I use page plus and they were great I'll know more as i use the phone but so far it's been good and easy to use

I RECEIVED TWO PALM PIXI'S THIS WEEK THE ON THAT WAS RECIEVED ON MONDAY WAS NOT A NEW PHONE THE SEAL ON THE ORIGINAL PALM PIXI BOX HAD BEEN BROKEN, THE PHONE DIDIN'T HAVE THE ORIGNAL MANUFACTURE'S SCREEN PROTECTOR ON IT  AND THE BLACK STUFF ON THE BATTERY HAS BEEN PEELED OFF ON THE SIDE. THIS PHONE LOOKS USED AND I BOUGGHT IT NEW. I JUST RECIEVED IT ON YESTERDAY I TRAVEL FOR MY JOB AND JUST OPENED BOTH PACKAGES AND THE ONE THAT WAS RECIEVED ON YESTERDAY WAS PACKAGED CORRECTLY. IT WAS BRAND NEW AND THE SEAL ON THE ORIGINAL BOX WASN'T BROKEN.

I'm not a heavy cell phone user, but I did need to upgrade from my flip phone so that I could more easily text. I really like this phone and haven't had any problems with it. I was a Verizon prepaid customer but I switched to Page Plus Wireless because Verizon will not let you use this phone with pay-as-you-go service. It was pretty easy to port my number to the new phone.

This phone so far is awesome! It does way more than i ever thought it would. It was just as the seller described it. It works great. It arrived on time and so far so good.

It was smaller then it look on the picture but it is okay it work just fine thank you have fun with it great for a teen.

That being said, it's a great phone!  For under $40, this is WONDERFUL!The phone mostly importantly can make phone calls!  (great for prepaid service)It's a pity that webOS is discontinued.  This phone comes with the ability/apps foremailweb-browsingyoutubemusicvideo (mp4)pictures (comes with camera with flash)map(s?)Useful free apps include:facebookpackage trackeryelpopentablewells fargo mobile bankingboa mobile bankingthe weather channelnew york timesAP mobilepandora(for me, free daily sodoku doesn't hurt either for the free game)last of all, if a person wants to splurge on the phone, get:an extra battery, wall charger with cableheadsettouchstone and touchstone cover for the phone  (after a while, the phone cover seems to be fallign apart, especially near the chargin area)  the touchstone is wireless charging by induction through the cover.(and maybe a screen protector...if you're good, just don't take off the orignal screen protector came with the phone)it's worth every penny.

This phone has beena complete hassle.  First of all I attempted to use this phone on reachout wireless and the phone is compatible to do so however since you need data service I was unable to use the handset. Then I attempted to use another prepaid carrier such as virgin mobile and was told I couldn't because I needed a carrier who has a sim card. Then I attempted to use verizon prepaid since it is a Verizon phone and Verizon said they have certain phones for their regular prepaid and this phone was not one of them but I could use the phone for their $50 prepaid service which I didn't want to do.  So I asked the rep. If I'll be able to use this phone on any other cellphone carrier and she said no, not unless I have the phone flashed (all memory wiped) and then I wouldn't be able to send pictures or use the internet.  So after finding this all out I decided to return the phone to sender

Phone for about 3weeks, my son notice his phone screen was completly gray!! Pixels went out in the phone. Had to spend another big amount of money for him.another phone! UNEXPECTED BILL....

it's kind hard to use it........i returned it after i tried it a week ......i have to go to verizon store & asked how to use it...

i could not use the phone like it said i would be able to. There fore it was a waste.

Hi sorry I can not qualify you because you buy an unlocked phone plus Palm Pixi, but I get this locked and I have not managed to place this line sumasdo not sent me the invoice, please let me send it to my email. thanks geomiltb@hotmail.com

iphone's success vs the rest of the world has resulted in this excellent phone's current price. For about 40 - 45 bucks for the phone and about 29 bucks/month for PagePlus pay-as-you go service on Verison's network you can get 1200 minutes, 2000 texts, 100mb data per month. Use Kittywireless.com to make it all painless and automatic. This phone is the ideal solution if you aren't a tremendous 3G data consumer.The phone has wifi, so if you spend most of your day where wifi is available - you need to turn off 3G unless you need it -- and your 100mb will last just fine as long as you just do e-mails and sites designed for mobile (like x.facebook or m.facebook).It can combine multiple e-mail sites (gmail, exchange, pop). Sync contacts/calendars with google.Get touchstone cover and inductive charging dock for home and work and leave it on that so you never have to plug it in. Heavy use for all your email plus calls, like most smartphones requires charging battery daily. With the dock it is not a problem. Using the little usb charging cover daily will eventually break it otherwise and cause you to buy a new phone cover for 5 bucks.Has wireless access point built in if you need to connect your laptop to 3G in an emergency.Tiny keys are ok for me and i have big hands. Bought 3 of these and cut my family ATT bill from 280 bucks to 90 per month with better coverage.Ideal use of this phone is as: a phone, a texting machine, for heavy e-mail/calendar use need an area that has wifi for much of the day. It is perfect for PagePlus service. kittywireless.com is ideal to set it up for you. If you use it this way see kittywireless guide on how to turn off 3g when you dont need it.Can read pdf and .docs with built in application but no landscape view on pdfs and the screen is too small for practical use in reading 8x11 inch pdfs.Very small phone. Fits well in pocket. No memory card expansion slot to increase the 8gb memory it comes with. Camera is OK.

I bought the Palm Pixi for Verizon after I was able to get a data plan. I took about a month to research all of the phones that would be available and how they were all rated. The palm looked like a nice back up choice for me, mainly because of the price and because of the average amount of reviews I was able to find on it.After getting tired of trying to find an Android device I decided to get the Pixi, it had just gone on sale when I purchased it.As soon as I got the phone I called Verizon to activate the device and start messing with it. I have been pleased with this phone since I received it. It was a perfect beginning choice as a smart phone user. The phone is small, but after a months use I was able to get used to the size. The screen is very sensitive to your touch. even with a screen protector on it. The mutli touch was a great little add on to the Pixi, it made games a little more interesting on it.Now of course, there are always a few cons with a phone. To least my major ones, the phone has an issue if you try to do way to much stuff at once. For instance, if you have a window open for a game, then one for facebook, and another for texting. Your going to get lag SOMEWHERE, that or your phone will not let you open any more cards. With that issue I have found that exiting at least one card, and then waiting a moment the phone will then be back to normal.The only other issue I have had was with the phones service. For me, I keep my phone on all day and all night. So, every once and awhile I will not be able to get any 3g network or any service, usually I notice it because I will not recieve emails for a little while. The only solution to fix this problem is to restart your phone.Other then the two small cons I have found for this phone. The Palm Pixi has been a great buy, being lower then 100 dollars and still being a smart phone. It was quick to learn and phone to learn. A great phone for any new smart phone user.

Just got my phone, got here pretty quick, it's on the charger & I'm trying to turn it on and nothing is happening, is this normal?? Do I have to wait for it to be fully charged before it will turn on??

To activate this phone with Verizon would require you to subscribe to a data plan of $29.95/month. If you are unwilling to subscribe to data plan or don't want to spend that kind of money, you can't use this as a phone alone nor you can activate it. There are so many workarounds for this device to be used as a WiFi device on the web, but too many hassles with the procedure.After calling Verizon Customer Service, I had to return this phone. Please don't waste your money unless you need a data package from Verizon.Thank you,DK

We bought this phone as a replacement for a broken palm pixi that was still under contract. It came, perfectly packaged, perfectly new. Verizon activated it without a problem and my daughter has been using it ever since she got it with no problems. Great value!!

This was for my 14 year old daughter. It takes a while to set up, but she hasn't complained yet. Only problem is, she sometimes doesn't receive text messages from anyone who doesn't have verizon.

This phone is not intuitive-I really don't like it and I can see why Verizon doesn't sell it anymore.  When I took it in to activate it, they couldn't help me use it because they don't sell it so no one there knows how it works.

so this is my 1st smartphone. I must say that for a cheap little device it's pretty useful and well worth the price.Yes the OS seems clunky and the processor is slow, kinda like you took Windows ME running on a Pentium II and shrank it down to the size of a feature phone. But for ~$50 what's the problem? I bought a dell with Win ME in 1999 for over $2,000 (w/o monitor)- that was a true crime. Still, it's like Palm took a 3G wifi modem and mp3 player and they had a love child, then taught it how to make phone calls, take memos, and do some other stuff in its free timePros: easy to learn and use, lot of functionality, wifi hotspot, and accessories are currently at clearance prices. keyboard is small but tactile material makes it surprisingly easy to type even with large fingers. good for 1-handed typing. acts as USB drive when plugged in, no BS sync program neededCons: slow, tiny keyboard(but see above), can freeze up easily, web OS 1.4.5 is quirky, webOS 2.0 not supported on this phone. NO MICRO SD SLOT!!!so why buy this phone? let's crunch some numbers:- if you use a mobile hotspot or tethering: 1. you can buy a 3G hotspot for $50 from Verizon and pay $60 per MONTH in data fees, or 2. buy another phone and pay $20/mo for 2GB/month hotspot(on top of data plan), OR 3. buy this phone and pay ZERO for I believe 5GB/mo mobile hotspot. This was a special deal Palm made with Verizon to get this thing off the shelves; essentially if you buy for $50 it pays for itself within 3 months, and a 3G hotspot modem costs $50 anyway. I hope this benefit remains for the life of the phone, but I have no clue- you can get a simple subscription from PagePlus, so for $10 per 4 months ($30/yr) you can use this phone for emergencies or a good, cheap travel phone that you won't really mind losing, breaking, or getting stolen. Only a moron would steal this phone anyway. I don't know if the hotspot feature is available unless you get the data plan from PagePlus, anyone know about this? PagePlus with $30/mo data plan not bad- buy phone for $50, extra batteries $4ea, I found the touchstone back for $3, touchstone dock is ~$15. you get a 8GB mp3 player, phone, free 3G mobile hotspot, 'nuff said.

The Palm Pixi using Palm genus WebOS is the best phone I have ever owned... by far!Very intuitive and flexible interface.  Very durable and well constructed, long battery life (like five times that of an android), small and really tuff, this phone is hard to beat.Unlike it's big brother, the Pre, the Pixi is small and easy to use.  While the buttons are small, they are well laid out, and they are REAL BUTTONS.You can modify it to do or look like almost anything you want with apps and mods available free online.And tough! I am very hard on phones.  One of my Pixi's survived the washer and dryer with the battery still in.  I think this will be my sixth phone.  Interfacing email and contacts with Google couldn't be easier, and while the CPU is no speed demon, WebOS is tons faster than Android so it still runs fast.On the con side, many mobile sites no longer support WebOS, and there is no Flash support.  Also there is no alternate browser for the unit out there so your stuck with what Palm developed four years ago.  Also there is no GPS software available, so although its built in, it does not work.  Even Google Maps is now intentionally disabled as they have chosen to go with Android as their platform of choice.This is a perfect phone for someone with limited data needs, and budget.  And still ten times the phone the Blackberry will ever be.

I was so excited about this phone but when I got it, it wouldn't turn on. Charged it overnight, STILL wouldn't turn on. After about 2 days of charging it finally started up. Battery life is surprisingly good considering. Only complaint is that you cant upload your contacts through Version's back up assistant. Still haven't had time to put in all of my contacts but I read something that you can download a program to get all of your contacts and calendars on to your computer then transfer them to your phone.

I purchased this Palm as a replacement for my Incredible while not nearly as fast its a $37 phone. The wall charger from this Palm got so hot it started to melt while I was at work and was very near catching my home on fire!

I still can't believe that I was so fortunate to be able to get such a great entry level smartphone at such an absolutely low price. The $36 for an entire year plan is simply "redunkolous."Thanks for all the support and the comments left. This thread is like a family/ community of helpful people. I love my Palm Pixi Plus and there are tons of information on it and videos on YouTube.Thanks again everyone. Pageplus was a snap go with them and it is okay to get a "new number." If not you will have to call your current provider and get account information and password. I didn't want to go through all that rigomaro.The Wi-Fi does pick up everywhere you go automatically, even your network at home.

I bought a Palm Pixi because I was sick of my droid X. I got the best phone on Verizon's Network and honestly I liked my enV more. Now my reasons for not liking the Droid X had nothing to do with hardware, it had the best hardware HD camera, 1ghz processor, slim, and fantastic storage and on board memory. I hated Android. It was clunky and things that should be easily changed couldn't be. All keyboards suck on Android. I bought many, tried swype none of them were over 75% accurate. I liked the Pixi Plus since one no one has one I like to be unique. Another plus over droid X is its small like half the size which is good atleast in my eyes. Before I bought this I was like it could be too small the keys wont be any different than on the touchscreen but the keys are pretty much perfect a little bigger would be better but they work. They are back lit as well which I worried about since it didnt say it anywhere but I could find people talking about the pre's back lit keyboard so I was worried but they are so nbd. Onto WebOS. Its nice pretty easy to use and a lot easier to get used to than Android. Contacts are neat as they merge everything into the one app. Emails, facebook, I.M., and home work and cell phones into one contact. The only thing I dont like is I have emails from people that I dont talk to really but dont want them deleted so they show up in my contacts (as in you cant remove them from contacts) And really my only other problem is the Pixi is slow out the gate if the Pixi had the innards of the Droid X it would be a tremendous winner. Good news about the WebOS devices is there is a great homebrew community which I was skeptical about but it real is practical and pretty official. They have a store that you download a real easy process and you get neat things like plugins and you can overclock your phone. Which is a necessity for the Pixi. You dont have to overclock much its stock is 600mhz and 740mhz is the lowest overclock available and is fine. It doesnt get any warmer or drain the battery like a fiend. Speaking of which, the battery can last all day if your not doing real heavy use. Another plus is on Verizon you get the 5GB Mobile Hotspot free which is usually an additional $50 a month. You dont have to hack phone or anything like on android. The phone is really good and accessories are dirt cheap I mean batteries $4? Yeah grab a few of those. But other than that solid phone have had no problems with restarting or not getting texts or anything. Completely worth the $60!

I am in the process of returning this back to you, I am a basic person who just needs a cell phone to make calls and send out text messages, I don't need data added as the huge expense. I have 2 laptops with all the data I need.

This phone has a usable physical keyboard which is a huge plus in todays virtual world. The interface software is very slick, and easy to use.I think I know why the backs on these phones get messed up so quickly...It shuts down randomly...powers down on its own. I have picked it up to use and it was shut off, and It won't respond to using the power button. The battery has to be removed...you've got to pry off the back.What is hung up in memory that won't allow it to be powered back up? This is a huge flaw that hinders this phone's success. I am "frankly" amazed that we don't hear more about this. Then again, maybe I got one of the lemons? Buy one to play with they're cheap, and Verizon's version works well with Page Plus...what a great backup phone. I like mine! I just have to get better at removing the back. Whatever happened to resetting with a paper clip?

I was about to return this phone because Verizon wanted a $45 data plan just to activate it; then I read the brilliant comments by Chuck Homic.Opening the package, I saw the ESN/MEID HEX printed on the box. I held down the power button until the PALM light lit up on-screen. It took a while for it to boot up. The phone tried twice to call Verizon and activate itself, to no avail.On another phone, I called the Page Plus Cellular toll-free number and gave them the Pixi's MEID and the phone number that I wanted ported from my active, prepaid Verizon phone. They gave me a 'Premier Package' 6-digit activation code to dial from Pixi, and said that Verizon is usually quick to release your old number and to call back when they have done so.It took about an hour or so that the old cell number stopped ringing the old phone, indicating that it had been ported.In order to dial the activation code on the Pixi, you first press the little phone symbol on the screen and press Emergency Call. When the dialpad shows, hit the backspace three times to erase the 911 off the screen. Enter the six-digit code and hit the Call button. The phone will take a while to activate and will need to be rebooted when it's finished.After you reboot the phone, you'll have to do the Phone Symbol- Emergency Call- erase 911- thing again. Now on the dialpad, try to call a phone number near you to test, like a home number or something. When the phone near you rings, hang up and listen for the confirmation on the phone that it's working.IMPORTANT: Page Plus Cellular gives your account about $2 worth of phone/ text/ data to start your service. Because the Palm Pixi Plus requires a data connection to set up the Palm Profile and activate FIRST, you cannot use WiFi yet to do this. The $2 credit should be plenty to just set up your profile; if not, then call them from another phone and make sure you get the full-on Premier activation code.When I was told this, and since I only use the Voice feature for rare 'emergency' and 'notice' calls, then I opted for the Standard Plan of $10 for 100 minutes that expire after 120 days ($30/year).After the Palm Profile was set up, a brief video tutorial ensued. I then immediately tapped on the Signal Bars symbols to turn on the WiFi, and entered my router's WPA security code for access to my home WiFi network.Now using my own WiFi, I felt FREE to import/ associate the Pixi with my Google contacts, emails, and calendar. Sweet.Here are my notes on this - [Amazon took away the link to my SpringPad notes - [...] ]UPDATE: I've put 380+ songs on it, plus the Pandora App, and I still have 5gb of space.The 'Amazon MP3' app is already built in. The music sounds so good that I ordered the Palm headset as well. I also like the AccuWeather app and about 16 others.UPDATE: I got the dedicated Palm stereo headset for about $3 and discovered that double-clicking the Mic Mute button will advance to the next song (FF) - see review:Palm Stereo Headset for Palm Pixi and Palm Pre. At that price, I try to keep a pair in the car, work, etc.UPDATE: I got a deal on the Belkin Bluetooth dongle for Home Stereo -NEW Version Belkin F8Z492-P Bluetooth Music Receiverand so that I could play my music on the Pixi over my full system; I really like that.UPDATE: plugging and unplugging the charge cord was starting to be a chore, so I bought the TouchStone inductive charger from Palm where you just lay the phone on top of the thing -Palm Touchstone Charging Dock for Palm Pre and Palm Pixi. You have to use a special jacket w/ the TouchStone, and I chose one in bright orange -Palm Pixi Touchstone Cover (orange)UPDATE: THE HOLY GRAIL FOUND -- 'Mark' commented on Chuck Homic's post on Jun 16, 2011 - how to keep voice calls coming in while shutting off cellular data usage but still allowing for WiFi data flow:Mark says -"Mobile hotspot is *not* the only way to consume data. The phone will try to use data silently in the background for you. But you can make it so that it won't do it via carrier data. Open up the phone app (the green phone handset icon), swipe down on the upper left hand menu and select "Preferences and Accounts". A new card will come up. Scroll to the bottom and you should see something labled "Data Usage". Set that to "OFF". This will also extend your battery life on the phone by quite a bit.""If you really want to use the background data features of the phone - called "Synergy" - enable wifi and connect to your home wifi network."Thanks, Mark

This phone would not recognize the battery, so I was forced to return the phone to amazon for a refund.

I've had this phone for about a week now. It's a big upgrade from my previous phone, And I love the Wi-fi capability. I disliked the fact that the phone has Bluetooth, but for bluetooth headsets only. I wasn't able to bluetooth my contacts over, it would have made things easier. It takes some getting used to the small keyboard, but i'm about there. I have already bought 2 more for my wife and mother.

is easy to work with to boot.  I had trouble at 1st because I didn't have my pin number from Verizon and Page Plus is hard to reach at night, but I called them at 9am Central and the wait time was a few minutes.  In fact, I called them back two other times before ten on the same day and total wait time with 3 calls may have been ten minutes!  My two new phones at $36 each were ported from Verizon within an hour.The phone is great for the money, the PagePlus plan cut my bill in half from Verizon and I have a smart phone that connects to my WiFi and that is all I need. Remember, though, that you need to click the green phone dialer and then tap the verizon wireless icon on the top left of the screen, tap preferences, and then scroll down and turn data completely off-unless you want to use the 3G Data.I don't need 3 or 4G, especially for those ridiculous prices.  Kitty Wireless has a very easy to follow set of instructions for setting up the palm pixi on their site too, but I chose PP cellular for the free port.So far so good!  I will update this review as I use the phone more and also update how PagePlus Cellular coverage is working out.  One tip to add to other great tips given on this product site would be to make sure when you add minutes through the toll free number for PagePlus or if you call customer service that you turn your phone off first or the minutes won't load.  Also, go ahead and call the company you are currently with if you are porting a number and get your pin.Love the phone!

Our family has used these as our &#34;poor&#34; smartphone for over two years with PagePlus.  Since we don't have data plans, it is great for texting, syncing gmail calendars and contacts (we use WiFi rather than data), and occasionally listening to music.  USB cable lets you easily add mp3s.Downsides:- not supported, old technology.- No apps to speak of.- Setting up a new phone is tricky so search the internet for help (Kitty wireless instructions are good - but you don't need to pay anyone other than pageplus to activate it).Bottom line: There are better options.  Ask friends for their old Verizon smartphones if you are looking for a phone to bring to PagePlus.  Kids are happier with used iPhones which work on PP (no data).

I bought this phone to use with pageplus.  Reception seems good, feature set is rich.  I was not hard to have pageplus transfer my number from the old phone and then allow Palm to setup a profile.  Once the profile is set, you can disable the data connection and use wifi.

At first this seemed like a great little device. Then it started freezing up whenever it went into a phone related mode. Palm (hp) customer service proved impossible to deal with. It isn't hard to see why it's selling for a tenth of it's original msrp. Returned.

This is a great phone for the price. I had trouble getting it working with my carrier (TalkForLess) and might never have gotten it figured out without the help of an Amazon review which now I can't locate. I only wanted a phone for voice and text, but you also need a data plan to get the phone started. Once it's set up, you can discontinue the data.

I got this phone for my brother and he really likes it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone :)

Let me stress, this is a warning about connecting your phone with Kitty Wireless, it is NOT applicable to Page Plus or to the Palm Pixi Plus cell phone.  However, since the most prominent review here specifically recommends connecting this phone thru Kitty Wireless, I feel compelled to warn everybody to watch out for their "honest and upright" pretense and seeming dedication to customer service.That's because, as soon as they get your credit card number, that niceness comes to a halt.  That is what happened to me and it has now cost me $55 and a whole day waiting in vain for them to start my service.For two days they were indeed very, very helpful.  They explained my phone, responded rapidly to every email inquiry and (tellingly) walked me thru a very long "application" process which demanded not just a lot of extra, personal information, but required me to fine tune my bank debit card records to satisfy their secret formula for "preventing fraud".  If you check their website, you'll see they spend quite some time on their high horse about their commitment to honesty and preventing fraud.  And they are ever so helpful...At one point I got busy and didn't get back to the application for part of a day, so they sent me an e-mail reminding me I was nearly done, even providing a link to take me directly to the step where I had left off.  I was quite impressed.  When I had completed everything, their rapid, efficient system processed my card in less than one second, took my money, issued me a receipt ... and that was the last I heard from them.  I waited all day for the phone to be turned on or to hear something from the company.It was not until I'd sent 3 emails, at 11 o'clock at night, hours after they closed and even longer since they promised to activate my phone that I got a boilerplate response from Kitty Wireless informing me that they had cancelled my order because something in my *application* seemed suspicious.  They would refund my money, but it would be 4-5 business days or longer and no guarantees.  This wasn't their fault, it said, but didn't say whose fault it was or what I could do about it.And that was that.  If I had any questions, tough, don't waste your time asking questions, the email said, as it is Kitty Wireless policy not to discuss these decisions AT ALL with anyone, especially not with anyone who triggered their fraud suspicions.  If and when you ever get your money back you are welcome to spend it elsewhere.God knows what they are really up to, but they couldn't be more wrong in my case.  I did send them an email asking them to clarify how long the wait would be for my refund and  I got an amazingly rude reply that was definitely not machine-generated.  I'll give them this, even when they're abusing you, they do it with a personal touch -- unless they're ignoring you after they've got your money.There you go.  This really happened to me.  I don't know why they accepted my money if there was something wrong with my application anymore than I know why they require such an intrusive "application" or why it supposedly takes them a week to give a refund that Page Plus and the credit card company will provide in a few minutes.  As much as they brag about fighting fraud, their actions suggest the opposite.  I would definitely not patronize them.

I've never bought a phone from amazon (or anywhere online for that matter) and was VERY nervous about doing so, but after my blackberry crapped out on me I got a &#34;new&#34; phone from Verizon and it was so old school, I was annoyed I was forced to get such a old style of phone for $200. Verizon really over charges! Because they can. After about a month of being tortured with a crappy phone I started looking and found the Pixi Plus. I've only had it for maybe 3 hours..... But I LOVE IT. It is like a Blackberry and Iphone made a baby and this was the result. Of course actually comparing it to an iphone wouldn't be fair to it but it has a great touch screen and slide key. The QWERTY keyboard is TINY, but I have really small hands/fingers so it's perfect for me. (I wouldn't recommend this phone to a man) It's about the size of a blackberry but a tiny bit longer and slimmer. Fit's great into back pockets. It doesn't feel cheap to me although I'm not real fancy with my desires in phones. The ONLY complaint I have so far is that backup assistance doesn't work with this phone. That is either on Verizon or the actual phone, I'm not sure. I'm manually typed them in and although annoyed I got it done rather quickly. So much for having backup assistance! All in all, this phone is awesome (so far so good) I've heard that it can be sluggish but I haven't seen that just yet and hopefully wont. I'm extremely happy that I took a chance.

I bought this Palm Pixi Plus to replace a failing Palm Pre Plus. My biggest complaint about the Pre Plus was its keyboard, it was hard to use, and keys often failed.  It was my third Pre, and I still have time on my contract, so even though I want to switch to an Android based phone, I chose to go with this because the price (where as an Android phone would be much more expensive).Positives:So far, my experience with the Palm Pixi Plus has been much better than the Palm Pre Plus.  The hardware seems to be built a little better (no sliding moving parts), the keyboard is much easier to use and is responsive (however, my "R" key needs to be pushed a little harder than the others to respond.  Even though it "clicks", it won't type until you press just a little bit more.  Still MUCH better than my Pre.)  I like the size of the Pixi better than the Pre as I'm not a fan of having a huge smart phone.I only really use the device to receive e-mail, check social networking sites, and look up information on the go.  I do not play games on it, and would not recommend it to those looking for a smartphone to play games.  Music sounds fine, as do calls.  Mobile hotspot is a nice feature and works well (it even passes on GPS information to my iPod Touch)The GPS is a little frustrating to use due to Verizon's ability to lock out parts of a device you own, until you buy the monthly subscription fee.  (Although, if you open the VZNav App, and don't click anything, then open a GPS enabled App, it'll work fine.)I love Synergy, importing contacts from your e-mail, social networking sites, syncing your calendars, etc.  Notifications don't get in the way and are easy to manage.  Gestures work REALLY well, once you get the hang of it.You have more customization available to you than an iOS device, wallpapers, ringtones, notification tones, etc.Negatives:Coming from a Palm Pre Plus, I have to say that this is a slower device.  Apps take longer to load, and transitions don't seem as fluid.  It has a smaller screen than the Pre, but still readable.  Being that it's a Palm device, your choice of Apps is very limited (in comparison to the iOS App Store, or Android Market), so if you are looking for something with a large number of cool apps, look elsewhere.  It has the basics, but outside of that its nothing too special.  On top of it all, most apps are written for the Pre and are not compatible with the Pixi.  So, some of the better apps out there won't even work with this device.The camera is something to be desired.  I wouldn't ever buy this device for taking photos, but nice to have for random shots.There is no voice command for the phone.  Hands free is not possible with this device because this feature is missing.  Be careful out there!The charging door is a real pain to use, with the door constantly flipping back because of the strong magnetic pull.  A touchstone back really should have been included in this device.For those using Google Voice, your options are pretty limited in comparison to other platforms.You are limited to webOS 1.4.5.  HP said they will not support the current Pre's and Pixi's.  Real bummer since they did tell us we would be getting webOS 2.0.I've had lots of trouble with my Palm Pre Plus in the past due to hardware issues.  My hope is that this device lasts.  However, these Palm device are KNOWN for having hardware build quality issues.  Be warned!WARNING:Verizon REQUIRES you to have a smartphone plan if you use this device, meaning your plan could increase by 30 dollars a month, even if you won't be using the data on 3G (and using purely WiFi).  I don't agree with this mentality at all.  Also, this is NOT a world class phone, and will only work on USA CDMA networks.Tips:Install Preware to get some more functionality off the device.  I would also classify this between a true smartphone, and a feature phone.  It works well for what it can do, but don't expect anything beyond that.  It's a communication tool that can also play music, videos, check appointments, and surf the internet.  Don't ask it to do too much else, and you will be happy.

I bought this phone as a gift for my  daughter meets all her expectations will and does recommend this phone

I bought this as a Christmas gift and it had a lot of instructions none of which allowed the phone to work.  We took it to Verizon and they couldn't get the phone to work either.  They said it should have come already activated and they couldn't activate it.  They suggested we buy an upgraded phone.  We took the phone to Verizon wireless and they also were not able to get the phone to work.  No one offered to replace it with one that did work and they just sent us on our way.  Thank goodness for Amazon.  They have a great return policy that is easy and uncomplicated.  Now I would never buy another phone on line since I would not be able to make sure it worked.  I have bought many other things atAmazon and have always been happy with all of the items I have purchased.  Until now

This phone has a really nice quallity camera, the battery lasts pretty long, and it reacts and loads really quickly! When using apps and you tube it heats up though.

Only work on USA CDMA networks.  It can be used out of USA Dont have a SLIM SLOT CARD  ///// no puede ser usado en otros paises viene bloqueado y no tiene ranura para tarjeta SIM

Phone came in new packaging, and works well as a BB replacement. Exchange sync works well. Some minor issues with FB calendar integration but workaround are a quick search away.I ended up switching my phone on my verizon acct temporarily to allow the phone to activate, and after that I switched back to my original phone and now use this exclusively as a music player. With the Spotify app, it's brilliant. And I usually keep it on airplane mode, which saves a lot of battery.

Had a pageplus account for my son and his old phone died.  Bought this, called pageplus and they switched it over no problem (had the ESN, etc like the "most helpful" reviewer said).  One thing - if you don't have a data plan, TURN OFF DATA RIGHT AWAY (it is really easy to turn off data - you do it through the phone app - google it).  My son went through about $20 of data in 2-days just from the constant backing up with Palm.  Now he just has access to data over wifi (which is more than he had with his old phone anyway).Now two of my son's have these phones - I really like these phones for cheap PagePlus accounts.

I ordered this phone and i received it broken, and not working. The phone itself does not accept service and does not activate. I even went to the verizon store and they told me the phone was unfixable. horrible service, and not acceptable when you expect to buy something that works online.

I ordered this phone for a friend that was really wanting a new phone. I was extremely iffy because there were a lot of bad reviews but i decided to get it because there were waaaaayyyyy more good reviews than bad..so anyways, it came 2 days early! packaged very nice with all the inforamtion included..he programmed it to page plus and has loved the service. very fast internet, clear videos no buffering!!!...and its a nice phone. Make sure you do get a cover with  it because it is really light and probably couldnt handle too many unprotected falls. Overall, 5 stars from us...love the phone and the low price!!!

slow phone  contacots  jump  nerve  recking  no address  contacts  no sd card  slot  very bad  phone  waste ov time no good

Overall, the OS is ok.  However, I have some MAJOR complaints and dissatisfaction about the Bluetooth feature1.) the Bluetooth feature DO NOT support pairing with other device(phone) or computer.  WTH?  even my 2008 Window Mobile phone support it.2.) Bluetooth feature ONLY support pair with COMPATIBLE headset.[...]3.) the compatible headset list is very short.  my Kensington headset does not work, so are some of my newer motorola headset.  WTH.I guess, Windows Mobile's compatibility still better than webOS .BT transfer is such an useful tool, how can they let this feature slip away?  Also, I confirmed that with Palm tech support.  It is true for the Palm Pre 2 also!!Update: Ok. I also found out that you cannot delete downloaded or transfer file on the device itself.  You have to use USB cable to connect to computer, THEN delete the file!  There is no "window explorer" or anything similar to go the the proper file directory to delete the file.  WTH!?!!!  even BB and Windows mobile 5 and 6 can do it back in 2007.  Can Palm do any better?Update #2: Somehow my hotspot didn't work anymore.  The only thing that I hadn't done is hard-resting.  On the Backup menu, it stated that "Your data is backup automatically every day."  So, I took it that it really does that.  However, I am SO wrong about it.  It is NOT.  I hard reset per VZ representative instructed.  Yes, I got the hotspot working again.  However, the data is not backed up!!  I am talking just the contact info, not even the memo and txt.  And the phone becomes not as responsive and sometimes freeze after this hard reset.  horrible.Update #3:  After using the phone for 6 months now, I realize the battery life starts to give.  I am a very light phone and internet user, may be only get online for 15-30 min, and talk 30-45 min per day.  The battery will last only 8-12 hours, sometimes even less.  When it was new, it was at least 12 to 18 hours.Update #4:  This is the 7th month of experience.  The phone has become very laggy and even "temporary freeze" randomly.  The message "too many cards have been open" become more frequent.  I have to do restart the phone every time.  Another thing is that I think the is a "bug" when receiving CJK txt messages.  First, the phone doesn't support CJK (Chinese Japanes Korean) language on TXT meg.  However, view CJK web site has no problem.  Anyway, the main problem here is that, when any CJK txt message is reviewed.  The phone will randomly restart.  Until I delete those CJK message.  the restarting problem is cured.

I have had this cell phone for 6 months now and since then the back cover has fallen off and will not attach properly, the cell phone takes extremely too long to turn on, and it turns off on its own. This phone is really frustrating and I would advise against it.

The screen on the phone went dark after just 10 days.. very unhappy with this so-called deal.. I transferred all my contacts, then when the screen goes dark, you are screwed, and the only way to get all my info is to buy another palm!! This is the second one I bought since April, and from 2 seperate retailers, thinking it was a good deal, and that I must've been unlucky the first time. But now I am sure this phone is bpogus, or else there are a lot of bogus versions being sold to fools like me looking for a good deal. Buying this phone cost me so muchmore than I saved orginally in lost business time, (:o) lost contacts, etc etc etcDONT BUY THIS PHONE!!

The palm pixi was a good phone for the price. bought it for about $40 and it works very well. Its fairly easy to use and has pretty good features for a cheap phone.

I gave it 3 stars cause I didn't realize my slacker radio would be diff, youtube is diff, and instagram isn't even on here. The package was on time, great delivery I'm pationtly waiting for a new update to webOS so those things will change I hope!

I had this phone for six months before it just completely fell apart.  If you purchase one don't plan on it working for a long time.I must admit, I am not easy on phones.

Great phone. Very simplified.  Came in just in time perfect as a secondary phone when you lose a phone.  The cost was affordable.

I've had this phone for about a month, and already the battery dies within a day on standby! I only use about 10 mins of talk time per day, if that, and very brief data use. Sometimes when I'm in the middle of reading an email the screen just goes dark from being sapped of battery charge while using it.Also a few times the desktop (main screen) has mysteriously been coming up backwards and upside down, which I'm assuming is a malfunction of the screen orientation gizmo inside (you know when you turn the phone horizontal or vertical the screen orients itself so you can view it? Well sometimes my screen can only be read in front of a mirror! And I turn it every which way and nothing changes it except just letting it sit for a while)Because I'm low income this was the only smart phone I could afford (I'm also doing the Page Plus Talk 1200 deal which rocks btw! Very easy to set up this phone with them). Someday I'll actually buy an android or something but this will have to do for now!

This is a fantastic smartphone to use with Page Plus Cellular.Get the $30/mo plan.  1200 minutes, 1200 texts, and 100MB of data each month.It activates without a problem, and everything works out of the box (except VZ navigator).I docked 1 star just because it's kind of slow, and crashes if you push it real hard.  I don't know how good the camera is because I don't care.

I thought the product I bought was new.  The phone has problems staying on, it will not keep the screen on to make calls, end calls and check status of text.  I have keep hitting the on/off button,

Estimados AmigosBasado en lo que indica ser GSM y las bandas con las que trabaja compre este telefono para usarlo en Ecuador, pero garrafal error pues no tiene ranura de SIM CARD , lo cual me deja sin poderlo usar y lo peor que ni siquiera lo puedes prender o activar con lo cual podria usarlo como camara, mp4 , gps o cualquier otra cosa, bote mi dinero a la calle, alguien sabe como arrancarlo siquiera como para por lo menos usarlo en algo!!!

I just got the Palm Pixie Plus.I ordered from Holly Cellular and it came in a brand new unopened box as promised.I am coming from a flip phone with no data.I like it!Good-The keys light up in the dark!It makes little noises when you get a text that are not annoying.You can get wifi-and it seems to work great in my house.The keys are small-but it is easy to text.The screen is bright crisp and receptive to the touch.Cheap-if it breaks (which they all do) I won't cry.If it lasts a year I got my moneys worth.Bad-For a novice user there is a learning curve.I dont like that it is hard to navigate to text.Its hard to plug in and out of charger.It has a small keyboard (but at least it has one)Conclusion-Yes-you can get a better phone for more money.No-I don't want to spend more money!Good Luck!

its a cheap phonebut if you just want to call and smsyou have extra, internetits very fast in the web

Honestly, this phone annoyed me almost the entire time I had it. Thanks to buggy software and inadequate hardware, it ended up being the phone that I replaced the quickest out of any other phone I've owned. After only 2 months, the back sleeve peeled off. It made the phone look horribly cheap. I was constantly having problems getting the thing to send texts correctly, I could never delete text threads, and it was slow and laggy a lot. It also seemed to have some sort of problem receiving phone calls at times.All in all, it was okay as a cheap replacement phone, but I would never pay more than $40 for this or recommend it to anybody else for use.

This phone is such a hassle for me that I am quite burnt out.  Not a lot of applications that are useable.  Things are hard to figure out, and lots of defects I have noticed.  With that said, I like the built in 8gb memory.  Now I know why Verizon cancelled selling of this phone soon after release.  Not a user friendly phone.

the main issue with this is the sound, it doesnt matter if you have the mute on or off, you sit it on the table the sound mutes you tap it on the back the sound comes back, yet after this i got a replacement and it died in 2 days

Received it. Activated it with Pageplus. Had to make Palm profile. So far, so good. It went to a screen that said updating OS was mandatory. Would not allow me to leave that screen to select wifi. It then promptly used up all of my 3G bandwidth that I had purchased. (20 MB) It then had the screen locked to a message saying that it was waiting for a connection. I contacted Pageplus and purchased more another 50 MB and it continued and installed the update. (27 MB) Now it locked the screen to a message that it was looking for updates and used the remaining available data without freeing the screen. Had to purchase more data from Pageplus. The screen never unlocked, the device was unusable except for emergency calls. No incoming calls or texts could be received. HP support suggested reloading the OS using WebOSDoctor and my PC. I declined and returned the phone. I spent $32 dollars so far with Pageplus.I bought another one and had the same problems,but this time reloaded the os with WebOSDoctor. Now it works.

The Phone is great but the A to Z shop is not. The first time they sent me a new phone with all  the accessories. For my second order, they sent a phone with a bad battery a missing manual and fancy orange strips ( I love those strips , they give me a joy to open the box).  This phone available from many vendors at Amazon, but when you select one of them it always go to the OEM shop. So, I think it may be the same vendor using multiple name and prices.I use this phone on Page plus with no difficulty.  If you compare it to the  iPhone, the browser is slow and the screen is small. There are not as many apps available as iPhone has.  But looking at the price, this is a great deal. The phone is small and light. I use this phone just to make a phone calls and surf the internet using wi-fi.Make sure to switch off the data plan on your carrier and on this phone by following these instructions.Click on the Phone dialer icon-> Upper left corner down arrow -Verizon Wireless ->Preferences ->  Data Usage -> Turn OFF

Problems with this phone since day 1. By week 3 the screen went completely blank and could not use the phone at all! I am returning it for a refund.

Phone arrived with test firmware and an unusable micro USB cable.  Vendor replaced the cable and I flashed the phone.  This is far beyond what an ordinary user would want to do.  It should come with regular firmware installed, and I presume most units shipped do.  Took some doing to figure out how to get and use the web doctor and stuff in order to flash.After getting WebOS (Linux) installed, then came the chores of getting it activated.  First I tried to swap it in to a regular Verizon prepaid account.  No cigar:  They require something more expensive than the $1.99 daily plan that I use.  Failing that, I proceeded to swap it in to Page Plus.  That worked just fine.  Finally after getting all that done and following instructions (make emergency call, erase 911, put in activation code) we got to setup a Palm profile.  Also installed preware and somehow got Gowalla on it.Good points:This is like a little iPhone, with 1/4 the screen on a real one.Wifi works wellAirplane mode keeps it off cell network but on wifiNice mail tool, tested with gmail and hotmailReasonably usable browserUsable music playerGowalla works (translate: working GPS)Hundreds of apps including streaming radioPossibly the most open Linux on a phoneBad points:No luck getting Opera mobile or mini on itHaving to zoom in/out for web pages is painfulMicro USB jack is a painTakes too much data if you let itFinger actions have a learning curve -- read the manual!Since I refuse to pay Verizon's price for data, using the phone on Page Plus is definitely the way to go, but taking it out and letting gowalla run is going to cost you.  Unless/until they have better data pricing on regular prepaid, this thing is just staying at home on wifi.  It has to be the slickest phone/toy I have seen for under 60 bucks.

This phone has been amazing! I had an iPhone 4 for about 6 months, and was satisfied with it, but not all that happy. It didn't really live up to all of the hype. This phone, on the other hand, has been working perfectly. This is the second Palm based phone that I have owned, and I have loved them both. When the phone first arrived, it was smaller than what I had thought it was going to be. This really wasn't a disappointment though. It is a little smaller than an iPhone 4, and lighter as well.Pro's.-The battery life lasts about a full day with moderate use (light internet browsing and app downloading, heavy calling, moderate texting)-The screen resolution is sharp and clear. Text is easy to read and colors are vibrant.-Keys on the keyboard are very easy to use, and are spaced relatively far apart.-Excellent 3G signal strength (Verizon Network).-Phone is very easy to navigate around, and changing from one app to another is very simple.-Handles multi-tasking very well.-Plenty of internal memory.-Camera is average, takes fairly decent pictures.-Very lightweight and virtually unnoticeable in pocket.-Internet browser is very fast, and loads virtually every page correctly.-Effortless set-up of E-mail accounts; E-mail platform is very reliable.-Phone has fast software and everything opens and loads very quickly.-Very responsive.-Gesture area is very convenient and works with no problems.-Convenient vibrate only switch-Comes with very useful software such as a PDF Viewer and Document viewer which allows opening of Microsoft word attachments from E-mail's.Cons:-Smaller screen than an iPhone (not really a big deal as clarity is impeccable).-Takes a long time to power on and re-start.-No SD Card slot.-No Auto Correct while text messaging-App Catalogue is somewhat lacking when compared to Apple or Android.-Battery Cover is hard to remove.Overall I highly recommend this phone. As you can see, the Pro's outweigh the Con's. The battery cover may be hard to remove, but it is actually very handy because the battery cover covers the back and sides of the phone, which eliminates the need for a phone case because battery covers are only around 5$ on Amazon. The phone comes with mainly useful software, eliminating the need to delete a ton of unnecessary App's upon purchase. Another cool feature for this phone is that you can order (for a total of around $10.00 on Amazon)a special battery cover and charging dock, both made by touchstone that offer truly wireless charging. You simply remove your current battery cover, place on the new one, plug in the dock, and set your phone on it to charge. Changing from one App to another is a snap, and closing app's to save battery life is also very easy. Simply flick the app upwards and it "flies" off the screen and instantly closes the app.

I can not believe how high smartphone plans are!! I would have to pay $120 just to acctivate it!!!but you would really like the phone if you have the money for it. it has Good touch screen. (:

I bought this phone for my duaghter to replace her blackberry ( she had 8 of them in about a year and a half)nugh said....She really likes it. My son recommended it because it will do everything that her blackberry will do but better. And he loves his. So far it has been very good. I haven't heard any complaints.

This product was very good and was delivered in great condition. However, I wanted to purchase a phone that was not a smart phone. The seller did not mention it was a smart phone so i bought it but I was not able to activate it. That is why I'm giving this item a 4/5

Its worth a lot more the money you spend on it. It has GPS, WiFi, 3G, multi-touch screen, a gesture area, alarm clock. The multi-tasking also works pretty neatly on web-OS. I simply love the phone.The phone is for starters who do not want to spend to much money on a smart-phone but still do want to check their e-mails, do simple web-browsing and stuff.Pros:1. Cheap phone but does not look cheap.2. Easy multi-tasking3. Good battery life (need to charge once a day with 3G switched on the entire day and around 4 hours of talk)4. Has a notification light so I need to unlock my phone to check if I had missed calls or emails etc. A big plus for me.4. Has free apps for youtube, facebook, weather, etc.Cons (minor):1. Feels a little slow sometimes2. The app market is not as extensive as that for iOS or andriod.3. has bing maps but the icon says google maps. bing maps is not bad but i would prefer google maps.All in all a very good phone for daily use for the price mentioned.

the touch keys were too small.........I would not be able to text very well,wiythout a lot of mistakes do to hitting the wrong key...

This was the cheapest phone I could find to use on a prepaid plan with PagePlus (which uses the Verizon network). It works well and gets good reception. WebOS is responsive and easy to learn. My only major disappointment is the battery runs down in under 48 hours on standby (with WiFi and Bluetooth turned off and data services disabled). Maybe it's because mine is a refurbished unit?

This is a great intro-smartphone and it's inexpensive too.  While maybe not as easy to use as a qwerty, the keyboard is not difficult.  Main downside has been that HP (who purchased Palm) no longer supports the WebOS on this phone, so getting apps to work was a chore and required a bit of tech-savy combined with forum guidance from power users.  Camera is not up to modern standards either, so don't buy it expecting great pics.  Clear phone calls, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, gps, texting, and sync to Google accounts all work great.  I was not looking for a feature rich modern smartphone, but wanted a bit of an upgrade from my candy-bar phone.  No problems getting established with Page Plus Cellular!

Purchased a Palm Pixi Plus from The OEM Shop / A to Z Wireless Solutions (not sure why they go by two different names on Amazon).  After about one month, the audio no longer worked on my Palm Pixi Plus.  I contacted Palm/HP chat help and they diagnosed that it was a hardware issue with the device not detecting the toggling up and down of the right-side audio switch.  Palm/HP stated that the device was still under warranty so I could go through that process, but since it had been such a short time since purchase, I decided to return to Amazon.  I contacted Amazon on chat and this was no problem to return it for a full refund.  I did not see anywhere any contact information for this third-party seller (in comparison, I can find contact information with other third-party sellers just fine) so I believe they have chosen to have Amazon take care of all contact.  I purchased a second device to replace the defective one.  Once second device was received, I entered ##786# (as another reviewer suggested) on the phone and saw that it was indeed a new device.I use this Palm Pixi Plus with Page Plus, but I go through a master dealer called Kitty Wireless.  Kitty Wireless gives much better customer service versus going with Page Plus directly and it is the same pricing plans.  There's helpful directions on how to easily setup the Palm Pixi Plus with Kitty Wireless on their website.

1. Activate with Verizon so you have a phone number2. Immediately call pageplus and port-in the phone number Verizon assignedI bought this phone really hoping to use it with Page Plus. I originally tried to activate it with them fresh out of the box. I was told the device was not compatible.Verizon locks the phone and forces you to activate with them. I tried talking to Verizon about getting around this and was told by multiple representatives that the only way to use the device was if I activated it with them. The cheapest plan Verizon was offering me with this device would cost me $55 monthly.After calling Verizon multiple times I was connected with a kind lady in technical support who was really trying everything she could to help me avoid the activation process. She advised that I needed to get a phone number before she or anyone could do any over the air programming.I then called Verizon, set up service without a contract, and was told at the end of the month I would receive a bill of $55.Immediately after I received my phone number I called pageplus letting them know I wanted to port-in a number. I ported in my phone number from Verizon and now the phone works on pageplus.

I received my Palm Pixi on the exact day they said it would come. I just love my phone it is amazing. It can do so many things. I've had it for five days and am still discovering new things on it. I can't believe the free apps that are available for this phone. The graphics are great an the screen view is amazing. i love being able to just touch the screen to get the phone to respond to what you need it to do. It was really easy to set up all I had to do was turn it on and it set it's self up. I would refer this phone to anyone but especially women due to it's lightwieght. The price on amazon was incrediable I searched in town for several weeks and couldn't come up with a deal any where near that great. I also just recently went back on amazon and order some extra itemss for my phone for a really good deal. If I were to ever have to replace my phone again I would definetly go back with the Palm Pixi.

Need to already have a Verizon contract with internet, but if you do, this is a great cheap phone to use until you can get a droid or something.  Just be sure to watch out for the "free" wifi hotspot that comes included but can add a lot of $$ to your internet bill.  Check with Verizon before using.  Even without that, though, phone works great for less than $50.

I love, love, love my Palm Pre Pixi!  I had a Palm Pre Plus, which was nice, but it broke literally in half when I dropped it.  I had to look for a replacement, and ran across this incredible deal!  I was a little scared when I ordered, because I had ordered a Palm Plus from ebay, and it never worked right.  However, this little phone does everything my Palm Plus did, without the problems!  I love it!  It is so tiny and lightweight, has a nice, bright screen, is easy to use, and is fun to send texts.  It does use energy very quickly, but I also bought a charging dock and a car charger.  My 13 year old son was so impressed with it that he wants one for his birthday...so, I ordered another today!  If you want a smartphone at an extremely reasonable price, but this Palm Pre Pixi!

So this device looks very interesting but I have some questions before I spend the money.1. This is a "WiFi" and CDMA cell phone. If I do not have a SIM card or cell service can I use it as a WiFi phone only?2. If using as a WiFi phone do I need to use a service like Google Voice or Magic Jack (works?) with it before it will function?3. If using both WiFi and cell service is my phone number the same or would I have two separate numbers for cell and WiFi phones?Thinking that this would be a great inexpensive phone that can be used infrequently in hotspot areas and have cell service as a backup for emergencies.Thanks!

This phone is great, i use it everyday. really easy to use and light. i love the fact that it has pandora and slacker radio. The battery lasts so long and i use it for listening to music and checking email. its pretty speedy. For ~50 its a steal even if you wanna just use it as an mp3 player. I love making calls on it as its light so i wont strain my arms. and the keyboard works great. If you are considering getting this phone, just an fyi you need to have data so you can get past the web os account screen. i would say to activate it under pageplus, search kitywireless for a step by step guide to setting up your phone. but yeah great phone, im loving it.

This phone should be destroyed and not made for public use. It's something I would give a child to play with once the battery has been removed.

This phone has great battery life; during infrequent use it has lasted up to three days on one charge. The charger cable that came with it is sturdy, and hasn't begun to fray in any way since I started using it 4-6 months ago.

I used to love this phone for its small form factor and physical keyboard, but I have had so many problems with it. I had it replaced at least 2-3 times in a 2 year period, and the last time, the screen cracked less than a week in for no apparent reason.

I purchased Palm Pixi Plus thru The OEM Shop on May 6, 2011. It was shipped fast, received it on May 11th.  It arrived in plain white box with no manual. Upon inspecting the phone, I notice back battery door cover is missing and numerous scratches in battery bay. I had a feeling it was used.  I powered up the phone then enter ##767# and indeed confirmed it was a refurbished phone.  Nowhere in their ad on Amazon did they mention they're selling me a used phone. And their About page even says "All of our merchandise is new and never used".  Yeah right, this guys are crooks. Selling USED items advertised as NEW.  DO NOT BUY FROM OEM SHOP!!!

My girlfriend is in her 60's and has struggled with both Blackberry and Android phones. At first glance, one might think that the Palm Pixi Plus would be a bad choice for an older person because it is so small and light, and the keys are so small. HOWEVER, the keys are very easy to hit with your fingernails, and since they are very elevated there is little risk of hitting the wrong key. PLUS the layout on the home screen is very nicely simple and straightforward. Very friendly to the technically challenged. This is the first phone she has actually liked in several years.Secondly, the phone is SO affordable. Since her current Blackberry phone is under contract for more than an additional year, what a great option!Two thumbs up!

The Palm Pixi Plus arrived earlier than expected and is exactly what they claim.  Would continue to purchase products from this vendor.

Great Phone, Works great on the Page Plus network.the price could not be beat. One of the best phones I haveever owned.

Oakland Wireless answered my pre-purchase questions VERY quickly, reassuring me the phone could be activated on PagePlus.  They shipped the phone quickly, as well.Although I had some initial problems with activation (my PagePlus account's data option needed tweaking), the phone has worked quite well since then.WiFi connection to my LAN is excellentVerizon signal strength varies, but is quite good when outside.Hewlett Packard (the current owner of Palm) still maintains their App site, and there are several 3rd party sources for apps.Although Android seems to be the current favorite operating system for smartphones, the webOS operating system is in the process of being released for open source development, so webOS may not be completely moribund.I'd recommend this very inexpensive smartphone for folks who want an entry level smartphone that works pretty well.

This phone is a great starter Smartphone. There are not as much supported material, however. So, if your goal is to go crazy with applications, you may be disappointed.

I order 2 of these phones and neither one worked.  The first one did not work right out of the box, they were to send a replacement which never happened.  The second phone quite working within 4 days and have yet to receive a refund for the second phone.  I would not recommend this phone for anyone.

I like the palm phones. I just wish this was a little easier to load contact information.Also the battery does not hold charge as long as other phone. Must be recharged each night.

It was a pointless buy that I had to return. If you don't have a Palm account before getting this phone, don't buy it. Palm is not I'm business anymore so you can't make the account that is required to even use the phone.

I had this phone for two months and it been treating me great. However, there are a few issues I have with this phone.1.The phone gets hot when you are on the web, listening to music or on the phone too long instantly.2.It doesn't have adobe reader to play games online on facebook.3. Can't get on to facebook.( It's crazy I can use the web without any problems but facebook is the main issue.In overall, this phone is great for verizon customers who are not on a plan anymore and a great price for this phone. However,if you a person that needs abode reader for maps, games and etc, this phone is not for you.Now I looking into finding a different phone that have abode reader.

If you are having trouble getting the App Catalog to install don't give up!  It took me at least 1 day and many attempts but I did get it download and install.  Go through the date change steps outlined in other reviews and with persistence I'm confident it will eventually work for you.  You may have to go back and forth on the date a few times.  Also try July 19 instead of July 1, 2013.  Since I've been able to update the app catalog I've downloaded several apps with no problem.For the price this phone is a bargain.  Combined with the Tracfone BYOP program it's beyond worth it.  A smart phone for less than $10 a month?Since I've never owned a true smartphone, Samsung or iPhone, the Pixi is an upgrade from my Samsung 390 no doubt, so I will not have complaints about apps or the app store selection.  To me they are great.*Easily connected to my gmail account.*I added my contacts from my previous Samsung by emailing them to the Pixi.*The wifi set up was seamless and works great both at my office and at home.  Since I am on Tracfone this is great as I don't use any minutes for internet connections while using wifi.*Battery life seems marginal.  I've been doing lots of changing, adding, setting up and it has drained fast.  Not sure how it will respond with just texting/calling.*Call quality is acceptable but I'm not a fan of talking on any cell phone, I think they are all bad.  :D*The bluetooth is only for connecting to an audio device, it's not for connecting another device for exchanging data, etc.*The camera is awful.  Do not buy this if you want quality pictures from a phone.*Still waiting and hoping the google maps update will work, so far I'm just getting the exclamation point.*You cannot run a lot of apps at once.I've only been using the phone for a couple of days and this is just my initial reaction.  I mostly wanted to tell anyone who has not been able to get the app certificate to update to be patient and keep trying.Edited to add:  Maps did update in less than 24 hrs.  They are Bing maps, not google.  So far I am 100% for apps updating even if they do it immediately.

Bought this for my son. I'm not crazy about the nameBut it's very cool and easy to use. I would recommend a cover just to be safe

in fact ,i dont need a phone which use cdma networkbut i buy it , so ......

After purchasing this device, i had already bought a 50 dollar Verizon refill card. When activating this phone i was not told that this phone would cost me 80.00 a month for service. On January 21, when it was time to refill the monthly plan, I had to pay $80.00 . I wished i would have never purchased this phone now because for that price i may could have connected service with another carrier at a cheaper price.

I first ordered this phone with BLUTEKUSA.COM INC; however, they sent me a phone that did not work. When you turned it on it would not go past the Palm logo. I had to return it. I decided to give the phone another chance, so I tried it out with the OEM Shop. This phone I received worked great. I just received it and am enjoying trying to figure it out. Playing with this one I realize that even though the box said Pixi Plus [and everything else on my order did too] I actually received a Pre. Blutekusa is not a company is plan on using ever again. Also, the one from OEM is great. If you're used to a touch screen with many widgets and an end key to easily cancel out, it will take some practice to get used to its design. There is no SD slot either. That bummed me out but I'm making due with my laptop and e-mail. Overall so far a pretty good phone, I like the Amazon music player.

Big fingers? Long fingernails? Poor eyesight? Then this phone is not for you. But it'll fit in your pocket nicely if need be. It can get lost easily...but it's sturdy. It's a touch screen type of phone with a sensitive screen so be careful. I'm going to write to the company. Maybe they can tell me how to keep that touch screen from acting when you don't want it to act. Back is coated in rubber. I like that. It doesn't have a very loud ring. Even at full volume. If you were intending to buy a phone for your pre-teen then this would be just right! I'm a 51 year old woman with small fingers and poor eyesight. I bought it for myself. I got used to the small buttons and I memorized the characters, numbers and letters ON the buttons so I could deal easily with things...its pros outweigh its cons. It cost me about 40 bucks. I'll tell you, I don't like smart phones in general. The other thing, that I almost forgot to mention, is that the battery life is horrible. On standby, this phone will last about 6 hours. Then the battery power starts to fade. It seems to drop 10 percent of the battery with every three short phone calls. Be prepared to charge it twice a day.I don't think I've written a totally negative review of anything I bought on Amazon. This is a nice little phone but it has it's drawbacks.

My experience with this Palm Pixi has been rather positive after a year now. Viewing its features and its failures through the lense of its very low price, I give it five stars.  If it cost 10 times as much as many smart phones do, my affection would be more limited.  It is not without problems, but they are manageable. I feel I got more than I paid for.  I like how small it is, and it's easy to hold; I've never dropped it.  It looks good. Feels well made too.The WiFi feature works well for me, since both my home and workplace have WiFi. Thus I rarely need to use over-the-air data. Getting email on the Pixi is therefore convenient almost anytime for essentially free.The telephone app works well enough when I don't accidentally dial a number when simply attempting to view those calls I've missed. No one complains about the audio quality they hear, nor would I.  With monthly service plans of as low as 2.50/mo. or 12.00/mo. at Kitty Wireless/Page Plus, this smart phone is even more affordable.  Incredibly affordable for as low as $30/year! I imagine this phone would serve well for limited purposes for kids who didn't text very much.Watching YouTube videos on the Pixi is very easy.  The Pixi's little speaker inside is loud enough to be clearly heard. Thus the Pixi is even useful for playing music with apps such as Pandora or "Slacker Radio" or "TuneIn by Radio Time" or "Internet Radio." The Pixi earphones are also pleasant sounding even if not very comfortable; maybe you need bigger earlobes?I like the GPS apps too such as Mapping Tool (Pro) which allows saving aerial photo base maps to the Pixi's memory and from then on not needing WiFi or over-the-air access to locate the position and drawing a track during travels. These other apps are fine too:  BFG Maps, Trip Advisor and "Where's My Car."  On the other hand I hate the HP Maps/Bing app that requires downloading and reinstallation every time; what was HP thinking when it dumped this poor excuse for a map app on us? Well, even Apple's iPhone 5 has a bad gps mapping problem. Fortunately we have other partial choices if we don't want to download the native mapping app that HP switched us to. For most travels, I still use my Tom Tom GPS.My only problem with Angry Birds Lite is that it is somewhat addicting. But there are times a few minutes with it are delightful.I've had to replace two Touchstone-adapter backs due to delamination problems that are annoying and can't easily be remedied by any glue I tried. But that's a small price to pay since replacement back covers are affordable.  The Touchstone wireless chargers are very cool, instant and easy to use.  I bought more than one so they're convenient and I never run out of power each day.Yes, the Pixi is slow. And it needs to be turned off and back on every few days to prevent it from complaining that there are too many apps open at once, even when only one is open. That's easy enough to do though.  And the keyboard is a delight for something so small.  So, one year later and I'm still happy with this phone.

I lost my Droid Incredible and didn't want to fork out a lot of money to get a replacement, so I purchased the Palm Pixi Plus.When I first turned it on, I immediately noticed a broken pixel. For the most part it doesn't bother me. I only notice it if the background on the screen is black, against light colors it is not noticeable.Pro: When I activated the Pixi on my Verizon account I noticed that I got the Wifi Hotspot free (up to 5GB). I chatted w/a VZW rep prior to purchasing this phone and they told me I would not get the free Wifi Hotspot if I activatd the Palm Pixi Plus, but I think because of the unlimited data I have, it made the difference.Con: The keyboard keys are very small. My small girly fingers still have trouble sometimes when doing a lot of typing. You can install a virual keyboard but the screen on this phone is so small that the vitual keyboad takes up half the screen, and doesn't leave much room to see what you are typing out.The apps available through Palm are lame. I miss all the apps I was able to get from the Android Market :(The battery life is ok. If I use my phone to listen to a lot of music or if I use the Wifi Hotspot, I notice it drains the battery. I have to charge it by 5pm if I've been using it throught out the day. If I use it only for a few calls and a lot of messaging, then I can get by the whole day and only have to charge it at night before I go to bed.Overall this is an ok phone. For me, I would prefer something that runs on the Android system as I love to use so many apps and browse the web and text. But for someone who doesn't do much besides call & text and maybe some light web surfing then this phone will work great.

Ordered over the weekend, and it arrived 2 days earlier than anticipated!Being a new Palm user I was a bit overwhelmed with it when I first started using it.  But, with practice and reading the "online PDF" guide (or from your phone), it makes the learning curve a bit quicker.I like the fact that when it is in my handbag the screen locks and in order to use it you have to push the "power" button.  My previous phones would become unlocked in my handbag and dial up someone on the phone for a conversation!!!  With this one, I don't have to worry about it.The Seller was great in communicating with me.  I sent a e-mail request asking if the phone was new or a refurb, and they replied promptly that it was new!  Thanks :)I am "in practice" on the screen "gesturing" with my little fingers, but with each time it get's easier.The "only" negative thing I can say about the phone would be that when your "Powering up" for the first time, it seems to take a long time.  It took nearly 3 minutes to power on and get to the main screen.***** Stars on a nice little Pixi Smarthone! :cooool:

the keyboard is too small, I can't connect to the internet, I can't get it register, can I return it for another phone?

I have not have a problem with this phone no glitches or anything. The lack of apps bugs me sometimes but other then that its a very good phone!

First phone had water damage. Sent me a replacement only to find out it was a smartphone when it was advertised as a normal phone. Had to send them both back and daughter went 4 wks without a phone.

It is a nice phone. The battery sucks. I bought two phones within a week. Both batteries died within two weeks. Called for replacements. Replacement batteries worked ok so far, but will not hold power for long. I also bought some batteries separately. All are not as good as they promised. I am not a heavy phone user. Just check email and talk like 20 min a day.

You can't beat this phone for $38 bucks... It is my first smartphone & I am pretty impressed...I purchased this phone to move from Verizon to page plus via kitty wireless...Knocked my bill down to $29.95 from $65 a month and I have more mins, msgs, & data than I can use in a month...Service is great!  Good thing about this phone is you can leave WIFI on all the time & I only turn on the DATA when I need it...The only thing about this phone I don't like is deleting emails...You have to delete 1 at a time by sliding it off the screen....I did figure out that you can cancel the email acct which will delete all the emails & then just add it back...I decided I didn't want any emails on my phone anyway...

Excellent brand new phone for a very low price. It is great on the go and it has the wifi hot spot application that helps me to surf the web anywhere at anytime.

The phone was delivered on the day I was promised and cosmetically its in great condition. The issue I have is that even with a full battery, the phone just cuts off. This problem is very inconvenient especially in the middle of a conversation or sending a message.

Seem a good product for the price. BUT, I returned it because as soon as I received the product and tried to acticate or switch it with my existing phone, Verizone will not allow you to used your old voice plan because VERIZON want's you to get a data plan. EVEN THOUGH YOU ARE NOT WANTING TO USED THEIR DATA PLAN.To Sellers = Please indicate at prompt that the item is a SMARTPHONE and will require a data plan.To Purchasers = If you have buy a Smartphone and you only have a voice plan, Verizon will asked you to Pay their $20 DATA PLAN even though you  are not going to used it. That's like $240 a year down to the companies profit and you are not even going to used it.You don't even have the option to use a smartphone for a PAY AS YOU GO. Why would you get a data plan, if you are not going to use it most of the time. That's why you have a WIFI included on the phone so you can connect to a free hotspot.

I am so happy with this little phone. It was easy to set up with PagePlus using kittywireless.com! They have a whole page dedicated to helping people set up this phone. I trnsfered my old PagePlus cell number using kittywireless.com's ESN change page and they did it for me over the internet for only 6.99.  I love my phone so much!!!!!

Pros:-Great Design-Small and Compact-Nice Easy to use Qwerty Keypad-Decent screen Resolution for the size of the screen-WebOS easy to use-Decent battery life (still have to charge everyday)-No typing delay when speed typing on the keypadCons:-Inconsistent Call Quality; sometimes it's clear sometimes its not.-Very Noticeable and significant delay when opening apps including checking messages.  Unless you keep the messaging app open all the time, it takes about 3 seconds to load the app to view your sms.  When you leave too many apps open, your phone will freeze.-My pixi plus has frozen right after it received a missed call and voicemail.-Back cover made of a rubber-like material and scratches VERY easily.-Cannot save images from web browser.Conclusion:This smart phone can do anything you can do with other smart phones however, it will not do them very quickly.  Great phone for a smart phone user on a budget.  If you're paying close to $80 a month for internet and text messaging, you can probably afford a better phone.

I purchased this phone for my wife to replace her aging Palm Centro.  I really love the look and feel of the Pixi.  It's been out for quite awhile and I still think it looks better than many of the new phones on the market.  It has a rubbery back that feels good and keeps it from slipping out of your hand.  The keyboard is surprisingly good too.  It's about as good as my old blackberry and much better than the one on the Centro.  The WebOS operating system is beautiful and intuitive and the Pixi seems to be adequately powerful to run it smoothly.  The built in Wi-Fi is a very nice feature to have on a phone of this price.One word of caution, however.  My wife has used palm products for many years and she LOVES, LOVES the old Palm calendar.  The WebOS calendar on the Pixi is quite different and is missing some of the features she really liked, such as color-coded events.  If you are a fan of the older Palm phones and PDAs, you might be slightly disappointed with some of the changes to the calendar.  The Pixi calendar is functional, but not as powerful/flexible as the old one.For the price, though, you really can't go wrong with this phone.

I got this for 36 bucks!!!  Wanted a new phone with a good web browser and google maps without signing an expensive monthly contract.  This is it.  Touchscreen works great, keyboard too.  Instant messaging is super.  Camera takes pictures and videos.. plug into the computer with a USB cord and it pops up as a regular (8 GIG) USB drive where you can get all your stuff.  No problem loading pdfs... I even read a Word document on it that someone emailed me (I have my hotmail, gmail, and yahoo accounts all on it, effortless.  You can even zoom in/out with two fingers (like "other" phones.  I can even connect it to wifi at home.Took me a few days to learn the swipes, but the help videos are excellent.I recommend this with pageplus 1200 plan.. call pageplus and let them walk you through the setup - or follow the reviews here on amazon.

It's not specified clearly that is an item unable to work with sim card. so, now I'm living in Herat and I can't use it.

Palm Pixi Plus Verizon Cell Phone ~ No Contractservir&aacute; este tel&eacute;fono en centro am&eacute;rica? necesito saber si no hay que desbloquearlo?

This is my FAVORITE phone .&lt;3 People always complain over the keyboard , but i loooove it . Its perfect:D And its cheap , so that makes it even better . This phone is worth the money , anybody will be sure to love it . &lt;33 thank you amazon (:

Can't save contacts. Can't download apps. Absolutely the dumbest smart phone. The only thing involving the internet it does is get email.

Was so excited to receive my new phone, imagine my disappointment when I called Verizon to get it activated and they told me it couldn't be done because it was already assigned to another phone number. The description of the phone that I purchase was "NEW", it doesn't seem that is the case. In contacting Amazon they were very helpful, unfortunately the only thing they could do as a third party vendor is issue me a return label.I am trying with the same phone again, I've re-ordered it with a different vendor and keeping my fingers crossed that it can be activated when I receive it. So stay tuned....Palm Pixi Plus Verizon Cell Phone ~ No Contract

The phone itself is bad all around... Bad operating system, bad for texting, bad browsing and media. But this is what happens when your other phone breaks...At least it calls out and receives calls..  Thankful to have a phone

Some people say this phone is a good entry-level smartphone. Its not the phone that makes it a lower level. It is palms app market. The phone is great. It works just like any other smartphone. Palm just doesnt have that many applications. If you are not into playing games on your phone, this is a great phone-- especially for the price.

I ordered this phone for my father (60yrs). Not old by any stretch of the imagination, but old school enough not to want a new android with all the bells and whistles. This phone works great, I did have to call tech support from verizon to activate the phone. All in all you cannot beat the price!

Bought this for my sister to use with PagePlus. For non-tech people like my sis, it has a somewhat bigger learning curve and the buttons are real close. But after 3 weeks my sis really enjoys the phone. At brand new at this price for a smart phone, I may be buying one for myself real soon.

UPDATE: Several reviews have noted that the magnet for the charger flap quickly comes unglued and makes charging awkward. I have now owned the phone for 9 months, and have zero problems with that.I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.I bought my palm pixi plus in July 2011.  I loved it so much I bought another one for my wife.  I have been a palm or handspring user since the early days.  There are many things I love about the palm pixi, and a few things I can't stand.  But overall, I think it's a great product.First, the catch: you should know that the reason it is so heavily discounted is that HP, which bought palm, recently announced it is getting out of the consumer electronics business altogether. But then the board sacked their CEO, and nobody really knows what the future of palm or webos will be, but it doesn't look bright.  That said, I would not hesitate to snap these up.The uncatch--like many reviewers have said, you don't have to be a Verizon customer or pay their enormous data plans to use this phone.  There are ways I understand people can activate it and use wifi with absolutely no cell phone plan.  I wanted some cell phone use, so I went to kittywireless.com and followed their instructions for activating it on the Pageplus network.  You can get a prepaid plan for as little as $30 a year, and it's still under 10 cents a minute.I bought this phone because my Palm Zire 31 was dying, and I was getting tired of carrying around a PDA and a cell phone.  I also wanted something with a camera, and I wanted to browse the internet and check my email using Wifi, and, in a pinch, using 3G.  I am not at all interested in paying for an unlocked iphone, and have zero interest in an iphone plan.  That leaves basically Android and webos.  Since the pixi plus costs a fraction of an Android device, I bought the pixi plus.  I will discuss the PIM, the OS, the phone, the camera, the web browsing, and the hardware.1. PIM. The PDA/PIM functionality is adequate, but disappointing.  I find it ironic that Palm's personal information management software has progressively gotten worse through the years.  The notepad application is pathetic, it takes several different clicks to add a new contact after making a call, it has no basic expense app, it doesn't have things that Handspring had years ago, like floating tasks (nor did the Zire), and it lacks a basic hotsync ability.  That said, there are workarounds for almost all of these issues.  Note-taking/journaling is one of the primary reasons I use a PDA.  I found the app store has plenty of good notepad replacements (including with sync, such as Noted with simplenotes for $2).  If you need syncing of contacts and calendar (I don't), it will sync to the cloud with things like google and yahoo, or with palm if you desire.  You can also pay something like $40 for the Missing Sync, which will allow you to sync to your computer and also allow you to run previous palm software.  I was tempted, but have chosen not to buy it.  There are plenty of expense programs for cheap.  And I am satisfied with the organic tasks app. I love the LDS Gospel Library.That said, it still lags far behind the Zire in this aspect.  I timed how long it takes me to pull up today's calendar events and then my current tasks on my zire 31 and on my palm pixi.  The Zire took 1.5 seconds, the pixi took 10.5 seconds.  Here's to progress. I also miss several of the free apps that have been developed over the years for previous palm platforms. The webos app store is good, but it's not what palm used to have, nor (to be fair) is it anything like Android or Apple's.2. Webos.  Overall, the webos experience is great. It feels very much like an apple iOS ripoff with a few extras, and works great. I have had it hang up twice in the last 3 months, but it resolved with a simple soft reset.  Every once in a while it will say that I have too many cards open when there is only one open, so it seems like there is some kind of glitch there, but it's not a big deal.3. Phone.  The phone works fine.  I am a bit disappointed at the software.  For instance, when scrolling through contacts to make a call, if you notice a contact that needs to be edited, it is very difficult to do that without accidentally calling the number. I made a number of accidental phone calls when I first bought the phone.  But I think I have got the hang of it now.4. Camera.  The camera is nothing to write home about, but it works fine.  It has a small LED flash that is basically worthless.  I think once it has actually improved the picture--usually it just washes it out.  The video camera is nice.  The camera loads up a bit slow, but the picture quality is pretty good for a 2MP.  I have really enjoyed having a camera in my pocket all the time.5. Web browsing and email.  The web browser is intuitive and easy to use.  You pinch to zoom out and so forth just like with apple.  The screen is a bit small if you like to do this all the time, but I personally prefer having the smaller form factor.  Email works beautifully. You can set it to sync with whatever email provider you have and how often to update, and it gives you little notifications of new email.6. Hardware. I LOVE the small form factor.  That is one of my favorite things about this device.  It is so small I can carry it everywhere and forget about it.  And the rubberized backing is clever.  I was a bit concerned about how small the keyboard was, since I have pretty big fingers and I do a lot of note typing, but I LOVE the external keyboard.  I rarely make a mistake, and it is so much faster than typing on my wife's old itouch.  The phone has a standard headphone jack, and music quality is great.  It has 8GB of storage, which is adequate, but I wish it had expansion SD cards.  It could use more RAM, but I just have to keep to a minimum how many apps I have open.  I like having a simple external switch for silencing the ringer.  The battery can be swapped out fairly easily (but not as easily as I would like, given the rubber backing), and they only cost $4!  Battery life is adequate, but by no means great.  On average use, I can go about 2 days on a single charge. My biggest gripe is you have to pry open a little plastic thing to insert the charging cable.  I don't know who thought of that, but it is ridiculous.  If you don't have a corner of a fingernail, I don't know how you could get it open.  Some people have said that after a while the little magnet on the plastic comes unglued and the flap just hangs out.  That hasn't happened to me (yet?).  If you fork out a few more bucks, you can get the touchstone charger.

I've owned all kinds of phones. I had to replace a stolen phone and thought I give this one a try. WebOS is an interesting system. I am impressed by the gesture bar and cards system. It's pretty intuitive and simple to use. I picked it up in a day. It has a decent phone, good email with Gmail integration. Screen is responsive and clear.WebOS doesn't have Google Voice, Google Docs, Google Navigation and many other apps. It does have Engadget, Facebook, Yelp, Evernote, Accuweather, and AP Mobile (among others).I think this is a great smartphone, particularly for the price. It offers a lot of functionality for the money. And you can get good plans on carriers like pagecellularplus for cheap voice/text/data plans to use.The 2 things I miss the most from my other phones is 1. Google Navigator for turn by turn GPS function 2. Home screen widget that displays my tasks, schedule, email, messages and time.

It only worked for me for a month then the phone which I purchased new blacked out and never came on again I thought it was the battery so I order a new one to find out that something was internally wrong with the phone it's a great phone but who ever sold it to me company sucks

Got it a few days before Christmas and it was broken. Verizon couldnt fix it or get it to turn on. Nothing. And I cant get a refund on it either.

This is a thin lightweight phone that has tons of features. The Pixi on a pageplus unlimited plan is for people like me who love gadgets and are impressed with the iphone's graphics and ease of use but find the whole deal out of budget.Pros:1 - looks great (I've gotten tons of compliments)2 - lightweight, fits anywhere (for us ladies who don't have a belt holster all the time that's a huge plus)3 - full keyboard (even if the keys are rather small)4 - ease of taking pictures/video and switching between the two (though higher resolution would be useful)Two complaints:1 - it takes just a bit too long to get moving and process "gestures". You have to make sure you see the screen "acknowledge" your touch and then wait just a wee bit longer than I'd think necessary.2 - this is something that i find annoying, though any touchscreen would probably be the same: if i forget to "lock" the screen, I can suddenly find my contacts messed up, or most frequently, airplane mode has enabled itself...Bottom line, if you love or could get used to a touchscreen phone, this model is a great option.

This is my first smartphone and I am pleased with this phone. I really only want a cell phone for talking and texting but the extras are nice to have. I am still learning about all the gadgets the phone has and what it can do, as I have only had it for about a month now. I have had absolutely no problems with it and would recommend it to anyone.

Good, sturdy phone. Could be better if it had a slot for a memory card for transferring contact information or provided a bluetooth protocol that allowed transfer of contacts & files. Since Hp WebOs has discontinued support of this phone, enjoy it the way it is. Delivery was on time.

I like it, it's the third one i've owned. I like that it is small, I like that I have free hot spot. It does not take to water very well! I love it!@pmf

I was happy with this purchase.  The phone came in the original box and everything was included.  Very happy with the vendor!

I read the reviews to find an economical smart phone.  The palm pixi plus is definitely a good solution.  I now have two of these and use prepaid service with Page Plus Cellular.  I will say that there is a steep learning curve.  I am new to palms and smartphones.  I had intended to just get a phone that would work for voice and text and would handle my calendar and contacts.  I was immediately swept into the many smartphone features offered with this device.  Hurtles that I surmounted with perseverance included: activation with page plus by calling their customer service rather than doing it all online; getting used to the sensitive touchscreen; thoroughly reading the online manual for the palm pixi plus; putting the phone on wifi and airplane mode while at home to reduce data costs; getting a touchstone and touchstone back cover for charging; and management of the USB connection.Know that this phone is extremely sensitive to any transmissions while plugged into a USB cable.  My phone would go bananas with the touchscreen looking like a carbonated beverage when I tried to plug it into a USB connection.  The work around is to eliminate transmissions as best you can when you want to plug in your palm.  I moved the wireless house phone handset away from the pc, turned off wifi and bluetooth connections at my pc, and turned off the wireless printer.  Then to use the USB connection, begin by turning off all connections on phone and putting it into airplane mode, plug small end of cable first then plug large end of cable into the pc while holding down three buttons on the palm: the white square, Sym, and &#34;u.&#34;  This will get you into USB mode on the palm so that you can transfer any files that you might desire.  To charge with the USB charger follow the same connection steps without pressing the buttons on the phone and find a quiet outlet.  If your screen starts showing &#34;touches&#34; everywhere, try another outlet.  It's trial and error but patience will prevail.  Charging in the car or on the touchstone eliminates this hassle.I know it sounds like a lot of trouble but I hope that it won't be for you because now that I know these things, I love the phone and am very happy that I didn't throw it in the backyard while I was trying to figure all of this out!

You cant use it until you activate it which means the cheapest plan is 74 bucks a mounth its not worth it i had to many problems activating it and i still cant use it because its demanding i make a palm profile to even use any feature on the phone and it wont give me a signal so i cant use it >:(

I was a little weary about ordering the phone at first. Just from reading reviews on other sellers made me have my doubts. But the phone came brand new in its original packaging and everything. I was very pleased. I would definitely buy from this seller again!

I bought this phone to use as an alarm clock. at 36 bucks, it was a better price then all of the "high end" alarm clocks out there, and it assumedly has a highly customizeable alarm.( the problem is that it CANNOT be used without activating a "palm account" via verizon's network)-READ UPDATE. You cant even get to the wifi options to do this via wifi. it really sucks. bad move palm- your products dont even satisfy MY needs- and all i need is an alarm clock!UPDATE- i looke through the other reviews- and i saw that theres an easy solution for this. im going to keep this phone and use it as shown in the reviews- awesome! thanks guys!

Buy this phone it's amazing. Small, light, and very multi-tasking! Thumbs up! If you are a busy person always on the move this is your phone!

description should tell all --- not Palm's best work -- freezes way too often -- says 8 gb memory but you get error message after error message saying toss cards too many apps open.  Battery good for 11 hours then dead, screen scratches easily and since its glass dont drop it from 2 feet or else.  Buttons stick and it hangs up on calls unless in bluetooth or hands free mode.  slow 3g -- poor reception --- way too small and sounds like your underwater and drowning on speakerphone.  There was no option for 1 & 1/2 stars so I gave it 2 but its not good at all.

I bought 2 of these from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings, and used them on Page Plus. These were my first "smart" phones. From the beginning we have had trouble with both of them. They will occasionally just start jumping between apps, opening stuff, all on their own. It requires taking the battery out to stop this behavior. Now one of the phones has a dead touch screen. I downloaded the Palm WebOS Doctor and ran it, but the screen is still dead. I contacted the seller, but the return period has expired, so it is my loss. It lasted 110 days. At $38.00, no great loss, but you do get what you pay for.

We purchased this phone for our 12 year old for his birthday. So far, I still have it with me. I finally figured out how to use it, and add prepaid minutes. I am not the kind of person who uses a wireless phone every day. I only talk about 30 min. a month on a wireless phone. That's because I am self employed, and live/work in a very rural area. So, if your not wireless phone educated like me, maybe I can help you figure out your phone.I bought prepaid minutes online with kittywireless.com. They provided a new phone number for my phone, and two dollars of free phone time to set up the phone account.Unfortunately, they will not sell me any prepaid minutes unless they can verify who I am, and talk to me on my land line first. Since I leave for work very early in the morning, and don't get home until past 5PM PST, and they are located in a different time zone, they have not called when I'm home, and I have not found time to call them.I found another prepaid minutes provider, mysupplyworld.com, and they have similar plans available.  I just purchase the pin, and then call pageplus cellular to apply it. Very cool.The most difficult problem I have encountered with the service plan so far, is that although the verizon emblem is on my phone screen, I actually have a pageplus account, not a verizon account.I had to call the verizon service number in an attempt to apply prepaid minutes to figure out what was going on. They said the phone number I have was not a verizon number, and they thought it was a straighttalk number, so they connected me with straighttalk. Then I found out it is not one of their numbers either. So duh, I checked the two prepaid minute providers I had been trying to set up my phone with, and realized they are both pageplus account providers.That's when I realized that I have a pageplus account and phone number. I told you I'm not wireless phone educated. But I'm figurin things out, just kinda slow, that's all.As for the phone, it is very cool. It has all the app. capabilities that all the new phones have, and takes pictures, downloads music, etc.My concern about wireless phones is that young people these days spend so much time staring at them. It's like an old comedy television episode I saw years ago. Everyone in America was glued to their TV, just staring at the screen, and a group of crooks went house to house stealing whatever they could get their hands on.Kind of ironic, considering we were all fleeced just a couple of years ago, while we all stared at our screens.Look out Twilight Zone, here we come!

I have been looking for a phone which allows me to access wifi, yet, no requirement of monthly data plan. The cross of this phone just suits the purpose. I decided to give it a try--actually two trials as I bought two, one for myself, and one for my wife.I am very pleased with what I got in the package I received as scheduled. The phones appeared to be brand new, in contrast to some complaints of "refurbished, or bad" one. The batteries worked fine. And now I can access internet/mail boxes just before I fall sleep without using my laptop or desktop.Highly recommended.

I used the palm pre plus for three years until i dropped it... i bought the pixi as a replacement and i love it. performs like the Pre and fits a lot better in your pocket... great phone if your looking for a cheap texting machine. no problems with Verizon setting it up for me, they did it over the phone. buy it you'll love it.

A Smartphone for $30, looks like a joke! It may not have the best internet browser, but it's totally useable. It may not have the best camera, but for the price it's OK. WebOS is TOTALLY UNAPPRECIATED, it can do a lot of stuff that some phones (even iOS, Android & WP7) can't like real, easy multitasking (WAAAAAAAAAAY before the iPhone), better mail and integration (start typing anywhere not on an app and it WILL find it), and getting rid of all the buttons. And the homebrew community is so active that Preware installs when the phone connecs to the internet. Simply one of the best unlocked phones out there, add PagePlus and Wi-Fi and you got the BEST CHEAP PHONE EVER!

The phone wos working for exactly 5 days.

I needed a phone to tide me over until the HTC One was released since mine was broken. This was only a few dollars more than a flip phone so this is what I went with. It was a decent phone. Think of it more as a really nice feature phone than a smart phone and you won't be disappointed. Note that you can't even install apps anymore as HP has stopped supporting the market.

Got this "brand new" phone in the mail today and doesn't work!I spent an hour on the phone with technical support only to be told my "new" phone is a defect. I am also wondering why there were stickers covering the serial number??? Now I have to go through the hassle of sending it back and dealing with waiting for my refund. I should have listened to the negative reviews before ordering!

I have had my Palm Pixi for about a year now.  It's honestly one of the worst phones I've ever used.  Not even in the same class as the iPhone, or even Android phones.The good:- It's small, really small- Feels good in your hand- WebOS has a nice way of letting you know when you have new events (e.g. new email, calendar, facebook)- WebOS's user interaction is pretty nice in terms of managing cards/apps- Email client goes back to message list when you delete a message instead of going to the next messageThe bad:- Screen is too small, keyboard is cramped.  Often end up hitting buttons I didn't intend to hit.  When notifications come up, it takes up half the screen if you have more than one.- Calendar app doesn't let you scroll around so text is often cut off for location and other details.- Battery life is terrible.  Often does not last a full day if you use it for anything at all- IMAP email does not update on the server right away like iPhone does, so sometimes I get home and the email I deleted is still there- Not a lot of quality apps, or any that would be worth spending money on at allThe ugly:- So slow that sometimes when dialing numbers, the digits don't show up until a second or two after you press the number- Interface freezes frequently- Often runs out of memory and you get the "too many cards" error, especially when you have the browser open.- Sometimes even when you quit all cards you get the out of memory problem, and have to restart- Rebooting takes forever, like 10 minutes, which is a problem when...- The phone reboots randomly (Verizon says may be due to a loose back cover, but I had never taken off the cover before!)- The case starts peeling away at the edges, looks like the rubber loses its shape and starts expanding in certain spots.  This is my second Pixi so this is not an isolated thing, it happened with both Pixis!There are many more issues with this phone but this is what comes to mind right now.  Compared to an iPhone, this phone is downright embarrassing.  Nothing to do even with how WebOS looks or works, it's just an overall terrible user experience.  And the worst part: all the things that make it unreliable as a basic phone (battery life, freezing, random rebooting), and the case peeling away distracts greatly from the otherwise nice aesthetics.I really wanted to like this phone, but can't recommend it to anyone.

I don't know why this phone is cheap, I don't know why i deserv such a good phone, I sugest that every man in the US who can't aford ( and even if you can) an iphone shold buy a palm pixi, it's awsome, try it it's cheap!!!!!

WARNING: Since the phone's operating system, WebOS, is NO LONGER SUPPORTED and NO LONGER UPGRADEABLE, your average smartphone customer is going to be very disappointed by this phone. The App Catalog is in shambles, the maps software doesn't work, there are some VERY annoying bugs that will never be addressed by the manufacturer (who wants a phone that refuses to text one random contact?).Having said that, this is a fabulous product at a great price ($45) for users who aren't afraid of putting in a little extra work to getting their phone up and running. The resources to get up and running and make this a great little (CHEAP!!!!!) phone are out there, but it can be a small headache to get there.

I had never bought a phone not in the retail store and wasn't expecting it to be brand new and in a box like it was. Very happy. I was replacing my old one and needed a new charger and since it came in the original packaging it came with one which was a nice surprise.

i have a question can this phone be used on any gsm network like is it unlocked to be use else where not in the U.S.

i bought a supposedly new pixi palm phonephone was obviously used/well wornmany features of the phone are defective , making it unuseable7 day warranty is nonsensedon't buy!

I want to give the distributors no stars, I have never written a scathing review of any product I have bought off of Amazon or any seller. I have never encounter such rude sellers either. I returned a phone because it was not what I needed and asked for a refund. I was certain that everything was in the box because I had only open it for ten minutes and realized my mistake. So I put everything back in and sent it off to wherever it came from. I received an response a few days later, saying that there was no battery cord. I sent them a polite message insisting that I did not have the charger and distinctly remember putting everything back in. The distributor sent me back a rude short message about returning the missing item or I would have to pay some fee. I wrote them back to tell them to keep the phone and bother me no more. I could already tell by the way the seller wrote his or her message that he or she was going to be a pain in the ass to deal with. You can always tell how people are by their writing. His or her style of writing screams: &#34;I am a douchebag and I will be a pain in the ass to you.&#34; I do associate with such people, so I decided to end the contact with the sellers even if it meant losing some money. I think customer service should be top priority when you are selling products. Sellers shouldn't send them back sarcastic and condescending response, it rude and unprofessional to treat your customers like they are kids or beneath. Perhaps they should teach their sellers some manner and how to deal with customer complaints with more tact. I will not be purchasing  anything from these distributor again. I would never recommend World wide distributor products to others, they are in my opinion, horrible for a lack of a better word.

i would not say that its a good phone but for the price you pay its fine its a good basic phone but for the web its just a waste of time and$$$

I could get the palm pixi on time. congratulations.But I can not to get provider servie for this device in my country.In my country used GSM devices.this palm is tdma device.Maybe you can said in the front page about this feature.But the device is ok and probably I will use it when I travel to usa.thanks

Phone arrived promptly and works great.  Contacted Verizon to confirm that they require a data plan with this model; told them to get bent and just went with Kitty Wireless/Page Plus as described by other users and was up and running within 20 minutes - just disabled 3G.  My wife loves the phone.Only questionable thing I observed was that the phone box had already been opened which is inconsistent with Amazon's definition of New which is "A brand-new, unused, unopened product...".  However, the device itself gave no indication of having previously been used or refurbished.  Other than that they provided what I ordered in good time.  Would still do business with them again.Edit:  Ordered a second phone from the OEM Shop.  Still very happy with the item but my impression of the OEM Shop went downhill.  May order another phone again, but not from them.

Used several of these.GOOD: tiny size, simplicity, costBAD: terrible ringer switch, tiny screenContrary to some reviews, updates are possible.  Below are the steps from the hp website -- they worked for me:--------------------------Installing the Updates after July 23rd1. For users of ALL webOS devices:a. Open the "Date & Time" app on your device.b. Set "Network Time" to Off.c. Set the date to July 1, 2013.d. Open the App Cataloge. Type "App Catalog Update" in the search filed, and select "Enter" on the keyboard.f. Tap the "App Catalog Update" app to display the details page.g. Tap "Download for Free" to download and install the app.h. Return to the "Date & Time" app.i. Set the date back to the current date.j. Set "Network Time" to On.

Bam it hit the latter, then it bounced off a cross stud then off a rock. OMG sheet I have f__ed my phone, no cra_ and yep it didn't work afterwards tso I was freaked after setting up preware( ton and tons of free apps) then I thought ha PC reboot. Now its working just like before. I have over clocked, installed Google maps, personal hiking GPS,( better than the Magellan that I paid over a hundred dollars for)  Wifi gives me fast app downloads, Pandora app is great and its one hell of a nice phone. Yea its a bit small, but all the others are to dam big, so I am happy I guess.  The sound is great but my head phones r pro Shur ear phones. Unlimited calling and two G download for fifty-five dollars aint bad pagepluscellular my normal use on my pc is only 1.5G per month. I don't know if any other phone could have fallen that far and that hard and lived.Con: it aint a radar detector yet but I am looking for it, If you are a woman and cant handle preware you don't want this phone buy a pretty one that cost a lot of money as in enough to by a new car. Page Plus is Verizon.  OH yea it gives you a wifi hot spot too from you data package. My wife says its doesn't vibrate enough "/ she wants an app for that and I said I was the app she said sap I said APP and this app is closed for a week or two figure it out.

Got this phone as a back up for a dead droid.  Still in contract with Verizon and no warranty - so what to do?  For the price, (i.e. anything under $60) this phone fit the bill.  Sure WebOS is on its way out and the apps are lacking, but otherwise really not much bad to say about the phone.  Keyboard is better for small hands and the camera could have been somewhat more responsive, but for around $50, who cares?  Heck, if you're looking for a cheap mp3 player that can access the web/email and take a photo or two, buy this and forget the phone service.  If money is a concern and you aren't app crazy, this thing for $50 is better deal than an 8gb Ipod touch for $200.

I'm on a pre-paid account and mainly use my phone for making calls and sending texts.  I don't need a giant screen or a million apps and the Palm Pixi Plus is a budget-friendly compromise.  It fits easily in my hand, pocket or purse, lets me surf the web, view pdfs and docs, as well as access my Google calendar, email and anything else I might need on those rare occasions when I am on the road without a laptop.  At less than $50 I don't care that my husband and I are both on our second phone in four years.  (Serious user negligence that in no way reflects on the durability of the phone.  One fell in the washing machine - twice and the other was crushed.)  I love this model and wish that they would have continued the line.

I got a steal with the price I piad for this phone! I love the screena nd I have to have a real keyboard, buttons are a bit small but I got used to them, I was never a fan of the touch screen but I really love this one!

After considering for quite sometime on purchasing my first smartphone, I ended up choosing the Palm Pixi Plus because of three main reasons, size and physical keyboard and the operating system. I spent many months researching the wide variety of phones available since this would be my first smartphone. Initially, I looked at the iPhone and looked at my friend's iPhone. Though it is easy to use accompanied with many Apps, I didn't like the feel of the phone itself as it was a tad too heavy. I also wasn't particularly fond of the virtual keyboard. Though my fingers are small, I still had some difficulty using the virtual keyboard on the iPod Touch. Next I looked into the phones with Android OS and the phones didn't appeal to my taste either as many of the phones were quite bulky. I was't fond of the Android OS after playing with it for a while. Lastly I looked at Palm's line of Pixi and Pre. What attracted me to the Pixi Plus is the physical keyboard which makes typing much easier. The phone itself is small and light with rounded bottom edges which makes it comfortable to hold. After playing with one of my co-worker's Pixi Plus I was drawn to the uniqueness of the WebOS design. There isn't a lot of icons littering the screen as they can be tucked away. However, with the Pixi Plus, the main draw back is the 1.4.5 version of the operating system. It is not as refined as the WebOS 2.0. So there are some bugs which hasn't worked out yet in this older OS version. However, you can install many patches created by other users. Another drawback is the battery life as other users have commented and complained about. If you make calls frequently daily and use data, you need to charge this phone daily. This is something I am not used to do as my previous clamshell phone can hold a charge for days. Finally, another uniqueness of this phone is you can purchase the wireless Touchstone charging system allowing you to do wireless charging. So overall in my book, though this phone isn't perfect, it is quite adequate for my needs as a first smartphone.

the worst part was no where was it stated that this phone can not be set up with Verizon with out buying a data package of an extra 29.99 a month. I like when you had the option to use a better phone and pay only by use. this phone can not even start without data package. so we are bummed. anyone who wants its let me know. i purchased it for 49.99 you can have it for 30.00 plus shipping of 5.25 priority mail. let me know @ mcfmauigirl@live.com

I am thinking about purchasing a Palm Pixi but I am worried about getting a crappy phone. I had my heart set on a motorola citrus but the reviews were horrid! Palm Pixi.....must or be left in the dust! Tell me what to expect If i order this please!

Once I figured out it's actually an automotive engine block heater when left on charge it made perfect sense but I won't need it until I move to Alaska. The only other use I could imagine is to see how many times it will skip across a pond unless you know a child who believes it is a non-working toy phone but even a toy wouldn't HAVE to be activated by Verizon!!!

I bought this for my daughter as a replacement phone on my Verizon contract account. Tried to activate it when I learned Verizon requires at least a $30 data package. They would not even activate it unless I agreed to this. I asked them to connect it and block the data like I had done with some of her other phones. Nope. So I am just returning it. My fault as I should have done more homework before buying it.The phone seemed fine although we never actually got the opportunity to use it. Shipping was VERY fast.

I receviced this phone late and had to get a new battery because the first one didnt work after getting another battery the phone stop working.

I've went through two of these in a month, both times it broke it was in my pocket by itself..must be pretty fragile.

Needed an expensive smartphone for Pageplus and had this phone for about a year (actually bought two for myself and my wife). Wasn't too bad. I overclocked it to 800+mhz via Govnah. Some sluggishness every once and awhile along w freezing. We added the OEM touchstone charger and back cover, and that's when it got much worse. I can only guess through research that the magnetism involved in the charging upsets the touch screen. Her Palm stopped working all together. My screen only functioned about 5% of the time. I read where you can run the screen over an old CRT monitor or tv and it will "reactive" the cell screen, which has been working on and off...but it's ridiculous. Overall, when you consider that the problem with the screen has made the phone unusable, the fact that it's just too small, slower processor, etc, it's just not worth it. She went w the iphone 4, but I'm sticking with Pageplus and going to try the Droid Pro. Very soon I will be able to act on my anger and throw this phone against a wall as hard as I possibly can. :D And I will enjoy it.

We bought it thinking it could be used with GSM but that part is blocked, we had to return it. The rest is fine

i bought this phone and am very disappointed it restarts by itself and over heats too fast I just got it and I have to return it already.Also if your looking for a good phone for Facebook or anything like that this phone is terrible... a very non-advance phone

Ah I had to return the phone the guy did refund my money, so I can not say anything bad about him but the phone was reported lost, I could not activate it it became useless to me, so I then contacted him and mailed the phone back the next morning, along with a tracking number something he never provided me with I like to do good business he says he did not know the phone was report lost or stolen but that is his problem not mine.I returned it and I am done, I am not using products that are hot, if you want something new purchase new I purchased from Closeout Masters. Item was new and product took a little long but its new and the ESN was clear I now have a Palm Treo Pro with Windows Mobile 6.1 and all the resources. I will be more careful were I purchase from next time. I suggest you read this and pay close attention to this message, it's more of a warning because you never know what people did in order to get these items that are lost or stolen can cause you serious problems you don't want and I don't want no more problems.

This is a great little phone! I think it is more so for women than men because of its size so it is perfect for me. You may need to look at videos on YouTube to figure out how to use it if you are new to the Palm interface but once you figure it out it is easy to use and very convenient. This phone is NOT for power users -- stick with Blackberry or something like a Droid X or iPhone for this. This phone is not as fast and is great if you just need a great looking, easy to operate smartphone for light to intermediate use. This is mainly because of the processing speed. And I would strongly suggest that you get the charging docking station and the Touchstone back cover (to use with the charging station) because the wall charger compartment on the phone is made kind of funny and the plug comes out easily if you're like me and charge your phone up but still try to use it! Oh, the sound is GREAT -- I played a YT video on it and it sounded better than my husband's laptop speakers! And having owned an iPhone before, it easily tops their sound quality as well. All in all, great phone for a super cheap price -- all the booklets were included EXCEPT the manual (which you can find on the web anyway). You can use this phone with Page Plus Wireless too so my bill is only like $39.99 (or you can choose the $55 plan) and I still have the quality service that I would have with Verizon -- hooray for me --and hooray for you, too -- if go and buy this phone and use Page Plus -- double the savings!!!!UPDATE: 12.12.2012I have since purchased a new phone because I had android app withdrawal! Also, the back covers start coming apart pretty easily which means you would have to keep replacing them -- kind of annoying.  Again, this is a very BASIC phone -- only Palm apps can be downloaded and those are very limited.

When i search the unlocked Phone section at Amazon i was not expecting to get options for Phone that did not use SIM CARDS, so i will accept the fault of not reading everything before i purchased this item.I needed an unlock Sim Card Phone, not CDMA Unlocked Verizon Phone. Why do you guys still have CDMA isn't that a bit arcade,I was not expecting a new model phone to have out dated feature that we in this small country do not use anymore, far less for America, so i will be sending it back because it cannot be used where i live.One of the Customer Description you should note in the future is (For use in U.S.A only)

It's and okay back up phone. But PALM went out of business like three years ago. Everything on this phone is out of date and SLOWER then molasses on a winters day!

This phone was the best it was an easy smartphone to use. It was compatible and cute. The video quality is the best. The only problem was the apps were a little outdated. I'm so sad i lost it.

For $36.00 it is well worth it!The camera isn't really bad at all.  Flash worked fine.  Pictures are decent quality.Touch display works smoothly.Flipping through my open applications is a breeze.PLENTY of storage space.  (8 GB)I was able to transfer my music and pictures from my PC easily. With the headphone jack, it makes a nice little MP3 player.The qwerty keyboard is TINY.  My only dislike of this phone.

I wanted the Pre because I had one as a work phone, but since I recieved such a good deal in the Pixi I decided to try it. I like it a lot. With the free hotspot feature, its like the phone paid for it self. The price for the value was incredible because I know how expensive a full retail phone can be.

Verizon will charge you $74/month to activate this Palm Pixi Plus phone, go with the Page Plus Direct Cellular phone Company, it charges a mere $9 for activation fee to unlock your Verizon Palm phone which includes $2.4 credit toward your calls and you can add an extra $10 worth of 100 minutes good for 3 months, unbeatable. Now you have got the formula pat for real savings.

I very much appreciated the review that talked about getting a Pixi Plus, using only WiFi, staying off of Verizon by signing up with a reseller like Page Plus--everything is working so far in terms of "free" e-mail, web, etc. access as long as I'm near WiFi (at home and work, mostly). My old Palm PDA was dying, and this has been a great replacement.The only regret I have is that a few apps from the past aren't available on the newer operating system of the Pixi Plus (HanDbase, for example); other than that (and the need to charge this every night!!), I'm quite satisfied so far.

Docked a star for really small buttons on the keypad.  Everything else is just fine.I like the palm operating system- it jives with my brain.The case feels really nice.  This does not feel like a cheap phone.  (I did have to google how to access the battery.)I'm using this with Page Plus and love it for that.  Per other reviewers how-to's, I can access wi-fi in my house or wherever wi-fi is available (for free, obviously) with the right settings.

My dad gave me this phone after my beautiful blackberry stopped working. I've had this phone for at least three months, and I can barely stand it. It's so fragile, and so easily damaged. This phone isn't really a smart phone, because it doesn't even endure the activities that a smart phone does. It's a failed attempt at a smart phone.

You don't have to sign a contract with Verizon to activate this phone! Read through the reviews,  pay attention to comments about PagePlus (they use the Verizon network, for $10/120 days, minutes get rolled over as long as you renew before the 120 days are up, great plan if you're not a big talker). Make sure to turn off the data feature so you can surf the web for free with wi-fi. Check the palm pixie plus help page at kittywireless.com. Bought this for hubby to replace a really old PDA, and ended up getting a really cool phone with all the bells and whistles to boot! Can't beat the price!

The phone dont' work (legaly) outside of us,but i live in Venezuela,and i installed the bypass tool and i jump the activation of verizon,is a great phone i recomend you if you live on us,but if dont live on america DON'T BUY!El celular no funciona (legalmente) fuera de los estados unidos,yo vivo en venezuela,e instal&eacute; el bypass tool y salt&eacute; la activaci&oacute;n de la linea de Verizon,es un gran celular lo recomiendo altamente si vives en estados unidos,pero si vives fuera de norteamerica &iexcl;NO LO COMPRES!

Wifi is Impressive and When you put preware on this, like jailbreaking an iphone, its awesome. You can do more with the phone. Really Great phone though use the mobile browser and music player. P.S. look up Preware to make your phone awesome.

Its an okay phone for the price (cheap), but I definitely would not recommend it if you are a high tech or &#34;nice phone&#34; kind of person. It does the job, but I had to reorder because my first one's screen started going out for some reason. The second one has been fine thus far. I don't use internet but VERY RARELY, but when I do, it works fine. The buttons are very tiny and this would not be a good phone for a bigger person or a man with thick hands. As stated before, works well for the price and gets the job done.

The Palm Pixi is my first smartphone. I bought it to finish out my contract on Verizon and to port over to Page Plus so I can have a smartphone without paying for a data plan.The Good: The basic functionality of the phone is great. WebOS is a wonderful, open platform, and the way the card system works is pretty intuitive. The notifications system was way ahead of its time, and I miss the gestures whenever I'm using someone else's non-WebOS phone. The gesture area has a cool glowing slit whenever new notifications appear on your phone. The keyboard is nice and clicky, though I often end up using my finger nails to operate it (and I'm a guy). The available Touchstone cover and puck make a great charging station; why don't all phones do this? (probably some patent devilry) It doesn't have all the apps that iOS and Android users have available to them, but WebOS has a great open-source community with a non-official app store through "Preware." It's definitely a tinkerer's phone.The Bad: Google Maps seems not to work at all when on a 3G connection. I don't know why, but it's frustrating as hell when trying to find something on the go. I wish the home screen had all my apps on it rather than having to "Swipe up" to get the app screen. Worst of all, the hardware in this phone is just too underpowered to deliver a smooth experience in the OS. Why should the phone choke when trying to switch from the Texting card to the Mail card? I've never had a "too many cards" warning, yet it seems like it can barely keep up with some basic functions. That's not to say it's unusable, just frustrating. Overclocking the processor has not seemed to help any. The camera is nothing to write home about, although it's usable enough to share mobile pictures.Overall, I'll stick with my plan to go on Page Plus with this phone, but I'll still be keeping my eyes peeled for a cheap Android or WebOS device with some more "oomph" to it. That's the beauty of pre-paid!

I can't even comment on the phone, since I couldn't activate it in the first place. Also, unless you really want a contract with Verizon, don't bother getting this phone. There is no point in buying this non contract phone since you can't use it on another network and you NEED a contract. Do yourself a favor and get a better phone for free. This phone should not be listed under unlocked phones!

The phone arrived on time and in perfect condition. Perhaps everyone else on earth knows that purchasing data is mandatory for the operation of this phone, but I didn't. If I had known, I would have made another choice. On the other hand, I'm discovering new things about the Palm Pixi every day and enjoying it (even the data) more.

i was very nervous about getting this phone. it was brand new and I was able to use it to replace my broken palm pre plus.  I love it! The hotspot is awesome which I use for my kindle and the keyboard is way better than the palm pre plus! The screen is pretty small but it is nice and light in your hands! It is the perfect phone for someone who wants a smart phone but is not a gamer or app addict! And such a fantastic deal.

I had cracked the LCD on my original Palm Pixi Plus & Asurion Insurance wanted an $89 deductible. Found this one on your site and even with overnight shipping it was much cheaper and FIRST QUALITY! THANKS!

We purchased this to replace our old palm not the same phone at all. We werevery unhappy with it.Battery did not hold a charge for more than an hour. No app store. The list goes on.

This is the first smart-phone that I have owned and I am very impressed with it. It is a shame that HP stopped the implementation of WebOS in its tablets and on phones. I hope that it works for me for a long time because I am enjoying it very much if the charges don't kill me.

I can't use it for Page Plus. Did everything what Page Plus rep said but still did not work. I just took the hammer and crushed this junk.

This cellphone is fine, I have a soft spot for WebOS, but the ties to verizon make this unacceptable for me. They don't have any month-by-month service, which is insane. #Returned

Ive had the palm pixi for almost 2 years, and it has always givin me problems. Problems include: freezing, cutting off randomly, not holding a charge for very long. I am now a college student, and i had the pixi on the charger all night then i charge it whenever i get a chance during the day, then i start texting for 5 mins and most of the power is gone, so if you move around a lot and need a phone with a strong battery, i would NOT get this phone. I am now having to down grade my phone because i have lost all the power in my phone at the worst times, and need one with a stronger battery.

this phone is not worth having to pay the extra 30 a month for a data plan.  I though I could have used it as just a regular phone with wifi until I was eligible for my upgrade.  the keypad is way to small, the camera is foggy, and the touch screen is way to sensitive. On the other hand, the phone is brand new, cheap and if you are using it for just a cell phone with wifi on a prepaid plan, then it is worth it.

Pros:- good build quality and design- small, light, and thin- WebOS is very slick and works well- good quality standard apps cover basic functions- cheap accessories readily available- cheap service from Page Plus- unbelievable low priceCons:- uses an old version of WebOS, 1.4.X and can't be easily upgraded to v2- there is no voice dialing function available. I can't believe Palm shipped a phone without this. My cheap function phones have had this capability for years.- end-of-line product with HP ending Palm hardware production and making WebOS open source- screen smaller than Palm Pre and most other smart phones- WebOS has a very limited app selection compared to iOS and Android. This may improve depending on how  WebOS does in the market now, but most new apps will probably not run on the old hardware- of the limited selection of commerical apps and 3D games out there, many only run on the Pre and not the Pixi Plus. This is a shame given that the Pixi Plus is very capable of handling any apps the Pre runs, but I understand developers had to take extra steps to build versions for the Pre and Pixi, and the development kit was late for the Pixi.Tip:- there is only one rear speaker. I read one review where a user returned his phone because one of the rear speakers wasn't working. I did some research, and only one of the grills on the back is a speaker and the other one is just there for design symetry. The volume is okay, even with only one speaker.I have been looking for a while for a way to get an inexpensive smart phone with no contract and not incur large service charges. Last year I got my wife an old Palm Treo 650 for easier texting. Even with that 2004 vintage phone, it was a big hassle to get Verizon to disable data service and not charge us $40/month. A little investigation found that the Pixi Plus was available at a very low price, not much more than used Palm Treos or standard cell phones, and received overwhelmingly positive reviews. This peaked my interest, but I needed to determine how I could get it connected to low cost service. I just switched my wife's Verizon number to the Page Plus $12/mo plan with no issues, so I checked to make sure the Pixi Plus could be used with Page Plus as well. I found extensive information on-line, including in other reviews here, detailing the process for activating the phone with Page Plus. My mother-in-law, who is on my Verizon plan, expressed an interest in the Pixi Plus, so I let her be the first to try it out.I ordered the phone from Amazon with the benefit of 2-day Prime shipping, and it arrived yesterday. First impressions were that Palm must have put a lot of focus on aesthetics, since the phone, packaging, and accessories were all well designed and gave an impression of quality. The Pixi Plus is slightly smaller than I expected, and it is very thin for a smartphone. I went through the setup and activation procedure detailed in other reviews. The Palm profile setup is mandatory and requires cellular data service, but once that is done, all data requirements can use wifi. I had to make two calls to Page Plus, one to port the number over from Verizon, and when that was done, a second to activate the phone on Page Plus. The wait on hold was about 10 minutes each time, and the Page Plus customer service people were both polite and helpful. There is no charge from Page Plus if you are porting an existing number. Once that was completed, I went in the phone preferences menu, disabled data, and connected to my wifi. I got a $12 plan at Page Plus, which provides 250 minutes, 250 texts, and 10MB data for a month, and the phone was good to go. If you plan to have mobile data enabled, you'll want to choose a plan with much more data included (the $30 plan includes 100MB).While I have limited experience with iOS and Android, I have to say that WebOS, even the older version on the Palm Pixi, is very slick. The touchscreen is a little small but very clear, and gestures work smoothly. The keyboard is small but very usable with good feedback. I was amazed at how well multi-tasking works on a fairly low-powered device. I ended up playing with the phone for several hours, trying out the various functions, and downloading a few apps. Everything worked smoothly and was intuitive. There were no errors or crashes. Loading most webpages took around 10 seconds. I had been worried about the lack of apps, but the basics are well-covered with a good browser, YouTube, messaging, Pandora, and a great streaming radio app called TuneIn. You can even stream MPEG-4 movies from Archive.org. This morning we delivered the phone to my mother-in-law, so I'll see how she likes it. She is non-technical, but I don't think she should have any trouble with it. I am very impressed by the Pixi Plus, and I am planning to get two more for my wife and me.

The battery needs to be charged every night! Other than that it is a okay phone. Since the price is low, I am okay with it.

Can not use the phone because it does not have a back up assistant application. Also, the apps it offers are substandard and unusable... terrible software.

The phone has a very responsive touchscreen, but it lacks apps. I couldn't even download an app for my bank account. Really Palm... you really don't have a bank of america or usaa app, everybody else does. It lacks applications and creativity. It is a simple smart phone and I would recommend to somebody literally just starting out in the smart phone world. Doesn't have too much to confuse you, but has enough to keep a newbie happy for a brief amount of time. When deleting text messages it would delete even upcoming messages not allowing me to even get a chance to read them. The screen is way too small for my taste, and I read the reviews, plenty of them, about it and I still gave it the benefit of the doubt. But it lacks so much and for somebody who hates Android with a passion, switched back to my Android phone because this phone just didn't compensate for what I was looking for in a phone. A very poor choice for a phone and will not make that same mistake again. I really hate complaining but this phone just did not cut it for me. A total waste of 60 something dollars, I DO NOT RECOMMEND.

Just what I was looking for. New, in the box, awesome. I have owned this phone before, and I'm so pleased! Thanks!

This phone is amazing, in my opinion.Pros: Light, easy to use, small keyboard, fits in your hand, size of an iPhone, free hotspot, texting is threaded,Cons: Short battery life, a little slow, 29.99 data plan with Verizon(NO EXCEPTIONS), vibration  is soft, lack of appsIt does take a while to get use to it, but after a week or two you'll know the phone easily

I got the phone today, and was instantly impressed. It does everything I wanted and the price was great! They shipped fast and I got it cross country in only 4 days (counting a sunday!!) so thanks!

So where is my order?  How come there isn't a contact information link?  Kind of frustrating that the bank shows they got their money but there isn't proof of shipment?  WTF?!

Someday I browsed CellPhone category on Amazon, trying to find something new and interesting, I came across Pixi Plus no contract and unlocked phone, I am surprised with the price as listed, darely not believe it. I am in China, I know some but not very well about phone plan in US. I wanted to have a try. After 15 days' shipment, I got the phone, the out shipment box is opened, might be opened by the young postman or Chinese Customs, little angry but can not help.The phone comes in very good condition, brand new in very good palm box, I like it so much. But I am out of US, I can not activate it after retry. It is my fault that before buying, I thought I can put my CDMA card into it and can use it. But there is no place to insert UIM card. Local CDMA carrier does not supply any serice to get my old number transfered onto this phone, they need me to buy a phone from them. Do not like it.So by now, I have not used it. And I do not decide to return it back, the postal charge come and back will be totally $80.00. I will take it as a toy or a PDA somedays if possible. If I do not activate it, do not choose any plan from Verizon Wireless, do not use it, will any charge be deducted from my credit card?  Can anyone help me this? Thanks.If you are in USA, I recommend this to you. It is really a brand new phone.If you are in China, you should consider what do you expect from the phone.I like the phone.

This Pam Pixi phone works very well with the PagePlusCellular service and the functionality is great for a basic phone that includes web browsing and email. Nice camera too. Fits in the palm of your hand and in a pocket easily.

Bought these as back ups. Started using the Pixi when they had the 5gigs of internet free each month with phone service. When I no longer have a Pixi, I'll be paying for my hotspot. I like the phone alright. We mainly only use it for the hotspot. Times are changing though. The apps no longer install on Pixis. Once a factory reset is done, which needs done from time to time, they are gone and will not install. (We've tried this on more than one Pixi. Verizon has done all they can to help.) There isn't much for tech support with Palm products now. HP bought Palm, and we haven't been able to get any help with the problems. The hotspot works fine. The signal strength to this cheap phone is good compared to other more expensive Verizon phones we've had... as well as our contract AT&T phone.

great device, great pricea bit slowa bit hungry, so battery is low fastmobile hotspot is just greatbutif it drops once (like from 1 meter height), it is most probably deaddigitizer will most probably break and then it is trash

My rating subject to change, as follows. Here is what happened so far:Received phone in new condition after 72 hours from OEM Shop.My intended use: $30/yr emergency usage plan. ($10/120 day pin x 3)Activation of phone for free from PagePlus went smoothly. Purchased $10 PIN.Enabled wifi by clicking in upper right corner of phone app and clicking appropriate choice.Immediately turned off data connection by clicking Verizon in upper left corner of phone card and clicking preference (data off) immediately after activation.Was HORRIFIED when I got message saying my $10 credit was exhausted within a half hour of activating my advice, though I had not placed any calls or texts or downloaded content while on 3G.Called PagePlus to try to get them to reapply my $10 credit.They refused claiming that Palm Pixie is unauthorized and unsupported device.Requested to speak with supervisor and told I had to request a service ticket to do so and then a manager would call back within 24 hrs.After 22 hours with no callback, I called customer service and was connected with a friendly but ignorant customer service supervisor who informed me that she encounters this problem very frequently with Palm Pixie and that it will download data even with data is disabled.I questioned her intently about this (since it made no sense to me) and she repeated that even with wifi many of the apps in the phone, such as weather, will somehow use 3G data even when data is disabled. She said it is like a little computer and needs data.She suggested that if I wanted to use Palm Pixie I had better disable all Apps that came with the phone. Otherwise, her recommendation was to buy a standard supported cell phone (not smartphone) through PagePlus.I thanked her and planned to return Pixie to OEM Shop.Decided to call Palm support at 1-866-770-PALM to corroborate/verify Page Plus' information before returning device.After asking for details of my phone including serial number and phone number, Palm listened to what happened and what I was told by PagePlus.Palm emphatically and categorically denied that with data disabled the phone or any of its apps would still consume 3G data.As I had two conflicting opinions, I next called Kitty Wireless. Spoke with very polite and knowledgeable rep (Caleb) who confirmed what Palm told me and suggested that probably what had happened is that as soon as activation was complete and PIN was loaded, phone updated its system software and this used the $10 PIN I had purchased.Caleb assured me this is a very common problem and that it should not reoccur now that data is disabled and wifi is set-up.Said that he has heard of Android phones sometimes consuming data while in data disabled mode, but never with Palm Pixie.Suggested buying another $10 PIN, instead of more expensive PIN, just as a precaution.Asked him what is the main difference between Kitty Wireless and PagePlus.Caleb told me that Kitty is an authorized dealer of PagePlus and that biggest difference is the service.Kitty Wireless only has two employees, Kitty and Caleb, so customers get knowledgeable personal service.I thanked him and placed the order online for $10 PIN with auto refilling from Kitty Wireless.Assuming all goes well, I will not update this review. If it does not, and I continue to have problems of spurious data download while in data disabled mode, I will edit this review if possible, or find a way of entering a new one.****EDIT**** RATING REVISED TO 4 STARSReceived very helpful e-mail from Kitty at Kitty Wireless suggesting further measures to make 100% sure that phone does not consume data that I have not requested:"If you know, for a fact, that you will NOT be using data on your device - CALL 800-550-2436 and say this: "I would like for you to disable the web data and the picture messaging features on my standard plan phone so that I do not mistakenly use my cash balance for data." Give them your cellular number, and have them disable your data & picture messaging services. This will prevent you from losing ANY of your cash balance."also provides this website for clarification: [ ... ]I am very impressed with Kitty Wireless so far, have done as she suggests, and am happy with Palm Pixie Plus so far, but will edit/revise as experience dictates  [I've only had phone for 2 days]

PERFECT for young daughter. Easy for her to use. Fun for her to use. Simple aw we were looking for but with the touch screen she was crossing her fingers for. Opted to go with the online cell service for $12 a month (cant beat that) and are pleased with so far. She has service, cant go over limits, but has enough for her age anyway. A good choice for us as a replacement to our 10 year olds 1st phone

so it didnt come with a battery, and it irritated me because i was all excited to receive my new phone, and then i had to wait till the battery got here.but other than that, it was a good deal. but it should really say (battery not included)

Sorry to read that others have had issues with this phone.  I bought it here last year (from Unlocked Cell Kings) as a starter smart phone and it turned into a hands-down keeper.  Two words: FREE HOTSPOT.  For me-for now that trumps fancy apps and speeed. Everytime I think I should upgrade, i end up somewhere with no connection for my Kindle or laptop and I'm so happy to have my free hookup. I like the manual key board - wish the screen was bigger, but oh well.  I have not had any of the problems reported here, but somehow I cracked the screen and that tanked the phone-touch screen no longer works.  So i just ordered a new one from Unlocked Kings. 30 day Amazon return and 90 day warranty with Unlocked. Fingers crossed this one works as well as the first one.For those looking for feedback from a year-plus user:--Sleek looking, nice keyboard (some think it's small, but I find it very easy to use)--Web connection is sometimes on the slow side--Nice streamlined email (I  have three accounts on the phone) Merges all contacts--Camera is perfectly adequate for me--I use Twitter, FB, Yelp, Mapquest, Pandora apps and surf web - I have more apps loaded, but typically use these--I find the webOS very user-friendly--As others have reported, slow turn onHope you enjoy your phone.
