
I will recommend it. I however have some issues.The maximum ring volume is not loud. I am used to hearing my previous phone ring wherever I am in the house, but this one I dont. I should say I have not taken it to my plan carriers to check out yet. Also, I dont know if it is an HTC thing but the phone tends to shut down every 3 to 5days on its own, and it would not restart untill i take the battery out and replace it. I dont like the fact I have to keep removing the back cover. Without these, I would rate it Excellent for me.

Allthough I had to send this phone back, while I had the phone I really loved it.  All the phones have thier ups and downs.

ok

battery  only holds change for about 8 hours standby in the product details Up to 6 hours of talk time, up to 372 hours (15.5 days) of standby time,  this is totally incorrect

This is a terrible phone, unless you really enjoy turning it off and back on. It crashes all the time. I had a friend with the same phone. Her phone is awful too.

The time of charge is low, when I use wifi i have only 4 hours and when I talk 8 hours, but I don't talk continuos. I check the phone in stand by, and the second day was necesary charger. I need the help of seller.Thanks.

This is a great phone with a lot of excellent features.  I was impressed with the size of both the internal memory (which was a BIG problem with the HTC Status/ChaCha I had before this) and the generous 8 gig micro SD card included with the phone.I love how fast everything loads and runs.  The screen is large, clear, and responds quickly to touch.  Would totally recommend this phone!The only problem I encountered (and a number of other people seem to have run into this s well) is connecting to the internet when no wifi is available-- perhaps it depends on where the phone originates from, but even with it being unlocked, I had to fuss with the settings for the mobile network before being able to connect.SO!  If you have AT&T; and are having trouble connecting to the internet when no wifi is available, hopefully the following will save you a couple of hours with customer service and lots of frustration. :)  (I'm sure there are other similar solutions to be found online for other carriers other than ATT)Look under settings> wireless&networks;> mobile network. If there is an error message that says "connection failed due to incorrect APN settings", select the "mobile network settings" underneath that.  Select "Access Point Names".  You'll either have to edit an existing name, or, if they're locked, create a new name by pressing the menu button.The information you'll need to enter to connect to the internet via the mobile network is as follows:Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC:[...]MMS Proxy: [...]MMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410 (this could also be 310, 41 or 15)APN Type: leave blankMake sure those settings are there and give it a try (with wifi off to ensure you're connecting through the cell network and not a wifi connection).Otherwise, this phone has been just wonderful and truly impressive.

This device is amazing. Just one issue: the battery life leaves a lot to be desired but guess it has to do with amount of application running on the device. Otherwise it's a great device.

I received the phone in great condition, for it being sold as a used phone. It arrived in less than three days, so I am very pleased. The quality of sound when speaking on the phone is beyond expectations and the pictures taken with the 8mp camera are amazing. I would highly recommend this phone for anyone wanting a smart phone, but not willing to pay the high price of the latest android smart phones out on the market. For all the capabilities that come built into this phone, it is well worth the cost.

The people at TABLET DISTRIBUTORS.sold this product to me. They sold it with a battery that wasn't working. I din't have the time to make a discussion about it, so I ordered another one.Be careful with this seller as they sell incomplete products.The phone works fine though. The cost-benefit relation is ok

Love the phone has everything I wanted. Like the idea of a unlocked phone.Just to let you know if you buy an unlocked phone. Make sure you have your cell companies Web & MMS codes. You have to enter them into your phone in order to get on the internet. My wife loves the the phone to. She is getting hers next week.

received my phone after having it shipped to Barbados, popped in the sim and SHUT DOWN the phone,restart will give you a "No Service" message as it did with me.so just shut it down and start using it.Using the WiFi till my Blackberry plan runs out on the 1st day of the new year.vibrant colours,responsive screen,fast...love it.enjoying the apps and such.camera is a beast!!User Interface takes a lil while to figure..but this is a "big boy" phone meant to be used.Definitely would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a phone :)

When I first got the phone it was working fine, I love the screen and everything. But not I've had it for 1 month.. the phone keeps freezing, reseting everyday and almost all programs foreclose. I'm getting frustrated, hopefully I can return it.

Excellent product! very good phone, good coverage and very quickly navigating to work instead of wifi. They are recomiedo, not only for what has been said but by the number of applications and entertainment ...

The battery life is just pathetic. I had to have a charger constantly on me to get through the day. The phone froze up constantly, making me have to remove the battery and insert it again in order to make it boot up again. On one occasion when it booted, it had done a factory reset, deleting all my apps and information. Also, after that reset, I never was able to load Google Play again, leaving me with the old android market app. I have three acquaintences with the same phone; two of which are just as unsatisfied (so 75% of the people I know, including myself, are totally regretting having made the purchase). I am not giving up on android phones, but any one who asks me, I would insist they do not get any HTC phone whatsoever. You should go with a Samsung or a Motorola instead (or an iPhone if your an iOS fan).

I order this phone for my mom and she like it she got it on time brand new and with all the different future as described thank you will order again

really poor reception here and in the caribbean. waste of money

Is a good cellphone!! but it does not has any option for choose Spanish language.Amazon should write it down in the item description&#34;s

So I bought the phone hoping I was going to be able to write a good review but it comes as if I only have a few nice things to say. The phone is a good size and I got it in a timely manor.My phone freezes and drops calls, I have to take out the battery which is not an easy thing to do in order for it to work every time. I have contacted my cell phone carrier and did all the trouble shooting I can do so its the phone. I also noticed this morning that it does not have a front camera (which I'm not worried about, but I know some are) I also contacted the seller to return it ( no sense of using a phone you cant really use) and its been a 6 day process. I have bought a few other things on amazon and this carrier and phone has done nothing but stress me out. I wish I have never purchased it and would not recommend it.

Great phone! It is rather large, but that makes it easier to type/text and it's great for watching videos. The picture quality is awesome as well. I love this phone!

When I recieved the phone, I am disappointed. But after some discuss, I receieved the fact, and I will not buy the refurbished electronic goods. Ok, thinked over the positive attitude of the seller, I gived it 5-star.

ever since I inserted my sim card I have not been able to browse unless I use the WIFI...which I think is not the best ...please show me how to fix it or I return the phonethanks

Was never unlocked, I had to get my own unlock code. battery can die within a hour , I downloaded music and it would skip and replay music on its own , no screenshot , speaker volume sucks... Looks good bit not a great smartphone I've seen better on amazon.

I ordered this phone and paid for next day delivery. Due to unforseen weather conditions, it did not arrive on time. Received the phone, plugged it in until the meter showed fully charged. Powered phone on then unplugged. Phone went dead. Tried to power phone back on and it did nothing. Plugged it back in, showed 95% power on meter, phone powers back on normal. Unplugged and phone dies again...Phone works fine - IF you leave it plugged in constantly. Just because there are a few good reviews, I decided to give it a shot...won't be doing that again!

The phone freezes all the time so i have to take the battery out to unfreeze it. When I play music random things keep popping up and pausing my music.The battery only last half the day.

Love this phone as it has so many funcitons and features I can use. Small and easy to carry with one hand. Thank you.

I was expecting a top of the line smart phone and was excited to receive this phone, from the minute I first tried it, it sucked! The first thing I did was take a picture when I opened it and it immediately shut off. Thinking it was a charging issue, I set it to fully charge, afterwards I tried making a call, again it cut off, I mean full shut off and no turning back on. I tried again this time to use an app on the device and again it did the same thing, it shut down again. There was no guarantee I could use this device at any given time, I certainly did not expect to have to stay plugged in with a mobile device, but that was the only way it would work, then that proved futile too, it started shutting off even when plugged in. I hated the fact that I could not return for free to the seller and I especially dislike the inconvenience of having to without a proper working phone to conduct business since I got this thing. It isn't even really a good paperweight!!!

Well it arrived on time, but it arrived with a non working earpiece speaker, i'm not in the US and it seemed like a hassle so instead of returning the item I'm buying the replacement earpiece and replacing it myself..its simple to do. but beware the item received may not be fully functioning, apart from that the phone has great hardware specs and delivery was on point"

The phone works well. The camera was broken on the phone but what can you expect with a refurbished product? The phone works and I can run apps on it.

the relationship between price-performance is excellent, because to start with the android system allows you to see and exploit their OS.great phone.

This phone is set up to be used in Canada. After changing all of the presets I still was not able to connect to the internet with my data plan or home wifi. I gave up after 3 weeks.

Very strong a little heavy but not bad fast phone great pictures I like that the sim and sd slot are accessible without messing with the battery

I took this to england and it worked wonderful. It also has books on it to read and I love that too

Best phone ever it is way better then an iPhone 4s if you've thought between the 2 pick this one

I love that there are so many features that I am just learning. It is very easy to use, & I would definitely get another one if this one died.

I got this phone about a year ago and returned it for a full refund.. it worked pretty well, I remember having a few small issues with it but not what they were exactly.. one problem was the button to turn the screen off and on was so small, you had to press it extremely hard until it hurt your finger. Half the time I couldn't press it at all unless I used my nails. Hardly ideal for something you will be pressing all the time..

because l purchase that phone as new and in not new there was open and the screw were scrtachl don`t undestand why they do that.

i've used it for one month, and now i'm starting to tell you how i feel about the phonei was using blackberry 9780 before, and that was great phone too. however, htc a9192 is better at surfing the internet (you know how important it is :) this phone has a fair downloading speed, massive software to choose, and screen is big and nice)thanks to the seller for giving me some software in the phone already when i get it. and most of them are frequently used. specifically, some software like quickoffice, adobe reader, media player, dictionary just make my work easier and faster.it fits my need very well, but i have to say, the volume button on the left actually doesn't work very well. i gotta push it so HARD to turn the volume down, it's the only flaw. and kindda annoying me. i really wish i could have asked the seller to check the phone condition before they sold it to me.in general, good phone. recommend

I have it for two weeks and has been excellent.Everything described in the description of the phone is what I saw.An excellent phone, from applications to the release has been wonderful.I recommend it.The only downside is the length of the battery, but I bought two extra batteries and I'm always the data cable and thus the charge into any USB port, so the problem is resolved.Thanks and greetings from Costa Rica

I purchased two of these phones.  Both of them had issues.  The first one fortunately, it was just the battery.  The second one however, I have no idea what the issue is.  And of course it is now outside of the return period.  The phone is nothing more that a doorstop for me now.  Very very disappointing.

It's not even been a year since I purchased this phone and the speaker aren't working and the phone freezes up. I mean the phone size and key board is nice but the phone it's not worth buying for it to freeze up 5 months later.

I love HTC A9192 Inspire 4G unlocked Phone.8 MP Camera is really very good and also features are good.

Received the product from EZCORP pretty quick and it was in excellent condition. Even got a hand written &#34;Thank You&#34;, from the vendor. The product itself is great and does everything that i needed it to, wifi, music, good pic, and of course it came unlocked.

This cellphone works excelent on Costa Rica, I didn`t have problems with network, neither configurations, I recommended this one. Thanks

i  brought 2 of  these  one in February 2014 and  the  other in march 2014  to  Guyana .South America just  slip in my  degicel  Sim card phone  was ready  to  be used . internet  service  was  good. the  pictures  taken  was of  high quality.no  complains about  this  phone.

For less than 200$ this phone really impressed me, I don't understand the bad reviews, it works on my country and it was sent in perfect conditions, in the sealed box. I was a little bit scared buying this because of the bad reviews, but it's a pretty good phone that do it's job; the only thing I can complain it's that it's annoying to get the SIM card and the micro SD out.

good . i am happy .. i same looks the the image .... i ordered it  for my lovely sister .. she loves it ..

I got this phone less than 6 months ago, the phone shuts itself off for no apparent reason it is completely unresponsive so I  then have to remove the battery and reset the whole phone have to do this at least 2-5 times a month.  The battery does not hold charge for very long, few hours TOPS and that is with every power saver option I can find on the phone enabled to try to conserve power, I know other people that have this phone and like mine they spend more time charging the battery than actually using the phone! DONT BUY IT TRUST ME!!

is it good cell phone it has good scren y like it i loking for another htc in the future

the item is bit heavy but overall it is very good for the price... recommend it... good quality, memory, screen display...

Only thing i could find is battery does not hold charge as you would except. Other than that phone works fine.

I did buy this phone back in june of 2013 and the tuch screen don't work I tryed to contact Amozon to help me to fix the problem and they  toled me to call manfucture and they asked me the proof of the recipt and I faxed to them and they said the recipt don't have the serial number of the phone becuse of that they are not fxing the phone it is sad to spend this kind of mony and you don't get the help you need either from Amozon or from the seller .don,t buy this phoneever

This cellphone is pretty good, so I love it and I would recommend it to someone else who wants to get it.

Absolute worst phone I've ever had... Granted, I have T-Mobile. I've returned this phone probably 4-5 times and they've sent me back the same phone.. Same problems occur. Phone turns off when I take pictures, open texts, even open the phone from being on stand-by. Then when I get the phone back on (usually takes a solid 5 minutes to reboot) the battery is almost completely gone. This is a garbage phone. Absolutely worthless. Do not waste your hard earned money on this HTC.

This was an amazing phone in all but 2 ways. No matter which one we used, no micro SD card would work on this phone, which is sad because a good majority of the phone's functions need one. Secondly, the connection to 4G was shaky. Its ability to remain connected to WiFi wasn't stellar, either. If the phone didn't have these complications. you would have yourself an excellent phone.

I charged battery fully but drained within one hour of talk time. Very disappointed. Not up to the mark. Poor.

Product came before arrival time. Bought it used but looked brand new. I am very pleased with this purchase. I would recommend it to everyone.

Straight talk assisted me with the technical problem. Phone was unlocked. I just did not understand the technology. This phone works as good as my old iphone, but I like the apps and screen much better.

the thing i dont like about it is that the volume is too low i have to listen carefully to hear it ring out in a remote area and i dont like the fact that it doesnt have a dual camera and the battery life is very short but otherwise its ok

first off i must say the htc inspire 4g is an awesome phone . the one i bought was used and with a used phone u take a big risk the phone came locked but at&t gave the code in two minutes flat. the sd card was not reading messaged the seller and he replied in minutes willing to take back and replace or refund the item however i had fallen for the phone and i bought a sd flex had it installed and it worked great only hoped that the phone was not an at&t phone , the hotspot is locked to them if u plan on using a different carrier . but overall great seller and awesome phone.

Good&#34;

It's a nice mobile, nothing to envy to a Samsung mini S3, except: more heavy and Android OS 2, can not be upgrade by regular procedures, can be upgrade by a proffesional but the mobile can be &#34;bricked&#34;. Some applications from &#34;play store&#34; can't be download because Android OS 2 don't support apps such as &#34;BBM (blackberry messenger) and others&#34;

the phone itself is great! the phone i have specifically is so so.. its used so it has its problems from the previous handler but i like it a lot! i wouldnt recommend it now because its older but its nice

This was a great buy for me.I never had an android phone before.My old Blackberry was ok but this is much better.This phone works great with my hearing aids so I'm hands free when driving.It was a little hard to sat up a first.This phone has poor battery life.I was given  everything i needed with this phone.It come without a manuel,but found that on internet.I'm happy.

I want to return the phone and I need you to change it for a new one, because the one that I have is not working and I would like you to give me a solution as soon as you can. Thank for your help.

I took this phone to gift my brother in India and very disappointed with it. It works with other SIMs but the mic was defective. Inititally I thought it is something to do with the nextwork, but soon figured it out that it is a defective phoone. I will be in India for a month and dont think I can return it, had to shell out around $50/ for fix it , frustrating experience. Dont recommend at all...Pavan

I give 30% rating as the charged phone does not last an hour after being charged. The phone seems fully charged though.

Bought this for my boyfriend and its amazing. The screen is a good size and looks awesome. The camera takes great pictures and every this seems great quality. We've had it about a month now and he loves it! I was worried about it not being unlocked but it definitely was. For sure worth the money. I highly recommend buying this phone. I have recommended it to a number of friends already!

Works great, all the apps load. No problems so far and I've had it for 3 months now and very happy

This is my second purchase of the HTCA9192.  It is a great phone.The First one I purchased did not come unlock and it cost me $40 to get unlock.My second purchase was ok

It was on time and all i did was slip my sim card and my phone was working. I had to put the [...] for the interent. Other than that, it works nice and smooth. I had for about 3 days. I will give u a update in about a week.

Not satisfied this phone doesn't work properly not able to add ne contacts phone is always frozen will need a replacement

Best phone ever.i love it ,big screen,dont have to worry if you forget your charger coz battery is great,easy to manuever .will be buying another one soon for my cousin.

I bought a used HTC Inspire cell through Amazon. Reliable Cell delivered it and it was not the one I bought. Thus, I contacted them through the Amazon's web site. They sent me an email the next day and shipped the item that I have originally bought. It came the following week in perfect shape. They asked me to return back the original one that I bought only once I got the new one home. Reliable Cell sent me several emails on regular basis to keep me posted of the eventsI was a bit anxious initially, thinking that I might not get what I originally bought; but it turned out great. Thank you for your service and I will choose you over another supplier in the futureVP

I was completely unsatisfied with this product. The phone was missing thing that was suppose to be included, this is the second time this happened . I do not know why things are always missing but this makes me question if this phone is even new. I was absolutely not satisfied.

So far so good. Coming from an older style phone this is great. I connected it with Platinum tel and it works, the cheapest pay as you go company. The phone being unlocked is a big plus. The only down side is that it does not have a front camera and you cannot use Skype and other programs requiring a front camera. The Sd card feature is great, I purchased a 32gb for around $20. So far I am pleased with the phone.

This phone is not bad for the price, though it does not meet my expectations but generally it is manageable.

I just had this phone for about 2 months now. It worked fine the first 30 days, since after that it has been going blank from time to time. I have to work on it before it will come back on. It was suppose to be a new phone but I'm not sure if it was truely a new phone the seller sent to me.

I just recieved my "unlocked phone"  out here in afghanistan.  I am currently working here and needed a good phone to stay in contact with my family.  I installed the battery and charged it.  Next I put the sim card for this country in the phone and turned the phone on.  Guess what the phone does not read my sim card.  It tells me that their is no sim in the phone.  Sending it back is a problem as the mail here is very hard to get to in the first place and now I still do not have a phone to use to call someone to come and pick it up.

The phone is awesome and exceeds my expectations!  It is just like the HTC EVO that I tad with Sprint and missed so much.

The phone after awhile resets for no reason goes really slow it doesn't accept pictures it just deletes them

My htc not woking how can I return it the internet and the memory card not read at my htc I want to return

Buy one of these and it came to me with a damaged Battery and to buy a new tube, except that I delayed the order several times.

i bought this HTC phone, but came very old and doesnt work, and i returned the item one month ago but still didnt refund my money,i wrote too many time to seller but they say next week next week etc... all the time told lie.

Product arrived securely packaged and in excellent condition. Phone started and initialized properly the first time. An excellent 8MP camera. WIFI. Bought a 16GB memory card, separately.

phone looks new, but came with something off volume button to work properly detached hope I will be in contact after trying all functions as it supposed to be a new phone.!

I dont see any major drawbacks with this phone except for the battery life. I use this phone mainly for taking pics,playing games,browsing and ofcourse as a phone :)Pic quality is pretty good but a small drawback is that the phone loses charge pretty fast even with minimum usage. I have to charge it atleast once a day.

Awesome phone , i can pretty much do anything with it have no regrets .I will recomend to my friends.

I'm not happy with this product at all. I expected better quality from the description. The phone malfunctions constantly. If possible I would return this phone ASAP.

I had read all the negative reviews for this phone but the good ones out weighed the bad so I decided to give it a go. The unit I was sent was defective out of the box and I remembered all the people advising against it. I contacted amazon and they immediately sent out a new phone and gave me a ups label to return the defective one @ no extra cost. The second phone has been working perfectly and amazon's superior customer service took some of the sting off of getting a non working unit the first time. On an additional note, all those warnings of poor battery life, I've gotten the battery so far to go 36 to 40 hours btwn charges. over all it has been worth the price, just be sure to buy from amazon directly as you will then have the their guaranty backing you up.

thank you for getting my phone on time,but the one thing it doesn't work very good.If u put the phone on speaker people can't hear you. is very bad that u cannot put your phone on speaker.Last buy from this seller.

I have had this phone for a year and a half and have been experincing major bugs and crashes.  Now it is to the point of not even being able to turn it on because it crashes so often.

At first when purchasing this phone, I was very excited. When I took it out of the box, the covering for the battery was very hard to get off. I placed in the battery and put the phone to charge, but it then shut off and would not come on at all. I had to remove the battery and do the process all over again. Once it started up, I noticed that the left side of the phone did not work. It would not let me use letters 'a', 'w', 'e', or the numbers '1' and '2'.I contacted amazon because I wanted them to send me a new phone. Of course I would have returned the one that I had. They didn't give me the option to exchange. Only to keep it or return it for my money back. The UPS guy came by each time that I wasn't home which made it hard to return it. Now I'm stuck with this phone that I don't very much like because it does not work properly.If the phone worked at its best ability, it would be an okay phone. It doesn't have a front facing camera which is difficult and the damn thing shuts off when it wants to. I don't think I will be purchasing anything else from Amazon. Usually I have no problem when it comes to misc. things, but when its about electronics, things just seem as though it is hard for someone to co-operate with you.

This phone was no good. It worked ok for about a week and then it started doing what the old one did. Wouldn't hold a charge. Even when it was fully charged kept shutting itself off or freezing up. Wouldn't reccommend the phone.

The phone muyb good, both for its adaptation and its interface makes it superior to most in its class.I am very happy with this device and recommend it as being accessible in price and quality.

I can not download games that i would like to play, such as plants vs zombies 2 and it losses the signal very easy

i had to return the phone as there was an issue with it cutting off even though the battery had a full charge. also it was quite heavy.

the phone came lose in a box,the charger that came with phone was not the charger for that phone,once the correct charger was used it did not charge,the battery was chnaged and the phone kept turning off,the cellular coompany for the intended use said that the phone was not compatible

THIS PHONE ONLY CAME WITH ISSUES!!!!!!!!THE BATTERY DIES IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE AND MUST BE CHARGED DAILY. PHONE ALWAYS HOTTHE WIFI NEVER WORKED: I BOUGHT THE PHONE MAINLY FOR ITS PORTABLE HOTSPOT WHICH DOESNT WORK PLUS 4G WHICH IS THE ONLY BENEFIT IVE GOT FOR THE MONEY IVE WASTED ON AN AWEFUL PRODUCT. ANDROID IS GREAT BUT THE PHONE SUXXXXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!!

Excelente phone, and they send it faster than expected, they also included instructions to  set up the phone, they also included the memory 8 gb

I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this device. Its features are easily accessible and fun to use. I love my phone.

When I bought this phone it was good, now it has problems and I can't get a replacement because of the time that I had the phone. I've had the phone for about 2 months now.

Great Phone for the price, android is a solid OS, i love the weight it feels like a solid peace of hardware.... :)

Less bars than my Blackberry or my wife's Nokia flip phone.  Almost never see 4G, just an 'E' and do not know what that means.  Slow data transmission.

The back of the phone pieces do not fit properly. It should snap in place tightly to hold the battery in place

I never turned on this phone. I was taking the protective plastic off the phone when the back came off. I reattached only to find that it would not close properly. On closer inspection, I realized that one of the screws was missing. I wanted to exchange it but was not given that option. OVERALL: I love the weight of the phone (not as light as some others which is good since I like to keep my phone for a few years). I am giving it 2 stars just for the weight. Now I am back to shopping for a phone (bummer). Not sure if I should try another HTC (maybe this one was just the product of rush handling) or get another brand. P.S My first time returning on amazon and I am impressed. It was handled speedily without any hassle. GREAT JOB, Amazon.

Had mine for a week and I love it. Straight talk (my provider) not so much. Other than that issue love it

the phone isnt damaged its actually pretty good, but there is some very minimal almost non noticable wear and tear and a few scratches around, now it seems as if it has been used for about a week and then placed back in its box, the Box was not even sealed everything inside of it was mixed around and not organized properly in its packaging, i have not tried activating it yet but overall the fact that i payed for new packaging and recieved a used phone in good condition does not satisfy me. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM!!!!!!!!

The phone died within 3 weeks of purchase, sent back phone to seller who replaced the battery and sent the phone back to me only for the phone to die again within  2 weeks. I attempted to return the phone but this time the seller started accusing me of initially returning a &#34;heavily damaged&#34; phone and rejecting the same phone they were offering to take back a restocking fee of $35 for failing to return the charger. The phone at this time was and still is as intact as they had sold it to me and I was surprised at this turn of events. I was told to complain to whichever department I felt was necessary and implied that they did not care whether I did business with them or not. I suspect these are refurbished phones being advertised and sold as &#34;new&#34;, something I would consider fraudulent business ethics - Shame on them. I would be careful when buy a phone from this seller.

ok it paid like $100 for this phone was not expecting much and it did just that made call,send text and went on the internet

phone arrived in a timely manner. First the phone had programs and pictures that I didn't add. Second the phone couldn't hold a signal at all anywhere in my city...HTC said there was something wrong with the phone so, I tried calling Ross electronic. The phone rolls to voicemail....everytime. Finally someone responded via email. They tried to get me a new phone but then said they didn't have one,so I returned it and still waiting for my refund. :(

I bought one HTC Inspire for myself and then my mom liked it so much I bought her one too! They came in exactly as advertised, I was even glad to see they had a protective film on the screen which was nice because this is a product that is handled before it is sold due to it being unlocked. The only issue I had was that my mom wanted the owners manual and it did not come with one (which is fine in my opinion) but I was easily able to find it online. All-in-All a great product and a great seller!

Quite impressed with this.  The hardware is thin and light and feels solid.  The screen is great.  The touchscreen is responsive.  The CPU is fast.  With some effort you can install Cyanogen on it, to get rid of the awful HTC operating system, malware, bloatware, spyware and crapware.  In the very few moments I had this phone before deleting the HTC stock ROM, I did observe about fifty apps on it that are all crapware that it doesn't let you delete, so unless you like crapware or are planning to install Cyanogen, you might want to consider another phone.  I have not used it except under Cyanogen so other users may have a different experience.  One note on the seller, it's really slow to ship.  The site said it's in stock but it took over a week to ship it, even though I ordered next day delivery.WARNING TO T-MOBILE USERS: YOU WILL NOT LIKE THIS PHONE.  It does not have the hardware to support T-Mobile's 3G / 4G service.  That means you're stuck with EDGE (2G) which is slower than dialup modems.  You will not like it!  I assume this is fine for ATT users but T-Mobile users should choose something else.

I bought this phone thinking it was the best ever well not so i purchased two of them one for me one for my wife her works fine my has a lot of bugs not really user freindly compared to the android smart phones ive had in the past so look deep before you leep wanted to return but i didnt have one to put in place so i will buy something different and better.

I purchased 2 of these from Amazon as a reseller. I did not immediately purchase replacement insurance. Whenwe had to return my wife's phone to HTC service, they needed to verify that Ross Cellular was an authoriizedHTC distributor. We had to pay for shipment to HTC repair center. After it got there they notified me thata warranty void sticker had been removed and I would need to pay $160 for repair. After convincing them thatwe didn't even know about a sticker, HTC agreed to fix the phone under warranty "this time." After repair, theyshipped the phone to the wrong address.I would suggest checking the sim card area of your "NEW" phone for a warranty sticker and immediately returningit to AmazonI will try to call Amazon about the "as advertised" NEW phone.

The phone has the all the features that I wanted and suits my daily tasks. Phone is light and easy to set up.

HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and GPS--(Black)The user manual was not in the box. Emailed the seller and received prompt reply from Amazon providing HTC contact info. HTC advised manual can be downloaded online (which I was aware of) and offered to send the downloaded copies of the manual.Cons:Poor battery life and the backing for the battery is so securely attached to the phone I have been trying for 2 days to remove the battery cover.Poor camera quality. The pictures are very blury! Nothing compared to my HTC G2. Because it has 8 megapixels I was expected the camera to be sharp with great resolution. This is one of the main features that assisted in my decision to purchase. With that being said...not a happy buyer!Also I've been using the speaker phone during calls and many people have difficulty hearing.Was unable to send multi-media messages. I contacted ATT thinking it was a system setting they could assist with (fail) called T-mobile and they provided great troubleshooting. I'm hoping the pictures sent successfully because I did not yet receive any error message.PROS:Able to use T-Mobile SimThin lightweightNice size screen

I ordered this phone and it came in today. I put my SIM card in it and it kept saying &#34;No SIM card in phone&#34;. So, I then took it to the AT&T store where they informed me that the phone is broken and won't work with any SIM card. I, now, cannot get ahold of anyone on the phone to send the thing back! If you like stress and aggravation, then go ahead and get this phone!

Muy buen telefono, aunque la bater&iacute;a puede llegar a ser un problema para aquellos lo usan mucho, pero para mi una carga me dura el d&iacute;a completo.

I choose this rating because this phone has met  my expectation.  I like that it is easy and very friendly to users like me who are not so much into technology.  I am able to use most of the applications such as whatsup, viber, magic jack and so forth.  I can recommend to anyone that is into smart phone

Ok for just a phone to make and take calls. Not good for anything else. Doesn't have enough memory space. Even adding an SD card, that's still not valid. Was unable to delete pre loaded apps to free up space, wasn't able to open attachments either. This phone was a bust! Great seize phone, kind of heavy based on new age phones. Again, ok for just making calls.

Perfect phone, My second one due to the fact I broke the other one and I use it with straight talk and the phone is perfect.  It functions perfectly allows me to do everything I want to and is fast internet service and can be updated to the latest version.

We have had this phone for almost two months and the phone has decided to power off each time it goes into hibernate.  My husband has to take the battery out every time he wants to use the phone...very frustrating.  Amazon is helping us by refunding the phone, but it is frustrating to be without a phone again.

The phone does not meet its expectation.it freezes and won't operate well. I had on many occasions shut it trying to restart it

I bought this product and it seemed promising, it turned on and worked but it would not recognize my AT&T simcard so I switched it off and when I proceeded to switch it back on, it had a frozen screen telling me to reboot and what not. Now I have to ship it back and search for another phone to purchase which sucks cause it just adds to the days that I am phoneless.

I had purchased two of this phones and brought it to India to present to my relatives. You ownt believe, they faced the same issue on both those phones -  they are not able to type some letters on the screen. I mean, some part of the screen (dont remember the right bottom or left bottom) lost the sensitivity and stopped working. They contacted the India HTC team and they said it seems they wont be able to support as it is brought in US. Finally they had to throw it away!!!!I HATE THIS PRODUCT TO THE MOST AND WONT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY ONE!!! THIS IS JUST A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME! IF YOU ARE GIFTING IT TO SOMEONE, YOU SHOULD BE LUCKY ENOUGH NOT TO GET HATRED FROM THEM!!!!

Make sure you buy a case with this phone; the housing started stripping the same day I got the phone...which by the way came opened  and seems to have been used already...the speaker is POOR!!.. but when the headphones are in its ok. Anyhow, the phone works fine.

es un tremendo telefono me gusto mucho lo recomiendo y al vendedor ma&ntilde;ana me compro otro para mi hijo muchas gracia

I borrowed this phone from someone to use on vacation in the Caribbean as I personally don't have a phone (on purpose).  I loved it so much I got it as a gift for a new found friend.  Who by the way never even said thanks.  A good product.

what's this? The phone which was sent by you is damaged,it has a problem with usb connection place,sometimes I can't connect with charger or PC.

The phone arrived quicker than I expected and in good shape. Only thing missing would have been instructions for set up. Once I put in the old sim card the phone seems to be fine.  I would recommend this to anyone needing a phone and not wanting to spend hundreds of dollars.

I ordered a phone and there was some issues with it but the seller was not only kind but helpful. I returned the phone for an exchange and this phone works great. Everything is just as subscribed.

I love this phone. I bought it to replace the Inspire I had before (the only reason I replaced it was due to water damage & cracked screen). Shipped very fast! Extremely well packaged!! Absolutely love it!UPDATE: I loved this phone for the first 2-3 months. Then just like the one before it, started freaking out. Froze multiple times a day (especially when I went between data & wifi). I'd have to remove the battery all the time (so having a case on it became annoying). I held on hoping that I could just deal with it, but 8 months later I switched to the iPhone. It was great while it lasted, but maybe it's just HTC.

This phone will not allow me to access the T-Mobile data network.  Took it to a T-Mobile retail outlet and they said its locked?

this isn't quite what I was expecting . battery wasn't good and got replaced. good customer service. but phone's light stays on some time. bottom cover isn't attached properly , you can see width between cover.

I received the phone faster than expected. Once I received the phone I was impressed at how great of a shape the phone actually was, which is rare considering you are buying a new phone. However, the phone did freeze at times and sometimes the digitizer would act up so I returned it for a replacement. The second one I received wasn't in the shape of the first had more visible scratches than the first one where as the first one was immaculate. Having to pay for return shipping didnt sit we'll with me but it wasn't expensive at all and they were happy to help as best they could. However, considering the second home I received had too many visible scratches I returned it as we'll however, I would buy from this her again only gave four starts instead of five since I ended up not getting the home because of the scratches and it was the best one they had.

This is an amazing phone.  By far the best phone I have ever had.  Easy to use, great camera, I have had no issues with battery life.  However, I also make sure I have my charger all the time.If you aren't using wireless turn it off - saves battery life.  All-in-all I have to say this phone and the set up and amazing display are amoung the best out there.  Highly recommend.

I have bought this phone two months ago.The battery was damaged. The cable to charge it is broken now. I live in Colombia, so HTC Service is unavailable because it is an exclusive AT&T; product. I have to buy another battery, but the screen really consumes a lot of energy. The battery lasts for 4 hours... So short, and the phone increases its temperature so high.I don't recommend to buy it... There are better phones.

I have received the phone intact and so far it has worked beautifully. It is also the envy of some friends who are likely to make a similar purchaseIt is what I expected and ordered. According to your estimation it was delivered on time.I am now learning to use it.

This phone is just okay. the power switch to turn on and off is very slow. You have to hold the switch for a while before the phone respond.

It's a great phone everything kool on the phone just missing one the and that's front. Cam  it would of been a five if it had it on it

Am having battery problem. the battery does not last not even 3 hours straight i have to be keep charging the phone

Fast shpping, i always thought that iphone is top of the game, this phone the battery life very good.

This Phone is marvelous and I enjoy working with it even though the 3G does not work with my operator the phone is still great on the 2G

After about a week with my new HTC Inspire, I am pleased with my purchase.  This is an AT&T; Branded phone (AT&T; logo on casing and AT&T; Splash screen at boot), but it is unlocked.  I popped my international SIM into the device and it worked like a charm.  I would have appreciated mention of the AT&T; "branding" in the product description.I am not sure this device is "new", as described.  It came in a generic AT&T; box and there were some very minor blemishes on the casing.  This was not a big deal and after I put my protective case on, I can't even see them...  not that they were that bad to begin with.  I do, however, think this device is refurbished rather than new.Otherwise, the device is awesome.  It's fast, has a great display and does everything I need it to.  This is my first "droid" and after coming from an iPhone 3GS, I am not disappointed and don't miss the iPhone in the slightest.  I've read reviews about the battery life on this device, and they are correct.  The battery life is not great, but honestly no worse than my iPhone.  Unlike my iPhone, the battery is replaceable and I purchased a second for back-up.  Having removable and expandable SD storage is great.In the box was the phone, battery, quick-start guide, a USB cable and USB power adapter.  No headphones, but the headphones from my old iPhone (and current Blackberry) work in this device just fine.Overall, happy with my purchase and would recommend.  5 stars for the function and speed of device, price and Amazon service, but only 4 stars for the entire experience (AT&T; branding / likely refurb).

It needs me to pay more for the locked phone. It always asks me to input SIM network unlock PIN. What 's the hell it? ButIt says it's a unlocked phone...Bad....

good day, please check the shipping team Inspire 4G HTC A9192 was purchased unlocked and locked we arrived, we have not been able to use and send to my nephew in Colombia, has not been used. request prompt response. thanks

THE PHONE IS PHYSICALLY BEAUTIFUL. HOWEVER, IT HAS THE FOLLOWING PROBLEMS:1. FULLY CHARGED BATTERY DOES NOT LAST UP TO 24H RS, EXCEPT IF YOU DO NOT USE THE PHONE AT ALL.2. THE WI-FI IS VERY WEAK. I HAVE A VERY STRONG WI-FI IN MY HOUSE. CONNECTION DOES NOT FLUCTUATE IN OTHER PHONES, BUT THIS PHONE CONNECTS POORLY FOR A SHORT TIME AND DISCONNECTS AND RECONNECTS ALL BY ITSELF. EVEN AT THAT, IT DOES NOT RECEIVE ENOUGH WI-FI SERVICE, EVEN THOUGH THE WI-FI IS VERY STRONG AND OTHER PHONES CONNECT PERFECTLY.

This phone has great specs for most users who do not need the latest, fastest, dual-core hype.  I am very happy with this phone for reasons others have mentioned.There are only a few downsides:1. battery door design is poor;  difficult for most folks to  open.2. battery is probably undersized for the stock ROM and for high speed data.  I run CyanogenMod 7.2.0 on this device with the TalonACE CFS kernel which results in good battery life.  I lose about 1%/hour battery when the phone is allowed to sleep.  But if you are running the stock ROM, gaming, or facebooking all day you'll want to keep a charger with you.3. I'd prefer the volume and power buttons stuck up a bit higher with a more positive feel.Be aware that just because a phone is unlocked and usable on any GSM network it doesn't necessarily mean you will get high-speed data on all services.  On T-Mobile, for example, the frequencies needed for 3/4g are absent so you will be only on 2g.  I'm on wifi most of the time so this does not affect me.

It was exactly whaat i expected.  Everything works just fine for my tmobile sim i already have.  Thank you much

The phone seems to work fine - It would have been better if there was a user's manual with it.I was not able to even download one from the Internet! Still discovering features.Battery life is only good for a day. Other phones that I have owned, the battery life had lasted me 3 or 4 days.

Easy to use, many features, many pre-down loaded apps, great price, highly suggest. Good quality phone, do not regret purchase.

The charging port was bad from the beginning. It keep shutting off and turning back on. This was all within the first day

Picture messages not working, there is no reception at some places and some calls are drope out, the battery runs out fast but the video recording is clear and great

i receive this product a litle late and is not unlocked, now and with the help of the best mobile i could unlocked, grate phone. thanks

The phone was messed up, it refused to turn on except while it was plugged in. Otherwise, it just turned on and off.

Product works well.  Came on time no damage.  Product works as details suggested.  Buying the car charger was a good addition.

I regret buying this computer, I get my hands on a problem that could not be arranged (encedia and immediately was turned off), I should fix it on my own but it was not possible, therefore discarding.

The htc inspire 4g phone sadly disappointed me Much of the equipment arrived As New But the box was as USADA, Battery not work for me still does not work, Here in Venezuela Achievement not get this phone Paragraph A stack did not taste any paragraph to Appear It manufactures defects and incomplete came entirely not recommend this seller para no ... sorry I did not like What I received ... did not taste anything ...

the phone when i try to take a picture it shuts off all the time and it shuts off periodically too worse purchase, the seller sold me a deficit product

This could be such an excellent phone. It has lots of RAM, a fast processor, and a great camera in good lighting.I've owned three HTC Inspires in less than 9 months. I never dropped a single one, and took great care of them. After 7 months, not a single scratch could be seen on my phone.Inspire #1: Fine, except the proximity sensor never worked, causing me to accidentally hang up on calls when the screen didn't turn off. One day, the volume rocker just fell out. I can't explain it. I was adjusting the volume on Spotify and the plastic volume rocker just...fell out of the phone, and it's difficult to replace.-Called AT&T; - got a replacement.Inspire #2: Great phone for a week. Volume down was sticky and didn't always register properly. Dealt with it for two weeks and definitely couldn't live with it for another 1.2 years.-Called AT&T; - got a replacement.Inspire #3: Major antenna issues. Misses about 50% of the calls it is supposed to recieve. The AT&T; tower is about 1 mile from my house - on a mountain, and I'm directly line-of-sight to it. Sometimes the phone will show zero bars. Sometimes full bars. Sometimes it just misses a call. Yes, the back cover is on - and it was the same one from the previous two, which never missed a call.Thinking this issue was software-related, I flashed to Cyanogenmod and installed a new radio. And despite completely replacing the phone's original ROM, the problem persisted. Still missed about 50% of the calls. I wound up using a SIP provider with free incoming calls, routed missed calls to Google Voice, which then rang the SIP client on my phone. Needless to say, about 4 out of 10 calls I recieve wind up coming through the VoIP line - which means it missed the original call. The funny thing? VoIP rings over 3G, which means the phone just has an issue with calls - not data.So, after dealing with three HTC Inspire phones, they are truly terrible, poorly-manufactured devices. I will never buy an HTC product again. I've given them three chances, and they've failed on every single one.Never again, HTC. Never again.

Tempered Praise for the Inspire 4GGreat phone, does all I want it to and was a decent price. I am a contractor and my big problem with the HTC Inspire was that I ran it out of power in about 8 or 9 hours - and my day normally last 10 to 12 hours. Great phone, but no battery life. The Inspire (that I bought 2 weeks ago) has been was great, but the battery wasn't quite keeping up with my battery requirements. My first thought was about purchasing and then job-swapping out the batteries, but the difficult-opening side cover made it become 'Plan Z'. So I had to find - and did find a solution. See recommendations.RECOMMENDATION: I got the PowerSkin Protective Case with Built-in Battery for HTC Desire HD/Inspire 4G - Black from thru AMAZON and put it directly on my HTC Inspire. In addition there aren't many batteries on the after-market that looked to significantly extend the phone's power out to a full day. This powerskin has already made itself worth the price, because it is currently noon and I have ran it out of power, but it took 17 hours. Realistically I will have to charge it daily, but I was already doing that with my work radio and garmin GPS (oh yeah - there is an android app for that for 99 cents) so it's not as big an inconvenience since I do that by force of habit. If this works out and if I can find the decent radio app for the phone that talks well to my work's relay tower then I may be able to only carry just one electronic 'tool'.6-16-2012 Update. I have found an additional way to save power. I have replaced many of the widgets that were 'always running' (and sucking up power) in the htc 4G Inspire with apps that I turn on and off as I need them. I am now up to 74-78 hours of usage time.

I think the team is good, have not much experience in this world of the smart phone, but it is well fluid've seen from HTC.The only thing I dislike about this is the time duration of the battery is exhausted soon.Another thing I do not like is that the screen is very dirty .....I give it three stars ......regards....

The phone works perfectly, with a big screen yet still a reasonable size, it's all it needs to be. Most things are done simply, but if they not simple than they're practically hidden or can't be done, like when I was trying to get rid of the excess pages on the phone, which I still haven't been able to do.

I liked the phone until the wifi stopped working after 3 months for no reason.  The wifi is the reason I wanted to get a new phone.  I don't wanna pay for a real expensive data plan and I don't use internet too much, but like to have it when I'm out and in a wifi zone.  And the battery is terrible, barely lasts a day after charging.  My last Tmobile phone had issues too, I'll be dropping Tmobile once my contract is up and switching to a network that has Iphone.

I will never buy a phone online again. This phone did not work properly. Description said thatIit was in great condition. Couldnt even make a call or receive one. I would like my money back.

good writing you from Venezuela, I do not recommend buying from this store, the phone seems to me that is repaired, because where the battery is installed was up the paper and glue, did not bring headphones and came in different box, I feel cheated by buying very bad seller, raiza, Venezuela.

Good Phone..  HTC Must learn  how to design the SIM SLOT and Back Covers..on this Phone.. SIM Solts jammed on Brand New Phone... Back Covers does not close with out gaps.  Got it Repaired out side a brand new phone... other wise on Functional wise this is best phone

In the description it says:"This unlocked cell phone is compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T; and T-Mobile. Not all carrier features may be supported.Ultra-fast, 4G-enabled smartphone running Android 2.2 with 4.3-inch multi-touch Super LCD display."Instead, why don't you include the useful information like the bands (frequencies) covered?  That way people can tell if this phone will work on their network.Something like this would be great,Network:HSPA+ 850/1900 MHzGSM/GPRS/EDGE 850/900/1800/1900 MHzNow I pulled this from the HTC At&t; page, but that doesn't mean this is what this phone is.  Please clarify for users in foreign countries where the carrier is less important than the bands covered.Cheers

I have problems with this phone I bought on February 15. I know it's been a while. But last week while the phone was loaded heated at a temperature too high, it was impossible to touch the high temperature that had. I started using it disconnect, but the phone is not turned on, and only works if it is charging. Otherwise the phone is useless. What could I do? I lost my money? Who do I contact? I do not live in USA, so I find it impossible to communicate directly with the seller. But I'd like a BIG problem solved. thanks

just bought when i open battery broken volume control.and see made very cheap part.and screen not change wide.i got dell window phone vinus pro  but it take only at&t.; so i ordered.dell window was really great.

The charger head was not functioning properly. I Would put the charger into it and it would say charger device was not working. Battery stayed dead. Buy something else.

excelente producto en perfecto estado cumple con las caracteristicas puestas por el vendedor, no tiene rayaduras y opera de una buena manera, muy bueno

i got my phone very fast and is perfect. i am very happy with it and so glad i was able to get this deal.

I just received this product, advertised and sold as &#34;unlocked&#34;.  First thing I see when I boot it up is &#34;Network locked&#34;.  The thing is useless to me for at _least_ a week.  I broke my other one, and needed a replacement right away.  Do not buy from this seller, unless you prefer to deal with liars.

The phones were working good, no scratches like brand new. The service was excellent received before the date to exprcted and they kept in touch right through out.

i had the phone for almost 3 mths it stopped working last week, kept resetting saying abnormal reset. it would disconnect calls while in a call. battery would last for only an hour had to recharge it. when people would call they wouldnt be able to get through most of the time. i would not reccomend this phone to anyone

I received an item as expected, new and unlocked. Everything works perfectly and smoothly. I feel satisfied with this purchase

I have had two of these phones and they both died the same way. One of them died in warranty (then they replace your phone with a refurb and the warranty is only 90 days) they other one died after the warranty period.While they worked they were nice phones, now I have to go back to a way older smart phone until I can upgrade. I would NOT recommend this phone, any positive reviews you have read have been written by people who had not had their phone for very long and want to brag it up (because like I said when it was new it was a very nice phone).

they sent the phone I asked. the model on the box was A9191 and the label said A9192. There was confusion in the team. and I am very unhappy because he had requested the A9192 which was more internal memory.

This is a present for my wife, very useful and she is happy with her gift. I will recommend it.!

Nice

I love this phone I had a good experience with the last one I bought .

Dont buy this, its unreliable i couldnt beleive this phone would fail with in 4 months, and the customer support is rude and ridicules

Buyer please be aware. Please check its model number before buying and compare with htc official website. I tried to purchase this product but when I read all the reviews,I checked its model number and I changed my mind.

So far this is an excellent phone. The phone feels solid. The battery life of 4 days with a signal strength of 2 to 3 bars in standby is acceptable. I am roaming on a Piranah card which uses T-Mobile in the US and although this is an AT&T branded phone, 3G works fine. The display is large yet the phone is small and thin enough to fit into a pocket.  Wifi and Android performs identically to a Samsung tablet with the same 2.3 operating system. However when surfing the display uses a lot of power and will deplete the battery in less then a hour if you are not plugged in. This phone replaces another with a 3.2 display and the same operating system yet it seem to use about the same amount of power when online. Ft. Pierce, FL

works well (I bought it intending to not use it as a phone, just a camera, mp3 player, wifi device and play a few games). Shipped fast and item is as described.

The first is saying a new cell, and is labeled Refiushe, the microphone does not work, take it to repair and still not fix. Pay for a new phone without problems, and received a cell with problems and refiushe. I feel cheated and deceived.

Phone has no resepition, I am not using the phone at this time. it does not work at all. I really need help. I want to return it. what is your return policy?

accidentally ruined my phone,i knew i was going to have to replace it.the htc inspire" hasnt been out for long,so i figured i'd get one that was used.i received this phone,and after purchasing it,im glad i did!!the phone was like brand new,not even a scratch......and i got it for a pretty good deal too,at $280.00.you guys came to the rescue,and i ended up with the most sought after phone too.

The phone I got was actually locked to at&t. I was also supposed to get an otterbox with the phone but did not receive one.

Good device and in great shape but they probably should have removed the old data from the device before selling it again. I had photos and videos of someone else on the phone when I received it.

The batter import got missed up so I have to by me and a battery charger witch was really cheap

IF YOU HAVE MONEY TO WATSE YOU CAN BUY THIS PHONE..THE PHONE SCREEN GAVE TROUBLE FROM THE FIRST DAY I RECIEVED IT.TWO MONTHS LATER IT STOP RESPONDING.

i need this item bye the 26 or 25 of this month is a gift for my wife she need a phone

Yeah this phone has its flaws, like glitchy and somewhat unresponsive touch screen, its gotten some abuse the last year and a half I've had it. The durability of this phone is like no other. I've seen other people who have smartphones drop it once and its toast, especially iPhones. With the htc sensation I have, accidentally left it in pouring rain, dropped it out of cars countless times, dropped it on concrete from 4- 5 feet dozens of times, I've actually accidentally stepped on it one of those times on accident, my dog chewed on it at some point, all this, WITHOUT a case! It's not a Nokia, but its impressive for a smartphone. It does random restarts and the touch screen does its own thing sometimes, but to be the durability outweighs the annoying little negatives. 4 stars! Oh and one more thing, after a while if you are clumsy like me, the touch screen doesn't respond very well to large fingers, I have small fine fingers and I can use it with no problem. However my friends with larger fingers can never ever seem to get the phone to do what they want it to do.

Despite it is a used cell phone, it is in very good conditions and working as if it was new.It was received before I expected.

Unable to receive/send pictures and unable to use internet due to not truly unlocked....phone wants to use at&t internet and data but I have tmobile

I love it, the sound could be a little louder but I will not change it for any other phone. Have this phone for 2 month no issues.

Wow I don't even know why people would dislike this phone is awesome and with the net 10 unlimited service is awesome having unlimited everything!! Had a I phone 3 and 4 and this thing makes those seem cheap and restraining

My sister brought this phone from America last week and gave me as a gift. I was pretty excited by looking at the large touch screen and awesome apps. I am using it in Pakistan with SIM of Telenor GSM service provider and its working perfectly fine. All I want to say is its the best phone I ever had it in my life.Few things you may need to ponder but these are not meant to degrade the rating of this product:1. Battery life is a bit point of concern and you need to charge it once in 24 hours.2. You need a SD card otherwise few apps will not work. e.g its internal battery cant support few apps (Games) and even the camera pics3. Although the blutekusa says its a brand new product but my sister received the cell phone in an ordinary box with a charger and there was no manual with it.But overall the product is excellent and highly recommended.

This is a must buy phone. Great performance and speed. Large screen and easy to use key functions. Works well with tmobile.

The phone is ok, but some features dont work since it wasnt properly unlocked or rooted.AT the moment the wifi hot spot and the navigation doesnt work, it tells me to log on to att in order to solve. kind off dissapointed by that.

I little heavy, but works very well! It is fast and the memory is good.I would buy another one.

typed unlocked but i found at&t; word typed on the phone back ,absolutely i am not sure that it will work in egypt.and no earphone

After one week charging port on phone quit working so I slammed the phone into pieces thx for a junk phone

Got it and loved it.  I should have bought this before I bought another. Easy to use and set up was a breeze. I'm happy with this and at the price, I am very happy. Thanks.

Its a good phone I will huy it dow the road for prepaid svcs or international travel.Or for the teen ..

The specifications says: UNLOCKEDBut this is not true, i got one phone and this does not work with my provider and now a have to pay for an unblocked PINthis is not correct.

excellent graphics but difficult connection and audio on T-mobile.  e eUsed on T-mobile system the Aspire only communicates at 2G and sound for the listener is sometimes garbled.

battery doesn't hold the charge very well, the phone itself isn't bad, except of the battery, something needs to be done to fix the issue.

I wanted a bigger phone, with a better camera....that was also unlocked. This phone met those requirements. I cannot express how AWESOME the seller was...very quick and courteous service. However, I should have done a &#34;little&#34; more research on this phone.  The phone is ok, but the HTC Sense launcher that is installed, is a joke.  I changed the default wallpaper to a different one (already installed on phone) and it locked the phone up.  It kept freezing at least 3 to 4 times a day.  After doing some research, I had to set the wallpaper and settings to &#34;default&#34; which helped this problem.  It locks up every other day it seems, but other than that it works ok.  Camera is awesome, and the size is great.

Compre un producto ofrecido como nuevo por parte del vendedor y me enviaron un equipo usado con signos evidentes de maltrato y faltando a todas las condiciones ofrecidas

I have to charge it five times a day which is not okay.I hope mangoes wireless will help me up

Me parece demasiado bueno, la bater&iacute;a se baja r&aacute;pido peroeso no es ning&uacute;n problema (carga r&aacute;pido).y lo otro es que no tiene c&aacute;mara frontal, pero ya es eso lo indicalas especificaciones. Se mueve muy bien,  f&aacute;cil e intuitivo.

I've had my HTC Inspire for almost two years now, and for the most part, I like it very much.  The layout is user-friendly--it's easy to get from the main menu to apps to the phone features, and it allows you to pick your favorite apps for the main menu.  I can listen to Pandora or FM radio while doing other things.  The touchscreen is about as good as you can expect for a phone; there's only so much room you have to hit each key, and there are arrow keys that allow you to weave through emails or text messages.  The online features allow for four windows to be opened at once, and it's easy to navigate and use the finger-pinch movement to zoom in or out of a page.  When opening a video, the video automatically fills the page--no zooming in required.  The clock is big and bold; it shows the weather...most things that are typical of a good smartphone.A few downsides that I hope are fixed on newer models--the battery cover is a PAIN to remove.  I've actually hurt myself trying to get this thing off, and had to watch a YouTube tutorial to figure it out (take a fingernail or sharp object and carefully shimmy it into the corner NEXT TO the indention--be careful or you can hurt yourself!).  The battery is so-so--you have to charge it every night but sometimes the battery will last great all day and then others, it's down to yellow before dinner, and there are no more programs running on it than any other day.  The SIM card has to be in the case just-so and has a tendency to slip out of position from time-to-time.  Not a big problem--just something to be aware of.  And sometimes when typing online, the keyboard will pop up and the online screem will move in such a position that I can't see what I'm typing (this is especially bad with email).  The sound quality, for the most part, is good, but if you're listening to Whitney Houston when she hits those higher octaves...it can overwhelm the volume and make a squeaky noise through the headphones.All that being said, the minor flaws are outweighed by everything else.  It's a good phone with a lot of features and some flaws.  I would recommend it but be aware of some imperfections.

It's a good cell phone and it was recommeded by a friend. Until now, i hace had en excellet experience.I recommend this productos.Thanks

I got this phone 3 days ago ,and everything is amazing in it so far , but the loudspeaker is sucks (tiny voice), so sometimes it's ringing and I don't  hear the ringtone ..I have Evo 4g ,  Inspire 4G is better in (Screen resolution , processor ,Weight , size ,and shape) , but Evo has a more quality Loud speaker.

I bought this item in may and to date still happy with my choice of phone. I have recommended  it to my friends. Shipmemt was fast.

I bought this phone as a birthday gift for my teenage daughter.  She loves this thing. Takes excellent photographs.  The weather on screen is cool.  She was pushing for a phone and a tablet, but this one does so much, she does not want or need a tablet anymore.

Got it on time but it was not unlocked as mentioned in the title. The seller did send me the unlock code once I complained directly. The phone is pretty good in all aspects except battery life. This was expected though.I am using it overseas and have not had much issues with calls or internet. The only thing to know is that the wifi hotspot is still locked even if the phone is unlocked. You will have to root it in order to gain full potential. I have not done that yet.Very happy with it overall.

Phone constantly reboot or power off.  Phone would reboot in the mid of a conversation.  Would reset ring tone and delete ring tones.  Remove software that are in use.  Will never again get a HTC.Terribly upset.

This is a heavy duty built phone and packed full of things to customize the phone the why you want it.This phone can run up to a 32 gig sd card ,the only thing I see it dosnt have is a front camera.The phones os can be upgraded at the HTC web site to the Desire HD if the inspires os is having problems.

Two phones has scratches, and sometimes turn off.plus is quite slow during use. I dont like it. It was sopoussed to be phones working perfectly

When i ordered this phone i heard a lot of good reviews about it. But honestly the sound and the phone sensitivity is not up to the mark. Also since this was used, it has some instances when it just hangs and forecloses all the apps. I wouldn't say its a bad phone, but the condition is not up to the mark from what was advertised

The phone comes in an att box and sure enough was not unlocked when i tried to go to tmobile but as it turned out att had the better plan so i went there and was able to get the phone working there. They claimed i could call att to the get phone unlocked via email.Other than that phone seems decent.

GPS is dead and it is not being recognized with any navigation app (google map, waze, gps status, etc) Nothing!!!

The phone didn't work at all. The phone didn't even charge. Tried charging it all day but no luck. Phone was sold as new but was used!!

Hithe microphone functionality was bad and I returned the device.poor call quality. its not a good piece of electronic toy

Its signal reception is awful. Plus, as it's supposed to be a 4G phone,  there is no front camera. It's a waste of money.

I purchased this device for the purposes of using it as a planless, iTouch equivalentSo far in 24 hrs it has not failed me.i love it and all that it can do.still waiting on a separate micro sd so i can do more but that doesn't affect my feelings towards this product at all.Shipping was quick and efficient.came unlocked as requestedI can have fm radio(i Touch can't)I have free gps (itouch can't)I have an 8 mp camera (itouch is less)all and more for a third of the price.your move Apple

Right out the box set up was fast and easy after battery was charged. You need to be careful how you install the battery in the phone compartment-logo goes upside down, not rightside up or else no charge and no power. The battery compartment cover is a real pain to get on and off. You need to gently pry open with the edge of a dime-thinner than a penny and don't be anxious and get carried away as I can see it easily getting broken (it's not very thick plastic, its pretty thin-battery door design is crappy). phone boots up fast and apps load fast. Unlocked as advertised and my SIM from Consumer Cellular worked, no problem. I get good cell signal, great sound on calls, great WiFi signal. I don't use my data plan much as it costs too much so I use WiFi when I can. You can transfer your contacts from your other phone when you go thru set up just by turning on Bluetooth on both phones making that a snap. So far this GSM phone has far surpassed my Samsung and LG. Only had it less than a week but fast shut down and reboot is a snap. I don't understand all the bad ratings.

This "unlocked" phone did not work properly on T-Mobile, did not run on 4G, did not run on 3G, so it rendered the phone useless for data, it worked OK as a phone or for texting.Returned to vendor, as I was expecting better.

I wish i could give it a 5 star but the speaker phone function is not ok, when i select speaker mode the other person can not read me. Other than that is pretty good phone.

This phone gets a one simply because I bought it new and it came with a faulty battery.I returned it and got a full refund though.

This is a great phone, it is fast, the display is awesome, touch is great, camera is great and it has everything you would expect from an advanced first line smart phone. on the down side, it is a little bit heavier than the competition and it feels a bit too heavy, in addition, sound quality, especially on speaker phone is not as good as other phones I used. when listening to music with headset quality is really good, maybe even better than other phones (using quality headset). Body is Aluminium, good and bad I guess, it is not as pleasant to hold, but with a case there is no difference. My phone came with customized AT&T Gingerbread 2.3.3, which is rather messy to root and replace ROM, unless done by a very very qualified person. I would not recommend it for people who intend to go through this process

I writting from venezuelan, i worried because i buyed this phone Unlocked but i have a friend's that buyed a Galaxy Unlocked and can't use with any operator i'm reading i think that i needed buy a Unlocked International Phone, any recommendations?

Phone is ok but it was a AT&T phone. I am with T-Mobile and could not have all the apps. and services.

freezes up , restarts , brand new lol

***Update*** This phone is horrible. I purchased 3 in all. They all had the same issues. People constantly complained they could not hear me or my wife on both hand held and speaker modes. The charging ports wore out in 3months so we had to constantly fiddle with the it to get it to charge. The battery life is very short. Wifi and Cell signal was poor as well. This is by far the worst phone I have ever had!Only had the phones 7 months and finally gave up; purchased two new phones and we are so much happier with them. Buyer beware!!!At first glance the phone looks new. Once you open the battery and SIM compartment things start to show wear. The charger for sure is used. It has several scratches on it which makes me question the condition of the phone even more. Why sell this on Amazon as new if it is used? Call it what it is and name your price! The battery was completely dead upon arrival so I am charging now. I will post an update when I have had time to play around with it. Four stars for now, simply because I think there seems to be a question of misleading representation on the condition of these phones.

Terrible phone don't get it. It freezes all the time turns on and off all the time and the battery life sucks

Nothing like what was described in ad. The phone freezes and resets its self. It hardly works. I was ripped off

Met my expectation exactly as I was expected n time delivery was superm. Will recommend to to friends and intention of getting another one for my sister

I have purchased this cell phone some months ago and at first it was okay but the volume on the microphone is very low I have to shout while on the phone so that the caller can hear me also the ATT applications takes up a lot of memory and there is no way you can delete these applications.

had trouble from day one. antenna (sim card ?)used 5 before requesting return which was granted but at a high cost.

The area where I live has a weak signal for 4-G. I had to purchase a 3-G telephone. Thank you

I bought this phone as a used product. It only has a small scratch on the back, its working great but it takes forever to charge completely.

I bought this phone about a year ago. Within 3 weeks it stopped working. I replaced it under warrenty. I went about seven months with no real issues at all. Then the voice dialer kept breaking unto whatever application I was using and scrambleing the application. I had never activated this application. I was told I could not deactivate it because it was hard wired into the phone. A factory reset did not fix this problem. When I complained to tech support they offerred to replace the phone. Since the problem was with factory installed software I did not see how this was a fix. Their software was functioning as malware and they could not fix it. I got no where. I am getting the same poorly operating phone as a replacement. Do not buy this phone. Unless you like spending hours on tech support and waiting a week for a replacement with the knowledge that you will soon be able to do it all again.I will never buy an HTC product again. I am still considering whether I will ever go with AT&T; again since they sold me this phone to begine with.

its a very good product it arrived on time and it is completly funcionalim so happy with the product and all the things

THe Phones Works Excelent, great speed, the cam get really great quality... Android + HTC sense is a nice interface... The only issue with the phone is the battery Life, but if you have a car charger and USB cable with you in the office you dont need to worry about it.... if ATT release the gingerbread update will be perfect!

The Volume button don't work, I have audio problem. I have problem with drop calls, it might be a network problem I don't know! I bought it as New Phone, But I think this phone is refurbished junk that they sold to me. Thanks "TABLET DISTRIBUTORS". I will keep your junk phone, but I won't buy anythings else from you!

I like its huge screen. Much bigger than iPhone's. It's really a great choice for boys who love big screen.

This is my third phone of this kind.  The phone came in early, but just as the second phone.  It stopped working within the first month.  That is why I gave it a 2 rating.  My first phone of this kind worked perfectly for up to about three years.  Now I don't know what to do with my phone.  It gets hot so quickly even when it is not in use.  Is freezes all the time and now I am afraid to turn it off, because it is extremely hard to get it to turn on.  I am not happy at all.

The really do not understand what the mentality of you as a shop, I bought a supposedly new phone once I receive software problem has me, I write I get two phone numbers that do not work, but do not really want to talk to you want my money, I feel cheated by you, the phone does not work do not want my money I can use &#34;NOW&#34;

This rebuilt one seems just like new, with a 8G sd card and runs really fast! I love it, thougt what I wanted was a smaller one.

They completely lied to me the phone is not unlocked they waisted my time and money i will be traveling soon and im going to be completly phone less dont buy!!!&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;

My cellphone is not new, the microphone  is not working and it had an information of other person, like pictures and contacts. I really desappointed.

Buy two of these phones and they work perfectly. They arrived in good condition and only they put my chip and immediately started to enjoy!Very good purchase and I'll buy soon others that you offer.

this product is very good congratulations on having for sale and hopefully continue in existence, to continue serving wing people

PRIOR TO PURCHASING THIS ITEM, HAD A LOT OF AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND COMMENTS FROM OTHER USERS/BUYERS.THIS HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone IS AWESOME. WILL HAVE TO DEDICATE SOME TIME TO GETTING TO KNOW IT THOROUGHLY.PROMPT AND HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL ATTENTION RECEIVED FROM AMAZON.THANKSRON

I ordered the Inspire 4G but got the Desire HD with an Inspire 4G sticker on the box.  They are clearly not the same phone and the Desire is less expensive.  What do I do now?

I kinda was interetsed in this phone, and they did not send the SD card you need to take pictures, and it shown on the box it comes with it and the fact that it was unlocked, but if you have T Mobile you will only get Edge or E internet service. This is not even 3G. I came home from my part time job around 4 hours and tried to turn it on and it would not turn on. I tried to take the battery out and try again. Nothing gain. I sent it back and am getting the HTC HD2 It is the same phone pretty much only its cheaper. Maybe i just got a bad one but to not have all the accessories and not turning on. I haave zero faith in this phone andd to those that buy it good luck!

That cell phone was not working the display so i had to pay to fix that so it was not really good

Purchased this phone, was what i expected but as 2 days after the warranty expired lcd got a black line. not worth it.

claims to work with T-Mobile. they don't tell you it only work in 2G. they don't support T-Mobile 2100 band. I would sue if it was a larger item.

honest worst smartphone all the hype for this phone was for nothing. this phone has a problem with its sim card not staying connected. second the phone can not handle more then 1 or 2 apps installed from the play store. piece of junk i have to say. this month i am due for an upgrade and its been the worst 2 years having this phone bye bye htc not going to be buying another

Bought it for a relative overseas, she loved it . Both the look, and the functions, it works well  there despite her concerns of different networks

I was very excited when I got this device, but after start using it, I got very disappointed. This phone was listed as NEW but it was obvious that it was a refubished phone. Additionally, I only received the phone, battery, and charger, NO MicroSD memory card or microphone/earphone were received with the shipment. I had to have a charger constantly on me to get through the day. The phone froze up constantly, making me have to remove the battery and insert it again in order to make it boot up again, the camara doesn't work and almost all programs foreclose. I live in Venezuela so I can't return this product. I hope it helps future buyers to think twice before getting this phone. Bad experience for me.

they sell use phone for new. less than a day my phone was actin up . when i finally have enough they gonna tell me i only get 65 $ bck how nasty are they

Sep 21 I ordered for the first time, Sep 27 arrived a used and broken one. I mailed back and required a new one, and the customer service contacted me only when i wrote review for them through amazon. Oct 3 arrived the second one which could never be fully charged after 8 hours charging. Also the 8G MicroSD card was missing. I mailed them back again and wrote a review on amazon. The customer service person asked me to delete my review and promised me they would send me a new phone with 8G MicroSD card as soon as possible. But they just gave me an empty tracking number and kept me waiting. Finally on Oct15 the last phone came but it was 5 days later then showed on the empty tracking number and they only gave me a 4G card!!!!! I could not believe this! After a month waiting and wasting my time on negotiating with them, while missing a lot of phones/ text and paying for my phone plan, I payed a lot to trust them again and again. So I askd them for an 30% amount of refund, which is resonable for any other companies I ever bought stuff at. But the costumer service who contacted me for a month said she could not handle this amount and forwarded my case to a bigger manager. And it has been a month now no one replys me!!!!!! I am very angry abou this!!!! NEVER buy phone in this company! They will bring you much trouble!!!!!!

The phone is OK. The battery life is abysmal, and the camera is lacking. It was easy to customize and visually appealing, which is pretty standard for HTC products. If that's your style, this won't leave you high or dry.

I bought this phone in October 2011 before I go to vacation. Only few days were left to departure and needed to get accelerated shipping. They were so helpful and received the phone a day before my departure.I started to use immediately and did not have any problem till today. The flashlight on the back is amazing.

The phoen ia a great phone applications are A+ everything works well. However i checked on Gsm areana it says phone came with 8gm memory card i never got one. also i got a note on the box saying "we have gone green click on the link below to get user manual.. are you serious? a user manual?

The phose has a lot of capacities.Several issues I had (and have):- It is indeed an unlocked phone. You can use it to call and tx msg. To use internet you have to change some datas manually. I called my company (T-mobile) and they helped me with that. But you won't be able to use the 4G even if your sim card is AT&T.; You need a plan for that. This is something you should be aware of! Don't buy this phone for it's 4G: it won't work!- An huge issue that I had: the phone was freezing ALL THE TIME - it was crazy.... But I read about it on internet, and this issue seems to be pretty common with this phone. A solution exist: to download Launcher Ex. I don't use the htc sense anymore but the launcher and I never had this problem anymore. The phone works good, but I have a problem finding some applications and widgets I use to have...- An other thing that I don't like is that when I download applications some of them won't go on the SD card and can only be in the phone memory. This is something that really bother me because I have the phone for more or less 1 or 2 month and the phone memory is already half full and my SD card is almost empty and there is nothing I can do about that! Also, the fact that you have to move each application manually from the phone memory to the SD card each time you download an application is annoying too... it should be automatic!!!If you can deal with this issues then the phone is fine. I am still happy about this phone because I really needed an unlocked phone (because I travel all the time - even if i have no idea yet if it is going to work with a foreign sim card...), that goes on internet!Also if you live in the USA, many prepaid plan are available that are not very expensive and would let you do most of the things you need...So overall: it is not a bad deal and it is the price to pay to be free and not stuck with a 2 years plan!

First let me say this is an awesome phone, I was really impressed with it . . . well at least with the features I can access . . . This phone is listed as unlocked . . IT ISN'T!!!!!  I received a phone which I now have to pay to unlock. Also the seal on the box had been broken, the battery was out of its little packet and the plastic sleeve on the phone had obviously been removed and replaced. This is why I usually only buy items where the seller is Amazon. Won't make that mistake again.

the cell phone could not work for more than one day even it is new, I changed battery but also,

how i expected, the phone was like new, very good conditions, the only bad  thing is battery do not longs all the day,but all the another things works great,i recommend it

I love this phone, it is logical, it connects to my Toyota Entune phone system (music too), it has a nice large screen that rotates for even larger view, HTC has excellent tech support (ask them for the 190 some pages guide, it is invaluable, I am still learning things to do with the phone, I find the phone to operate fast, I do not have a data plan so my internet use is from wifi at home and hotspots in public places, it is quickest at home (I conclude that the speed is related to the signal to the phone, with a good signal it is fast; it works well as a telephone too with good voice quality on both ends; it has several home screens for quick access to programs, you can add widgets (shortcuts) for frequently used applications, the phone has a voice system too for directing phone (I haven't used this much yet but seems a time saver), the only problem that I have occasionally is backing out of internet sites, HYC tech support suggested some things that I have not tried yet (uninstalling apps one at a time to see which one is causing the problem), this has not been enough of a problem that I have tried the suggestions, I have not used the camera much but it seems just okay, I tried out 4 smart phones before I found this one, the others would not connect for phone function to my Toyota system (some non smart phones do (Nokia X2-01 $100 and Alcatel 871a $30, you can unlock Alcatel yourself from online video)

The purchase of the HTC was a present for my wife's birthday . She  was tired of lugging around her laptop whenever we traveled. The HTC was fully functional as promised. Easy to use, lightweight and lots of apps. Great price.

The phone didnt came with Memory Card. The phone is slow and some times the plastic cover at the back side of bottom cames out when you try to take out from your pocket. Some network issues are there not sure if its phone issue or network issue

will i need one? if so could you send me one plz! and thanks!..i should be receiving this phone today

I used this phone with T-mobile.Also, they shipped me the HTC DESIRE not the HTC INSPIRE which is mentioned here.When I first got it set up, it seemed everything worked fine. But then i started adding apps and connecting my e-mail and the voice went out (microphone). I reset it to factory settings and tried several other options to reclaim the voice but nothing worked.I have to return it because without voice it's not a phone, and without apps it's not a smart phone.I'm not sure what the issue is, but I did some google research and other people replaced the microphone and it worked fine. I'm not going to go through the hassle of doing that.On the other side, I thought the interface was very easy to use and I really wish it would have worked out for me.

It's been over two weeks now since I'm using it and haven't got any complaints about any thing yet. I'm using with T-Mobile 4G plan and it works quite fast. Though, the battery life isn't that good which I had an impression early on but still capable enough to support talk time for around 6 hours or so.Long story but in short, it's a great phone and highly recommended...

Excelente tel&eacute;fono. Muy buena calidad de construcci&oacute;n y software. La caja lleg&oacute; en buen estado. Todo funciona muy bien. Altamente recomendado desde Venezuela.

OK i recieved my phone,  I guess it is really nice.  I have a question the box it wss sent in was open on both ends no tape and this was wierd. What is the story with this.Also there is no set up diections as where the sim cards go so i can not use the phone untill . ASAP please

not a bad phone.expect hassle from T-mobile mms and internet package. Battery removal is akin to medical surgery. phone is cool though. stupid battery life.the sellers on amazon are great. .if u turn off the wirelss on the phone u save battery. make sure u have the settings for mms package on the phone.

Just bought 2" HTC A9192 Inspire 4G unlocked phones " from ROSS ELECTRONICS, to my suprise they are refubrished instead of being NEW! Have NO SD cards buying them almost $600! I think this is broad day thefty! I wish they could atleast return to me $200. Actually the screws are tampered with and infact one misses a screw at the back. Cant recommend them to anybody.

This is the very first smart phone that I have ever owned, it works great it just about dose everything for you. Now I did not receive a SD card with the phone;however I enjoyed the phone so much that I switched cell phone companies.

I have had many different types of phone's but for an unlocked phone this works out great for me easy to use and works with the sim cards we get from the local store that is on Base here in Afghanistan

The place of business who held the two phones I bought opened and broke the sealed box and took the new battery and replace it with a useless used battery I had to then purchase a new battery in order to use the phone beware of that company

I bought this phone from amazon to replace my wife's broken phone  she had from T-mobile. It supposed to be unlocked phone, but it automatically turned to AT&T software by default. I made several calls to get technical help to make it work , but it was not compatable with T-mobile, and the signals are so weak. I even went to T-mobile store, they told me they had tried it before for some other customers and it did not work well with their network. Finally we decided to buy another one from T-mobile and that one is working well. I will say, just don't wast your money for this junk

Phone works fine. Didn't like the fact that I had to buy a brand new battery for the phone cause this one came with a generic one that didn't last an hour from full charge besides that the phone works fine

Mine is a couple months old now and overall i love this phone but now i have battery connection issues just wondering if anyone else has this problem. it won't charge anymore unless i put something between the battery and battery door to make the battery go all the way in and seat better. Going to order a wall battery charger and extra batteries off ebay to solve this problem but just wondering if this is a common problem???? oh it powers off quite frequently i believe because of this also

The phone never worked right on the T-Mobile network even though the description said it is an unlocked phone. After three months the phone completely quit working at all.

The phone I received seems to be OK. But it's very clear that it's not fresh from the factory. There are marks on the battery cover showing that someone already opened it before and i might say very clumsily with a sharp tool, probably with a flat head screwdriver.Additionally, scratches around the bulge of the photo lens look like ordinary wear such as you would get from carrying the phone around in your jeans pocket without any protection. I don't mind buying used equipment, but this is a birthday gift i bought for my gf and due to time constraints i can't return it and request a new item which i would certainly do if i had the time.

This is my first smart phone. I had an itouch but never had a real smart phone before. I do not like contract phones so I purchased this unlocked refurbished condition. Its been 3 months now and no problems as of yet.As far as looks are concerned, I dont think it has anything spectacular in that. For most of the HTCs, their big screen is the only attractive thing about it. Touch interface is very impressive although it freezes for a couple of seconds once in a month. Android app store is superb. Had android 2.3(gingerbread on it) so thats a big plus. You can definitely feel the difference if you have used 2.1 previously.No complaints about battery life. I can generally carry on a full day without going below 20% battery. But ofcourse this depends on your battery usage. I have a moderate usage.It froze once completely. That it is to say it wasnt working at all. But it came back to normal after safe reboot (power + up volume) Then I realized it had happened because of incompatible apps. Some of the apps are not meant for android 2.3 and if you try to force them on this one, it may end up freezing your phone.Camera is great. Its 8MP autofocus (its not just on paper, it does it really well and quickly) My friends say iphone gets better pictures with 5MP but I dont think so. Its definitely at par with iphone for photo quality if not better than it. You will miss the front camera a lot though if you are avid user of video chatting clients.In short, as far as system stability and interface, it still needs improvement to compete with iphone. But its very cost effective as compared to iphone($230 unlocked as compared to $600 for iphone) I liked the big screen that doesnt compromise on its battery life. I like the customization capability of android over the iOS. I will definitely recommend this phone if you wanna try something other than iphone.

This phone is a great deal! More than I could have ever expected for a used phone! It was like a brand new phone! Thank you!

Phone was not unlocked as promised. Had to buy another phone and get a new plan with my old company.

i like it and it has no problems but the problem is it does not have a front facing camera so i cant skype my family anymore but i love htc its the best.

Never got the phone . You should realize I've been tried to buy this product more than three times already

This phone within a week of purchase it start stripping some of the apps does not work, I would not recommend for anyone to purchase

I just have to comment on the phone itself. I did NOT buy it off of Amazon. This phone is a replacement for the HTC Vivid I dropped in the river while Tiki tubing. It is an ok phone at best. There is only one camera on this phone and it sucks, big time. (you can forget about Tango) You better be very still or it's going to be blurry. Also, the inspire is pretty slow, when trying to do multiple things at once, it starts doing weird things...freezing for example. Sometimes when I unlock the screen, the camera is on, or the world clock is showing. I don't get that at all. Maybe I got a lemon, but who knows. It still has the little green man for your emoticons...I don't like him for some reason...lol Anyways, if I had it to do again, I wouldn't.

I love the phone. easy to operate for seniors!!! Iwould  really recommend this phone for anyone. The camera takes great pictures.

It's just a wonderful phone even though I haven't slot the sim card into it...but the phone doesn't come with ear phone.....why?

over all phone works great ONCE you buy a new battery for it the one that comes with it is JUNK!

This phone, simply put, is not worth it's weight in plastic. For the price and its touted features, it falls vastly short of other products which will deliver a much more enjoyable experience. It is glitchy, constantly turning itself off in the middle of browsing, texting, or videos. It is incredibly slow for the processor it has. The texting is incredibly glitchy as well; mis-types, and buttons not functioning the same way all the time make this phone a better paper weight. I should have kept my Blackjack 2.

too slow phone dont buy it and battery finish in 6 or 7 hour you have too charge too many time

regardsWhen charging my credit card to pay the purchase item because I charged RD $ Grand Total: 6851.15 DOPif, if at the time of the purchase was to be of RD $ 6,386.00 according to the rate of change of my country and charges not charge my credit card the amount charged,Order #104-7493875-3257848HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and GPS--(Black)

Best phone I hv ever purchase and at a great price.it has all the apps that u don't hv to download on Ur phone.

the battery is not good. It vanishes when you use gps or wi-fi. The 8Mp camera is like cell phone camera, not like any kind of 8Mp camera. The size and the screen is good.

I love this phone. Easy to use, looks nice, no issues. But exactly two years after purchasing, it just died. It won't turn on at all. I know most people replace a phone every couple of years, but I was hoping for another year of use. None of my stuff was backed up. Just know that you might only get a couple years of life and be sure to back up your stuff.

This is a great phone and I have not had any problems with it. One thing I dilike about the phone is no front facing camera. I found it really hard to take a picture of myself without the use of a mirrior. Also, there is not side button I could use to snap the picture the photo snap button is on the screen which makes it harder to snap a picture of myself. Other than that this is a great phone.

I bought the phone and by the time i was out of the states it stopped working. It shuts down every time. By the time i return to the states it will be a week pass the return date and i can't return from out of the states.For the 5 min that the phone worked it was great.

Just opened the box of this phone which is suppose to be new, there was no receipt, no booklet for instructions, then the battery in the box was the wrong size and the charging adapter does not fit,  This was obviously not  a new phone, and they just threw in the box any adapter and battery that had laying around without consideration if it was the correct . Something is very fishy here. I can't even see if my phone works.....

I ordered this phone because I already had one before and loved it.  I got the first one through AT&T but they no longer sell this phone.  The main thing I used this phone for was music.  I don't understand why Amazon would sell a product that doesn't support their Amazon MP3 App!!!!  I can't even use this app on this phone I just purchased because I can't change the language settings to english (us) or (uk).  It only has English (canada).  Other wise it works great!  But I'm very disappointed in Amazon!  The shipping was faster than what was estimated so that was a plus!

A good phone with low ringing tone. I do not know whether it had to do with just that one phone - may be defective but I had to return it to the seller.

i bought this phone because the cell phone companies obviously want too much for brand new ones. this phone claimed to be brand new and unlocked, reasonable price. phone would not send picture msg, had to call my provider to get a code to do so again. phone CONSTANTLY lost service, dropping calls, froze up, and had a CONSTANT black screen where i would have to completely take the battery out and restart the phone. did this several times a day, at least 3 times an hour (depending on how often i was on the phone-more than 3 times). i had this phone for 3 days before i returned it. probably the worst phone i'd ever had. i switched back to my cracked screen phone!

I had never had HTC mobile, It works very well, no black out, battery ok, great sound, good processing speed.

just got to use my phone an so far its great,looks good an works even better,good buy for anyone who wants a budget phone

Don't buy unless 50 bucks get reduced from asking price. That was the extra that I g8t charged for unlocking this.  The phone works good, but that was a complete dissapointment. Would've sprung for a new unlocked one had I known this was a lie.

beware.. not a new phone... I got a very old one...If you are looking for a new phone then this is not the right one, it has AT&T; logo printed on the backside which i didn't like.So returned it the very next day that i received, very much disappointed.

Love the phone and have had no issues with it. For the price I couldn't have asked for a better phone! And it works w prepaid such as straight talk.

Good phone, pay attention that &#34;4G&#34; doesn't means that support 4G or LTE network, good size and the quality of an HTC product

the cel was shipped perfectly well , no damages , nothing missing , everything in place , it worth the time waiting for it , now i have nearly one month with the phone  i regret not to comment earlier

I have owned this phone since 2011 when it first came out and I've never had any trouble with it.  I have it loaded with applications that I don't need and a 32 gb chip, but they all work and nothing crashes the phone.  Now I am thinking of getting an unlocked version of the same phone to save money.

I really dislike this product cuz I paid for a HTC Inspire, but instead I received a HTC Desire. Even the Box is from a HTC Desire, and They just put a stick on it with, wrote Inspire. I bought 2 phones ,and one seems to be used. They Should be honest with all customers, were the reason why they exist, and we all deserve respect. You guys aren't kids and should be responsable fou your acts, so i hope someone can make you pay for this fraud.

So I got this phone a few months ago, and since the beginning it's been giving me problems when I make calls. Constant cutting off and glitches over the line. And this in various parts of the city (not the network in question)...plus, when I received it, the box was clearly not original. It seemed like the phone had been thrown in there, with a slightly off-set screen protector, slightly dusty too.Was it new? or refurbished? Still not sure.

this product suddenly will not recognize any sim card  which means is not unlock and will not even work with at&t service which I have to subscribe for in other to use the phone since it fail to work with other gsm phone services. sad to say the least, will not work with at&t  either. I try to unlock it and will not unlock .I don't know if amazon seller sold a stolen phone to me because this phone will work very good with wifi but is useless without making call with it.

I just got my phone and I am happpy with it. however i am a tmobile user and it appearently will not connect to the mobile data I dont know why so i am going to bring it in and have a store do it but if that doesnt work then i would not recommend it for tmobile users if they need the data network.

I enjoy this phone, it was a great buy. It is very fast and functional. It is easy to operate.I recommend it.

I liked the order. I ordered the wrong product. I will be returning it shortly. Thank you so much.  Ms Rita

I am not happy with this product. I feel very disrespected after buying this product because I was lied to. It says that the phone is T-Mobile unlocked but it NOT UNLOCKED. I looked to unlock it but it would cost another $70

My only complaint is that the bottom of the phone started to strip within a week of using it.  other than that my phone works perfectly.

My fiance needed a new cell phone that was unlocked to use with his current provider. I will admit that it arrived brand new, as described unlocked and all and he had no problems initially with the phone or his provider switching his service to the phone. The apps and storage were an upgrade from the phone he had previously and seemed at first to work very well.However the phone is now 3 months old and barely works. The speakers on the phone are not that great first off, if you speak too loudly or there are loud noises the speakers make it very hard to hear the person you are speaking to and for them to hear you as well. The touch screen from about the middle down is non responsive, which is a problem due to the keyboard and all other functions for the most part being located on the touchscreen. Making it difficult to use the phone for even the most basic functions. Calls are often dropped (which may have a lot to do with service provider rather than phone) and sometimes calls do not always come through also a possible provider issue.All in all had the phone continued to work as described we would be pleased since it was brand new and we paid over $120 for it. It is a good phone with the features as described it just didn't last long for our purchase therefore my advice is to be weary of products from this seller.

Mi queja es la siguiente, lleg&oacute; la caja conteniendo el celular solicitado con dos cuestiones, primero faltaba la memory card que se especifica en el contenido de la caja y segundo es evidente que en la malla que cubre lo que seria el auriular, que es la vista del equipo, est&aacute; como torcida, eso debe ser defecto de fabrica. Yo realic&eacute; esta queja al recibir el producto, peero lo hice por un canal equivocado,

For the price and the brand, i like this HTC phone. The phone arrived in very good conditions. The time was also good

I love it. Although the first one I received had a flaw it was still no problem at all. The seller had me mail it back and before I knew he sent me one to replace it. It only has a tiny scratch on the back but it's refurbished and I paid hardly anything close to the real price. I love my newly used phone. Thank you again Amazon!!

this phone has always been my favorite. My 1st one i used for approx 2 yrs before i lost it.

Received this HTC phone that was advertised as Unlocked, and upon arrival was found to be locked. After a very poor rating, I have to retract my opinion on this seller, and give credit where credit is due. They answered my email very promptly, resolved the issue in rapid time,within an hour time frame, and after testing the phone,it seems to work as advertised.I will test it on my upcoming trip and ensure that it works well. So far it accepted the unlock sequence and locked into to a local roaming signal.I would not hesitate with such great follow up, to order another product from this company.

Phone came cracked wasn't in my expectations since it is suppose to be a new phone, but it didn't turn out that way

Awesome.. had it about a month.. love it. Pictures are great.. video is pretty awesome for a phone as well. All apps seem to work just fine.. Less than a gig of internal memory though, so a big micro sd card was needed. Besides that nothing to gripe about =)

This phone is fabulous. It is clean and came in with great working condition. We got great accessories with the phone. Alex is so wonderful and he has great customer skills. Such a great and caring person.

I REALLY LOVE THIS PHONE. BEST ONE IVE EVER HAD!THE CAMERA IS AMAZING TO ITS AS GOOD AS A CAMERA HAHAAH

I've had the phone since october, in those short 7 months. i've had a different problem each month. Starting september it automatically switched over to car mode while it was in my pocket at work draining its battery in a short few hours. then the phone wouldnt let me text certain users on my contact list. the phone doesnt ring or vibrate when i get a incoming call or text i've reset the phone 3 -4 times and it happens everytime. and voice dialer also automatically engages whenever anything is plugged into the Auxillary slot. also the phone doesnt charge because after wear and tear the slot just lets the cord fall out and it needs to sit a specific way in order to charge...if i knew that i would of had this many problems i would've never of bought the phone. been a complete nuisance and i'd rather just of gotten an iphone.

Got my phone today and works great I love it !!Hardly any wear and is in excellent working condition.Thanks !!!!

RECENTLY I BOUGHT ANOTHER PHONE BUT THIS WAS NOT RELLAY UNLOCKED, NOW... IS THIS PHONE TRULY UNLOCKED???I MEAN, IM FROM VENEZUELA, SO I NEED A CELLPHONE CAPABLE TO WORK WITH ANY COMPANY.THAT'S WHY I ASK... DOES THIS PHONE WORKS ON ANY TELEPHONE COMPANY?????

Highly recommended for a 4g smartphone with an 8mp camera, moderately priced.  Does everything you need it to do.  Thanks!

Very Good.

This phone sucks! The wi fi doesnt work, i cant download anything from the market, it shuts off on me randomly, i cant get into my contacts list it will say force close or report. Sometimes i have a phone and sometimes i dont.

The phone was in perfect condition and super fast shipping. The seller was very helpful. Over all I like the phone but every once in a while the sound will go out. Also be aware that this I a discontinued product and at&t no longer sells them in stores.

Bought this phone for my boyfriend for Christmas and so far it is working great. I have heard rumors that it isn't that great of a phone but as of right now that remains to be seen.

This HTC smartphone seems to be what I was looking for, a good phone at a good price. The Android GUI is very user friendly, but still has more advanced options. The touch screen is quite sensitive and stable, making it fairly easy to navigate the phone and customize it to your liking. So far I've been having some configuration issues with the new carrier(It doesn't seem to be a problem with the phone), so I haven't been able to test it out much yet. I also haven't been able to confirm if it's unlocked or not, as the HTC Inspire 4G was originally made for AT&T, and the new carrier, H2O Wireless, is supposed to be able to work with AT&T's phone's, unlocked or not. The phone itself is more than I expected, and was worth the price I paid for it. I shall update as things become more apparent.

The phone was delivered on time, but it seemed like a refurbished phone, because the side cover was loose. I had to press it in order to fix it in its position.

Phone met all expectations. I would recommend it to a friend because it is easy to set up and has long battery life.

My wife is beyond happy it arrived within the posted timeframe and came packaged perfectly. Just like any new phone set-up was easy and simple and she really loves HTC phones so this was a homerun when I surprised her with it for her birthday. Bought refurbished but you would think it was brand new, two thumbs way up and will continue to purchase from seller in the future.

This phone has been a major disappointment plain and simple. It's wifi is weak and does not have good range. It's reception is poor and drops calls constantly. And it loses reception for 30 minutes at a time so I don't get calls even in places where I know the reception is good. When it does lose reception, it takes a long time for it to find the signal again. Frustrating to say the leastThe battery life is the worst I've ever experienced. At around 7 pm each day, even on days that I don't use the phone that much, it tells me I need to recharge. And if you get the message you'd better do it because it will shut down quickly on your very next call.It is not user friendly and does not send or receive mms messages and even when the APN points are defined as per my cell phone carrier. I only sometimes receive MMS messages and I can NEVER send them.I rue spending the money on this phone. Besides the poor reception, the wifi, the mms features (essentially the basic that should work well on any phone), all the fancy android stuff works well. It has a nice camera, but don't use the video feature too long because it sucks the battery like there's not tomorrow.Don't waste your money on this pretty phone.

well the back was pretty scratched up and for some reason it randomly goes on silence and the camera didn't really work at first well everything looked pretty cartoonish but then it stopped doing that after a while

Ive had this phone since Feb 2011. My complaints are that at times it shuts down without any cause and I couldn't get it to turn back on. It just randomly turned back on. Also, after two years, the charging port is funky. I have to mess with the cord placement in order to get it to charge. The phone locks up all of the time. I'm very dissappointed. Switching to another phone.

After less than 1 month, the phone just stopped working. It wouldn't turn on sometimes even when fully charged. Sometimes the screen would freeze.

I bought this HTC Inspire phone from vendor "orderinstant(USA)" because the price was right for a new unit, and it was listed as Condition:New.  It wasn't, far from it.  It's badly refurbished, probably by a hobbyist.I also have an Inspire that I bought new from AT&T; almost two years ago with none of the following problems, so I also have an originally purchased unit to compare to.  The orderinstant(USA) unit has a broken SD card memory slot that doesn't eject cards, you have to dig it out with a fingernail or screwdriver.  The area of the SD card slot was already scratched up from the previous owner digging the card out, obviously from the same problem.  The back camera is not mounted centered behind the lens glass, partly obstructed by the lens frame of the back cover.  There is a lot of dust trapped between the camera lens and the cover glass, resulting in grainy pictures.  The centers of the torx case screws are stripped out so you can never take the phone apart again.  The 8gig SD card is missing, but I had another one to use.  The wall charger isn't the correct one - the wall wart is correct but the cable is different and charges much slower than my original - both wart and cable are branded HTC but the cable is somehow different (it is longer than my original).  The top mounted power on/off button requires a large amount of force to push it in to get the phone to see the button press.There was a 12 volt car charger adapter in the box, which was not ever included in a new shrink-wrapped box.  Somehow this fell into the box, but was not listed in the seller's listing.Luckily the rest of the hardware works normally, the battery is fine, and the screen is perfect.  If this was listed as a refurb with associated price the problems would have been acceptable.  Being listed as new with that associated price makes this...  deceitful.

I received the htc Inspire 4G phone early March 2012. The phone looked good, but I didn't have an opportunity totest and/or use it until after the return date had passed, due to personal health problems.Since I activated the phone, I have had problems with it almost every day. Frequently the phone will not turn on whenthe power button is pushed, and I have had to remove and reinsert the battery to get the unit to function.Thus the phone has been useless. because I can't depend on to function properly.Sure looks like I wasted over $400.00 for the phone and accessories.

me llego nuevecito ede vendedor es muy confiable todo me llego ta y como decia en la descricion de el procduto

Great...Pleased with phoneQuick delivery

The particular one you sent to me was not charging when I plugged it to the electricity. I just want a replacement of the same phone.(HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP) .

I purchased two of these phones, one for my wife and one for my son, and both had the exact same issues.  The batteries were both bad almost upon arrival and the plug in for charging and connecting to the computer both failed within a month.  I've had to buy two new batteries and can't connect them to charge. It's been over a month since I bought them so I can't return them.  Extremely unhappy with this purchase.

the battery or if the mobile is not working defectuso, restarts or shuts down the battery is totalemte auque charged, also sometimes happens when connected the charger. It is difficult to use the warranty because I'm in another country. I would like help with a solution.

I needed to replace my lost phone, and SoonerSoft Electronics had the best deals.  I ordered this phone, was excited about it, but then found out my friend had an extra phone, so to save money I wanted to cancel the order.  They replied immediately and were super nice about the whole thing!  Thankful I could save some cash!

I won't lie, i do love this phone. It shipped on time. I did receive it locked(in order to be shipped on time) but there was a note along with the phone stating to contact the Seller for further info on unlocking the phone. The code was then provided to me quite fast after contacting the Seller and i got the phone working. I had a blackberry and i'll admit that i did get tired of it. The loading clock always present. I made the switch to the HTC Inspire and it works great. I am currently in the Dominican Republic and all functions are working just fine for me.The only thing that i don't like about this phone is the fact that the earphone jack is at the very bottom.I play Angry Birds with earphones on and that does bother me the way the cable is always between my ring and index fingers.That's the only thing that's bothered me so far, but not so much now.Enjoying the phone.

First of all I did receive this phone very quickly in like new condition.I so WANTED this phone to work!First problem out of the box...Swapped out my AT&T; GOphone sim into the new Inspire and got NO Service.My old phone (LG Thrive) has 2 or three bars at same location.Went outside and did get one or two bars of service but when i went back inside my house...nothing.WIFI would keep disconnecting, reconnecting, forget settings.Wouldn't wake up from stand-by after I pushed on/off/stand-by button.This phone is unreliable. and an unreliable phone is USELESS.Back to my crappy but bullet proof LG Thrive.

Once certain apps get downloaded the phone starts to freeze like it has too many cookies or a small virus on it. The battery does not last very long and the power cord that came with it, doesn't work very well.

the phone is very good

When i purchased this phone i didnt expect it to be like this. First off the phone came without the 8g sd card that it said it came with, Thank goodness I bought a 32g card when i bought the phone. Secondly eventhough the phone looked fine when i opened the box with a closer look i noticed that the lcd screen was slightly lifted from the phone. The phone works fine but i can see the guts of the phone while am using it. It sucks to have to fix a phone that you just paid $300+ for. Like i said the phone works all to well, i was pretty impressed however the above mention problems bugged me.

The owner sold this phone at a price the phone is not worth it. This phone cannot connect to the mobile network internet and also bad network reception. Any little clumsy place the network signal goes off. The owner knew it had such problems before selling it.

It was awesome. Works great . battery was not good had to buy a new one other than that phone was great. my mom loved it never had a smartphone before

Have always liked these phones, their reliable, easy to use, durable enough and don't come with a ton of worthless apps and options I'll never use. Takes decent pictures too!

I was very excited when I got this device. but after start using it, I got very disappointed. the WLan keep disconnecting, application crashing every once in a while. I can't even install Arabic language on it. this is not the type of device that I am expecting from HTC & Android OS.

This says it is an unlocked phone...yet it did not work for our t-mobile SIM card. The interface on this phone was hard to use also. The SIM card did work so we could not use the apps, even if it did work we probably would have sent it back because it was not user friendly.

My husband has this same phone and it works great. I got mine and there are so many glitches with it... the sound bar was off of it in the box and it has been a waste of money...

Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations.

This is very nice phone with quality features. This is my 2nd HTC smartphone. Very first time bought Samsung Galaxy S2, Very good quality with very high price. So, far 2 weeks of usage and wife liked it. I would definitely recommend this phone to anybody, who wants BANG FOR BUCK.

Phone has a lot of features unique and works well.  I would recommend it to my friends. Worth the price

very good

The phone is basically for AT&T services which I don't have. The storage is less than 2 GB. The battery does not keep charge as long as it supposed to be. The other aspect of the phone is satisfactory.

this item seems to be a used AT&T  Model. I received it on July 3, and it broke on August 3, this is a piece of junk $161 in the Trash......i contacted Deal Gradder and they said sorry! 30 days Buddy........

Purchased my phone through WorldWide Distributors and I love it!Upgraded from the HTC Aria, wow what a difference. Love the screen size.

I bought this for my wife to replace the Samsung that broke in a very short time.Since we live in Costa Rica it was important the phone work with international standards and it does, even easier to setup than the Samsung was. She has been enjoying this phone now and thinks I am a genius.

Had iPhone 4 and then I got this phone.....let me tell you...I AM DONE WITH IPHONES!!! I can do more than I could when I had the 4. Just buy a better inspire battery for $10 and your set. Update* horrible phone period!!!

So far so good. It is a great phone for every cents. I can do more with this phone than with a iPhone.

product very damage in the comment say some scrachs no backside cover hole and outer things realy a like more best service

HTC Inspire Unlocked 4G HSPA+ GSM Touch Android Smartphone (AT&T, Black) i bought htc and the description said unlock, but i just received, when i turn on the cell phone request the unlock number, and dont have it. supposed the cell phone was unlock but its not true. i need to buy a unlock number on internet for use it.

the phone was just as they said. its find but the charger that was with it kinda fell apart? other then that its fine

This mobile was delivered to me in good time, In good condition, Unlocked it was I use it overseas and have no issues.  I just placed a local store bought Sim card.Steve

This product arrived on  time and delivery was so important..Getting started  was a bit of a delimna..From the very first day I had to grabb the assistance of the Mfgr., to walk me thru the steps to get it to connect..The problem with this device is that it constantany shuts down on its own accord, for no given reason..Five or six times during a night it  goes thru these cycles of shutting down and than restarting..And if your asleep when this happens sometimes g you get awoken from the bright litses that shines from the  screen glowing white..You would think a bulgar is in the house.Having enliseted the factory rep several times, and getting no where, I am convinced that not many of these devices are on the market place and I would never touch a HTC producty again..Not even if its FREE>Please consider that this product may have been a  first run, and not put thru it orgianl paces of testing completely..Had I known that or thought that when I acquired it, I`d say stay away from this..After it goes thru these recycles you are asked to send a noticfication to the compaby.. ASfter during this 150 times I never had any response f rom the company, mfgr., or the carruier about this particular phone..Go elsewhere..

The phone after two days the speaker went bad. And since i am not in the USA they want me to do a return which i cant. Changes needed in the return/refund policy

I returned this item because I could not get service at my home with an AT&T  sim card.  I am sure it was probably a good phone.

no original box or manual, supposedly again and this without the original box or cell brochures, this in a box either

I have not had any problems with it so far. I even dropped it once and it did not get any cracks. Works perfectly with wifi and was also unlocked as stated online. With my prepaid provider I pay about $10 a month for for internet and everything else on this phone. So it's pretty much the cheapest alternative to an iphone. I doubt that there is anything cheaper out there

The only problem is my phones 3g wont work so I always have to look for open wi-fi. But I guess I could live with it.

The phone look nice, some features are ok, but it has a grand problem with the signal reception. I switch it for T-Mobile and it was very hard to connect it to their service. While other phones have good signal, this one fail every time, just in a few times the connection is better. Camera 8MP is good, but some pictures once token can not be stored if you use flash. Sound in speaker very bad, internet hoop up, is good, screen was good also.  Too heavy to pick it up everywhere and it doesnt'n work good with some aplications. Tire to try everything.Manufactures should discontinue this model. Inspire 4g, piece a garbage in overall, now I have to invest in other brand and  another cell phone. I wont' trust in this brand anymore.

Ive had this phone since April of 2011. I have absolutely loved this phone. I only had one problem with it and i sent it to HTC and they fixed it and sent it right back. It has been a overall great phone. Good for pictures and browsing. i would recommend the thinnest case possible if you keep it in your pocket. And also buy a Zagg InvisiSHIELD for it. Thats the ultimate package to the phone

very light and ergonomically designed instrument, it met all expectation as described although a bit slow, when compared to other instrument in its class.

love it i need another htc inspire unlocked phone a little cheaper than the first. this is my best phone

Just what i was looking for and for the price i was a bit skeptical. In the end the phone worked fine. No issues with wifi or network connections. BOTH Carriers were recognized in my country AS IT CAME FULLY UNLOCKED. THANK YOU. WILL BUY ANOTHER ONE SOON.

After four years of Apple phones, I started using this unlocked phone two weeks ago.  In general, I really like it.  The contact import (via Bluetooth) went really well and it was easy to use straight out of the box.  It is a lot faster than the 3GS that I replaced.The reason I gave it four stars instead of five is some of the adjustments I wanted to make took time.  For example, the software added Facebook-based birthdays to the calendar and I didn't want that.  And I didn't want a notification for every email.  In all of these cases, a Google search eventually taught how to modify the system but it took time.  I find Apple's approach to settings to be more intuitive.As for the battery, it took time for me to learn that turning off auto-sync gives you LOTS of extra battery life.  But rather than a having a general fetch email option, one hits the gmail application, the menu and the refresh option (with auto-sync disabled) to fetch email on your command.  Again, somewhat less intuitive than what I was used too.I cannot verify if the phone was fully unlocked because I transferred an AT&T; SIM card.  I can tell you that I got a couple of messages from AT&T; asking that if I now have a 4G phone, I should contact them regarding a 4G plan.  But the spirit of unlocked compels me not too ...

the conditions of the phone were better than expected, i was very satisfied , hope to get a deal like this again

This phone was purchased for my 14 year old niece and she is just loving it. It meets her expectations.

The HTC  was used it was not new . the volum button was damaged and the battery cover was loose.

Best Regards, the product sent by you is found defective, the display does not switch and has a screw loose.

the order should have sd ram memory with it, but their was no sd memory, I need my 8GB memory please

Features  were fine but was unable to send or receive calls so I had to return it. The phone was lightweight which I found acceptable.

There are only 2 things I have a problem with on the phone. The first is the speaker, it's not load enough. Second is you can't take selfie pictures. I've had this phone for about 3 weeks. Other than the 2 things I mentioned above, I live this phone..Btw. I use this phone with consumer cellular, so I can't use the hotspot. Not the phones fault though.

the phone is unlocked, the button on the side is not working, the screen is blocked by personal password and i got the battery after aweek of waiting. its bad phone and it shouldnt sell this item on amazon.com. it make me not to buy any electronic staff online any more.HTC Inspire 4G Android Phone (AT&T;)

Had to order the item twice, first order was defect and after 3 weeks i got the second product which is still defective. The battery doesn't hold charge i wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this phone.

Ringer wasn't very loud I sent the phone back my husband is hard of hearing and he couldn't hardly hear it

What should other customers know when considering this item? you can not take pictures without a memory micro sd insideWhat aspects of this item do you like or dislike? I like everything about this smart phone

HTC Inspire 4G is a great phone for the money.  A few drawbacks.  Unless you plan on using AT&T or H20 Wireless once unlocked dont plan on being able to use 3G or 4G.  Other GSM carriers like T-Mobile, Simple Mobile only will connect to data using EDGE speed or 2G at best.  Wifi works great.  Built in hotspot although unlocked cannot be activated.  Says call ATT to use hotspot data.  If you know how to root android phones you can activate but since I do not and dont know anybody to root the phone im stuck using a phone with only 75% of its total capability.  But, for $170.00 I now have a $500 phone and satisfied.  I may migrate over to ATT to access 4G but with WiFi its not a big deal.  Camera takes awesome photos and the HD cam is just as good.  Like I say, im happy with my purchase!

I got this phone for my husband.  He absolutelyloves it!  Seeing what it can do compared to mine,I'm thinking seriously of getting one for ME!

BUT I DIDN'T RECEIVED MICRO SD....THATS SO BAD, THATS RIGHT THE BATTERY IS NOT LONGER. GENERALLY, IAM HAPPY FOR THE CHOICE!!

We bought this HTC inspire cell-phone for only 2 short months, and now the phone can't even power-on. At first, the battery takes a long time to charge and last for only few hours and now the phone is dead. Also the 8GB MicroSD Card was missing from the package. we spent $20 extra to buy the card. Lately, the phone connection signal was very poor. The phone kept on losing signal and needed to reconnect with network carrier over and over again. My husband uses the same network carrier but did not have connection signal problem. He uses an iPhone.  The quality of the Mirco-USB cable for charging was very poor, both end of the cable is almost broken. I m very disappointed with this HTC inspire cell phone.  I called the seller(Cell Lounge) today(Saturday) at 1:00 pm and got a recording saying the office is closed now.

It's a decent phone, its a lil too heavy but i don't care about the weight, it works fine, I'm using it with Red Pocket Mobile at the moment, so it is totally unlocked, my only complain about it and that is why im not giving 5 stars is because i had a really hard time taking out the battery..!! it was almost imposible to do and i literally broke all my nails (lol). I even had to look on youtube how to do it cause i was giving up.. anyways its a good phone!

I will recommend this product to all my friends. it is a very good phone, is a product that every body should have.

Absolutely Amazing Phone!  Worked Perfect, I wish I had ordered it sooner.  Will definitely refer others to purchase this piece!

BUT!!!!!! THE BATTERY LIFE SUUUUUUUUUCKS MY LAST PHONE I MAY CHARGE MY PHONE LIKE EVERY 3 DAYS....THIS PHONE IS ON THE CHARGER EVERYDAY, IM THINKING ABOUT RETURNING IT

I bought this phone and was very disapointed with the signal reception. At first I thought it was the server and changed to 3 different server but nothing worked. I wouldn't recommened this phone to any one unless u have an at@t service. It seems to work fine only with at@t. It didst even deserve a singal star. I wish I had listen to the bad reviews before I bought it.

Don't buy it worked nice for about a week but now it's really slow and doesn't well. It's a waste of money.

I got HTC Inspire July 2011 and after using for 14 months, it died. It was not charging up and I called up HTC and they asked me to send my device for repair. Now when I talked to the customer service they asked me the date of purchase and said that although the date of manufacturing is already passed out of warranty (it was May 2011), you will still have the warranty because you purchased the device on July 2011 from ATnT store. This is the way it should be. The warranty should start from the date of purchase rather than the actual manufacturing date when HTC sold the device to ATnT.First they requested to submit the proof of purchase. I faxed them (they don't have a facility where I can just scan and email them which is a very big pain because you don't know if at all they received the fax until somebody confirms it). After 2 days customer care person said that they received the proof of purcahse (my ATnT bill with date). They also confirmed that my phone is in the warranty and I can send in my phone.I sent my phone and after 3 days of the delivery confirmation, I got an update that my device is out of warranty. When I called them, they said that they have all the proof but they have to submit it to repair department and repair department will give me a call In 5 to 10 days (now see this, before sending the phone they said that complete process will take just 2 weeks right from sending the device to receiving it after repair).So even after discussing with 2 different customer care executives, now again I am waiting for the repair department call and again I have to repeat myself to convince them that device is in warranty. What a pathetic service? First of all their phone died in just 14 months and now they are not even readily accepting it to repair in warranty? It is showing that I have to pay whopping 180 bucks to get my phone repaired. This is absolutely frustrating.I used to love HTC phones, I even liked HTC One X but now I will never go with HTC again. Problems can happen with any phone but at least they should acknowledge that and accept the liability readily rather than making their customers go running around and explaining that their phone is in warranty.UPDATE:- After arguing with the customer care executive for 15-20 minutes and asking him to talk to his supervisor, finally I got my phone repaired without any charge. So am increasing the stars from 1 to 2

It's just right for me. It's nice and simple. I'm not into high tec stuff or the lastest phones. It gets the job done and easy to figure out. I've had it for a few weeks now and I have no complaints.

This cellphone was sold to to me s htc unlocked cellphone and up to now i have not get any service on it.I do not know what this people was thinking, as as soon as I put the sim card  a message pop up say network lockand then a key pad item shows on the screen. and no manual book. very bad presentation. I am considering send it back.

I had this phone on May, 17th and it was advertised as Unlocked in Amazon.com but it is not unlocked. It is just At&t regular phone which is given free when you had contract.

I agree with another review which pointed out that they fail to specify the 3G/4G frequency ranges for this phone.  It didn't even come across my mind when I bought it as I'd never imagine a modern day smartphone lacking the frequencies for places like Europe or Asia.  Well apparently this phone was made solely for the Americans because it does not support the 2100 WCDMA frequency in Germany/Europe.  This alone makes this phone obsolete.  Why would HTC ever make a phone with such limited use? I thought it was a better deal than the Desire HD (same model, except it is not locked-in to the American frequency) but turned out to be a huge disappointment.

I feel disgusted seller &#34;MANGO wireless&#34; has given me a cell damaged and worse, I bought it unlocked and got blocked, and has a technical fault in my country Venezuela there is no repair even on, it is a cell that I can not use it, I could not return it because I had saved to give to my mother on the day of birth, and until this week was that the uncapped and got a nasty surprise. Amazon Lords, who answered me for this damage? can not possibly exist in this prestigious ad sellers engaged in selling defective equipment. my country, take long to get the purchases I make in the usa.

The battery started heating up after only 2 weeks of use. Now it is completely dead and I have no phone!

I loverd the phone came to me and was new. just kept shutting off. as long as I was using it it was good but. when I would lay it down it would turn off and the volume button was broke off... but other than that phone looked new

love my phone user friendly and even for a grandma like me who is not high teck received it just in time easy to see screen not to big just right

Have had the phone for about a month and it runs flawlessly from browsing the web to playing the occasional games.  Htc's sense UI puts a nice touch on android.  Only complaints are battery life and the speaker phone isn't very loud.  The update to gingerbread seems to help the battery life some but still keep a charger or extra battery handy if your a heavy user. I really recommend this phone if your looking for well preforming android phone at a good price.PROS:  Solid construction and feel, HTC sense UI, very responsive never lags, camera/video cam work well, Large crisp display, price compared to others.CONS: Battery life, no front facing camera(I had no use for one), Speaker phone volume

While the HTC phone is fantastic, the "Unlocked" status is questionable at best.  I'm on the other GSM network and the phone will not connect to 4G or 3G at all.  The only way to get the phone on the internet is with wifi.  Please be aware of this if you're considering using it with TM and want to use your smart phone for more than talk and text.  The company has approved the return, but I am liable for return postage as well.  I don't expect this when the item has to be returned due to defect on arrival from the seller.  Poor policy.

the product after using it a month has started giving me problems. is unable to charge and even after replacing a new battery. i cant use it any longer

Voice quality of this product is not at all good, I bought it with out reading the reviews.If you are looking for a good phone with all basic features, its better not to buy this one

I always thought that iPhone is top of the game - I mean, Apple products usually are, right?Well, I was looking for a gift for my wife's birthday and I really didn't like price of unlocked iPhone. I'm not US citizen so I can't get it through contract, so my only option was to buy it for full price and lets be honest - it's greatly exaggerated. So, I opted to instead switch to Android phone. Woooooooooow! Hello thar! :)It took me awhile to choose which phone to buy and in the end, Inspire won with it's easily affordable price. Seriously, you can buy 2 of these for a price of 1 iPhone! And that is actually what I did - I bought one, used it for a week and went back to Amazon to order another one for my wife as the 1st one is staying with me.Lets be honest, though - phone is not perfect. Yeah, battery could be stronger (get yourself 1600 mAh or stronger one for roughly $10), software could be slightly more polished but in all honesty, this is a 5 star phone.PROs:* HUGE screen! And with high resolution, wow!* Easy to customize (software and hardware [i.e. stronger battery]). Take that, iPhone!* PRICE! Did I mention that you can buy 2 of these for the price of 1 iPhone? Seriously? Steve, you've been awesome guy, may you rest in peace, but your products have been greatly overpriced.* 8 MP camera! (not the best quality but surprisingly good)CONs:* Software could be slightly better. It does have some weird stuff going on, but nothing to tarnish this phone's great rep.* BIG! Seriously, forget about carrying it in your pocket. This is mini tablet, I kid you not. I still love it. :)For me, this is easy decision - this phone trumps anything else in the market when it comes to price/specs ratio. Yeah I know, everybody wants iPhone 4s, Samsung Galaxy S2 etc, but seriously, they can't really offer you much more considering huge price gap between them and this phone.I know I bought 2 for reason. Trust me, this phone rocks.

Needing warranty service and "repaired" after only 2 months of use, this $300 phone is unusable on my cell phone provider's network!I bought my first HTC phone in August and by the end of September, it was frozen on the home screen and would not turn off. Calling for support, I was told to remove the battery and that it would need repair. When I received the phone back in the mail, there were no details about the repair and no instructions. Now, the phone had to be reactivated, but that process failed even though I tried numerous times. Unbeknownst to me, the motherboard was replaced in the phone and the device now had a new MEID/serial number, which was not in the . Six months later, the company still has not gotten around to putting that new number in their network database so that I can activate it.I wasted $300 on HTC for a phone that has no possibility of ever working again because of a technicality in their limited warranty repair service. HTC handed off this disaster to me with the claim that they took care of their responsibility to the buyer under warranty -- though, obviously their policy of repair with new MEID is responsible.This is not a one-time thing or a rant from me, one unsatisfied customer. Numerous of their CSRs have told me this is a very common problem they get phone calls about every day. They refuse to send me a phone which can be activated right away.Thus, I will never, ever buy another HTC phone (for instance, I had to buy yet another phone to be able to have service again and though an HTC phone was at a lower sales price, I chose to get a Samsung instead of throwing my money away with HTC). I would never and will never recommend an HTC phone simply based on my experience with their customer service, which was of no service whatsoever.

Do not order this phone! I bought one in January of this year, it lasted about 6 months before the trouble started. I could hear the person on the other end, but they couldn't hear me. I could not get a refund because they are only warranted for 30 days. I returned the phone for an Amazon gift card and was told it was worth a big fat zero! The phone was in excellent condition but they said it had cracks and dents. It did NOT!!! Beware of this seller!

This phone was listed as NEW but it was obvious that it was a refubished phone.  It was very obvious when I saw a build up of dirt an debre in the both the charging port and the head phone jack.  No way in hell was this a new phone as listed.

This phone has a really good size, and work fast, I like it, but  I have not been able to use it because the battery never works, that means  it cost me more than I paid for it 'cause I had to  buy a new battery which I haven't receive yet, so I'm still waiting to use it, hoping is it just the thing I expected.

Ordered two phones, one was missing battery.  Did not know this until I got to Mexico to give to my friend and new bride for wedding presents.  Got to go back to Mexico with new battery next week.  Unplanned trip.

Not good battery life but an awesome phone. I got one a year ago and now my boyfriend wanted one so we got him one. Great luxury phone

I wouldn't charge, just got a refund. battery life on lasted 6 hours from a full charge with minimal use. very confusing to operate and has no gps on it that I could find.

I was extremely disappointed with this product. I could not get it to function properly. Spent over a half an hour on the phone with AT&T tech support. They couldn't figure out what the problem was either. Sent it back. This company tried to overcharge me on the restocking fee as per their information provided with the return label. Be ware and aware if you order this phone.

The phone is good. Really good. The only bad thing about it is the battery life. But sometimes it shuts down by itaelf and idk why.

Phone works very well. The single problem is that it is a little bit heavy. Android system is simple to use and have enough apps if you want to use the phone as a phone or a web viewer.

excellent phone, so I invite you to Use it. I loved and more with a combination android perfect and good handling.

I bought this phone as gift for someone  and i fell in love with it. As a mafact i decided to get one for myself it has everythoing i exp[ected from it

This is a Christmas gift to my husband as he is going to travel overseas. He tried every functions and really impressed.

I do not get good reception. And have had trouble with it since I got it. I'm not happy with it

great phone, tend to freeze a bit. however my contact list is huge. others wise i dont have any problem with it.

I am not able to used my phone in my basement at all.  incoming call are forwarded directly to the voice mail. Also I have interruption while talking, and this is all the time. Tks.

i was looking at new cell phones today n just by the reviews alone will be buyiny this phone for myself ..

When I frist got the phone, it was working fine, I could send picture texts. Then after about 2 wks. it would no longer let me send picture text. but i can send regular text.  Everytime I go to some of the programs and it ask me to log in, i give them the correct info and it says fail.  I get a lot of dropped calls also. Takes good pics, i just cant share them with anyone.

this is the best phone i have ever had so far. my tmobile sim card works in this phone with no problem. the phone came unlocked,so all i had to do was pop my tmobile sim card in and it was up and running.lol my son has the iphone 4s and trust me when i tell you the htc inspire is massive in comparison. i love my phone:)

My phone before this was the worst. I got this for $99, it was worth the money. I have T-Mobile and I was really scared that it wouldn't work because this phone got so many bad reviews on how it wouldn't read their sim cards. But it worked and I was relieved. The processing speed on this thing is okay, I hate how some of the apps can't be deleted like the stupid Blockbuster app. grrrSometimes out of nowhere, it would just freeze and I have to take out the battery to reboot it. I got the 32 gb card and it works just fine.When it came in, the screen protector was a little gross looking but functional. I would recommend you order a case, new screen protectors and the 32 gb card.All in all, good phone, very functional, very good price

i got an old one so i return it and ordered a new one cause that phone has awesome features; but unfortunately the one i receive now is in worse shape than last one, also missing sm card..truth be told if u dont want an old phone despite the fact u ordered a new one without sm card dont buy it from this seller,overall "HTCaspire4G" has the best feature than the phone i ever had.

The phone is always needing to be restarted or just restarts itself. And cant seem to read the sim card at times.

I bought this phone to replace an old one I had. Even though it has outdated software; it does work great and does what is expected from it. I bought it as new and I received it in new conditions. Already slipped in the sim card and programmed the new network setting to receive data and thats it...phone works great! So if you are looking for an inexpensive but worth your bucks android phone...then this is it....thank you...

Even though I have ordered it as unlocked , It was shipped on an AT&T; box with all crappy  AT&T; apps pre loaded.I inserted a T-Mobile sim to test it picked up the signal but very very un predictable.  While the phone on it will all of a sudden say insert your SIM , SIM not found. Some other times while my Sony Xperia shows 4 bars with lte, This HTC will show no bars or 1 bar with E.I don't know if this is a phone hardware issue or it is due to the fact it was an  AT&T; instrument and subsquently unlocked. Will return if this doesn't work continuously for a week.My suggestion- stay away from this seller.I cant say for sure if this is a hardware  related issue, as I have had HTC devices in the past and was very satisfied with the performance just not at this time.

Everything works great.  The item was delivered on time and ready to go.  One small tech note that I had to find out is that for T-Mobile network you have to enter some info for APN to access the data network.  This information varies a little, so you'll have to see if you get it right on the first go at it.

It's a really great smart phone for a little price!The only thing that needs it's a back camera for video calls!But all the rest it's a great phone I'm very pleased!

Love the the phone, my only issue is, i am still trying to download the BB app, other than that the phone is great!

Fast shipped with everything. Comes in AT&T box which specially made for this device. The only problem I could not use in 3G network, it was produced to one cellphone company. But the device is unlocked, though it is okay with me.

I bought this phone for my wife and she loves it. It even has a better battery than the other phone I bought of the same model.

Phone speaker has problems and its slow with wifi on earpeice doesn't work well returned this product for that reason

On time, however the box was OLD,informed the seller and that there was no micro card- they ignored my comment on the old box and was told the card was not listed, but when you buy a new HTC inspire from anywhere it has a card - so i guess this one is not new? why list it as new??!! After a month of use it started to freeze and screen does not unlock- it has to be restarted and freezes on the first screen.Happened 3 times in one day -am returning to Amazon.

Is a very good smart phone for less than 130 dollars, i just consider slow the rotation software and the weight of the phone is heavy compare with other of the similar size. the rest his touch system and processor is fast and sensitive.

UPDATE: BE VERY AFRAID! 2/14/2013 - I received an email from Amazon regarding my return a month prior.  They charged me $48.99 for a restocking fee on an item that came to me abused and used (but sold new):Item: HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and GPS--(Black)Quantity: 1ASIN: B004T36GCUReason for refund: Customer returnHere's the breakdown of your refund for this item:Item Refund: $244.95Shipping Refund: $3.99Restocking Fee Refund Deduction: ($48.99)First of all, do not be fooled by the Customer uploaded images showing a brand spanking new Inspire 4G in an AT&T; box.  Both of the phones which were shipped to me were shipped in tattered boxes and you could tell they had been sitting in filthy conditions. They both were in AT&T; boxes, but they each had problems. The fancy looking paperwork that is one of the images is non-existent.  You get the HTC Inspire, Lithium Ion Battery, AC Charger, Micro-USB sync cable and a Quickstart Guide.  No 8GB MicroSD card even though the boxes list them as part of the contents.  NEW?  Not possible if they don't come with an SD Card. I uploaded my own customer photos to go along with this review.  Please click on the Customer Uploaded photos to view my pictures.The first seller I will review is iCellPhones.  This order was fulfilled by Amazon, which is the only way I would ever purchase an item that reaches the $200 mark.  The phone was shipped and came in on time.  When I received the box, I immediately noticed that it didn't look shiny like the photos that were uploaded by sayed mohammed.  The box was dull, and was taped haphazardly.  On the outside of the box was a listing of the package contents.  As I opened the box, I noticed everything there except the 8GB MicroSD card. Every item was sealed in the package and I began to get everything in order so that my son could receive a fully charged and operation phone on Christmas Day.  I noticed immediately that the micro USB sync cable was a generic one, and although it worked, I was a bit perturbed that I paid a "NEW" phone price and received generic and missing contents. (See customer uploaded photos for proof) Unfortunately, the phone never worked properly.  I couldn't get a signal anywhere in my house, 9 times out of 10 I would dial a number and it would immediately hang up. I began browsing forums and found that some Inspires had terrible reception and the only way to fix it was to solder wires, or dial *#*#4636#*#* and change from WCDMA preferred to GSM only or blah blah. I also noticed that the SIM cover doubled as an antenna and the 'gold' contacts for the antenna actually looked as though they had peeled completely off.  (I uploaded photos for proof of this as well) Instead of trying to void the phone, and by the time I fully tested it, it was too late and I had to order another phone on Amazon on December 24th for next day delivery.  Unfortunately, I couldn't just exchange the phone because Amazon fulfilled the order, but it was sold through iCellPhones...there was no option, so I had to fork out another $229 for another phone before receiving the refund on this phone.The second seller I will review is BytesofDeals.  Again, Amazon came through flawlessly.  I've never had an issue with their fulfillment and although this phone was sold by BytesofDeals, it was fulfilled by Amazon...PEACE OF MIND!. The phone would arrive on December 26th.  The box for this phone was in much better shape.  I thought I had a winner, but my hopes were soon dashed when I opened the box and found again...no 8GB MicroSD card and this time...the battery was in worse than used shape, it was completely abused.  (See customer images for proof)  Luckily I still had the battery from the previous seller and had not sent the other phone back and I was able to take comparative photos for this review. Unfortunately for my son, this phone had the same issues as the last one.  Super Low to non-existent reception.  I am comparing this phone's reception to a Samsung Galaxy SIII, an iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 and a Motorola Bravo (his old phone).  All of these phones are owned by us on the same AT&T; phone plan.  They can all make calls that this HTC Inspire 4G fails on every time. Just google Inspire 4G reception problems and you will see what I am talking about.  I ended up taking this second phone to AT&T; and having them set me up again with a new SIM card.  It was of no help.  Same issues.  I gave up and am returning both phones as I type this.As a side note, I can't prove it, but it appears to me that these phones are refurbished.  When comparing the two phones side by side, I noticed that one of the phones has a void sticker over one screw underneath the side cover. Both of the other exposed screws are silver. On the other phone, there are no "void" stickers on any of the screws and the sticker that has the IMEI number appears to have been removed at one time.  There is one black screw and 2 silver screws.  These appear to be amateur refurb jobs.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone.  Even with Amazon fulfilling the orders, you'll still be out money.  I am so thankful that Amazon will refund the money but I have to drive to UPS, ship these back with the pre-printed shipping labels and then wait for them to receive them.  They say after 2 days they will refund the money.

I bought this phone for my wife and she was so excited to have it. Great features and great phone. I inserted the sim and it started working straight away but the battery sucks. The phone was fully charged but it couldn't hold for 2 hours. I contacted the seller and the battery was replaced free of charge but the new battery was even the worse. I emailed them again and I returned the the phone for my money. Though it took longer than normal to get my money back, Amazon had to come in to get my refund for me. I'll not recommend this phone to anyone, so don't waste your money.

I expedited my shipment and got it literally 2 days after I ordered it. The phone works great and is more than I expected. However the charger that came with it worked for all of 5 minutes and now is completely useless. This sounds like more of a manufacturing issue though. So overall I'd say this is a great product for a great price.

it's an at&t phone , and it's says that works on T-mobile carrier too.but, personally, i m a T-mobile user and i'm in 3G coverage still it was working on E. application like GPS,and navigation is not working properly. battery remover cover was so hard.

I am glad I decided to buy this phone. It's like an updated version of Desire HD with great features and quite reasonable as well. The only problem with the phone is the battery life. Overall, its an awesome phone.

The product it is deffective, the screen at the top area does not work, the charger it is not original, the battery it is not original, the signal is bad. I paid for a deffective product. May be it is refurbished.

I inspired by the phones specs and ordered.I got it and  I waited till it get fully charged and used for some time. the battery is dead in 2 hours. Then I stopped all the apps and services and put in flight mode.After that  it was alive for 3 hours only. The next day it started to restart every 10 minutes.I returned it and waiting for refund. How long it will take for refund ?

This is an good phone for the price. The camara is pretty good if you ask me.Some people thinks it's a little heavy but I like that feeling. I need to know I'm carrying something in my pocket.Wish the call speaker was a little louder.

My daughter got this for her Birthday and she love it!!! This is a good phone, but very costly for your pocket

Phone went off one fine day and hard reset and removing the battery and putting it again never helps.. I have charged it whole night and phone doesnt switch on.

To whom it may concern: the above item is working perfect so far my wife seems to love it and that's what matters to me so therefore I would recommend others to try it.

Everything works great in this phone. The product taht they send me is new and everything that said in the description of the cell is what I have

I Bought this Unlocked phone last month...This is my first Android phoneand i'm pretty satisfied with its performance. I like the features of this phone. Data is so quick and it is like a mini tablet. It's also great for games.

Haven't yet uploaded my service onto the phone yet, but i can tell that it'll be an awesome phone. It's heavy, sleek, great touch response and pictures are really good quality

Very good product, I love this cell phone, the screen looks great, I love the size, the finish is very good, very fast, it brings many programs, excellent.

its very fast, i receive it at times, only the battery is bad, and no capacity for song and pictures, after that i am ok with it.

Good resolution, easy to configure and operate. Lacks of a front camera and rear camera below average. Capable of 4G speeds.

cubri&oacute; completamente mis expectativas.muy buen tel&eacute;fono, aunque le falte la c&aacute;mara delantera para teleconferencias.buen gps. Procesador suficientemente r&aacute;pido. C&aacute;mara muy buena en condiciones de mucha luz, en interiores preferible usar otra cosa.

Awsome item,i'will recomend this for my friends,it's a good phone for this price,this is what i needed for a phone thanks

I was excited to try an Android phone when I got this, but I've had too many problems with it to give a good review. The first thing I noticed is that the battery life is terrible. This phone doesn't last through the day without charging, and it gets worse the longer you own it. I've had it for a little over a year now, and I can't use it even for something simple--like reading on the Kindle app--without it going dead after about 30 minutes' use. This is after shutting down Wi-Fi, changing the connection settings to preserve battery life, and keeping the screen dimmer than I prefer. Forget connecting to Wi-Fi, as you'll get about 5 minutes with that. A friend who was having the same problem with her Inspire suggested I download a task killer to save on battery, which I did. Every time I open it, I find the phone is running about 15 apps in the background, most of them apps that came pre-loaded on the phone, apps that I NEVER use and that I can't get rid of. This is all just frustrating. The reception is also garbage. My husband and I are both on AT&T, and his iPhone works in many places this phone doesn't. Thus, it's not the network; it's the phone. Also, ever since they sent a software update (just a short while after I bought this lemon) I've had trouble with texting. Whenever I try to hit the back button to correct a typing mistake, it kicks me out of my text and pulls up a screen for deleting text strings, forcing me to quit the text function altogether, exit and reopen the program to finish my message. Makes texting a drag. Lastly, this phone freezes up regularly. I mean freezing as in the thing gets stuck trying to complete a task, and I can't even shut it down with the power button. I have to pull off the side cover to reset it. Overall, this is a terrible phone. I wouldn't recommend HTC to anyone I like, and I'll never buy one again.

the phone doesnt work with tmobile it is not a unlocked phone none of my stuff works. i need a refund

This phone has one of the biggest screens on the market right now, which is great if you surf the web mainly on your phone. 5 stars there. It's also my first smart phone I've owned, and I'm pretty biased towards the Android market; I have no plans of ever owning an iPhone. With that said, there are a few minor things that I have no doubt HTC will be able to upgrade in the future.-Sometimes, when I attempt to type a new url in the browser, instead of the "enter" triangle-shaped button, it gives me the refresh button and i literally cannot go to the new website. But this isn't every time.-Occasionally, some of the apps, although useful, can cause a buildup of spam on your app drawer(at the top of the screen). The ones I normally see are stars and the only way to delete them is to rid of the app itself.-For some reason, although I have all of my contacts from facebook on my phone, many of their profile pictures wont show up beside their name or pop up when they call. This isn't really a big deal to me but for some people it could be, I suppose.-And of course....the battery life is pretty terrible. I've gone an entire day without touching it and come back at the end of the day and its in the yellow. I have the auto updates turned off and kill programs and it remains to drain, but for what this phone is capable of, I really am impressed. We are in the primal stages of this insane technology, folks.-Sometimes having multiple programs running can in fact cause the phone to freeze and the only solution is to remove the battery. Easier said then done if you have a hard plastic case like I did, until I had to remove it so many times to get to the battery.- My internet occasionally just stops working, no matter if I'm at my rural house or in the city where I work. I have at&t; by the way. There is a slight chance it's the provider....not sure.-The camera is capable of taking breath taking pictures, it's the equivalent of having a digital camera in itself. But on occasion the pictures will simply turn out blurry for 7-10 shots before they return to normal clarity. I have yet to figure out this reason.-Removing the battery can cause panic for some because I've found that your pictures, videos and music will vanish and the only way to make them visible is to remove the battery AND restart your phone. So if this happens to you, don't panic.-Finally, there are many fantastic apps you can get for these phones and it's far less restricted from apple's market from what I understand. But, unbeknownst to me, some apps can cause blockers. By blockers I mean that when it's time for your phone to do a system update, these apps can block the update from occurring. I wish I knew which apps caused it. =(ALL of that being said, this phone has it quirks but honestly, I don't regret buying it, I got a good deal on it and it has really helped launch me into the "smart" world. The Google Play market is perfection, the speed of downloading apps is pretty remarkable, too. And there are many handy things this device is capable of despite the kinks, and I look forward to what HTC and Android will have for us in the future.

Liked the price and the phone, ordered not knowing what will receive:)), but the quality of the phone was almost perfect and liked that purchased it.

The phone fits well in my hand.  The touchscreen is accurate.  The phone's processor provides fast response time.  I have good reception and excellent data.  It transitions well between cell data and wifi service.  I was able to easily configure Google Voice for international calls.

I enjoyed my inspiron for about eight months. I loved the storage space and most things really and in fact i fell in love with the HTC brand. One evening, the phone blacked out and would not get switched back on. Took it to a repair shop and i was informed that the motherboard needed to be replaced.

I bought this item to replace my damaged HTC. The item that was shiped to me was not functioning. I cannot customize or organize my home screen. I cannot move items on the home screen. The phone freezes and shut down when I attempt to delete items on screen.

I bought this phone because it was a great deal. once I received the phone I found out I could transfer my service to the phone .sorry I had to return it....

bought to use with straight talk, works great love it. it is not locked but u will need to change the apn  settings

First, the box of the pone came open, I mean, the phone box, not the amazon box. Second, no Micro SD card was in the box, and the box states it brings one, and third, I can not get to connect the phone to wi-fi. I wish I can resolve this before saturday, because this phone was bought for a person that does not live in the USA and is leaving on saturday.

Buy 2 phones HTC Inspire and one of them does not work i have problems with the microphone when people call me or i call can not hear me, i come with a screw loose, the bottom left of the screen is lose. I must do to return the  damage phone? The order phone purchased works smoothly so far. Location in ColombiaPlease reply to the email maryluz_ocampo@yahoo.com

Great Phone. A little big perhaps, but it's fast and smooth. Although the max Android version for it is 2.3, it can be moded using cyanogen and can compete without problems with the Galaxy SII

I did my research on this phone long before I ever got it. A couple of friends of mine had it and loved it, so I decided to get it. That was the best decision I could have possibly made. This phone is outstanding. I have had it for a little over a week now and I am still being impressed by its features.Update: After some time with this phone I discovered that its battery life is close to nominal. With the wifi, bluetooth, and all other apps closed the battery maybe would last 4 hours. As I was using this phone's wifi instead of 4G, that was extremely useless. Also the signal strength was crap. I went back to an old Moto Razr (flip phone) and had 4 bars when this phone only had 1, if that. Notice that I am using past tense. I sold this phone and got a windows phone.

I got this phone yesterday. This was an ATT HTC inspire phone which is unlocked, The phone overall looks/works in good shape for now, but there are certain aspects which concern me.- the VOID sticker which is present on my HTC inspire (which I had got directly from ATT is missing on this one). the void sticker is placed on 2 screws one under the battery and the other on the screw at the bottom left of the SIM card. This indicates that someone may have probably opened the phone for repair or other work. -Seller called me and informed HTC unlocked phones do not come with the VOID warranty stickers on the screws.(This is an HTC phone made for ATT which was unlocked and sold)- The 8 GB SD card which comes with the ATT HTC INSPIRE phone is missing. Which means I have to buy that from the amazon marketplace or run after the seller to send me one. (Seller called me and informed unlocked phones do not come with the 8GB micro SD card.)this is not a show stopper as micro SD cards are available cheap but if I had known earlier I would have ordered the card along with the phone.

Can u help me?? I just recieved the phone and it doesnt want to find network! Neither ATT nor another one:((( what should i do?????

Este producto cumple con todas las espectativas y caracteristicas senaladas, recomiendo la adquisicion del mismo a todos los interesados.PROS:-Amplia pantalla y de facil acceso.-Procesador y rapidez excelentes.-Amplia capacidad de almacenamiento.-Camara y video excelentes.-Navegacion rapida y fluida.CONTRA:-Software de fabrica inutil en paises donde no trabaja la operadora AT&T;, lo cual ocupan mucha memoria.-Bateria no dura mucho con el uso diario, hay que saber configurar el uso de la misma.-HTC deberia tomar en cuenta este equipo para proximas actualizacones oficiales

I got this to use the square credit card reader but it requires an app to be downloaded from the google store.  This phone will not download google apps.  Don't get if you need to download apps.

The phones arrived in great condition.  the Language is Canadian English, which means the temp is in centigrade.  everything works ok,  I downloaded the manual off the HTC web site.  that did help since no manual was supplied.Thanks for the fast service.

this phone was said to be new online but when i received it i notice that the screws on the phone was tampered with, they clearly have you paying more for a item that is not new

I purchase this for someone so I made it my business to find out how it works, they are stunned. they absolutely love it.

Had the phone for 2 weeks and today it stopped turning on.The battery cover is super hard remove. You literally need like a flat-head screwdriver in order to remove it.I give it 4 stars because I still like the phone. I have had many phones in the past including iPhones and I know that none are invincible.  Granted, I have not tried anything drastic to reboot the phone, but thusfar, the power button is not restarting the phone.

It does what i need it to. Beautiful pics and downloads easy. My kids love it for the easy to manouvre

dont buy this phone u will be wasting ur money had mine litteraly a month and it already stopped working

i received item and the battery was not working i sent an email to the buyer, he right away sent me another one, even though its not working properly but i think its good for the price

I love the way that the phone handles and fits into my gel cover.  It does not slip and the grip is great.  This item comes very highly recommended and especially for those who are in need of an upgrade.

this is a real telephone, excellen product HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP...

The phone I got did not work on the T-moble network, but they are working well with to get the issue fixed.

This phone is huge and is just a great phone altogether. The phone came a day earlier then the expected date. Very fast shipping and just a good phone. The phone was exactly like the description.

This device didn't work at all couldn't read any of the SIM cards. I gave it to my son to use for the internet over wi fi

From the very moment I turned it on it just did not work, it did not hold charge the battery.

The best for the price, HTC is the best phone in the world, this work very good whit android 2.3.3

I had read a review on this phone that said the battery was no good. But I did not take heed of this fowarning. Because others said their phone was good. So I bought it anyway hoping I would get a good one. I received my phone in the mail a few days before I left the states to take it to my fiance in St Lucia. So when I got there we discovered that the battery was no good. We had to order & pay for another battery from a store in St Lucia. So now it works fine however the casing is very very flimsy. you have to be very very careful when you take the cover off to put in the SIM card or you will bend the casing and it will break easy. Take your time in taking off the cover for the battery also it is hard to remove. You can do video calls on this phone but it does not have a front facing camera so you have to turn the phone to the backside so the person you are talking to can see you.What a disappointment because the main purpose for buying the phone was to save money on international calls by using Skype or other free video calls.  :-(

The box was open and the item came with a fake battery. I will be returning this item because I paid to much for a used phone.

Phone was in great shape! No scratches, screen was nice and came in the original box. Put the At&t SIM card in and was on my way!

I love everything about this phone, the looks, the size of it, the speed of it while using it online ,the metal casing. Everything but the camera. It has the worst camera I have seen on any phone. My sansumg wave 2 had a 5 mp camera and produced much better pictures than this 8 mp camera on this HTC Inspire. Now I bought and waiting to recieve the HTC One x and I hope to get a better camera on it.Still love HTCDyer NCL

Glitches, freezes, shuts down, battery doesn' t last, horrible phone. screen cracks so easily, will never buy this phone again

I have always had ANDROID phones... but this phones layout is treacherous! I purchased this phone new and when it came there was NO booklet, so I'm having some issues trying to resolve some upgrade problems. Not even sure that booklet would even be of any assistance to be honest at this point.There is an update (2) actually but they &#34;FAIL&#34; every time I try to upload them. Then I have to remove the battery to restart the phone.. this to me is rather upsetting.To purchase a &#34;NEW&#34; phone and have it not accept commands is NOT acceptable!

I love this phone, i love this phone. Big screen, lots of space. Sure it can't fit in the pocket of your skinny jeans, but I am ok with that. Android is awsome and I will always purchase Android. I got my phone with no issues, no issues from the seller. Will recommend to anyone.

At first there was a problem but they take care for it quickly so I trust them as a future buyer

I knew the phone was refurbished but it came as I bought brand new. The phone came in excellent condition.

I am rough on phones. I have had my Inspire for over two years, and I've lost count of how many times I've dropped it (usually on asphalt and concrete.) I never got around to getting a rubber case for it, so when it falls, it falls hard. The metal has dents, the screen has a scratch, and 4 months ago I fell on a pile of rocks while it was in my back pocket. The glass on the camera lens broke, but the phone works just as well as it ever did. (Even the camera functions work perfectly well still!) Because my two year contract was up, my phone insurance offered me an upgrade instead of replacing this model, and I turned them down. I love this phone. Good signal, good battery, great images, easy responsive interface. It is the best phone I've ever used.

I brought this phone through amazon, for my daughter and it surpassed my expectations it came unlocked as was described. I am pleased with my purchase I am just sorry I did not purchase one for myself. Excellent phone , the camera has great visibility in the night as it has a built n flash. Love it.

I bought several Android phones like the LG Thrill 4G, Motorola Bravo Huawey Sansung etc, all these Bravo Motorola and this is the fastest, HTC Inspire I love is the best despite having android 2.3 has nothing to nevidiar other with android 4.3 as they are slower

Ok i just wanted to warn anyone that is considering buying this phone....Htc is having issues with this phone. I was told this my a customer service rep through AT&T i am now about to receive my fourth one of these.. The first one would speed up my music and make it skip songs where you only heard 6 seconds of the song and they would sound like chimpmunks.Also this one if you were on the lock screen it took you about five minutes to unlock it because it didnt respond to touch. The second phone of this would not let me use my data and would show that i had no signal and i know i did because i was standing beside someone with the exact same phone and they had signal and i didnt. It would give me error messages when I tried to send a text message too when i did have signal. My third one i just got today would tell me that application that runs the phone has an error and i can force close or tell htc if you selected either it would pop up again and then the screen would completely go black. They are now sending me a fourth one...i wish i had never had this phone ever....the phone is great...when it actually works...I also know that this phone was recalled from walmart because i work with the cell phones there

I chose this classification because the phone showed signs of being used, has details on the casing, the phone stopped working the second day of use what the camera and keep getting calls and you can not make calls,I did not like it stopped working first and the other because it looks like a phone used by the details in the housing.I am in Venezuela and not as from here to enforce the warranty, if you have or can solve this problem.thank you in advance what they can do,greetings,Jesus Cepeda+584143295873jcepedaf@gmail.com

Due to the fact this was an AT&T phone the HOTSPOT feature WILL NOT WORK with any other carrier. For me this makes the produce useless. All other features work well and the phone has a nice layout. BEWARE if you use T Mobil or anything other the AT&T

I bought this phone used before I went out of town my HTC Vivid stopped getting reception and AT&T insurance wanted $199 to replace it which I couldn't afford to do. It's a little smaller than my vivid, some of the buttons are switched around but all in all I like it. My only complaint is that my volume down button doesn't work so if I want to turn down my ringer for a movie or something I have to change the profile instead of just using the button which is kind of annoying but I do like that I was able to upgrade back up to HTC sense 3.0 Also the upgrade to 2.3.5 seems to make my touch screen easier to use, I'm not having to jab at it to unlock my phone or scroll pictures. So as a last minute, save my butt replacement phone it does the job well.

this phone, although apparently unlocked did not work for me. i had a much cheaper phone beforehand and never had problems with service around the city but this phone would randomly only work in certain places around my city (and not in my home or at work). i was able to return it and get a refund so that was the only upside of the experience. also, as others noted it was not actually new and i could see light wear and tear on the phone.

Recommend to buy in TheBuyingCo it's like new and Works 100% great phone, ultra fast and is so cheap. Pd doesn't have ICS

Very good value for the price still since I&#34;m not totallly familiar with iit, it will be some time before I can form a definite opini&oacute;n on it.

Got this phone in the month of September. The device was an used one, but did not have any major scratches or dents/dings. However, it used to frequently restart on it own. That was fine. But recently, the screen actually froze. The usual methods of taking the battery out and restarting the device did not alleviate the problem. I took the other step of actually restoring the device to factory setttings. However, the screen is still frozen and device is now a paper weight (unless I decide to root it and install a custom ROM).Please do read up the reviews on this device and there is actually a huge problem with the phone itself. In some cases, the phone will start up once you remove the battery and put it back in. However, there are many cases, where this does not work. It did not work for me. I will also take it up with Amazon to see what else could be done as this phone has been used by me for only about 5 months and decent amount was paid for the device.Please refrain from buying this particular model.

alot of problemes in softwares.from factory . some application stop suddenly .i cant open photos from connected media  or camera.it doesnot contain arabic languesh and cant read arabic .

i feel doped to buy this phone. It is totally useless. It doesn't work in any sort of building, apartment or house. The GPS does not work at all. This may be because i am using it with T-Mobile, while it is AT&T phone. Any way, i hate it!

Its a very nice phone but I think the phone was used because I saw some files that was last viewed in 2011. However I would recommend that you purchase it works well. Just insert your sim card n use. Also suggest you have a microSD with a lot of memory cause the phone memory is not sufficient.

Very good morningThe article you sent me this excellent hurt not speak English as I would like to negotiate with you direct more

HTC inspire has excellent characteristics for the majority of users, is faster, I'm very happy with this phone for reasons others have mentioned. There are only a few disadvantages: battery life.

When I first got the phone and then got my sim chip to work in it the phone was amazing.  Phone was never dropped, in a hard protective case from day 1, screen protector from day 1 and now less than 6 months later the phone itself will not charge the battery.  Several new batteries purchased but the port in the phone itself is bad, also means no synching or updating anything program wise.  I would have given this more than 2 stars if not for the port problem.  I guess this is why people say not to buy unlocked phones from Amazon because you never know what you are going to get out of the box and you have NO warranty.  :(

Didnt like the way screen felt ... Phone didnt last a day with out giving me problems.. Wasnt charging right and battery just didnt seem any good... I disliked the phone as soon as i got it!!

I think that once I understand how to operate this telephone, I will like it.  It has been the hardest phone so far, to learn to program. The picture is great and the camera is great.

I bought this phone with the understanding that T-Mobile would work just fine on it. Well....NO, it doesn't at all. I have no service in most areas. I have very little service bars in my house, and even then there is an &#34;E&#34; where there should be 3G at the very lease. Making it nearly impossible to download anything or make calls or text. Almost all the apps are outdated, and I can't update the phone because its equipped with At&t software. So....in short, if you have At&t you may have more luck with this phone, if you have anything else....it's really not a great choice. T-Mobile users....BEWARE! Buy a T-mobile phone, it will save you money and a headache.

This is a pretty decent phone for a back up.  It was purchased while a broken iphone was being replaced, so didn't get a ton of use.

It widely fulfilled my expectations!!! easy to use and a fair price, I am still exploring all the things I can do with it, HTC is getting more and more spaces in the market according to my point of view.

Make sure your buying it for a 1900MHz GSM Band else you wont get the maximum value out of the phone. I only get EDGE because the provider is 2100 MHz.

I bought three of these phones only one work after hours of messing with it, I got nothing but the run around from amazon and never even got a contact number for there vendor they told me that they had no contact info for MBC hell I was able to google the damm thing witch tells me that Amazon didn't even look. You tell me how you can sell on Amazon without giving them a contact number????? That's a bunch of B.S. This is why you can not buy anything on line but apps. Now after waiting for the phones I will now have to send them back. And spend my money with a real world store.  Amazon has just gotten to big for there own good.

I bought this phone and I could track the package from the beginning of the purchase. I brought it to Ecuador and works without problem.

It came with a bad battery..  Took it  to a  cellphone  battery store,  and $45  later it was finally working properly..  Not to mention  all of the service updates it  needs..  Annoying

This phone has to be charged so often, i am not sure if it was the right choice of phone

This cellphone is superb

this is a trash, charger do not working, i tried to everything but I could not reach good result, people do not buy this item

Its a beautiful phone i really like it. It has athe perfect size scree for my hands. I would recommend but some features are out-dated. It's pretty fast. Battery life though, is kinda off, but everything is what i wanted it to be. Although, I haven't found a way to update the software but its nice i love it. :)

I bought this mobile on January, 2013. Now my mobile's speaker is not working. I hate this mobile and it is giving me hard time. Please no one should purchase this device.

Bought this phone for my mom and she absolutely loves it! It arrived early, was unlocked exactly what was promised by the seller. I am very pleased and although the battery life is not the bes my mom adores it, she doesnt do most things on it, so she says its perfect for her.

This phone arrived on time and simply installed the SIM card from the old phone and everything took care of itself!  Easy to use and good battery life.  I would recommend this phone and I am thinking about purchasing another one for my son.

A very nice HTC phone with a beautiful screen that, unfortunately, didn't work for me.  I liked the phone and wish I could have kept it.  However, I had problems with it and returned to Amazon for a full refund (which I got).  Unfortunately, the phone did not come with a battery, so I had to buy one before I could find out if it worked.  Fortunately, the seller, Tablet Distributors has offered me a $30 inconvenience fee which will help offset this expense.It was refurbished and sometimes there are problems with a refurbished item.  I found out later that the seller was willing to exchange it, but by then I had returned it.  My advice:  Contact your seller if you have any problem with an Amazon purchase as they may be able to help you resolve it without returning the item.

good morning I have problem with the destination address or delivery, so the product has reached its destination, I made the request for return or exchange but is to change the delivery address, and had no answer to make the return dede please help to complete the sale

I HATE THIS PHONE. ITS CLUNKY AND CUMBERSOME. OMG THE PICTURE FEATURE ONLY SHOOTS ONE WAY. NOT A LOT MORE I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS PHONE. THIS PHONE IS THE STEP-DOWN FOR ALL HTC MODELS.

I could NOT use this phone.  It was LOCKED to ATT only.  It was absolutely false advertising, and I wasted my time ordering it from this vendor.  Thank goodness for the Amazon return policy.

Got this phone last week, as a power-user and avid Android fan, I immediately rooted it and installed a Gingerbread ROM. It helped the battery a ton, and made the phone a lot better.Pros - Nice display, great for watching video. Dual mics for noise cancelling in busy areas. A nice and bright flash that doesn't make photos too saturated. The speakers are great, I can play music, set it to really loud and hear it from the other side of my house. I wouldn't recommend it though, and would suggest a pair of headphones to go along with it.Cons - The battery life is nothin compared to other phones I have had. I get 24 hours out of it at the cost of 75% of the battery. (When in doubt, charge it!) The phone stock from AT&T;, still uses Froyo as its firmware, which is about a year old and unheard of for a phone like this that is above average, especially given the fact it is one of the nicest phones from AT&T; that runs Android.Protip, if you ever need to remove the battery, do it from behind the volume rocker. It's a lot easier than the small notch they made a littler lower, and less likely to scratch the casing up.

I love this phone completely. I honestly can't find any glitches, it automatically informed me of the update when I connected to my WiFi. The display is amazing, the touch screen is flawless. This phone is amazing. The camera, yes 8 MP. I mean I did expect a little more for the cam, but its nothing that's holding me back from enjoying the phone. It's pretty user friendly and simple to learn, well I am kinda tech-savvy so that could explain my getting along with the phone so well. I did find that my first all was a bit low, no matter how much volume I added, but my 2nd call made up for that. The battery life I must say isn't worth applauding, but that is something I was aware of, but pretty much that's the only flaw.

this phone was so good. working good, fast,easy to use. but when i see the label of the box , display 8gb sd card. i check the phone ,only 2gb.

The say it is unlocked , but it is not , it doesnt even accept at&t (lol?) dont buy this crap , please.

this is a great phone for the price point due to my Samsung galaxy III being stolen. couldnt get replacement so went online found a unlocked phone in case, only thing was no instruction manual had to print one from HTC website, but other than that phone works great have had no issues after a couple of months I had a HTC before my Samsung ,was happy with that one too so they are comparable to apple or Samsung.

I ordered the HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Cell Phone and got an HTC Desire HD. The biggest difference is the Inspire will work on 4G the Desire HD will not.

The phone is modern and user friendly.Will recommend to friends to purchase as well soon.Keep it up please and regards

and could not activate!!! Terrible, terrible  to have an item for sale that is not usable... need to return it.R waggoner

I just got my phone yesterday. I order it Friday evening and got the three day shipping and it actually got here early Monday morning.  I order it becauses one of the reviews said it had a front camera, it doesnt. However I love my phone. Its a great phone so far but I will write another review after a week or so.  I would give it five star but no front camera will only get it four.  I brought from a company called breed but filled by amazon so im hoping for no problems.

I LIKETHE PHONE VERY VERY UPSET THAT THE SELLER THINKS THAT EVERY ONE SPEAKS SPANISH THE INSTRUCTIONAL BOOKLET WAS WRITTEN IN SPANISH WHAT? IS THAT ABOUT I HAVE TO USE COMMONSENSE TO SET UP THE PHONE DOT KNOW IF I WILL KEEP THIS PHONE BI NEED A ENGLISH LAUNGUAGE BOOKLET.

Wow, this phone is great and apps are wonderful, absolutely amazing. The only problem is the battery life, why do you want a cellphone that will do everything if you have to disable it to save the battery life.  I think a good deep cycle marine battery would let it run all day and hey they don't weight but about 50 lbs... ha, but the phone is fantastic.  In all reality the phone life is about 3 hours running all apps that I have installed.  I keep it pluged in every chance I get in the office, house and car.  It has not run down yet...

I have some problems with the product.First i didn't receive the sd card and the charger is not working properly

i absolutely love this phone the features are amazing easy to access and use vivid colors  the app store is amazing my only problem with this phone is the volume even on the highest its soft and dats a bummer for me cause i love my music loud and i sometimes miss calls cause i dont hear d ph ringing if its in the nxt room.......

if you have money to waste go head a buy this phone but this phone is the worst phone i had and i gave it three month and its bad. not only is it very slow but this phone freeze up for no reason. i would have understand if it was used but i bought it brand new. please dont waste your time. by the way the sound and hd is thw worst. i wish i could give the junk a half of star wow htc

The phone its new but the problem its that the phone is not unlocked only work with AT&T edge. I try to start with tigo, comcel and movistar but the phone didnt work

I bought this for my mom, who is 62, and she is delighted, loving the cam and other features, of course I unlocked the bootloader and S-Off in order to flash a decent rom, it's a pity HTC and ATT inspite selling an unlocked phone, won't let you upgrade that software to a decent one, the hardware on the phone supports ICS 4.0 with no problem.

Price and quality comparison is very bad. the Cables included are defective. The battery life spam is horrible, stays on for no more than 12 hours with little to no phone usage. And lastly, they did not include a memory card, meaning I cant even take pictures. If I knew that I would have to invest another $20-$40 in memory, I would have not purchased this item for this price... Not worth it. Very disappointed, I feel cheated.

Battery life is about 3/4 of a day with normal use. This phone is supposed to be 4G but I have yet to experience any 4G capabilities. this phone is unable to download certain apps in the play store. Needless to say I'm not impressed with this phone at all.

Bought this phone 2-months ahead since I was waiting for my current phone plan to expire 1st before I could use it. When I started using the phone, a lot of things weren't functioning like picture text, no internet connection even when there is a wifi service to connect to, sometimes the phone will automatically cancel my calls & voicemails, very  very slow internet service, social networks wont log in and host of other problems. Right now, I'm in the process of exchanging this product for a better one or getting my full refund back because this is so unfair. Maybe I shouldn't have bought a used phone because this is my 1st time buying a used phone & the experience isn't good at all. I hope the seller exchanges this one for a better phone for me because I like this phone model.

excuse the tardansa to comnetario, delivery was very fast delivery let me solprendido destination in my country Venezuela, is very good move with great rapides when connected to a network himnalabrica waiffai, I recommend to use it, making photo is imprecionante, takes good videos of androis applications are excellent, I recommend you buy it.

I just love it thanks

the phone sent to me was used, while I paid for new, no manual, charger very dirty, scratches on the screen. I have to send it back.

Fast shipping......... Phone unlocked and works good so far............only had for a couple of days so we will see...........Easy Set up......

I used to have a slow phone and buying the unlocked version of this phone was a great buy it came quick and glad it was a good buy for the price

I love this phone, everything about it is awesome. The only thing i don't like about it, is the fact that i freezes from time to time and you have to take the battery out and put it back in to restart the phone. This is difficult when i have a case for it, but other than that, it was a great buy.

I bought the HTC Inspire 4G supposed to be the brand new one but it turned out it is already opened. It was not in the original box, there were nothing sealed like the way you open a new phone, it has a little scratch. It does not have the SD card, I'm not sure it might be that way. And the seller should show the picture of all the angles of the phone but he/she did not. If they did, I would not buy it since I don't want a ATT phone. I should have searched before buying it.

Went from the HTC one x to this its a little different but works great! I love it. Defiantly very pleased and satisfied. It came with everything and was packaged great and brand new in the box

I did love it so much. I have already recommended it to my friends,I phone has everything that I needed.

It worked for a day then froze up on me and the speaker is ruined. Very disappointed next time I will just use e-bay.

excellent product, is a cell phone that has everything, and the system is perfect, is made of durable material is easy for me to handle, is thin and pretty, is quick to navigate and download applications, the camera is good, I would like the battery will last longer.

I ordered my phone from Jamaica and received it on Tuesday May 27. Today May 29 I have charged the phone 4 times already after receiving it. I charge the phone in the night and it is fully charged and by 10 am the phone is yellow and needs charging, from a limited amount of charging. I ordered a new phone and the impression I am getting is that this is not a new phone or new battery because the battery should not be dying so quickly. This is the first time I am buying something on Amazon and I am very disappointed.

Its a nice phone. My old one had such a small screen. Now I can see the time lol, and my big thumbs don't fumble up my texts anymore because the keyboard tabs are big enough. Has many options and features most of which I do not use but its nice just in case I decide to. Price was right too, and I got the phone on the expected delivery date and it was in great condition.

I was fooled, this phone is not unlocked, I just spend 25 usd to unlock, I am disappointed with this purchase

Updates majorly slow this phone down. Also, it is an unlocked phone so I was told that my picture messages will never be able to send and I will not be able to download incoming multimedia messages.

I purchased this cell phone as a gift for my niece.  My niece charged the phone overnight.  The next day, the phone would not power on.  It never worked!  It was supposed to be a brand new phone, but it did not work.  Look at the negative reviews.  Many of the reviews have similar complaints - the phone was defective, never worked, terrible customer service.  Clearly the glowing reviews are not from actual customers. Amazon should be ashamed.  Buyers BEWARE!One month later, I am still waiting on a refund.  I will not buy another phone from Amazon again.  This is ridiculous.

An excellent phone which has a battery life of about 24 hours (which is plenty for me) but has no front facing camera, so no video calls.

i just got this phone last month and it is broken. when i woke up it was blinking red light. I have tried to recharge it and it will not turn on.. A total waste of money!!! do not buy.. the warranty is only 30 days and the seller will not help. Do not buy !!! Im so mad I'm out of a phone and 165 bucks. Never again!!

I LOVE this phone! It came very quickly and I have had very little problems with it so far. I ordered it on a Monday and got it the following Wednesday!

The best phone in the world has a great screen and downloads so fast and takes great pictures but battery doesnt last no time and i guess thats the down side to having a great phone theres always going to be cons.

I owned this phone for about a year and loved it. However, I upgrade my phones often as I am a techie and have to have the latest phone/tablet, etc. Here is my detailed review, and I hope that it will help you make a good decision if you need a great smartphone at this great price!Pros:- Very clear and easy to read 4.3" screen.- Outstanding colors with clear and vivid screen.- 2.2 Android allowed me to save many installed apps on my SD External card. (Cannot do this anymore after OS 3.0 and higher).- Great camera - I took many high quality pictures and many were better than my regular camera.- Music Player (stock) is very good. Sound could be louder, however, a good set of headphones fixed this and the sound is good with the headset.- Got 4g on the Internet Data.- WiFi came in clear and fast.- Overall a easy to use and good sized 4.3" phone and it is a little heavy, yet still comfortable to hold with big enough screen.- Built in FM Radio. This is one of my favorite features!- Good memory and this phone was fast and peppy for me.- Excellent Internal storage space. **Also many apps that I installed I was able to move onto my External SD card because the OS in this phone is 2.2. After OS 3.0 and above, apps cannot be moved onto the SD card, so this is a plus for this phone.Cons:- Do not like that the back has two separate compartments for battery and Sim card, memory card, a hassle to open this up, but I got used to it.- HEAVY PHONE for it's size!- Phone kind of thick (at least by today's standards).In spite of the cons, I still give it a 4.6 as it is a good phone even for today!Also, I am a techie and know a lot about Android devices that is smartphones and tablets, so if you have any questions, please ask me in the comment section.Hope that this review has been helpful to you and thank you for reading it.

I am happy with my purchase. Only issue has been the service provider. I am currently with T-mobile and as this phone is an unlocked ATT phone, some features like wifi calling do not work. When I do have a signal the phone works great.

was very excited when I got it. Worked well for the first week, then second week, stopped hearing when i made a call, then began telling me insert a sim card when the sim card was there. Disappointed big time

Regarding price / technology  this cellphone is amazing. Its very powerful and also the screen and the functionality it has its very nice.

the phone is an excellent phone, with a great camera and operating software... however, it is advertised as a 4G phone and when using it with other carriers other than AT&T;, it only gets 2G speeds... very misleading...i am highly disappointed as i love the phone but cannot deal with the slow data speed...

I had to send this product back because the only time it remotely worked was when it was plugged into a charger.

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE BETTER THAN THE IPHONE AND MY WIFE LOVE ALL THE FEATURES AND IT HAS AN OUTSTANDING 8 MB PIXEL CAMERA.

The phone didn't work at all because there was previous water damage. The phone turned on and everything seemed to work but I couldn't get the mobile network turned on. I ended up taking it to my provider and they said that because of the water damage (which they could tell by the sticker by the battery saying void) it likely effected the antenna  not allowing me to connect. I had to return the product.

I am somewhat of a rookie when it comes to smartphones so am not the best critic, but there is a lot with this phone that I'm not happy with. For instance, it sometimes switches in the middle of a conversation to another party or disconnects entirely. It drops service when I am googling or doing something else,  i.e. using navigation or other application. I'm trying to be patient and hope it'll all work out. I did discover that it is a reconditioned phone and not a new one, but Amazon worked with me on that issue. Overall I think my lesson is to try a phone out first before purchasing when at all possible.

i bought as an unlocked phone so i can use my simple mobile simcard on it , but it doesnt work , it says locked

The item description says that is an unlocked phone but it's not. I have tried with 3 different companies and anybody could use it.The SIM always says that the Network is locked and requires a SIM network unlock PIN no matters what. I use too many SIM cards from those companies and those ones did not work either.I do not know how Amazon allows this kind of situations. this is a fraud!

For those of you who want to know the point: A budget 4G Phone lacking in speed but with a nice cameraOkay this phone is a medium budget phone for people who crave the power of 4G, yet they are on a budget. The point of this phone is a 4G UPGRADE to theHTC Desire HD A9191 Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Touchscreen--International Version with No Warranty (Black).Cons:This phone is a Single core Qualcomm Snapdragon S2 running at 1.00 GHz (For those of you that don't know; GHz is a limited view on how fast a processor is in the same family...for example the Snapdragon 800 2.3 GHz is faster than the Snapdragon 600 1.9 GHz)which is quite disappointing in terms of game play due to its outdated Adreno 205 graphics. It has 768 MB of RAM, the more RAM; The more stuff you can do at one time [Multiple Tabs on the Internet, Playing a game while talking, having 30 apps open, etc.]. BEWARE: THIS PHONE HAS NO OFFICIAL SUPPORT ANYMORE; that's right- after 2.3.5, no more Android Versions. One last thing- this phone has a 1280 x 720 pixel display, and on a 4.3 inch display it's not that sharp.What we know:Slow phone without any supportPros:This phone is actually quite cheap these days, and serves as a beginner phone. Even though this phone has an S2, it's on par with a lower-end dual core, and most games run well. The camera is decent, but the flash is a true champion, with two LEDs that are visible from at least half a mile away. Even with a 780p display, the colors are vivid with the S-LCD screen.*Conclusion*A budget phone with 4G capability for those who need a 4G experience and don't expect this phone to handle everything you throw at it.My Experiences (Chronological Order):Asphalt 6 starting to lag severelyHome Screen Freezing and lagging116 Seconds to boot upNice photosGood flashlightNoise-Canceling works little-bitFast Wi-Fi recieverVery fast 4GI hope this helps your decision-Jayanth Annadurai____Note:_____(Unlocking the Bootloader[Go to HTCdev.com and follow the instructions with other devices] significantly increases performance about 20%, however game stability, such as Where's my Water 2, is severely reduced)

We purchased two of these for some friends in Argentina.Both of these phones had failures within 2-3 months.The problem was that, all of the sudden, they turned off, began vibrating for 6-9 seconds, and never turned on again.Our friends sent them to get checked out and they were told that the phones were unrepairable and completely worthless.We should have listened to the negative reviews of this model, we just thought that maybe it would be repaired by the refurbishing process.Buyer beware!!!  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE!!!

The batterie is down each time i unplug it in the outlet box . I'd like to return it but i left us for a trip.

I got locked phone instead of unlocked and i had a time constraint but wireless professionals solved my problem and took immediate actions to avoid delay,i have my correct shipment now,thanks a lot wireless professionals...

Because I sent this to Ghana and wasn't working ,the Phone will sent to me on 22 nov which is about three day more and I return it ,other is ok

Customer satisfaction was what I expected. Phone is an excellent product for the price. Battery doesn't last too long. That is my only complaint.

As a amazon customer I enjoy the access and variety of products.  my htc inspire phone i loved. i had it for a long time and considered it even to an iphone or better. So when mine finally died, I looked and found this one. When I took it to my at&t store, they complimented me on the phone and asked if i would share how much and where i gotit. They set my phone up and again said what a great deal and in such great condition. I do not expect perfection but the phone has issues, biggie ones. right now central timebis 8:23 am on january 6, 1980. I didnt even think this phone was around. This is new, onky three days. It locks up, it goes completely black and acts like a computer saying its locked and need ti reboot. The battery is constantly drained, yes I power save and dont havea lot going on. I even bought a new battery and charger. Still I lose my phone for days, i take out the battery and let sit then re install. I am a creature of habit, i keep things long time. I still dont have everything on this phone that i use to. My family says Its my fault for not getting a newer phone, and that even though i have 4g the phone is slow. again i dont expect perfection but now i cant even use my alarm clock . I know I cant return it but now i have to go find another phone and start over. That is what I didnt want to do, thats why I had it since it came out. I hope you appreciate the great review and please hope I can find a phone I actually like and it works.  Thank You, Carmen Wilson

I think I might have loved this phone but the battery would not stay charged even to try it out and the battery  had to be removed every time to  switch it on, so I am afraid I had to return it. I was very impressed with Amazon staff at helping

Phone would not charge after first day of use. Was excited by all functions.  Had bought as a new product.Very dissappointed.

phone get pretty hot after using it for more than an hour. I'm not happy at all..The battery drains too fast and the screen freezes .

It is very very slowDisconnects while tallking and it says &#34;Sorry! ....has stopped working unexpectedly.Would you tell to HTC?&#34; when i am teying to search my contacts.

Great phone ,fast arrival, working good and everything but not new. Used charger and generic cables  cleverly packed on generic seal plastic bags Over all I'm happy with the phone but it really is not new as advertise

I bought this phone last Friday.It is so good.Big microphone,big touch screen.The HTC sence is pretty good.I can't use my word to describe this phone.My friend thought this phone better than iphone4.That was true.If you want to buy a big touch screen phone and do not want to buy a expensive phone.This one is good.I suggest you buy a battery after you buy this phone because it's a big phone.

I purchased two of the HTC A9192 Inspire 4G phones and neither one of the would turn on or charge.

I purchased this phone and it came with a broken lcd display; I payed almost 30% of the phone value to replace.

This phone is borderline functional for even the basic features. Issues I'm encountering are as follows: 1) Phone calls are full of static or dropped frequently;  2) I am unable to receive multimedia (picture) messages even though my cell plan covers them. 3) The internet browser constantly jumps back to its previous page causing me to re-enter search criteria and/or log-in information.4) The battery dies very quickly considering.It is possible that I received a defective device; however, I tried to contact the seller for a potential replacement or return only to learn my return period expired on 6/28. Having had the phone for only 5 weeks I am deeply disappointed in what I received for the +$170 price. Considering I can't even use the phone to make calls, I would have been better off buying a $25 flip phone.

This phone was  locked and was not new and did not have a manual. It was all scratched up and it was made for at&t

I love this phone. It has an excellent camera, HD screen resolution and i can install apps on my memory card. The only thing i don't like is the loudness of the audio speaker, it is average compared to these phones made to play music. But the head phones will take care of that for you.

Buy this phone and the battery get damaged, I hope I replaced the battery because I could use the phone.The measurement with a tester and just mark 0.02 volts and should make 3.8V.

This is about the best business i have done and will do again. will recommend to anybody anytime. was really great doing business with you.

I really enjoy using my new phone. I do not have a service plan yet therefore I can not get the camera to work but so far so good.

I got this phone as a replacement for my old Nokia, and so far, everything was great. The initial setup went very quickly and easily. I was able to easily transfer all of my old contacts over to the new phone via BlueTooth, so I did not need to copy all of the contacts by hand.Although the Android OS is the fairly old 2.3 version, it is configured with HTC sense to add a better interface.The 8 MP camera is great, it creates well focused high resolution pictures that you can easily move to your computer.Overall, I am very impressed by this product, and now it is a tool that I cannot live a day without.

The phone came with black stickers over the At & t logo and not fully unlocked as thethering does not work.  Also all I received is the phone and charger, so this phone looks like it was re-packaged.Apart from that the phone works and seems in good condition but definately not new.

PRODUCT DOES NOT KEEP A CHARGE AND I HAVE REPLACES THE BATTERY.  VERY UPSET BECAUSE THIS WAS A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY FOR A USED PHONE.

My cousin wanted a phone and we chose this one. I bought it and gifted it to her and it was amazing. She says it works well and with a strong signal and 3G in Barbados. The battery life is great and it was definitely not a used phone! My seller was BREED and fulfilled by Amazon

I don't like this phone because it wouldn't ready my memory card.  Whenever I wanted to take a picture, it kept asking me to insert an SD card when in fact it was already inserted so I had to keep opening and reinserting until the phone recognized the card.  Also, it wouldn't let me enter my password after unlocking it.  It was very frustrating so I to return it.  It didn't work for me so I don't recommend it.

The phone works ok but after half hr to an hr it shuts off an im unable to power it on back using the power button therefore I have take out the battery to power it on .

i bought 3 cellphones HTC A9192, i bought them three months ago for 190$, i thinks that was expensive.. there is other cellphone better for the price i paid.but the screen of this cellphone and the exterior quality is good... i recomend it.In venezuela this cellphone runs 3G H+... this model is for AT&T;3G 1900 mhz

I'm Currently With Family Mobile , The Phone WAS Good At First But As Soon As I Got Internet My Phone Started To FREEZE, TURN OFF AND ON BY ITSSELF, THINK YOYR TEXTING AND LOOK AT WHAT YOU WROTE AND IT WOULD BE BLANK,  With That Beening Said I'm Looking For A New Phone

Good phone.  Came unlocked, however, I haven't been able to connect to the internet without wifi.  Can't figure out how to unlock for data.

I purchased this phone in early September of 2013 and had problems with the phone shutting down. After a while it started to stay on so I decided to keep it and then in late February 2014 the phone just stopped working. I can't return the phone because the return policy doesn't permit it. I now have a fancy paperweight; worse purchase I've made in a long time!

Worked well. Showed marks all over phone.

No complaints from my 15 year old that says a lot right there.  This phone has not had any problems since I purchased it.  Great buy.

Good day, one of the telephones that buys to you this presenting problems in the lcd screen and in the ignition button, when taking it to repair us they indicate that the telephone is reconstructed, inclusive he lacks the screws that fix it to the base and that the same one has damaged the LCD and the power badge, volume. She/he lights alone, it is unblocked alone, it indicates to turn off, to restart, way airplane continually.If I return it to you the cost of taxes it is very high.I find bad that if it paginates it she/he says that the telephone is new, they tell us that it is reconstructed, he didn't want to qualify as bad.

When I purchased this phone. It suppose to be a new phone. To be a new phone I have had this phone less than a month and it keeps freezing up.Have to keep shutting the phone off and on.Wouldn't recommend no one to purchase this phone !!!!!!!

Very good smart phone.Everything is good, except that the battery is not strong enough, and could just last for one day long...

The phone was a great price and well conditioned. It works with my current provider and the features are excellent.

Battery could have been a bit better but aside from that it is as designed and very fairly priced at less than $150.

This is the best phone I ever have, I really love all what I can do with this phone. The perfect cellular.

This is a great phone on a whole, but there's a HUGE problem with this device. It's a common problem really.. The phone restarts anytime I start it up and unlock it. It only works when it's charging and there is no SIM in it. I looked up some solutions and some people say to install a theme to replace HTC Sense UI. The restarting stopped for like 1 day and then started again. It can only stay on long on a FULL battery for like 30 minutes and then it does the restarting loop. I consulted a technician and he said the problem is common and it's a hardware problem. I will be returning this phone on Monday hoping to get a refund. DO. NOT. BUY. THIS.

truth because I had some problems with q l charger but the phone is great. q there is nothing to envy to the samsung or apple

The battery life is not as bad as some have made it out to be. It drops to about half rather quickly, but stays at half a battery for awhile. I use internet pretty frequently (which wares down the battery) but have not had the phone shut off because the battery was too low. Good phone. some games freeze it up, but some do not, just have to mess around with that and figure out which games work. Overall, I am pleased with it.

this have had this phone for less than a week and I already have to get a replacement. It freezes all the time and used all my data in two days. Worst phone I ever had

i really enjoyed this phone so much dont listen to other people this phone was great but picture message wouldnt send or recieve bugged alot but had a great time with this phone

I have used other HTC smart phones extensively and was excited to try out the HTC A9192 Inspire.  I purchased it on Amazon.com via "UnlockedCellPhoneKings".  During the first hour or so of use, the phone performed very well.  The display and processing speed were impressive.  However, fundamental problems started to surface around after half a week of use.The main problem with the HTC A9192 Inspire is that the screen randomly starts to scroll rapidly after about an hour or so of use.  It will continue to do this until the user powers the screen on and off.  The scrolling will reoccur every so often.  This results in the device essentially being unusable.Additionally, I only received the phone, battery, and charger.  No extra battery, MicroSD memory card, or microphone/earphone were received with the shipment.

The unit keeps shutting off. The seller sent a new battery but still shuts off. This is a horrible unit and now the seller says too late . The warranty is only 3 months!!!! Do not deal with this company !!!

It didn't meet my expectations. The screen keep freezing which block me from making or receiving calls. I am so disappointed with the phone.

The seller advertised the phone as new however unit arrived with blemishes from obvious usage (paint stripping and very fine scratches and dirt lodged in the meshed area) also most frustratingly was the fact that as soon as i tried charging the unit i realised that the charging port is broken had hold in for charging to take place.Stay far from this seller they are a rip off.

This phone works good 95%For pictures is great 100%Battery is not bad 80%I can recommend Avery body to have this phone, if you like to take pictures , YouTube, Facebook internet so fast .

This phone has been a major frustration though I've had it for only a year. The biggest problem is that it likes to freeze during using the navigation and while making calls. The only way to resolve the freeze issue is to take the battery completely out which eventually wore out my battery clip holder.I had to purchase another one. My &#34;maps&#34; application also bugged out on me after about 6 months. I would try to search for something but it would blink on and off. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. If you do buy it make sure you buy an Aker battery which will make the freeze issue slightly better.

The phone was to be new. However, when we got it there were several issues. One being the backing to the phone clearly did not belong to that phone and it never turned on. We returned it.

I would recommend the HTC Inspire (or Desire as it is called outside the US). I have had this phone for two years now. I have been very happy with it as well. About a year ago, mine broke while working (I'm a firefighter/paramedic, and I forgot to take it out of my pocket prior to going on a call), and I did not have a second thought about buying the same one again. The phone comes with the standard smartphone options, such as wifi, gps, 4g & 4g support as well.The phone has a great stock ROM that is one of the best for Android based phones. The ROM is well put together with the appropriate options for the common user. Most Android apps work for this ROM as well, although the stock ROM was unable to run Google Chrome.The battery life is about standard for a smart phone, and does seem to require to be charged twice a day for the amount I use my phone. I should note I use my phone as my morning newspaper and read the news for about an hour every morning, and I also use it for my job, looking up medical information and extrication manuals for rare cars (hybrids, ect). So it gets pretty heavy use, and two charges a day when I am in my vehicle or at my desk seems to work out well. If you play games, it will drain the battery very quickly, though.The phone comes with an 8 megapixel camera, wish is good for casual photography. I wouldn't recommend it for any serious photography, but it works good for taking pictures of my family, pets, ect. I also use it to document certain things in my job, such as car accident photos, or during fire investigation.The GPS does leave something to be desired, as I often cannot get a signal. I am unsure if this is due to the phone itself, or the function of the satellites and where I live.The HTC Inspire is a good media phone. It can play CPU hungry games, although it does quickly drain the battery and the phone does get hot while playing anything more graphically intense then Angry Birds. The phone comes with an 8gb sd card for storage of photos, games, music, ect. This can be replaced with a larger sd card, up to 32gb, which is great if you use your phone as an MP3 player as I do.The Inspire is not without faults, but it is a great phone, and can be easily modified through rooting as well. I would recommend the phone for anyone from casual user up to those that love their gadgets. It is all around a good phone.

not what i really want would love for it to be bigger and easyer to use i would notbuy it again and no one should.

Very good seller good product and I recommend it 100% to the community, an excellent and functional phone with all operators and very fast and easy handling. regards

I think i got it for a good deal. I bought it as a present for a friend and he really like. No scratches and exactly as advertised

I really enjoyed this phone, it has a lot of cool features and runs really well. I am a huge fan of all HTC phones

I have had several phones, but this one needs some improvements. Hard to read, text and mail not organized very well. Just an average design. Would probably look for something else next time

A very nice cell phone, i like it a lot, it has many great functions and looks very nice. And for this price I cannot have something better

this phone is just amazing! i fell it down like 10000 times, still working, solid as rock, functional but the 4g not work in Costa Rica

I was an ATT customer when I bought this phone and the 4g was really fast, faster than my ATT DSL. I switched to T-mobile, but usually only get 2g on this phone now (t-mobile uses a different frequency set for 4g than ATT) I can get 4g on this phone in some areas, but rarely. If using t-mobile, opt for a t-mobile branded phone instead.This phone is stuck on Gingerbread and won't upgrade to Ice-cream sandwich or jellybean.

Overall I am very pleased with this phone. I purchased an HTC phone because I had the HTC Incredible and loved it and I wanted to stay with the same user interface. The only reason I purchased a new phone is that I am leaving Verizon and going to Straight Talk and they require a GSM phone.There have been some reviews indicating that this phone does not work with prepaid carriers but my experience setting this up with Straight Talk has been flawless. You just need to make sure that you purchase an ATT SIM card from Straight Talk's website (Straight Talk uses ATT's towers for this and most other phones). And overall I am also very pleased with Straight Talk both on price and coverage.I have also read some reviews, both on Amazon and other websites, that indicate the HTC Inspire has poor reception. At first I thought the same thing. But then I realized that the antenna for this phone is actually part of the SIM card cover. I don't know why they did this but if you are having reception issues make sure that the SIM card cover (bottom of phone) is securely and tightly fitted onto the phone. In addition you may need to clean the 2 copper electrodes on the cover and the phone to ensure that you have a good connection.The only reason for a 4 instead of a 5 star is that the manufacturer's box that this phone came in was not in new condition. It had been opened and not handled with care. I assume they have to open the box to &#34;unlock&#34; it from ATT but the box looks to be a year old and dropped a few times. In addition the 8GB SD card was not included as advertised. Not a huge deal for me since they only cost $6 and I had already planned to buy a 16 GB but I wanted to mention this.Overall I am very pleased with my HTC Inspire. Amazon had excellent and fast delivery as always (fulfilled by Amazon). I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an unlocked GSM phone for use with Straight Talk or other potential prepaid (better value) services.

I bought this phone new, and to date although the os has updated, whenever Itry to update it I  cannot.  It wont allow me to personalize my ring tone because I cant use a saved song (like even the bb could because its too big)  I also cant listen to the preset radio stations I have.  Its one thing after another.  Amazon sends me to HTC and to date the so called experts at HTC cannot give me a workable solution to have my phone updated,  when I tell them to replace my new phone which I have had for less than six months they won't because its not in their policy. Even though its less than a month after I bought the phone I had reported the problems I've had with them

I really like ti...it's totally worth it!  I bough the phone Sunday night, got it the next day (Monday) at 7:55am, I was so happy

It doesn't comes unlocked. You will need to call or send a mail to Wireless Experts, so they will send you an unlock code.Another problem is that AT&T; blocks to install "Unknown sources" apps. This is not a big problem 'cause the android update will restore the  "Unknown sources" option in the apps manager (probably you will wait some time for that).Anyway, it's a very good phone and after solving these problems I'm very happy and satisfied.

i received this phone with no damage or any problems. i have been using the phone now for a month without any problems

Worked for a couple of weeks then crashed. Took in to my phone carrier--they said it had water damage before I received it. Had to replace it.

This phone is crap I had it for 2 months and the screen want work anymore!

I was very surprised to receive the phone in a very timely manner, 4 days after ordering. It was easy to set up and was up and running in very little time. It was packaged like a new phone and also appeared to be new, with no scratches or damage at all.

Couldn't wait to receive my phone, it came really fast, and everything was in order. Best decision I have made this year. You have to try it for yourself!

I love this phone, is the best phone i ever had, only the android os version is old, need an actualization

It was in good conditions but I only have a problem when I am trying to do several things at the same time.

i specifically ordered black and was shipped gray! the guy is trying to say thats how its supposed to be but the box says htc inspire gray!!! there is no black at all its ugly!! beware!

Please do not buy this product. This is really worst and all are duplicate parts..

Contrary to previous reviews, the phone accepts my network carrier (Simple Mobile) and network is not selective pe say. It has good mobile internet connection and a strong wifi reception.All I did was to call my mobile carrier and they guided me through the process of internet/MMS configuration, and the speed is very good. It's just as good as any Android smartphone.The only disadvantage is the Lithium Battery; it drains down vividly and demands one to take along the charger or buy an extra battery.

Excelente equipo y f&aacute;cil de utilizar el unico punto negativo es que la bateria no dura mucho y el telefono es un poco pesado

I love this phone,one down side is the battery life,I bought this phone for four people because I wanted others to share in on a wonderful experience witch comes in the form of the HTC inspire!

The cell phone you will receive is a HTC Desire HD.  There are differences between both phones, mainly the Desire HD does NOT support 4G.  I was disappointed and upset when I found owas out that I deceived.  The correct model number for an Inspire is PD98120.

I do love this phone, but having issues.  It gets stuck and you have to take the battery out to get it to restart. I do not believe that should be happening.

The phone was all I wanted. I don't even noticed a scratch, just like new. The camera is amazing and the Android OS is very good. I like to have tons of applications and this phone surpass my spectations. I'm very happy with this phone.

this was so heavy modded that  its garbage enough said but words and can not describe how crappy the phone is  i have spent hours trying to figure what apps was on the phone but only came up with more questions than answers only techy neardy kids that have a huge amount of time on there hands will find this phone cool but form me that just wants slacker radio and an app store i guess its too much to ask

Seller shipped me a broken, used phone as new.The phone is mediocre, its technical specs show a great profile, however here are some things you will be missing.Its not a 4g compatible phone, at least not with t mobile.The phone was sluggish out of the box, packed so deeply with HTC sense ui that it spoiled the android platform underneath.The camera performed poor compared to the 2 mp iPhone 2g camera, its flash washed things out, and the zoom features were nothing to admire.Least but not least, the item came broken, and used... which left me to ponder why I should buy it again. I chose not to, don't let the tech specs get the best of you, this phone is out dated and poorly built.

The phone is great, unlocked, and everything works properly on it, for for some reason at times it looses signal

the only detail is that the charging cable that is both usb game tips came up where the connections are equally serious people who are responsible

The phone says its unlocked but when I received it. It clearly was not. Will be returning it. I am so disappointed .

great phone. so-so battery life. my suggestion is to get multiple secondary batteries that you can keep fully charged and swap them out if one dies. or, you could get a portable battery charger that can charge up the battery on the go when you cant get to a mains plug or car adapter plug. i like this phone a lot - it's made mostly of metal with some plastic (can dent and scratch so get a nice case)  and has a nice solid weight to it.

I bought this cell phone last year as a gift for one of my friends. I was for a short trip in the United States and when I received the phone I went back home and gave the phone to my friend. After he turned the phone on we noticed these problems:1. The phone mic which was supposed to transfer the voice to call receiver didn't work.2. Every 5 minutes the operating system kept hanging.3. There were huge touch problems which made my friend reset his cell phone every 30 minutes.4. In a nutshell it was a real either fake one or second-hand item.The big problem was that I was not able to get back to States till this June.Since then I hate to buy any HTC cell phones and I don't recommend buying a cell phone online.

Had some problem with the 'speaker' - hence a problem with the basic functionality. People complain of my voice being too feeble. While in speaker, people complain of it being too noisy. The screen response is good and the screen size is big enough to watch movies. Battery life is decent; quite different from the opinion that I find here. It lasts easily for a day despite my heavy game playing habit. Picture quality is also good. Brightness of the screen is an issue in sunlight. But finally after 6 months of struggle with the speaker and the sound quality, the phone is dead. I recommend a Micromax or a Xolo to this.

Quality is amazing as well as price! Best price on amazon and best quality nothing wring with it at all!

U LIED ABOUT THE PHONE BEING UNLOCKED.....i do agree that it is exactly as described except for the phone being unlocked

Unlike the majority of bad reviews, I actually really loved this phone.  The camera is amazing and although it does not have a front camera that people like so much to take selfies, I just aim in the general direction and hit the camera button and selfies come out just fine.  I got my phone from AT&T under contract, however I went online and downloaded a file and a couple apps that unlocked my phone for free.  The downside is definitely the battery life.  I actually purchased a couple batteries and a charger so that when I knew I was going to be unable to charge my phone, I would bring my spare batteries, charged and ready to go.  That tripled my battery time.  I used the phone for several years with no problems until it would no longer charge when I plugged it in.  I took it to a phone repair store and the guy told me that it would be about $80 and he said that more than likely it would stop charging again in the future and didn't recommend it.  Since I had extra batteries and a battery charger, that worked alright.  Just a pain in the butt.  I think for the money, this is a good phone with plenty of good features.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 now which makes every other phone I've had seem like a kid's version.  I can only imagine what the S5 is like.

This phone is really unlocked phone it can't receive picture messages, mass texts and the data doesn't work, just the wireless.I wish I could fix it somehow because it is super inconvenient to have those three things not work on a smart phone....Word of advice.... don't buy an unlocked phone.

I purchased this phone through Amazon and it is definitely not unlocked. original carrier AT&T.in addition this phone advertisers new . given all the fingerprints e tc this phone was not n.ew. the phone could not read my sim card and could n ot read my SD card T Mobile

The telephone arrived very promptly and in excellent condition.  It was a gift to a grandson and he is very pleased with the phone.  It is now the 25th of June, 2014 and the phone works in excellent condition.  I am extremely satisfied with the service in sending me the item and the great condition of the phone

For those on a budget this is a greet phone.Good sound quality.Fair processor,and good camera and  nice connectivity.It is not a fancy phone like the Samsung or some of its high  its clones but a good budget phone.

Muy buen celular, tanto en lo estetico como en lo tecnologico, y su entorno SENSE es muy bien desarrollado y estable

If you are in an area with spotty service this phone doesnt work for some reason.  Phone is too square for me, I prefer taller and skinny easier to hold.  Great camera

Don't buy this item if you are looking for dual sim card.  this phone has only one sim card and a SD card which is not a sim card so make sure it has what the description says.

I really love this phone the only problem that I see is it has a tendency to freeze up on you

I am using this phone since a month and the phone comes with ATT logo as it will give impression that you are using ATT phone for others where as the phone is unlocked one.Secondly I have to remove battery and reset every day once to make it work.  I expected this phone will have good battery however it eats up very quickly.new buyers please take second thought before you plan for this model specifically.I cannot recommend this phone.

This phone labeled as ATT and unlocked phone, but we took it to the att to have the sim card installed,  after serveral places, the, phone never recognized the sim card. The only thing work is the internet as the po ket tablet. I would not recommend anyone to buy this

After just over 30 days, the camera stopped working and the seller refused to replace the item, I understand the 30 day warranty but this is critical and I think it's bad business.

It was a neat phone when it was working.  Evidently doesn't work like it is supposed to with a T-Mobile Prepaid account so had no choice but to send it back for a refund.

purchased this phone to use on straight talk service, device new out the box, charged the phone fully inserted sim card, device works perfectly, couldnt ask for a better phone, camera quality great, apps down loaded, love it

I was really surprised to see that this phone has a lot of cool features! The 8mp camera is amazing BUT I wasn't aware I would need an SD card just to take a picture so I have to go and buy one now because I used to save pictures to my phone. That's alright though. Didn't take too long to set up, it's already synced up to my emails and social networking accounts. The friend stream feature is very cool because it shows facebook and twitter (and whatever else you have) all in one feed. The weather feature is neat because it has this cool hd movement to go with whatever the weather is like (the little things always impress me). The android market changes to google play if you add your google+ account but it is still basically the android market with a different look. One thing I was disappointed in was the app &#34;Vine&#34; is not compatible with this phone and I really wanted that app but oh well, it still has a lot of the popular android apps. The screen is big and is pretty much HD (I don't know if HD was in the specs) it's got a great sleek look to it. The battery and sim card hatches are a little tricky but eventually you get the hang of it.

till it got dropped had to replace the screen and after that it started having overheating issues, had to be put in the freezer periodically to cool it down.

the phone works well however the battery last very little i keep turning off the apps and remove them and same issue battery does not last ((

Did not get inspire 4g, also, I received an off brand charger and a used box. It is a decent phone though.

This Phone took a long time to come after ordering. I was tracking it online and it should have been delivered atleast 3 days before it actually came to my mail box. I did escalate it to the USPS department as well.The phone was actually not working at all. The voice quality was pathetic and WIFI would disconnect too often.The phone is bulky as well and doesn;t come with inbulit SD card. So you need to insert a card before you could take any pictures with its high Megapixel camera.I would not recommend this Product to anyone.

Htc phone love it.

This phone is trouble. Screen goes dark or blue at times, doesn't respond to restart apart from when you remove the battery and that can be a hassle to get it back to work. Get a bad phone from Tablet Distributors fulfilled by Amazon!

From the day I got this phone its been horrible!!! Particularly the battery life. Even when not in use the phone dies in a matter of 3 or 4 hours!!! I read some of the reviews before buying this phone and I knew battery life wasn't great but i never expected it to be this bad!!! I can't leave the house without my charger and if I'm going to a place where I cant charge my phone I'm in major trouble.  As if that isn't bad enough, the call quality is terrible!!! Even with the volume at max it is difficult to hear the person on the other line. I can't believe I gave up my old blackberry for this ... my biggest regret in phone purchases!!! Even my old blackberry curve has better call quality and battery life.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone... especially if they are avid phone users ... it isn't worth it at all!!!

I always thought that iPhone is top of the game - I mean, Apple products usually are, right?Well, I was looking for a gift for my wife's birthday and I really didn't like price of unlocked iPhone. I'm not US citizen so I can't get it through contract, so my only option was to buy it for full price and lets be honest - it's greatly exaggerated. So, I opted to instead switch to Android phone. Woooooooooow! Hello thar! :)It took me awhile to choose which phone to buy and in the end, Inspire won with it's easily affordable price. Seriously, you can buy 2 of these for a price of 1 iPhone! And that is actually what I did - I bought one, used it for a week and went back to Amazon to order another one for my wife as the 1st one is staying with me.Lets be honest, though - phone is not perfect. Yeah, battery could be stronger (get yourself 1600 mAh or stronger one for roughly $10), software could be slightly more polished but in all honesty, this is a 5 star phone.PROs:* HUGE screen! And with high resolution, wow!* Easy to customize (software and hardware [i.e. stronger battery]). Take that, iPhone!* PRICE! Did I mention that you can buy 2 of these for the price of 1 iPhone? Seriously? Steve, you've been awesome guy, may you rest in peace, but your products have been greatly overpriced.* 8 MP camera! (not the best quality but surprisingly good)CONs:* Software could be slightly better. It does have some weird stuff going on, but nothing to tarnish this phone's great rep.* BIG! Seriously, forget about carrying it in your pocket. This is mini tablet, I kid you not. I still love it. :)For me, this is easy decision - this phone trumps anything else in the market when it comes to price/specs ratio. Yeah I know, everybody wants iPhone 4s, Samsung Galaxy S2 etc, but seriously, they can't really offer you much more considering huge price gap between them and this phone.I know I bought 2 for reason. Trust me, this phone rocks.

the phone work perfectly, I am surprise with this. just has one downside, battery length is no enough to a complete day. But I recommend totally, 10 over 10... I am very happy with my HTC

My expectation about the phone was bad. When I turned it on first it came on then in a few minutes a red signal came on after that I couldn't get it off the power button did not respond.

Because it is unlocked I bough it to use it in Mexico (Telcel) and I found that it was complicated to configurate it and finally it was not fully compatible with this carrier. I recomend Nokia N8 it is much better you only need to put the simm and turn it on. I paid the shipping back two week ago and still waiting the refund.

I had a hard time getting the battery cover on so I went to a nearby phone store for help. I was told that the phone came with an INCORRECT battery.

I order this cell phone because i already have more than US$300.00 of accesories, including a windshield holder, bluetooth hands free, docking station, etc.The shipment took about a month to arrive to Laredo by regular mail, i was so excited i finally will get my previous phone replacement, put the battery on it, plug it to charge it all night long...and nothing, only three vibrations once in a while.The cellphone just never turned on, tried replacing the battery, tried everything on it, it just look nice and new. but it just does not work.what a shame, more than US$200.00 down the drain, i would never ever get a cellphone this way, it is much better to go directly to the dealer un try it and buy it.

The phone is supposed to be unlocked. However there are features particularly the "Tethering" ie the Portable Wi-FI Hot Spot which is still bared from being used. The mobile phone is configured to AT& T service.I am here in Australia and when I tried to activate the portable Wi Fi, there is an error message "To enable tethering on this service go to att.com/wireless or dial 611".There is no way I can access AT& T becuse I have no service contract with AT &T.; So far I am helpless.Ross Cellular, the seller has sent a Video clip which is very hard to follow( Too fast and steps cannot be properly followd). They promised to send some written instructions. So far this has not happened.So I have not got the full value out of the product.RegardsLawrence de SilvaHTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and GPS--(Black)

Beatiful, I Love it!Thank you so much!

GPS became useless after the AT&T; update to 2.3 there is no further updating for this phone.There are hacked updates that lose functionality of things like the video recording and what not,but what's the point in that. Charge goes fast. You have to do tricks shutting networks on and off and clearing the cache constantly to get things to work. The micro-usb jack is jacked so that all my cords end up flopping out and have to be held in just right in order for it to charge. Programs are slow, multitasking sucks, and eventually the screen will start to sense slight twisting and things like that. I like aspects of android, but as far as durability and usefulness this phone does not make the cut.

The phone is amazing, very fast and have a big screen, i think, for the price, is a nice phone

thought was great at first but two weeks later phone started giving me problems kept rebooting on its own would allow me to make calls phone was giving me lots of problems

The phone that came in was new in non-carrier packaging, although when started up its obviously a at&t branded phone. Because of this the tethering and a couple other apps are locked down unless you have a at&t account to unlock the features with. I'm sure there is a way around this but have not found it yet. It was already unlocked out of the box. I was easily able to upgrade it to 2.3(gingerbread)from 2.2 using the HTC sync software. The ui take some getting used to if your used to a vanilla android ui and can be frustrating at times. I removed most of the widgets from the home screen except for the clock and turned off background sync off on most of the apps. After doing this the battery seems to do pretty good. The call sound is pretty good and the speaker phone works well. It had good audio quality when playing or streaming music. The phone is pretty snappy even when running apps that are in the background. Unlike other reviewers I haven't had trouble removing the doors for access to the sim card or the battery. These doors are used for the wifi and cell service antennas so they need to be on when in use. It has good picture quality for a phone it is sensitive to movement when taking the pictures. It has a dual flash which also works great for the built in flashlight app. It has a fm radio tuner built in but it uses the ear buds as a antenna so you can't listen to the radio with bluetooth headphones. There are quite a few features that are part of the sense ui, there is also some issues for those that are not used to it. The features are too many too list but can be found on the HTC website. The 3G works on the at&t network just fine. One of the drawbacks with this phone is that the battery slides into a slot so you cannot use those extended batteries that come with a different backpiece like you can with other phones. It also makes the battery slightly a pain to get out as you have to slap the phone against your hand to get the battery to slide out. Despite the shortcomings I have been very happy with this phone.

Phone is very good and has many useful actions for the day to day activities. The operating system is extremely fast and has a camera with a high resolution

I didn't expect the phone to be this small, was looking forward for it to be a little bigger but its okay, works well

I just received this phone couple days ago and it is already having an annoying problem (not looking forward to find out more problems yet), the headset icon on top of the screen is blinking all the time now, as if headphone is plugged in but it's not. I can't play any music or videos unless I plug in my headphone. I've tried many ways to fix it, from restart it, to call somebody and unplug headphone while talking and put it on speaker (which fixed the problem at first but that trick doesn't work now), I even tried to do factory reset way but none of these tricks work. Since this is a gift from a friend so I can't find a way to contact the seller. I hope it helps future buyers to think twice before getting this phone. If anyone has the same problem like mine and able to fix it, I'd be really appreciated if you can share how to fix it. Thanks!

Bought it and it just would not work. When the phone card was placed in it, it just would not work. Had to send it back.

I read all the negative reviews about this phone: when I received it, I put my sim card in, but could not open the battery compartment. I eventually took it to ATT because the phone came unlock as an ATT phone, and got the battery compartment  open. After charging, I was able to make call and send & receive messages but could not get on the network for internet services.  I called my carrier and the rep was able to do it manually. I must say i do not regret buying this phone, the battery life goes for about a day and a half because of my constant playing of games.

This is not unlocked phone.. this phone doesn't work with T mobile.. though it is mentioned in the description.. I will not reccomend

No complaints about the phone or the service. But I did not pay enough attention to notice that this phone only runs with AT&T.; Make sure that you have that and you'll be very happy.The customer service was exceptional. Refunding me imidiately.

No complaints, phone works great!!! Battery holds up as good as you could expect from a smart phone. HTC hasn`t disappointed me yet.

is anybody know of this phone work outside of America, like in Europe? i want to order one but i'm not sure if it will work good there. please if somebody use it in Europe to write if he is satisfied :) thanks

I had a HTC Desire HD in Europe last summer, I understand how this model phone is supposed to function. The Inspire 4G (American version of the Desire) that I purchased on here worked great for about a month. Then the mini USB charging/connection port wouldn't work. My computer wouldn't recognize it. Then the port became loose. I took it to a repair shop, and they told me the port was soldered on after market (but before I purchased it), damaging it in the process.  Now I am manually switching batteries using a battery charger every night and morning - and shopping for a new phone.

I recently bought the HTC Inspire 4g Unlocked.  I am in LOVE.  Here are the Pros and Cons.I bought mine from CELLULAR SOLUTIONS.  I would completely recommend this seller.  Great customer service, fast shipping (only two days), tracking number and comes with free cute little android robot key chain.Pros:1. Beautiful screen - 4.3" is a perfect size, clear and sharp2. Camera - 8MP is amazing and very high quality3. Processor - only had one freeze once and it was completely my fault (the app turned out to be fake/defective/possible virus)4. Great Call Quality5. Aluminium body - Compared to my friend's phones my Inspire feels top quality!  The metal feels nice in the hand and the battery cover and SD card slot are rubberized so that it does not slip.  I still got a case so that the precious thing does not slip out of my hand!6. Everything!7. It updates to Android 2.3, may eventually update to 4.0, unknown so farCons:1. Battery Life - with nothing installed on this phone, and my heavy use, the battery will drain about 20% or more in one hour, and others who have it say the same thing.  I then got the Ultimate Juice Defender app, and so far, sooooo good!  I have been able to have my phone get less then 1% gone in an hour of standby!  I also save a TON of data usage, another plus (save me some money!)2. [me being picky] Camera could get scratched - camera sticks out a bit from the back of the phone.  This could cause it to get scratched easily, but with a case on the problem is easily solved.Overview: So really, the only con is battery life. Besides that, AMAZING.

It is a fast andriod phone with beautiful htc sences. More importantly, it can play flash video from websites. It is a great phone for me.

i really like this phone except its batery life. it lasts 2-3 days most for me. apart from that it is really worth that money. thak you

I recommemded this product 100%.Very nice celphoneGood product.RecommendedI'm happy whith my product.I recibed the product that i shopped.

I currently have this phone, and it sucks! it is not worth the price displayed, and i do not recommend this phone at all! it glitches, the software is not good, and is very poor.

So far, the product appears to be great and I am still learning the process (first smart phone). Unfortunately, the seller did not include the microSD 8gb card with the phone and I was only given the option to return it. I believe that Amazon should provide me a 32gb microSD card for the phone as a courtesy to the missing item.There is no information regarding updates to the operating system being used so I am not sure we will be able to update to the latest Android operating system. I would appreciate such information.Warning to buyers, this phone does use the regular size sim card and there is no need to cut the regular ones. I indicate it because my service provider is not using micro sim cards and told me the phone uses the micro so I bought a cutter and ruined one sim card when it was not necessary to cut it.

Phone was defective when I received it. It also doesn't come with an 8GB microSD even though it says it should in the phone guide. I would NOT recommend buying this phone. Although after exchanging it, it works great so buy at your own risk.

This is a nice device. The only thing I am missing is a front camera for video calls. Works well.

The phone is good to use. No issues at all till now. Camera is working fine and wireless as well. It is unlocked as mentioned and can use any service provider SIM. Only issue is it is bit heavy.

My first love HTC phone! the os is lovely too, but the item is not new  as advertised. It has scratches on the screen and on the camera. The camera is also very blurry, unlike the one I had before.

I am really hoping it is unlocked! I tried a SIM card with it, but nothing happened...I am using it outside the US starting Friday so we will see. Other than that this phone is well worth the money and the delivery process was painless!

I purchase this phone for my husband for father's day gift, he love it, it have every thing that he need on thisphone. the only thing is when some one in is contact call him the number display but not the name.

the phone didn't worked with my sim card, the i saved it to give it as gift in christmas, but when used it in december the phone didn't worked anymore. Is it possible to apply the warranty in my country??

i have this HTC INSPIRE since june and now the phone reject every sim card; i check with 5 sim card but it still appear NO SIM CARD  ; i need a help......

I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking to get one.  It came on time as expected and was packaged with protection.

the battery does not work  the phone will not turn  should review the product before sending. what a disappointment. bye

I like the phone it come in time and working condition I would buy again from this sealer and will recommended to everybody because it come 3 days before is promise date and it is better then is described. the only flaw that should be mention in description is that phone is wiped out of all info and if you need to use 4G you have to contact your carrier to impute some information that is all.

Phone came in good time an great condition. A little more than I expected. I installed a 32g memory card in it. So I am now waiting to see how the phone will perform when it is loaded

This is a cool samrt phone and the price is just as great. One problem I had was the adapter's connection to the base of the unit was a bit faulty. The battery was unable to charge with the original charger priovided and I was forced to use a generic model. If your looking a good priced phone at a low cost--this is a nice one... Just look out for the battery problem, the price to ship back to the supplier and wait for the refund was just not worth the hassle...

I purchased this phone for the purpose of being able to use it as a wifi hot-spot. Before I made the purchase, I read all the specifications to ensure it had this specific feature. Even though the phone was advertised as an unlocked phone, the wifi hotspot feature has been locked by AT&T. This would not be a huge problem if I was a U.S. resident. However, I live in the Bahamas and, needles to say, the phone does not serve the purpose for which I bought it. My phone provider cannot un-do the block that AT&T has on in. I think the seller should have specified this rather than giving the customer the impression that the wifi hot-spot feature on this phone is available. Even if you live in the United States, if you want to use this feature, you will still have to go through AT&T. I feel like I was conned into buying this phone. The information is very deceiving and I am frustrated to say the least.

Before buying this mobile phone, I was reading lots of reviews and watching lots of video comparisons among several smartphones, and many of them lead me towards the HTC Inspire 4G. I was a little worried though, thinking that it might not work here in Peru. But everything's been perfect since I received it. I simply love this smartphone. Although it's bigger than the average, it's stylish, really beautiful, and the huge screen is awesome. Apart from that, its graphical user interface, HTC Sense, is the best have seen in many smartphones, including Motorolas, Iphones and Blackberrys.Apart from all this, as the sound quality is extremely important to me, this topic deserves a special mention. Although the quality of its speaker is not really impressive, the quality of the sound is the best of the best when listening with earphones and turning on the Dolby Mobile option. It's simply fantastic. Ah, did you know that only 4 smartphones include the Dolby technology, and one of them is the HTC Inspire?About the internet, the navigation speed is also remarkable. It's much faster than the Blackberry Torch, and as it comes with Flash, you won't notice any difference with looking at web pages in a laptop / desktop PC.If you are hesitating between this phone and the Blackberry Torch, let me tell you my own experience: just the day I got my HTC Inspire, my sister received a brand new Blackberry Torch, and I have been comparing them both ever since. The only thing that is better in the Torch is the quality of the screen (it seems that the pixel density is higher in the Torch), but in the rest the HTC Inspire beat it up.Thus I highly recommend this phone, definitely you will never regret.

I've had this phone for about a month now and i'm enjoying it's features so far... Still have a  bit more exploring to do, however, satisfied with it's operations...Downside - definitely the battery life!!! Poor, poor, poor! I was expecting that the manufacturers would rectify this floor in the phone by perhaps creating another battery and placing it on the market to make up for this great disappoint... I've owned an HTC phone before and was quite satisfied with the battery life, until now!!! Come on now AT & T, people aren't picking up money from the ground, so this is why I was expecting value for money...Good phone, terrible battery life!!!! That certainly sucks and thus warrants four stars instead of five!!!Please, lift your game...However, Thanks again Amazon!!!

first the connect for the charger is not working and the key for the volume doesn't work too I think they sold me a second hand product but it is in bad conditions

This is not the latest or greatest phone, but it works well. Where it is lacking is in Internet connection speed. But if you are not planning on doing heavy WEB surfing, it works just fine. If you need a supper fast Internet connection, then spend about double for a phone that supports LTE.

I just got the phone beacuse i'm not in the US and for my surprise the electrical charger does not work so the phone does not turn on at all, I give it a try using the usb directly to my computer and thank God started to charge and so far after 5 minutes being charge for the first time hasn't change from 0%. I hope the phone its not damaged beacuse the phone cost me $250 and I'm not willing to lose my money. Bad experience for me.....

Not too much to say, I bought it more than 2 years ago and still working. It was a great choice.

I really wanted to like this phone.  My first smart phone was a Droid Incredible, so I thought this would be a good choice.  But I will likely look for another phone because of an issue with bad reception.My house is in an area where cell signals are not very strong.  I found that I could get a signal of about 3 bars on the Inspire if I put the phone near a window.  The problem is, when I pick up the phone, the signal drops to either one bar or it shows no service.  After some experimentation, I found that I could hold the phone near the top of the case and the signal would be usable.  The minute I cupped my hand around the back of the phone, as you would when talking on the phone, the signal would drop significantly.  The user's guide describes the GSM antenna as being in the bottom cover that covers the sim slot.  If you can learn to hold this phone only near the top of the case, it will work.  Personally, I'm not satisfied with a phone that is that picky about where I hold it.For the more adventurous who consider rooting their phone and trying to upgrade the Android OS, this is not a phone to choose.  The process to get the phone rooted is so complex that I gave up considering it.  If you can't be satisfied with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), you'll want to skip this phone.
