
We are on our third replacement,  Wifi stopped working on one, user data lost on another and if they get hot on a long car trip will just stop working, plus Dell do not sell these anymore in the US

I have tried the androids and sent them back or sold them on ebay, I was a die hard blackberry user.  You still have to give the blackberry it's props for being a workhorse of a phone both for business and personal use.  BUT THIS PHONE... I had been with TMobile for years and I have to say, I think that they have the best phones  out there.  Due to coverage issues I switched to AT&T and my hunt for my newest most dependable friend began.  Here is what I look for in a phone: Keyboard, (not a fan of touch screen typing), WiFi, Bluetooth, ease of use, multiple email capability, apps (that don't make you allow use of your camera and pictures and permissions to send them back to the company), something sleek, nice looking, solidly built, smooth fast operating system, good camera... I scored on this phone!  It is beautiful, sleek, shiny, operation is smooth and flawless, no lag, this phone is good sized, has some weight to it, has keyboard, has easy to set up wifi, bluetooth, plenty of apps, ability to set up as many email accounts as you want and specifies which you are checking, facebook, twitter, all the goodies... The bad... That camera.  But hey, DELL is a computer company.  Shame that they stopped making this phone because they knocked it out of the park when they made this.  Before I bought, every review I read  was at least 4 stars.  That is so hard to find.  I will tell you this, when I first started the phone, I had to install the ZUNE software on my PC to install the updates on the phone.  It took about 20 minutes to complete just waiting for it to load.  After installing the ZUNE software, it pretty much did the rest itself.  Having an MSN or hotmail or live account does help as this is a windows phone.  So now I have this fully updated, running the latest software, lovely phone, does everything I need or want it to, quickly and flawlessly including handling any office documents.  BUT, I dont use the camera for taking pictures because.. ugh.. BUT the document scanner that uses the camera is great.. go figure!

The best of the best.I use this phone a month, I am very pleased.I love his every detail, from a design standpoint.The most important thing for me is the Low Electromagnetic Radiation,the quality of screen images and software, I finally bought the phone.This phone is much cheaper than the Nokia Lumia 800.I recommend to everyone.The pros and cons.+Display SuperAmoled glass-coated.+Windows Mobile 7.5 (update).+The luxurious design.+Battery 1400 mAh.+QWERTY keyboard.+Low Electromagnetic Radiation.+Excellent sound quality.+Excellent communication.+High-quality assembly.-The battery is discharged within 48 hours maximum.If you play games and listening music to a maximum of 4-8 hours.-Photo quality is satisfactory.But it is still the best phone for your money today.I'm not a drop did not regret that had purchased this phone.I thank dell.

Everything works, except for the apps! In the marketplace once I select the &#34;Apps&#34; category the screen is black except for the words &#34;Applications&#34; written above. I can't download any applications. I can't play videos from youtube either. Other than that, the other elements of the phone (i.e email, messaging, etc.) work fine. The main thing is, I ordered this item from Amazon as &#34;new&#34; and I received it as used. The box was taped shut, having been previously open. I had to reset the phone in order to restore the settings, which had already been set, like the time zone. The phone itself is sleek and gorgeous, with a lovely design. But I did not purchase it from a reliable seller. Consider another seller or phone for purchase.

I received this product on 24 December. I'm waiting for months the release of Windows Phone Mango and it was worth the wait. Excellent operating system, requires improvements in some customization options such as failing to put a song as a ringtone (in particular, is not a reason to select a device). The ability to run multiple applications, has limitations. The integration with Facebook, Google, Twitter, Windows Live, are amazing, so they can meet the needs of those who need to be in constant contact. I hope that Microsoft  comes with new features, the use of this operating system is a new experience.Now talking about the device, has been the best choice both in price and quality. Those who have seen and used the device have been astonished lovers especially the Blackberriers.Others have made excellent reviews on this product, so I'll just say that they are completely certainSome cons: The battery life is really short about 2 days with the wifi activated. Be carefull because this device come en two version with 8GB y 16 GB.I highly recommend this product.

I really love the phone.  It works well but occasionally locks up just like a computer.  This happened a lot when I was inputting contact numbers.  Now that I am just using it, it rarely happens

This phone is mondo fast and very sleek. I would have liked a better camera but 5 mega pixels will do the TRICK

Having owned this for just over a week, I must say that it has met and exceeded my expectations. playing with the device (can't really call it a phone since that was almost a secondary feature for me) has impressed me with how fast and smooth everyting is. Intuitive, would be the best word for the phone. maybe I am a little more tech savy than the average person ( I always try beta OS's, have android tablets, ipods...etc) and I have got to say that windows phone OS is easily the better option. this phone is being used on Rogers.It shipped with mango 7.5. I also subscribed to Zune pass, very good software, easily better than their competitors, yes there may be a hole in the zune lineup here and there, nobody has it all.startup from off is reasonable, around 20 seconds.Hardwaresolid build construction, if a little heavy. the tradeoff value is up the the individual. thicker than some, about the same as a blackberry torch.camera, good with enough light. like all led flashes, you'd better be close.keyboard/screen - I am faster on the slide out, though my accuracy is going getting better with the touch screen. at first I found it too sensitive, but I am getting better. brightness and color saturation is impressive, have not used it in direct sunlight yet.Headphones - sound is better than any supplied headphones that I have seen. nice to just plug them in, tap the button on the cord to resume my music. the button also answers calls, built in mic.battery -  no complaints so far. I have been playing with it alot, leave bluetooth and wireless on all the time. i would estimate 4 hours use...not all non-stop tho. never had to charge it more than once/day.cons so far - no app for my bank yet. no shoutcast app.have not found a quick way to turn off 'vibrate', does not go off with volume offI did have to recalibrate the proximity sensor, the screen would not return after removing the phone from my ear. I contacted the vendor (unlockedcellphonekings) just before I found the solution online, their response was all one would hope for, shipping was very good also.

Had this for about 3 weeks now. I love the Windows Phone 7 OS. I hope Mango makes it even better. The price directly from Dell is much better. This thing is heavy but I like that. It feels solid and I think it makes me less likely to drop it. The slide out keyboard is a must if you do any amount of typing. It does 4G with TMobile. I clocked 7Mb/sec and wow do web pages come up fast when I am getting 4G. I have been carrying it around in my pocket for 3 weeks and it still looks brand new. Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase. (UPDATE) I seem to be getting well over 10 Mb/sec speeds now when the phone shows "H" instead of 3G. Showing 3G I get around 3.5 Mb/sec. T-Mobile must have updated their network. Still not a mark on it after 4 months in my pants pocket. Mango is smooth as silk. My android toting friends with their herky jerky OS and slow Verizon or ATT are so jelous.

This is a quality Windows Phone that should be seriously considered. The build is sturdy, design is sleek, and keyboard efficient and smooth. The camera works well, and the gorilla glass screen is optimal. A brilliant Windows Phone, perfect for those who want a physical keyboard AND a large, gorgeous AMOLED screen.

I admit that I am a first time smart phone user, but I am a long time techie.  When I finally decided to buy one, I did my homework and researched.  I wanted an inexpensive phone that looked good and had all the features that make having such a device worthwhile.  I looked long and hard at three phones, Samsung Focus, HTC HD7 and the Dell Venue Pro.  I weighed Android against the iOS and found Windows 7.5 also called "Mango".  I chose the Dell Venu Pro.  I am so far delighted with both  the phone and the Windows OS.  After I took it out of the box, I immediately updated it with the Zune software to the lastest Windows 7.5 update and the latest Dell Firmware.  Now I think it is natural with a new piece of equipment to have some frustrations and confusion.  There were some complaints of problems with the Wifi connectivity.  Though I initially did have a connection problem with my network, it had nothing to do with the Venue Pro.  This phone and the Windows OS have performed flawlessly since.  There are some minor design issues such as the size and placement of the power button and the camera has problems that can probably be resolved by software updates, but overall I am extremely pleased.  Windows functions are elegant and smooth and to be honest, I think the uncluttered organized approach puts both the iPhone and Android to shame.  Window's equivalent to the much hyped "Siri" which requires the pricey iPhone 4GS is everybit as functional and in some ways more so, for almost half the price.  Believe me, I have had my struggles with MicroSoft, but they have certainly done something right this time and so has Dell.

Hello smartphone lovers  Please  DON'T BUY IT  i Bought one a few month ago and it worked well for only four (4) month then it started not keeping the photos when i took them  and it just BRICKED on the logo  , i try to contact dell sevices,but they are really bad with that the just wont help , and i try everything that's in the net and no succes  so  don't buy it or  you will loos your money

very good, easy to call easy to  navigate and to use the apps. a little bit heavy but you get used with

When I first opened the box, I was unsure whether I would like the phone, as this is my first Windows phone thus, interface is new to me. The phone includes a nice pair of ear buds. Once, I set the phone with apps, In found Nirvana-like bliss.PANDORA:  There is an third party Pandora App! ~ Free for download in the app store. You don't need to pay for your streaming music on the offered Zune player.The screen in beautiful and the OS is intuitive once you learn how a Windows phone work. I took me less than an two-hours to get the hang of it.Also Dell is giving away $25 (Jan 2012) in app cash with proof of purchase.I did experience a blip in receptivity last night. I hope it was isolated. I was downloading apps when I lost coverage and that never happens here.I give it 5+ stars ~ as I do think its a masterpiece.Willow,Blissful Bits for a Better Life

The Dell Venue Pro was Dell's attempt at the smartphone game.  Originally released back in 2010, the Dell Venue Pro runs on a Microsoft Windows 7 operating system.  It comes with a five megapixel camera, GPS, and an FM tuner.  It was also one of the few Windows phones (to this day) to have a touchscreen as well as a slide out keyboard.What comes in the box:- (1) Dell Venue Pro- (1) Lithium Ion Battery- (1) Dell Venue Phone Charger- (1) Set of instructional materialsWhat I noticed:For the money, it's a brilliant little phone.  The processor can handle running multiple applications and it actually handles the web better then my Samsung Galaxy S3.  The phone also seems to be pretty sturdy, I mean sure it's bulky but it's built strong.  It can withstand being dropped; the screen itself is made from Gorilla Glass so it's not as fragile as say an I-Phone.  The Windows interface takes some getting used to but it's navigation isn't to bad.  You can pin the important stuff on the home screen and access it on the fly.  But the operating system is where this review takes a turn.  This phone runs on Windows 7 not Windows 8.  That means that the applications that are offered on the Windows marketplace aren't all inclusive.  There isn't anything that wasn't created post 2011.  No Pandora, no Google Chrome, etc.  The camera isn't very good either.  Most of the photos appear to have this &#34;toy&#34; like quality you'd see hipsters drooling over.  Not very good when you need to properly and quickly document something.All in all you get what you pay for and it's a good deal for someone whose never used a smartphone before.  Of course if you've had a more advanced smartphone prior to owning this... then it's a good thing it's got Gorilla Glass, it'll protect it when you throw it across the room in frustration.Side NoteThere is TWO versions of this phone.  One runs on Windows 7 and the other on the Android 2.2 operating system.  The Android version is weaker but you can access more content (no slide out keyboard thought).  The Otterbox that is available on Amazon is subsequently ONLY for the Android Version of this phone.  Not the Windows 7 version.

Nice solid, well built phone...fast and responsive...clear, bright screen...keyboard is small yet useful if needed but display is big enough to use touch keyboard...tons of features and actually thousands of apps and marketplace is growing...great sound and Zune software much better and less problematic than itunes...I'm still an android fan but Windows phone is a lot more practical for me because it makes a great work phone

Is is the first phone I ever bought with Windows. I would to mention a few things about the hardware and OS.First, I received the phone with Windows 7.00 pre-loaded. To update to 7.5 (or 7.8?) was seamless with the Zune software already installed on my laptap. It took about 20 minutes to complete all automated steps through Zune. Basically, one can leave it up to the update process and return minutes later to see that it was finished. I love Windows Phone. Before, I had always opted for an Android phone but Windows is the way to go for me. True, there are less apps for Windows over Android or Apple but I never have a use for than a few apps. I'm a professional and I appreciate the clean interface, Windows Office and the smooth and responsive touch gestures. When Windows Phone 8 is released in November, I'm sure it will continue to evolve into must-have OS. A quick Google search points out that 215 new apps are added to the phone OS ecosytem everyday. When it comes to my use of the phone on a daily basis, I am pressed to list 4 or 5 apps that I use everday. I'm talking about apps that I downloaded, not the apps the came with the phone pre-loaded (calendar, MS office, etc.). I want my smartphone to operate without fuss, and Windows Phone does just that. Android and Apple is history for me.Let's get on to the hardware. Dell announced in 2011 that the technology was already superceded and they discontinued production. I am sorry that that they did so because they hit this phone out of the park. I never, never buy into the latest and the greatest technology and when I need to replace a phone. I search for phones are one or two generations behind that meets my requirements because the price is right for an unlocked phone(about $200). Sure, there are niggly things that I would do differently, like using brushed aluminum instead of chrome on the sides, and using flat black on the rear cover. Besides appearance, these touches don't attract fingerprint smugdes. I am also not concerned about the the placement of the power/sleep button. I use it with no problems, and its placement prevents one from accidentally shutting it down. And the physical keyboard! It's one of my favorite features. Using it single-handedly, I can type with my thumb and balance the weight of the phone nicely. The battery life takes through my day nicely, but all smartphones are struggling to extend battery life. If need be, I can purchase an extra battery to take up any daily slack in my battery life. I haven't used the camera, so I have nothing to report, but I'll use it sporadically over time to post to Facebook. The Snapdragon 1 gig processor is good enough for me. The T-Mobile sim worked beautifully and 3G is more than enough for me. Wifi is equivalent to 4G, more or less, and there are enough of those opportunities around where I live.For me, this is what I have been waiting (or found!) for. I recommend using an seller that is Fullfilled by Amazon. If you need to return an item for a refund, you return to Amazon, not the seller. Have you ever been jerked around by a seller? By dealing with Amazon, you won't experience this.

Windows 7.5 has a pretty robust selection of apps, as long as you don't need 5 choices for every social media platform out there.This phone's screen is very responsive. For people used to high density displays (250ppi or higher), the display may look a bit fuzzy to you. But if you're not that discerning, functionally this will do just fine. In terms of games, there are some good games from big name developers. For example, Square Enix released updated Final Fantasy 1 and 3, as well as Chaos Rings. Fruit Ninja, Cut the Rope, Plants vs Zombies are all available too.In testing the phone itself, as other users have stated, this phone's sliding has a very satisfying &#34;thunk.&#34; It's also built very sleek. The camera takes decent picture, although there's no front camera for selfies or Skype.The biggest and most pleasant surprise I found, however, is that while the phone came factory-sealed, with all protective films attached, the phone's internal storage was upgraded to 32gb from the advertised 8gb. I'm not sure if this is just an aberration or if Dell manufactured a batch with 32gb. But it is definitely welcomed.

Windows 7 does not have many application and was disappointed with the app market.The phone has a excellent screen.Horrible Camera.No Pause feature while dialing numbers - if you join meeting or use a calling card, then you would not be able to save the contact with the toll free number + Meeting number or TollFree Number + Passcode + Contact NumberBattery life is good as compared to android phone which die is just half a day.

I have been looking for a long time for an easy to use smartphone with a 'button' keyboard option. This is phone fantastic! Call quality is good. Even though it's an older 3G device, Windows apps are fast and smooth. The phone, as others have noted, is a little bigger and heavier than current Nokia Windows phones or 5 series i Phones. That said, it just feels like a much better quality device for a very small fraction of the price of the current retail Nokia, Galaxy or iPhone. The curved glass screen makes for a beautiful jewel-like display. My husband and son liked it so much they asked me to order one each for them. I even ordered a backup for myself in case mine suffers a misadventure. If you don't feel the need to have others know you spent a fortune on an iPhone or similar current device, you will like this phone. I ordered from Tailwind and all phones were shipped quickly in new condition as described.

I have done without a cell phone for 6 years and now that I needed one I agonized for a few months about where to commit my dollars. Living in Canada means that you don't get as much choice device and carrier wise when it comes to smartphones, but a raid across the border is risky. Well I did it and I am over the moon so far with the experience of the DVP combined with WP7. I'll focus on the phone in this review.ProsThis phone is a beauty. Screen has a nice glow and Gorilla glass means that you don't have to get a protective cover if you don't want to. The one I had made the screen dull and detracted from the supermodel looks. The back has a nice texture and the chrome look sides and rubber ends are a classy touch. The vertical slide out keyboard is great although some with larger fingers might find the buttons a touch small. I like that the period, comma and .com buttons are right there and love that to access the secondary characters you just press and hold. Because of the size of the phone the extended keyboard does not compromise the balance when holding it. External volume buttons are flush to the sides but nicely sized and positioned as to make using them easy. I Like that there is an external camera button too which makes preparing for a photo a one touch process.Cons - 5 things that if they were upgraded on the next version would make this phone perfect1. Yes I admit it, the phone is a bit of a brick when compared to others on the market; nearly twice as thick and noticably heavier than my 1st gen iPod touch which is no lightweight. You do get used to the size and weight though and it actually feels solid in your hand especially as you do most things with one hand.2. Battery life I have found is not great; does not even last a full day. Having said that, I have not been using the Battery Saver mode which might help me out.3. A couple of reviewers have commented that the power button on the top is a little difficult to get to. I have to agree. The two ends of the phone have a nice angled styling but the button is flush so that locating and pressing it is a little awkward.4. 8gb is too small for me; a few hundred songs and some podcasts pushed me to the limit. The only way I could make this work was to void the warranty by replacing the 8gb micro SD card with a 32gb version. (YouTube I want to have your baby!)5. I don't like that the charging connection is a micro-USB slot. Yet another cable that I need to worry about. Possibly not a con for everybody.Overall I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it. It is sexy and a perfect partner for WP7.

Arrived in perfect condition and really quickly.. However, the phone will not detect wifi. My Android does it in 3 seconds. This Venue Pro cellphone searches for20 minutes without finding any of my routers. An internet search shows that this is a common issue with this phone. So now I have to go and spend money to get the issue fixed. In addition, whatsapp will not download onto this Windows 7 phone. All of that being said, it IS A BEAUTIFUL phone in terms of appearance,  build quality and other functions.

I have had this phone for over a year now and have had few problems with it. The Netflix app works well, my son can't get enough of the Angry Birds app, and basic functions like browsing the web and email are dependable and intuitive. I have only had to remove the battery to reset the phone once or twice in a year, as opposed to every week or two with my old Blackberry.Some would see this phone as obsolete now since it cannot run the new Windows Phone 8 OS, but if you are looking for a solid phone that is reliable this one fits the bill.I give it 4 out of 5 stars because the camera leaves much to be desired. Unless you stand completely still in bright sunlight, most pictures are blurry.

The secret is, this phone(although mentioned unlocked) is locked to T-mobile.  What this means, you get edge over 3g.  If you are to use ATT, half the functions will not work properly (maps, search, and a few others).  In addition, this phone also says that it has a micro SD slot.  Be aware that the slot is inside battery compartment, and is tied to the operating system.  Removing and replacing is not recommended.  Althought there are clips on Youtube to tell you how to replace it without damaging the system. Those 2 issues aside The operating system is great.  Thanks to Mango.  I have an android tablet, and actually enjoy the WP7.5 better.  Realize that this phone has great potential, but you are going to make additional investments; like an unlock code for the unlocked phone.

I purchased this phone about a year and half ago because it was the only windows phone on the market with a slide out keyboard. After a year and a half I am satisfied no major complaints after the firmware updates.  I am looking to purchase another phone because I rolled over my venue pro with a creeper when I was working on my car and cracked the screen.  Even with the cracked screen the phone still operates without problems It just don't look good any more.

This phone looked great, I was disappointed that I had to return it.  It absolutely will not work on Verizon's network.  Verizon uses CDMA technology rather than SIM cards.  This is locked to T-Mobile so you would have to get an unlock code to use it with another carrier, that will only work if your current carrier uses SIM cards.

I don`t like me. very fast, but thats not was product . I recommend other cell, not silimar. Totally diferent.

This is the worse phone I have ever had. It is very slow. It freezes often and the keys doesn't work.

I hoped this was the one. Zune will not  recognize, drivers do not install right in Vista. Called Dell, India, told me to send it back. Sound quality, volume bad. Horrible bars. Real question if USB will import Outlook contacts from a pc. Looks like corporate Exchange server needed. Try to to sell you Office 365. Older Windows mobile 6.x had  Outlook mobile. This does not. Good luck with this one. By the way, it came with all firmware updated already and 7.5 Mango installed.

THIS PHONE IS THE BEST WP7 FOR THE MONEY... THE ONLY THING WITH THIS PHONE IS THAT IT VIBRATES VERY SOFT, BUT APART FROM THAT I WOULDN'T TRADE IT FOR THE WORLD.....

The Dell Venue is an awsome phone once you learn how to use...then over time it continues to surprise you with some very cool features.  I am a Windows person so it made sense to purchase this phone but I was afraid of the touch screen so I figured this phone has the best of both worlds now I hardly ever slide it open to use keypad as the touchscreen on the Dell is fantastic!

It will only do Edge/2G data. It cannot do 3G on TMobile.I wish it  work though. I am amazed how much I love this phone. I own an Android now and owned an iPhone, and Windows is a better UI. Worse apps and browser, but way smoother, beautiful, and easy to use UI compared to BB, Android, and iPhone. I wish I could keep it, but without 3G on it, it's useless as a smart phone to me. This phone with 4G, better apps, and more RAM would be the phone to beat. It's a beautiful phone, and the fit and finish reminds me of how much better Blackberrys felt in your hand than the competition about 5 years ago Hopefully the New Nokia 900 fixes my issues.

I bought this because I though it was unlock but it wasn't. I spend $60 to unlock it but if you are looking to bye same phone unlock don't order this one.

-I am both delighted and disappointed with Dell Venue Pro. Windows Phone is the operating system of my choice primarily due to its productivity. Venue Pro is very much businesslike, precisely the type of mobile phone I want. However, the terrible power management makes it virtually unbearable to me.Let me give my Ratings below first (on a scale of 10, with numbers in the parenthesis for iPhone 4 as a reference):Thermal performance:  2 (8)Battery life:  2 (7)Build quality: 9 (9.5)Screen quality: 9.5 (9.5) *Processor:  meaningless comparison (but see "speed and efficiency")OS reliability:  9.9 (9.5)OS fluency:  9.5 (9.0)OS feature depth:  6 (9)OS flexibility/customization:  5 (8)OS app ecosystem:  5 (9.5)Productivity:  9 (5)Form factor and appearance:  completely subjectiveEntertainment: 9 (9)Speed and efficiency: 9 (7)* yes the retina screen of iPhone 4 has higher resolution, but the screen of Venue Pro looks slightly better under sunlight. In practice it's a wash.As you can see above, Venue Pro even manages to beat iPhone 4 in the few very important areas, but at the end of the day, it's just such a miserable device.  The Venue Pro is otherwise a very capable phone, but the power management which includes thermal performance and battery life is so terrible, it really deserves a failing grade.  A pity, because this phone with Windows 7.5 would have been a quite attractive device.THE POWER MANAGEMENT DESERVING OF FLUNKING GRADEFirst, it runs very warm in your hands. Quite uncomfortable after just a few minutes of running a few apps, some email-checking or web browsing. This is not only uncomfortable, but could actually be even a health concern. I know what heat and radiation of a mobile device can do to human body. My hands got a slowly burnt condition as a result of  longtime use of Windows tablet computers. With Venue Pro, the thermal problem is so seriously bad that the issue alone makes it an extremely undesirable phone.Second, the battery life is miserable, not really surprising given the bad heat problem. This phone will not last a day, unless you don't use it at all.  It can support only about 2 hours of continuous use, many times whorse than my laptop. It has just a bit over 24 hours of standby time even if you don't use it at all (again, many times worse than my laptop).  Any modestly use (for example, very modest amount of browsing and e-mailing plus a few short calls) will exhaust the battery of this phone before the end of the day. I am not a heavy mobile user, and still I usually end up having to charge it at least once a day. When I'm out on a trip, twice or more a day, making it among the biggest mental burdens while you're traveling. Simply not worth it. This is absolutely the worst battery performance among the many phones I have used or and handled.  To me,  this is simply unacceptable. It may be too much to ask for a phone that last for a week, especially with the smart phones becoming almost full-featured computers. But failing to last even a single day is too much of a shortcoming.MIXED BAG WITH THE WP 7.5 OSI love and hate Windows phone OS. The user interface is very intuitive. Glitch free and just so smooth (which is every bit as good as iOS, but much better than Android).  The best of all, however, is that Windows Phone OS is the most productive smart phone OS among the major platforms. If you are a content consumer, all three mobile platforms are shoulder to shoulder. But if you are a content creator, Windows Phone is far ahead. The iPhone and Android cannot match the power of Microsoft's Office 365 which integrates with Microsoft Phone perfectly.  If you or your company subscribe to Office 365 and use the cloud versions of the Outlook, TeamSite and SharePoint, the Microsoft phone can do almost anything you can do using a laptop, although with certain limitations on the small user interface. Even if you don't use Office 365, getting the free Windows Live and Skydive (which is very much underrated) would already be an excellent productive user experience.Another potentially killer app on WP is the just released Skype (still beta, but very usable). If you use Skype Pro or Skype Out, you can actually make phone calls anywhere in the world as long as you have Wi-Fi connection. No cellular connection is required. I was on an international trip the other day, and it came extremely handy. I was able to make calls back to home and work at the airports even though I did not have a SIM card for the local service. Even after I got a temporary local Sim card, I continued to use Skype on my Windows phone to make calls using the 3G data service on the card, because it costs only two cents a minute, less than 1/20 of the cost for international calls made on that type of SIM card.  This is potentially a huge differentiator for Windows phones. I hope Microsoft can make the point clear for users.  Because they own Skype, they could make it exclusive. If doing that helps to make Windows Phone a success, I am all for it, because I'd hate to see Windows Phone fail. I need something different from iPhone or Android for my lifestyle.But the WP7.5 OS is not fully cooked yet even with the latest Mango update. The depth of customization is just not there.Just to name a few:(1) You can't turn off that stupid screen auto-rotation. You simply can't so far. No user settings has that. No app that does that. Even unlocked phone can't do that. Forgive me to call auto-rotation feature stupid. But it is one of those tech-things that made no sense on a mobile phone, precisely because a mobile phone is just so, mobile. The problem is that these device designers fail to understand that the proper (or desired) orientation of the screen simply cannot be determined by an orientation sensor. It is not a mechanical problem. It is a human problem. Even if they were so sure that they could decide what the user desires based on a sensor reading, they still fail to understand that it is the relative positions of both the phone and the user's body posture that are more relevant, not the position of the phone itself. A mobile phone can be in many different positions in relation to the user's body position, and a single sensor is not capable to determine such relative positions. The current sensor can only detect the phone's orientation itself, not its relative position to the user's body posture.  In practice, the autorotation causes much more annoyance than any utility. It is OK if they just want to use it as a gimmick to attract shallow feature counters, but it is not OK to have it permanently implemented and cannot be turned off. It's simply stupid.Actually, the reason why I make this auto-rotation issue such a big deal is just to make a point, NOT because the thing itself is so life-threatening. I can live with the annoyance. But the failure or overlook of such issues is very telling of the level of ergonomics the maker of this phone understands or is willing to make an effort to.(2) You can't edit the individual fields of in a contact profile. And the given choices such as "mobile", "home", "home 2" are simply too rigid to satisfy even quite ordinary needs.(3) Copy and paste is still an issue. Although works quite well within the same application, it does not work very reliably  across applications. It works across some applications but not others.Those are just several among many small details. Microsoft has done the hard part of building a very promising mobile OS, why is it so difficult for them to do these very basic and simple things right? It is obviously not an engineering issue.  It is a product management issue. It is a company culture issue. Microsoft's level of paying attention to details can't match that of iOS; while its level of geekness can't match of that of Android. So at the end it loses on both sides. Perhaps WP really is meant for low-level entry users. But with Dell Venue Pro, we are talking about a business mobile phone here.MIXED BAG WITH THE HARDWAREThe hardware of Dell Venue Pro is a mixed bag as well. In addition to the power management issue which is downright terrible, this phone is a little bit too bulky, particularly too thick. The thickness is partly a result of including a hard button keyboard, which I thought would be almost a necessity for someone like me, but turned out to be almost superfluous, ironically because the soft keyboard is extremely good and even has some significant advantages over the hard keyboard due to its programed flexibility and extensions. (I personally think the soft keyboard of Venue Pro is even better than that of iPhone 4, which itself is excellent.)There are other details which Dell failed to pay attention to. For example, the hard keyboard keys are illuminated, which is good. But the illumination does not turn on at the desired time. It does sometimes, but usually off when you actually needed. Have no idea what they were thinking. Clearly, neither Microsoft nor Dell is Apple when it comes to paying attention to user experience details.Otherwise, the hardware is fine. The screen is beautiful. The iPhone 4's retina screen may sound better in the specification, but in practice you really don't see any difference. Both are extremely good, and the Dell screen is actually better under the sunlight. The build quality is very high. Although it uses a chipset and processor from three years ago, the phone is not slow in any measure. There simply isn't a problem in this aspect of all. I haven't compared it with iPhone 4S, but the Venue Pro is actually faster than iPhone 4, even though the latter uses a more powerful processor. This is a testament to the efficiency of Microsoft Phone OS.In summary, I don't recommend this phone. If one is interested in mobile productivity, Microsoft phone is the platform to go, but this is not it. One should wait until Microsoft phone 8.0 (Apollo) is put on a top of line Nokia Lumia.

thx

After much researching from a new phone, I looked into the DVP. First off let me say that it is sleek, durable, however not an extremely reliable phone. If the battery dies and you try to charge it, you'll be confused. First off take out the battery and put the charger in, then put the battery back in and turn it on normally so it'll actually charge, Now for the phone, The texting is similar to an IM system which is nice. The touch screen response is amazing and it is gorilla glass, I tried to grind my key against it just to see if anything would happen, not a scratch or anything! The biggest crapshoot however is the sound quality of the calls. I saw other reviews and initally didn't think it would be that bad. Calls are very difficult to hear and the other person on the other line will hardly hear you as well, its disappointing otherwise it would be a 4/5.

First let me knockdown any complaints I've read about.I haven't lost signal once with this phone. I can't speak about the claim that other companies 3G won't work, because I use T-Mobile. The battery life isn't outstanding, but it will last you the whole day even with heavy texting. And my phone has yet to get warm or (hot) even the slightest bit.On to the review.The Dell Venus Pro is a beast and if you never used a windows phone (like me) prepare to be amazed.  The UI is clean, simple, and intuitive. If you can use an Android this should be a cakewalk.  Call quality has been great and so has reception. (I have T-Mobile, so idk about other companies). Texting is a ton of fun because you have 3 keyboards to choose from. (2 on screen and 1 qwerty). The qwerty keyboard is great and the phone isn't as huge as people make it out to be. Unless you have the tiny hands from the Burger King commercial you should be fine. The camera is a solid 5mp, with the only problem being the awful auto white balance. (You can manually change it so it's not a big deal). And the flash isn't going to win any awards either. The screen is crisp and very responsive, not a single problem with it. Bluetooth along with internet (T-Mobile3G and Wi-Fi) are both great and very fast.The concerns over size and weight are greatly exaggerated. I'm not saying the phone is a feather but it's not a heavy weight either. You'll know when it's in your pocket or on your lab. (Personally I like my electronics to have a little weight to them) I switched from a Motorola Charm to this phone so size is a big difference, but it's not as tall as most new Samsung's. It is thick but all phones with a slide out keyboard are thick. (I'll try and post some pics so you can have an idea of size)In my eyes the few cons aren't a deal breaker when compared to how nice the phone looks and how smooth in operates. (I have never had this many people trying to check out my phone. It got more attention than my friends HUGE Galaxy Note)

I purchased this phone in November of 2011, it was not truly unlocked.  I had to call the seller to get the unlock code.  I put up negative feedback, the seller called and fixed the issue.  I removed the negative feedback, things went well from there.  Phone is beautiful and the Windows OS is nice for a person like me.  I don't like that I cant edit or manipulate files in My Files.  Now for the whopper.I woke up this morning and took the phone off the charger and it is dead. D-E-A-D.  I never dropped, its never been near water.  She was kissed and tucked in every night.  I am floored.  I am mad.  I am on a chat with Dell, they say the warranty expired...you see they still have the sellers date of purchase.  Not mine even though I sent all the information to update the warranty.  Either way I have been screwed.  I am angry and screwed thanks BLUTEKUSA! Don't buy from these people ya'll don't do it.

This phone is excellent. I purchased this phone in early February of this year and immediately fell in love. Firstly, Windows Phone 7 software is amazing. It works just like the iphone in terms of amazing simplicity, but the presentation is much better. The facebook/contact integration is great and looks great. Zune is on par with itunes, but looks better. Everything looks better on this phone compared to Droid and Iphone, you just have to try it. Live tiles rock and will even get better with the Mango update coming in September.Call quality is great. This phone has very good speakers, games are fun to play on the screen as it has the 2nd biggest screen on a Windows Phone, but is not too big.The battery life last about 1 day, but a litte less with heavy usage, so have a charger at work and one at home.The phone is a little heavy, but somehow it helps you from dropping it. It's true, I have not dropped this phone once. Probably because I obsesses about scratches.The amoled high resolution screen gives great color output. The corning gorilla glass still has no scratches on it after 8 months. Any other phone I have ever owned, the glass was totally jacked by now.Before the firmware update, my phone froze alot, especially connecting to wifi or surfing the marketplace for apps. The phone crashed maybe 8 times a day. EVEN with the crashing, this phone is so remarkable I found myself suffering through it and enjoying the phone when it worked.Since the firmware update the phone works great! No freezing, not even once. This bar none is the definitive windows phone 7 experience, because of the slide out keyboard. The only other two phones which are also good are the HTC HD7 and the Samsung Focus. The focus has had all sorts of problems gettin updates, but it has  has the biggest screen, but the contrast is not as crisp as the Dell Venue PRO.You will enjoy this phone, it looks good and works great. It is an elite windows phone and I highly recommend it.

Excellent phone, but only after upgrading from version 7.0 (which comes installed) to the new 7.5 (using Zune Desktop Software). It is 100% recommended to update as this expands the number applying to the phone software and also corrects a number of bugs and adds several features that were needed.The phone only works on the 3G network on 900MHz, 1700MHz and 2100Mhz bands. The phone is fully unlocked, just insert my SIM card and start using it without problems. Only comes with the display language English.Among the most striking features are the large screen of 4.1" + sliding keyboard which helps you get the entire screen area as a whole but if you prefer we can use an onscreen keyboard as well. The software simplifies communication via social networks unified Windows Live, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, GoogleTalk and SMS in the same category "Messaging" but if you prefer you can download the store apps like Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp (only in version 7.5) separately. Easy use of copy / paste, open in new window, search, etc.. The phone is multitasking, simply by leaving the bottom left key vasopressin back (&lt;--) can navigate between different open applications. Supports streaming (like YouTube). Do not support JAVA. Do not support adobe flash.In conclusion it is the best phone I've had in years after spending 5 long years (since 2007) using the platform of RIM (BlackBerry OS). Indeed I was wrong, I would bet that phones running Android or Windows Phone are much better than RIM.

Have problem when turn on

This phone was cool at first. Now it disconnects itself from the internet and half the keyboard has stopped working. You can't customize your homescreen and the only picture you can set as a background is on the unlock screen. It's cool that you can change the background from black to white and the color of the tiles and be able to move them, but that's it. You can look up what files you've downloaded you can only see them if they're on the phone. This thing says it will delete one picture and really deletes the one before it, it's NOT EVEN SELECTED. to reconnect it to WI fi you have to battery pull it because no matter how many times you shut it off hoping it'll reset itself, it only highlights the WI fi option, it never takes you to it. The screen only flashes for a second when you're is call and pull away to press a button prompt or hang up. You have to put it on speaker if you want the screen lit at all times. This phone said it was windows 7.5, its really 7.2. Can't even upgrade the internet explorer to 7. Says it doesn't support it, even when downloaded right off the windows website. Limited to few message tones. Display is nice when it works. Has no music EQ. I'm going to get an android.

Had been looking at getting a WP7 phone for a while but couldnt get round to choosing one. Finally took the plunge and ordered this after taking a critical look at reviews over the last couple of months.(Pros)- Display is responsive and renders crisp images - AMOLED and gorilla glass a plus- Processor is quick and UI is intuitive- Large screen- Well laid out keyboard- Decent build quality(Cons)- Battery will struggle to last a whole day with moderate to heavy usageDefinitely one of the best phones I ve used in the last 20 years and believe me I ve used several dozen. Simply put.... this is a very good phone but given the price & specs, then its an excellent buy.

This phone looks great and the screen resolution is very sharp and crisp...This phone has lot of drawbacks....this phone will get turned off for 5 mins when u plugin to power outlet i dont know y is this happening ...call quality is very poor...camera is not good is is very slow while taking pictures..windows marketplace sucks.....

200 bucks for a great Unlocked phone is a good deal, no matter who you are. Yes its Windows 7, but i updated it to 7.5 and it runs really well. Only drawback is how it drinks battery life. Besides that though, it's the best Dell product I've ever owned. I would never buy another one of their computers (had 3 and quality and support skydived after the early 2000s). Great job with the phone tho.

the phone itself was amazing.  the keypad was a nice touch even the touch screen worked great.  the phone itself is bulky and oversized to other smart phones out there which can deter some people.the Camera was good but it took me a while to get the right settings.  When i did though, nice pics! the apps are just like those on any WIN 7 phones.  Still use as an handheld XBOX game console.

I have recently bought this mobile and took that outside of USA. Before moving out, I have confirmed with the seller that this is an unlocked phone.Once I moved out of USA, I have tried connecting this mobile in Dubai, it is not recognizing the SIM card. (It is not a T-Mobile SIM card).After going thru' multiple discussions only, I came to know that this mobile is unlocked for T-Mobile service only. Whoever planning to buy this, please be aware of it.Please help me, If anyone has the procedure to unlock this mobile for other carriers.

Great product. Solid construction, very fast and windows phone is great. I have been using android since the begin and wp7 is suprisily beautty and efective.--important--Remove all plastic protections... in a certain time I was thinking that earphone was dead. Was just a nasty hiden plastic protection. After removed works great.Clear song!

I was just taken back with this phone, the look and feel just sets this phone apart from the norm.The o.s. windows phone 7.5 works great, I love this phone and hope Dell continue to develop it....You won't be disappointed with this buy and may even want another one, I would like to see a 32 gigversion in the next generation Venue Pro/Venue....(Great Phone)!!!!!

One of the better phones you can buy for the price. Camera is a hassle to setup for different conditions but everything else works like a clock.

When in my hands, the product feels around the weight of an iPhone3Gs (in my opinion). It is not heavy to me, and I had feared that it would not fit in my jeans pockets, but it does just fine. I first got it because of its unique design, the vertical sliding qwerty keyboard. Just looking at it makes you feel high class. The screen is 4.1, a big screen, but you do you feel like it is massive. The buttons are very responsive and there are several apps, emails, facebook, etc, that you can play around with. The calendar is also great, constantly reminding you on the homescreen about upcoming events. The physical keyboard is not bad, but its hard to type really fast, as on PCs. But it is pretty good and decent, as in on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being PC fast, I would give it a 7/8. The touch screen keyboard totally gives an iphone experience, which is really good. The Wi-Fi is really strong too. I am waiting to upgrade to the New Windows 7.5 Mango. I am eager to do this! Overall, great phone!

The phone worked fine for first week but then the screen started flickering while using the number pad and after two weeks one day the touchscreen froze and stoPped working. I returned the cell and got my refund back

its so cool phone and very fast i like itevery thing its okey no problemevery think its gd

The Dell Venue Pro is emotionally difficult to review.  This phone looked like a game changer--the prophesized device to rally the masses to the Windows Phone platform.  Unfortunately, there have been previous issues with the phone that have caused it to just miss the mark.  However, a recent Dell firmware update has restored my faith in the device.  This review is based on using the phone for 7 months, and using it with the new firmware update for 1 month.HARDWAREFrom a purely visual standpoint, I'd say the DVP is....flat out cool.  The 4.1" display is covered with slightly curved gorilla glass that both looks and feels great.  The sides of the phone have a chrome metallic look (it's still plastic) and the back has a texture rich plastic cover with a repeating cut diamond pattern. The top and bottom are beveled with a rubberized coating.  Plenty of thought went into the accents, color, and shape of this phone.  I have to commend Dell here; they sure know how to design the exterior of a mobile device.  Given its professional looks and general rarity among the common public, every time I pull my DVP out in a crowd I always get surprised and wondrous comments and questions.  There is also a micro-USB jack on the bottom, a 3.5" headphone jack up top, a decent volume rocker on the right side, a dedicated camera button on the bottom right, power button up top and speaker and mic cut outs on the rubberized bottom.  Keeping the speaker and mic off the back of the phone helps when using the speakerphone options, but the power button is a little more difficult to hit than I'd like.  I've gotten used to it over time, but it still could be more accessible.The outside of the phone might win beauty pageants, but the internals were a big question mark.  All WP7 devices to date have a mandatory 1GHz processor, so it is not a surprise to find that here.  But the amount of RAM in the device was a mystery until recently.  Dell originally listed the Venue Pro has having 512MB of RAM on its website, but it removed that spec.  Third party apps reported the device as only having 256MB of RAM.  Posts in forums suggest that the 3rd party apps might not be able to recognize all of the RAM.  But with the new firmware update there is a correct reporting of 512MB of RAM.  This is a huge relief since Microsoft will be releasing a software update soon that incorporates more RAM-intensive multitasking capabilities.The keyboard on the device is high quality, especially if you prefer the portrait format.  Each button has a satisfying click and travel distance, although I still slightly prefer the feel of jelly-like buttons on Palm portrait keyboards. The slider mechanism feels solid and has a good snap to it.  Since the home screens and many of the native apps within WP7 are either exclusively portrait, or favored towards a portrait format, the DVP's keyboard can be considered more useful than the LG Quantum or HTC Arrive.  The complication is the heft of the phone.  This thing feels like a brick in your hand, usually in a good way, but when the keyboard is open it does require larger sized hands to be able to comfortably hold the device, type on the keyboard and reach up to the tap the screen.  An open DVP in small hands is a disastrous fumble waiting to happen.SCREENThe screen is AMOLED technology sporting the standard WP7 resolution of 800 x 480.  Only the Samsung Focus's Super AMOLED screen is better among WP7 devices.  The DVP has deep blacks and fast response during gameplay and video playback.  Images are sharp and crisp.  The only real downside is that it washes out in direct sunlight easily.PHONE/RADIOSThe call quality on the phone is a notch above average.  I haven't experienced any significant call drops.  The earpiece provides good voice quality and people have said that the DVP's mic is clear.  The volume is sufficient for 95% of environments, but there have been select times outside where I wish I could bump the volume up an additional 10-15%.While I haven't had many problems using WiFi, I do know that it has been widely reported that some devices freeze up when using WiFi and browsing the Marketplace.  It seems like this is more likely to occur in the 16GB models and could have been the result of a faulty micro SD card (the DVP has a micro SD card that is buried under the SIM slot not meant to be tampered with).  However, the firmware update seems to have fixed this problem.  I haven't had a single Marketplace WiFi crash with it yet.The Bluetooth EDR 2.1 pairs and works with my Plantronics headsets, and my car.  However, I have come across a curious circumstance that if I connect to my car, turn off my car and leave the DVP's Bluetooth on and come back to my car the next day, it would only automatically pair with my car half the time.  The other half of the time I had to go into the DVP settings and turn the Bluetooth off and back on.  With the firmware update, that is a problem of the past.  Bluetooth pairing with my car now works like it should.CAMERAThe firmware update has improved the camera, but it was, and remains the most disappointing aspect of the phone.  I have low expectations for cameras on phones, but the camera on the DVP now barely meets my minimal requirements.  In sunlight it is possible to shoot quality 5MP images and 720p video.  But as soon as the lighting drops to average indoor lighting, the camera's quality seems to drop exponentially.  The flash provides little help, only provides benefit with 3 feet, and can cause color wash out.  The firmware update shifted the camera performance from abysmal to very average. So if high camera quality is one of your top 2 or 3 requirements for a phone, then I'd probably go with the Focus or Quantum if you want to stick with a WP7 device.PERFORMANCEEven before the update my Venue Pro performed most WP7 tasks smoothly.  From a speed and responsiveness standpoint, first party apps are generally flawless and a pleasure to scroll through.  Third party apps can sometimes be hit or miss, but this feels like a WP7 problem and not a problem stemming from the hardware.  The only time I worried about the performance from the phone is the occasion Xbox LIVE game.  A game that has a rich, always moving 3D environment, such as Glyder, previously suffered from slowdown hiccups.  The slowdown can partially be remedied by resetting the phone and directly returning back into the Xbox LIVE hub.  The slowdowns seen in some games have been improved upon the addition of the new firmware update.SUMMARYWhile there were negative aspects and question marks pertaining to the DVP, overall, I still really like the device.  The Copy & Paste NoDo update made mobile Office an outstanding piece of software.  It is, well--powerful to be able to use real Power Point on the phone.  I can download a .pptx file from my SkyDrive, practice the presentation with working, accurate animations, make quick edits, and email it off to where it needs to go.  Quick Office or Docs To Go do not work as smoothly with .pptx files as WP7 does.  I'm also an Xbox LIVE addict, so I recognize that earning achievement points on the go carries more weight with me.  And I've been a long-time Zune Pass subscriber and being able to download pretty much any song, at any time, directly to my phone is a huge perk.Combined with the efficient portrait keyboard, curved AMOLED display and gorgeous body the DVP is a great choice for anyone looking for something besides iOS and Android.  The DVP used to come up just short.  The firmware issues and a botched initial release killed the tremendous momentum that the DVP had leading up to the WP7 launch.  But hey, better to fulfill the prophecy late than never, right?When initially released, the DVP could have been docked a star or two, but I hope discussing how the firmware bumped the phone up to 5 stars was helpful to people on the market for a new smartphone.EXTRA UPDATE - MANGO WP7.5I originally wrote this review about a month before the Mango update rolled out.  I've been using this phone for a year total now, and have received the NoDo update, the aforementioned firmware update, and have now had the Mango WP7.5 software update for about 3 months.  With the firmware update and Mango this phone is highly competitive in the current smartphone scene.  I know you can find plenty of Mango reviews out there, but the stability improvements on the DVP are noticeable.  Since updating to Mango I've probably had to reset my phone a total of 5-6 times, and only once did I have to pull the battery out in three months for a hard reset.  My Android-using friends typically have to reset their phones once every two days.You want completely free, turn-by-turn GPS directions with voice prompts and traffic warnings?  It's here on the Mango DVP now.  While you can talk to Siri on an iPhone with casual voice commands, please be aware that you can essentially do all of the same things on a Mango Windows Phone.  Just say, "Open Weather," and my DVP shows me the forecast.  Say, "Open Minesweeper" and the game starts, say "Chinese Food," and you're presented with a list of Chinese restaurants and recipes.  I can also conveniently and easily dictate text messages in the car with Speech-to-Text.  Simply hit the search button at the bottom of the phone, then the eyeball icon and the camera turns on and I can scan bar codes and Qcodes in real time to find the best prices on merchandise.  The camera app has been improved so that it saves custom settings now.  Twitter and Facebook are even more tightly integrated.  I use the DVP as a remote to navigate my Xbox 360's menus on the HDTV.  I can choose to group only 3 out of my 5 email inboxes together into 1 Live Tile, effectively keeping my work email inboxes separate from my grouped personal email inboxes.  The WP app marketplace has over 50,000 apps as of this review update.  Can you follow your favorite obscure band with an app that is available for iPhone?  Maybe not.  But can you check your flight status with a Delta app, or your prescription with a Walgreens app, or showtimes with a Flixster app, or stream a movie with a Netflix app, or do anything else that is associated with a remotely popular/mainstream app on WP?  Absolutely.  All in all, this is a highly competitive and complete phone.  You don't have to limit yourself to a 3.5" screened iPhone or an Android phone that may never receive an OS update if you don't want to.  You really do have a choice now.  iPhones and Android devices might still be the best pick for some people, but you really can consider a WP device as a legit 3rd player before you make a purchase.  And if you want a 4.1" screen WP phone with a beautiful display and a Palm or Blackberry-ish portrait keyboard, the Dell Venue Pro still holds up well today, 1 year after it's release.

I have lived with the DVP 16gb for about 6 months now, shortly after I first purchased it I received the Nodo update and then Mango. I have heard difficult experiences with the DVP before the Nodo/Mango combo, I have not experienced any major problems with the exception of the following:- With Mango, the compass on the DVP does not work. This is well documented and you can Google it too. You may or may not care about this. There are some examples where this might matter. For example, when using gps and moving slowly in one direction, the gps can get confused and u-turn the direction it thinks you're going, and u-turn again, in a sense, spinning, until you pick up speed and the direction is obvious.- The camera is abysmal. It is almost impossible to get a non-blurred shot indoors even if you think there is adequate light.As a point of reference to what I'm comparing the above problems to, my last phone was the ancient Nokia 5800 and a Sony Arc S (aka LT18i). Curiously, the video recording is surprisingly sharp, especially compared to its picture taking. I still give the phone 4 stars based on the following positive points:- outstanding no-data-plan gps lock performance: combined with the Navigon gps app, I was pleasantly surprised that without a data plan, gps lock consistently took only a few seconds. This has turned my DVP into a reliable gps unit with offline maps and addresses.- stability: I've had only 2 crashes in 6 months, and about 10 freezes which required a restart, but that could be due to the apps I was downloading and playing with. Overall, I have the impression its reliable and stable.- decent build quality: the slider mechanism is the point of focus in long-term wear and tear, and it seems to be holding up well. It has developed a slightly looser play, or jiggle, if you apply horizontal pressure, but nothing serious. The screen is still responsive and no dead pixels yet. The phone is encased with Otterbox and I have dropped it a few times on hard surfaces with no problems.- value: I had pretty low expectations for how much I purchased it for. A 4.1 inch screen with a hardware keyboard, no major problems, and a reliable gps unit, so far it has been a great value.Now for the cons (considering it is lower-end phone with a price to match):- abysmal camera. Really. 5MP might as well be 0.5MP with all the blur. The quality is so low that I can't even use it for contact pictures because it's that blurry.- big size and weight. The Sony Arc S feels like half its size and weight, and it's uncomfortable when I put this in my inside jacket pocket. Battery performance feels like average (so it's not a heavy-duty battery weighing the DVP down, it's probably the slider mechanism). The Otterbox case doesn't help either, but its construction is top-notch and fits the DVP tightly.- below-average mono-speaker performance (although it looks like 2 speakers on the bottom of the phone, only one is used as the speaker). You may not care about this if you primarily use earphones or don't use speakerphone often.- too-sensitive search button (bottom right touch button)In regards to Mango, coming from Symbian (S60 5th) and Android (Gingerbread), I'm losing flexibility, both in file access capabilities and app choices. Mango + DVP has proven to be more stable though than Gingerbread + Sony Arc S, as the latter has already had a few random restarts. And it is worlds more stable than Symbian + Nokia 5800. Overally, I'm very happy with its value and that I can use it as a reliable gps unit.

This was a gift to my daughter. She is happy with the phone. Great product at a low price.

This is a tmobile phone sold here, don't think it works on at&t. The phone is large and pretty heavy. This is my wife's phone, in her purse the size and weight don't matter.  It's got a beautiful screen and feels quality made. The camera and video is disappointing. Windows 7.5 is pretty nice and well thought out, it's very different from android and iOS.  Microsoft has created very unique phone OS and should be applauded for not trying to copy iOS (i'm looking at you Google). Please download the Zune software and go through all the updates on the phone so you can get the latest Windows 7.5 OS. Windows Marketplace has almost all the important apps you will need though there sure are lots of 'sexy pictures' apps (raises an eyebrow). While my wife uses this phone, I'm using Android now but I would surely consider a Windows phone next time.

Good quality for super price!

Item is great and I'm totally happy with it. IT has everything I need and WP 7,5 is amazing. All features are really good: camera, screen, voice, WiFi, 3G, sound... It's the best smartphone I've got so far and I wont change it until it's totally broken. I can't say anything bad about this except that Dell won't renew warranty because it's already discontinued...

I've been on Sprint for the last 6 years and suffered through many phones with them, namely the Instinct, Instinct s30, Samsung Moment (Android), HTC EVO 4G (Android), HTC Arrive (WP7), Samsung Nexus S 4G (Android). I finally decided that I had enough of Sprint, and once my contract ended, I decided to go take my money elsewhere.I already owned a Samsung Focus Flash, but I really didn't want to go to at&t;, so I looked to T-Mobile pre-paid. Luckily my Focus Flash was unlocked, so I could use it on T-Mobile but was only getting EDGE speeds on data. So after doing some research, I came across the Dell Venue Pro, here on Amazon. I took a chance, and I bought it. This was the best decision I've ever made, in regards to a smartphone purchase.Now, there are some issues with this phone, namely:1. No Haptic Feedback for Back, Home, Search keys.2. Digital Compass does not work. For whatever reason, Dell shipped it with an eCompass but has disabled it.3. A bit thick, with the portrait qwerty.4. The tech in this phone is 3+ years old.Other than the 4 issues I listed above, this is a VERY solid phone. You can't really expect too much from a phone that was introduced in 2010, that uses hardware from 2008 (yes that is when the QSD8X50 chipset was originally available). In a side-by-side speed comparison, the DVP is a snail compared to my Focus Flash (which uses a much newer/better/faster chipset), but it still runs well for a first generation windows phone.There are plenty of things to like about this phone too, namely:1. BIG (and beautiful) 4.1 inch AMOLED screen w/Gorilla Glass.2. Slick form factor and design...very professional looking (the rubber accents at the top/bottom are a nice touch, as is the chrome along the sides).3. Good loudspeaker and earpiece.4. Nice springy and responsive qwerty (when I actually use it).5. Very nicely designed backplate/battery cover. The diamond accents provide a nice grip on the back of the phone. My HTC Arrive and Samsung Focus Flash slip out of my hands all the time because they are so slick on the backside.6. The 5MP camera is much better than most of the other 1st gen devices, specifically HTC, (don't know about the OG Focus) and the camera has anti-banding settings.7. The 1400mAh battery is on par with other Windows Phone devices. For me, it will last an entire day+ with moderate usage.8. Run Windows Phone 7.5 "Mango" which irons out most of the bugs this device had, when originally released.THE VERDICT:With this device available off contract and unlocked, directly from Amazon, for less than 250 dollars, it's truly a steal of a device. You aren't stuck in a contract, plus you get a pretty sweet device that is built well and looks fantastic. If you are sitting on the fence, I would suggest that you take a gamble and get it. If you aren't convinced, then you can also get the 1st gen Samsung Focus for slightly less than the DVP, also at Amazon, however you will be stuck on EDGE data, since the Focus uses AT&T; 3G frequencies. If you don't want to take a chance with Amazon, you can still get the DVP, directly from Dell and unlocked, for $299 (16GB model).Lastly, I did void my warranty and replace the 8GB MicroSD card with a 32GB class 4 Sandisk MicroSD. Now I have the best smartphone in the world!

battery go full sometime , some time charged all night but never be full, I kept linking, some time battery went too low after all night plug in charged, never charge the battery right

Just as stated.  Very nice

I bought this supposedly new phone from bknycps.  It was sold as a brand new product online.  I kept it until after my 2 year contract was over.  It was when I tried changing to another carrier that we were told the phone was not new.  It cam packaged in a box that said new.  Once I called amazon, they had it on their site that it was refurbished,  This was my daughters phone so you can imagine how angry I was.  We cannot contact the seller since it is over 30 days.  We have to send it back to amazon and might loose some money due to restocking fee which is not right.  My advice do not buy from this company because they are not selling the correct product.  Passing a phone off as new when it is old is wrong.  The box said new on it.  I would not reccommend buying cell phones on amazon since you have no idea what you are buying especially if you are not going to use it on or before  days.

I have to admit, we were skeptical. But the product is just as displayed, great condition and battery last long and seems to be a darn good phone so far.

It constantly fail to respond the first day I have it , knowing nothing to deal with the problem , I got a refund finally.it was not new, though it looks like ,but there are scratches on the screw ,very obviously , it had been fixed or opened for a reason .

I bought this phone a few months ago!! At first I was impressed by its beauty, elegance and uniqueness!! It says "Unlocked" in the sense that it supports any sim card no matter what the operator is..., that's true. You can make phone calls, text, wifi and the world is still happy!! Windows Phone 7.5 Mango experience is sublime and this huge phone makes it extreme..., but when you try configure a data plan the wicked secret arises!!This version of Dell Venue Pro sold by Amazon is internally tied to T-Mobile, so it uses UMTS (3G) unsupported bands in the americas!!! For example, for Colombia, UMTS bands are 850/1900 and this phone uses 900/1700/2100 on UMTS (3G) and 850/900/1800/1900 over EDGE (2G), so when the phone tries to tune UMTS, no connection can be established (850/1900 against 900/1700/2100), then it tries over EDGE (850/1900 against 850/900/1800/1900) then it succeeds!! So the phone connects to the network through EDGE (2G) instead UMTS (3G)!!T-Mobile phones will only work over 3G networks in a few countries of the americas (US, Canada, Venezuela, Chile)!!!Dell Venue Pro..., a wicked gorgeous phone, plenty of frustration for me!!! :'(

Had a good experience about this phone because I had one already about two (2) years ago and I liked it very much.  The feature is so good that you can send e-mail or text using the built in keyboard (touch keyboard) or the slider.  It is also unlocked that you can use it anywhere in the world as long as you are using a SIM CARD from any country that you wanted to go/visit.  I tried hooking up this phone using the Zune software, it automatically detects that there is an update available.  I let the update went thru and left the phone hook up on my laptop using the Zune software from Microsoft for a couple of hours while were doing some run errand and when I came back and checked the update, my phone was updated to Tango OS 7.8.  I bought the phone with Mango OS 7.5

This is not an unlocked phone, the one I received is Locked to T-Mobile and no where in the product description does it mention that there are different phones for T-Mobile and AT&T .  I'm working to see if I can get an unlock code but at present no joy.  If I cant get an Unlock the phone will have to be returned too bad because I really like it in all other respects.

This phone is proven and rugged. Once I invested time in learning the apps it became an extension of my office.

I wasn't sure about this since Dell has not historically been a big cell phone producer but this phone is outstanding. I like it much better than the Android phone we bought a few months ago. The WP7 (7.5) UI is very slick and the integrated Office Apps plus Xbox Live are great features. You can't go wrong with this phone.

I love this phone. I have been wanting to get this phone for a while and I finally got it and I am in love with it.

I recently bought this phone in early 2012. The phone is perfect!. It is really nice. The AMOLED screen and the keyboard. If you are a T-Mobile user, then this is a perfect phone. If you use some other carrier (like AT&T), this is NOT the right phone for you. I use AT&T and the reason I bought this phone was because I thought it was unlocked. When I entered my AT&T SIM card it required an UNLOCK CODE! This is a CONTRACT-FREE PHONE, NOT AN UNLOCKED PHONE. :(

I got this for my wife who is a student and she is loving it. Windows phone are really handy for college students!

Excelent phone, fast, a little heavy, the keypad is good for long texting. the languages option is locked, im from venezuela, its only option is english. I miss the internet spot option, you can't share your connection. The battery lasts 10 hours on full operation, 24 hours if you dont use it too much. For 80 usd its a great phone.

I actually stumbled onto this phone by accident. I had wanted a touch screen phone but hated touch screen keyboards. I wanted one with a physical keyboard. Many months came and went I found nothing that I really wanted. Then one day, I was looking on Dell's website for something (I don't remember what) and I saw they had a phone section. I had no idea they sold phones. I saw this phone, and it features and after reading many reviews, I decided to take a chance and I bought it.This phone is simply amazing; though that's not say it doesn't have its flaws. (Side note about the "unlocked" thing, I'm pretty sure that "unlocked" in this sense (at least with this phone) doesn't mean it unlocked to different carriers but it means that you don't have to add another two years to your (T-Mobile) contract like you do when you purchase any other phone.  When I purchased mine from Dell I had the option of getting a T-mobile phone + 2 years or getting an unlocked one. I got the unlocked one and I was able to take my Sim and just pop in into this phone when I got it. I didn't need to activate it or anything. I could be wrong about this but it's what I think.)Pros:* Windows 7 (Mango) is a very superb operating system.* The screen is very large, and very crisp and bright.* The touch screen is very responsive and slides seamlessly from one app. to the other.* The keyboard, although smaller then the one on my old phone, types wonderfully. I had no problems with it  and didn't even hit the wrong keys by accident. The predictive text isn't as annoying as it is on most phones. (although I have been a victim to auto correct many times lol)* If you sign in with a Windows Live ID, there is a TON of really cool free apps and games to download (not all of them are free but they have a section).* SkyDrive! I LOVE my SkyDrive! I love that I can upload something on my PC and it will show up on my phone without me needing to download it and the vice versa (do need to download the SkyDrive app to do this though). I also have it set that anytime I take a picture, it automatically uploads to my SkyDrive (you can set it to do this to Facebook too) and I love that!* Office mobile is fantastic, I used it a lot on my old phone (for note taking) and this one is definitely a step up. I use it to write down grocery lists, things I need to do, remember, anything really. Again, I love how it syncs with the PC so it's on my SkyDrive should I accidently delete the note or something.* The camera takes pretty decent pictures; you have to stand pretty still and they tend to be a little blurry when taken with the flash.* It seamlessly connected to my email accounts and I have no problem, viewing, replying, or sending any emails at all.* I loved that when I synced with Facebook (through the phone app) that all my pictures are able to be accessed through my phone without me having to go through the Facebook to see them.* Not that big a fan of Zune, however, I've had no problems with it and I can upload movies and watch them on my phone.* Dell support rocks! (while the reps for the most part are incredibly hard to understand and you usually have to scream your information at them several times) they are nice and quick to help. I had this problem where I only had the phone 3 months and the screen started at the very top corner to turn pink. (I hadn't dropped it or anything) Within two days, the screen went from white to pink to dark blue and covered the entire screen. I couldn't see a thing. I called Dell and was on the phone maybe 20 minutes and I had a brand new phone delivered to me the very next morning.Cons:* The battery life really sucks. With minimal use, checking Facebook a few (3 or 4) times and sending/receiving a handful of texts, the battery last about a day. With heavy use, it lasts about 8 hours.* The placement of the button used to take pictures is kind of awkward. You have to hold the phone with two hands because the button is on the right side near the bottom. However you can also take the picture by tapping the screen, which is also a little awkward but easier then the previous option.* The phone is heavy. It's not overly heavy but heavier then every other phone I've had, it definitely weighs the pocket down.* You can't really customize it, you can't choose your own ringtones and you can choose your own wallpaper but it stretches the picture if it's too small or crops it if it's too big.* The MicroSD card isn't removable. If you remove it, voids your warranty and could possibly render the phone useless. I have all my songs, pictures, etc saved on my old SD card, making them unswappable is kind of silly.* I have a problem where my phone only gets service in certain parts of my house. If I leave it on the night stand, I have service but if I move it to the bed (no more than a few inches away) I have no service. Still can't figure that one out.* Just recently, when I slide the phone up to access the keyboard it sometimes shuts the phone off. I don't know why and am still trying to find people who have this same problem.All in all, It's going on a year since I've had this phone and I totally love it and all of it's features. I'm pretty sure that I've been spoiled and I'm going to be hard pressed to find another phone as much as I love this one when it dies (because they all die eventually).  If you have any questions, feel free to ask me!

This is an amazing DELL smart phone, well designed, good looking phone, and had enough internal memory, and works fast using windows 7 OS. the graphics are stunning as well, I just can't believe that this thing sells for less tan $80.

I would give the dell venue pro a 4.5/5 if I could.For the most part the Dell Venue Pro never ceases to amaze, the screen is brilliant, the design is brilliant and windows phone 7.5 is stunning.I had never really used a Windows Phone 7 device until this phone, and I just have to say. It's leaps and bounds past 6.5 and even better than android... Everything is so smooth. A surprising treat is how good the on screen keyboard is, I rarely ever use the slide-out keyboard except for long emails.As far as specs go, the phone runs great, can play videos and music with ease. The phone only has a 1Ghz processor and 512mb of ram but you hardly notice it, apparently WP7.5 is a slim os :D. Another super good thing on this phone is the loud speaker, I have never heard a speaker on a phone that could get this loud, and although its got no bass it doesn't get distorted. I will say however, the camera is pretty bad, definitely nothing to write home about or that I would use to replace a point and shoot camera...Although the phone is really good, it does have some downsides (minor stuff), I've noticed(like everyone else has been saying) that the power button is awkwardly placed, it's hard to hit it without moving your hand. Another issue with the buttons is the camera button(it's really hard to press while keeping your stand steady, making pictures blurry), you can just tap the screen to avoid this issue however. Other than the camera and button placement issues I'd say the phone is great. And surprisingly, it can make it through a whole day with standard use on a charge, despite it's small battery, with WIFI and bluetooth on.As a whole the phone is a win, but there are a few cons and if you can live with them I'd definitely say its worth the no contract low price. If you're looking from a change from Android for a while, definitely give the DVP a try!EDIT: After being generally disappointed with the camera (as you've read in the review) I decided to mess around with some of the settings and if you adjust the exposure compensation to -.7 the camera (although a little dimmer than normal) takes pictures quick enough to where they aren't blurry.On a separate note, make sure you are getting the right phone for your network. Although these are unlocked phones there are two different models, one that doesn't have an 850mhz UMTS band for T-Mobile and one that does have the 850mhz UMTS band for AT&T.; Be sure to check this before you buy because the T-Mobile phone wont get full 3G network coverage on AT&T; and the AT&T; model won't get full 3G coverage on T-Mobile. I've found the majority of offerings on the web are for T-Mobile and since I have at&t;, I had to do some digging. I'd just send the seller a message here on amazon and see what phone they are selling.Cheers!

good for my needs and much more to find i think ia m the first to have it in Egypt

I had this phone since November 2010. I must say I am very impressed with the hardware as well as the software. I am currently running Mango (Version 7.1 of Windows phone 7) and it is perfect!. The screen on this phone is one of the very best I have ever seen, The AMOLED makes the contrast so crisp. I LOVE the sliding keyboard, not only it saves screen space, but it also has a great feel. The slightly curved Gorilla glass over the screen is not oly stylish but also virtually indestructible, and after 9 month of use, my phone still looks brand new. The phone is very stable and extremely rarely froze on me.Windows phone 7 is a great OS, I love the tiles on the front screen that serve not only as your phone speed dial but also as a universal communication hub. I love how it consolidates all your contacts from different sources into one. The Camera was not great to start but was greatly inproved with the latest firmware update.The User interface is very fast, sleek, clean and simple, the Bing search is very fast and the new visual search and local scout are amazingly accurate and relevant.

So my phone arrived yesterday, it got here in two days which I was very happy with. However the postal box it came in was completely without damage but the box the phone was in looked like someone had been playing football/soccer with it. So I was actually surprised when the phone turned on and functioned. The only issues I have are that there is one part of the screen that, when the rest of the screen is white, it turns pink. It doesn't affect the functionality of the phone but having paid $180 for an item it would be nice for it to work perfectly. Also the call quality hasn't been great in the sense that I can barely hear the person on the other end of the line but having only had the phone for a day that could be circumstantial and the other persons phone could just have easily been to blame.I read in some reviews before purchasing that they received a phone that was still locked to tmobile this was not the case for me, I am with at &t; and it worked instantly when I put the SIM card in.

I bought this mobile and the delivery and everything was okay but you write that it unlocked and when i use Zune software it told me to insert the pin because its lockedImagine that i can't download any app or media from the date of itHope you send me the pin but your product is great

I changed my phone from the HTC HD2 (WinMo 6.9) to the DVP. I tried the different hacks for the HD2 and ran Android and WinMo 7 on it. I love the Windows 7 Mobile OS. The Live Tiles are great and all the text and icons are large so it is very easy to see for older folks like me.The phone is a very nice design with the chrome sides. A bit slippery if your hands are oily or wet. Screen is beautiful.The camera is so-so. Not the greatest for photos. Use a real digital camera for pictures.The Amazon Website should note that this is a 8 Gig model and not the 16 Gig one. I was hoping for the 16 Gig but it didn't really matter. I swapped out the 8 Gig Micro SD for a 32 Gig. You can Google it on how to swap out the memory card. Remember, if you do this it WILL VOID your warranty. I figure that your phone works right out of the box or it doesn't. So far it has been working great.Overall it is a great 3G phone. Too bad it is not 4G though.

Yes, this phone will work with Straight Talk's AT&T; network.  It takes the larger AT&T; SIM card, but if you have the smaller one St issued a couple years back, you can buy a card adapter for about $1 and it works just fine.  At around $70, this is one of the best phones you can get to use with ST.  A few things to consider first, though:1) As of 2013, Google stopped support for Gmail sync on the old windows phone software.  If you have Gmail, you will have to update your phone software before you sync the Gmail account, but this is fairly easy to do.  Microsoft has simple steps on their support site, the easiest way to get there is to Google &#34;windows phone gmail sync error&#34; and it will pop right up on the results.2) While I had this issue, going on, I also had trouble getting my Windows Live ID to work.  So basically, you will have to update the phone anyway.3) As with all other unlocked phones, you'll have to set up your APN (access point name) to get the internet running.  This is also easy to do, as ST provides APN settings.  I had no problems with ST's default APN settings..Those issues aside, you can pop in your SIM and chat away right off the bat.Now for the hardware. At a mere 1ghz processor, it doesn't sound like much these days, but since the Windows OS doesn't have to juggle as much as Android, it works pretty slick.  The real key here is data speed, and since Straight Talk runs on a 3G network, it can handle those network speeds with ease.  4G it ain't, so don't go in expecting it to be, but for the budget-conscious surfer, it works just fine.  The lower screen resolution might be an issue for some, but again, for the price, it isn't bad at all.  Add a gorilla-glass screen and a high quality case build, and you have a phone that, for the price point, is hard to beat.

This is the T-Mobile version of the Dell Venue Pro, meaning it will only support the UMTS/HSDPA 2100/1700/900 MHz bands for data.

With this phone, you get the great comments, the satisfaction of having something different from everyone else, the feeling knowing you have such a productive and great looking phone...I wanted a phone that nobody has in my country. I wanted something fresh and unique which New Zealand hasn't seen before. I wanted a qwerty keyboard, but a touch screen at the same time. I also wanted the Nokia Lumia. But I couldn't afford that, and it didn't have my required specifications. I googled my perfect phone, and the Dell Venue Pro came up. I saw that their was only 9 left. So I bought two, one for me and one for my partner. I have never had a better phone than the Dell Venue Pro.Amazon shipped the product straight away. It was very fast. I received the item within 7 days, and it was being shipped to New Zealand. So excellent shipping.My Dell Venue Pro arrived un-locked. I was able to use my phone straight away. I use Vodafone NZ. No problems in that part.Yes, the phone is slightly thick. but once you receive it, you'll realise it isn't as big and bulky as it's been made out to be. When you hold it, it's fine, like a normal phone. Thickness is about the width of a little finger (women's). Do not attempt to text in bed with this phone and use the keyboard, it becomes very top heavy, and you'll need to use two hands. One to hold the phone, and one to type. That is the only disadvantage to the phone, but it is liveable and you'll get over it in time.The screen is slightly curved, it looks very nice and sleek. the sides are shiny silver. The back has the dell logo and is black with a slightly noticeable patterned design on the back. It looks very sophisticated.The phone at first is complicated. Their is so much on the phone, I am still finding new things and I have had it for 3 weeks now.The phone calls "contacts" "people", so be aware of this. the phone imports your facebook contacts, and if you need to contact someone, you can chose from "chat" "text" "write on wall" "call". Very handy. You can put your contacts into groups, which will be one of the first things that come up on the screen when you go into "people". You can also import your email contacts, and add your own personal contacts on your previous phone. the phone is extremely smart when you need to contact someone. If you know a lot of people from different networks (work, family, personal, business, school, uni) then this phone will be extra valuable to you, as it sorts them into groups, and has many texting advantages. I know you can add job title and company and position on other phones too, but this phone does it in a unique and practical way. The layout and set up is better than any other phone, espesh the Iphone.To write notes, just go on to Microsoft Office and type, then when you press back it automatically saves. How easy is that.You can chose what is on your home page. I have "calling" "people" "messaging" "emails" "internet" "office" "facebook" "skype" "maps" "calender" and also a few contacts that I contact the most, such as my partner; You can 'pin' their contact details to the home page. you can delete and move them around too.When you scroll right, you have all your apps their too, listed. settings, alarm, games, calculator, and all those other useful tools are their as well. You can put useful apps on the phone too, some could be flash light, skype, city info or whatever you want really. But word of advice, don't make this a toy. I don't think this phone is really designed for millions of apps. I would use this phone to phone and text, and communicate obviously, but I wouldn't make this solely for entertainment. Buy a computer instead.When sliding the keyboard down, it is stiff at first, but when you slide far enough, it does it by itself. If you know what I mean. It takes a bit of extra strength to slide it, but after a certain point, it slides itself down. Hard to explain, I'm sure someone explained it better else where. This isn't a problem though.Quite heavy, and very soft and smooth. Make sure you don't drop it. As it's proportion isn't entirely hold-proof, I recommend you get a CASE or POUCH. I have almost dropped this phone twice, and both times is because it slipped through my hand. I cannot get a stable grip. So some sort of protection is A MUST. order from here if you have to, but I made the risk of not doing so, and I couldn't find a suitable case. If you cannot find a hard cover case, then make one yourself. Inside the pouch or cloth should be a protective & soft lining. Snip the stitching at the top on both sides. Side through 2 hard pieces of thin plastic or cardboard. Then slide the phone back in. It is more durable than before, or just google it.WARNINGIf this phone is not sold in your country, then they will not sell a case for it. I recommend that you need a case or pouch for the phone, as it is delicate, and if you drop it then it is broken. Buy the matching dell venue pro case on Amazon. You'll realise that every case in your country will not fit. I have been to many shops, specialising in phone case. Nope, don't fit. I bought a strong, durable travel case from Kathmandu, which I keep my phone in. The phone is too big to fit in an iphone case, and to big to fit in any of the leather sleeves. I've tried already, don't waste your time. I spent an entire day dedicated to "find a case or sleeve". Nope, not a single thing. I bought something practical, but not ideal for my phone. that was my only option. Shipping is very expensive to NZ, so it wasn't worth buying a case.WARNINGif you find your phone your phone randomly turns off when you slide it down, mine did that at first. Nothing wrong with the phone, it is because I did not have a USA Plug Adapter, and used my apply charger for it. The phone didn't like it, and would do weird things. So get a USA plug adapter, and it will stop. Or get the plug changed. I have a universal plug now, and it's fine for me, because I import a lot of my electronics, so I need a universal one. If you just need a USA one, don't get a universal one, because the universal one takes up so much space so I'm unable to out in other plugs on to the power board as it takes up to much space. So if you find you have this problem, try the plug adapter first, and if no change, send it back.WARNINGDon't use this as your camera. The camera is quite bad I must admit. But I have a camera so it doesn't bother me. If you put the new version of windows on here, then the camera is better.Overall, I recommend this phone.As a very busy person, I recommend this phone. Even if you are not "into all the features" you'll realise what you have been missing all these years!

This phone is so amazing and I'm in love with it. I love the sliding keyboard cause I don't need to turn my phone to use it. The screen was bigger than my iphone's and it's beautiful. Windows phone 7.5 is super fast than it already is. Every time I take this phone out of my pocket everyone gets really amazed at it haha. I'm really glad I made this purchase :]

I have my own small tech consulting business. Got Venue Pro from my girl friend for Christmas. So I have had a few weeks to play with it and get a feel for all the functions of the device. I love it! I have had some type of Blackberry for the last 4 years plus and used it extensively for work. The phone that the Venue Pro is replacing is a Blackberry Bold 9700.I use multiple e-mail accounts (some business and some personal), Google Voice account for work, and a Google apps account (think Microsoft exchange server but from google). All my accounts installed perfectly and options are very functional. My almost 400 contacts and calendar synced up natively. (I had to run a sync app from google to get this on my BlackBerry). The Dell hardware is very well put together and feels excellent in the hand. The speaker phone is superb and the voice dialing and texting works very well. The large bright AMOLED display is gorgeous pictures and text pop. (you really have to see the screen appreciate it) Multi-touch works very well and the typing on the screen works very well. (I am not a touch screen typest and wanted this phone due to the slide out keybord, but I am teaching myself to type on the screen due to most phones not having keyboards) The qwerty keybord is not as good as blackberrys but it is very good.The camera is ok. It takes great pictures in good light but becomes quickly unusable in low light (also seems very slow). It is odd to me because video records rather well. Although the hardware is generally excellent (except for the camera) The real winner on this phone is Win Phone 7 mango (mine had mango pre-installed).The windows phone OS is excellent. I setup and support phones for a lot of my customers and have worked with all versions of the iPhone, and many variations of Android phones. Mango is straight forward and extremely well laid out. The phone is very quick even without a dual core processer which has to be attributed to a well put together OS. Overall this is an excellent phone. Couple of things to keep in mind.....this is a big heavy phone. I do not find it too big or too heavy but I can see this as a deal breaker for some.

Pros:  Decent physical QWERTY keyboard, cheap.Cons: Screen is poor, and very thick which makes the touch screen harder to use.  The camera has a hard time focusing and is borderline in-useable in low light. Poor app choices (can't run new Windows Phone apps)I ended up getting a Moto G on sale for $70 and it's way better, I just wish it had a physical keyboard.

this phone is awesome! looks AMAZING! a bit big but its fine! its blazing fast, so snappy! the touch screen is really sensitive! overall this phone is great except for its battery! you can even change the microSD for a 32gb one, just be careful!

very nice, well made!!!  The Dell Venue Pro has attractive design with a large, sharp display and comfortable keyboard. The smartphone runs smoothly on a 1GHz Snapdragon processor. see ya

I got this phone about a month ago and I could not be more pleased. I moved from the dismal 6.5 version of Windows Mobile to this new WP7 Dell device and it is like going from an old VW beetle to a brand new Porsche.  I would say this is arguable the best looking device of all Windows 7 phones. The pullout keyboard is nice for when you need to type longer emails. A few obervations:Battery life: very good considering the device.  Lasts easilly all day with browsing and calling.  Only strange thing is if you completely drain the battery to the point the phone shuts itself down, if you plug it back in, the phone won't power up at all for about 5 minutes! so not good if you run out of battery and need to make a call immediately.Screen: extremely bright, clear and sharp. Scratch resistantQuality of construction: Very solid device. The sliding motion feels really good and solid.  Shiny metal on the edges makes it stand out.Camera: Lame. Only works well on bright daylight.Voice quality: Very good. Easy to put on speaker phone.  Buttons are very big and very easy to enter digits during calls for when using automated IVRsStability of device:  I installed a bunch of junk on it when it was new and the phone was hanging pretty frequently.  I eventually wiped it all out to start from scratch and have been careful with what I install and hav enot had a single hang in 2 weeks.OS: Windows 7 is super nice on this phone. There are some very basic customizations that are missing but this makes the OS mroe simple so great for your wife or hubby if they are not good with this type of technology.

This phone is really nice if you have t-mobile.  If you don't then the term "unlocked" is deceptive. I ordered this phone for my husband for christmas. Our carrier is At&t. We put in att's sim card and the phone kept trying to access the t-mobile network. We tried for three days to get a real unlock code, even contacting dell directly. Nothing worked. We were told by dell that the phone is rooted to t-mobile. Making it impossible to use another network. So my husband's christmas present was nothing but a big dissapointment.I have spoken with the seller since originally writing this review. The seller was not aware of the problem with the phone. As I said before IF you have t-mobile it is a wonderful phone. I have nothing against the seller they are refunding my money and are going to change the way they list the phone. So for the seller 5 stars but the phone is still a 2 because of the problem.
