
PHONE LOOKS NICE JUST THE KEYS ON THE PHONE KEYBOARD IS REALLY STIFF WHEN TEXTING. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR SOMEONE WHO TEXTES

I'm surprised people have given this phone such high reviews.  I've had it for about six months and have used it in two international locations with two different SIM cards, works flawlessly.  The reception is good, it's a decent phone.  I like the calculator and calandar.  Not intuitive to set up initially unless you're used to Nokia, but once you have it configured to your taste, it's fine.  THE BAD: the keys are plastic-feeling and cheap, with a clickiness on the main bottons I don't like.  Even worse, some of the symbol keys don't match the symbols they are supposed to coordinate with, such as ?, !, " and a couple of others.  You have to find the keys these are represented by through trial-and-error, and then memorize them.  This is a huge downside to a new phone, obviously.  Finally, the charger it comes with is for Malaysia, and it also comes with an adapter for the US, making the charger bigger and more unweildly, not a huge deal, but something to consider.  Back on the plus side, the battery life is amazing, making it good for travel.

Work very well with my MOTOROLA Bluetooth, but not with PLANTRONICS 520 Bluetooth. So far, so good. Better than SAMSUNG and LG phones

I have ever hated the slow reaction speed of S60 3rd phones, so I give up Nokia for a period of time. This time I select this s40 phone, and it's nice as a basic phone on communication quality, quick response, handy keyboards and easy to use shortcut menu. Even it's a basic phone, it's still with most valued function you need like email.My personal preference is use a good basic with a 3G/4G tablet with big screen not a smart phone with everything. A smartphone with big screen and high-profile OS usually not sustain its power very long with high screen brightness. And usually their functionality as a basic phone will be affected by OS reaction speed of the phone.  Imagine that you have an urgent phone call to make but you lost all the power because the game you played used over the power.If you have a good phone that can stand for more than 10 days and you have a tablet you can surf on the internet everywhere then you have phone you can depend and you can enjoy the big screen of  the tablet. If the phone and the tablet can work seamless together that will be even better.Why the manufactures not give a good composition to customers?

Decided it was time for a QWERTY phone since tired of texting on the "other" kind, but wanted an unlocked quad phone since I travel a lot. I only use a pre paid service (AT&T) and my sim card worked right away. I only want a phone for texting & some phone calls & this works just fine for what I need. No issues with the phone at all.

This is one the best phones I had, I recommend it, No problems with the network, it is all I was expecting... the bad thing is that i lose it. But I am getting a new one. For sure is going to be a Nokia again.

For a cheap blackberry knock off it was good. I would say the Internet browser was very bad. I could use it but it was old technology.

First of all the item arrived way before the due date which was very nice of Amazon. The phone is really great.. Although there is no wifi, 3g works just fine.. There are different apps that can be downloaded. I do not mind using a touch screen since its easier to text on this phone.

I bought this phone to use with T-Mobiles no contract service.  It works great.  Simple to use.  I can text and call easily.  Not enough shortcuts in my opinion but im still learning the ins and outs. Battery life is superb!  Internet access is possible but not easy.  I do check my email with this phone through their OVI app.

I fully-charged the phone, then put my SIM card from ATT in this "unlocked" phone.  It showed the home screen and said "Waiting", then it turns off automatically.  Nothing I could do to keep the phone from turning off.  The phone was even plugged into the charger, so it should have stayed on.  Neither customer service at Nokia nor ATT could help me.Disappointing, because I bought this phone only to use while I sent my Nokia N8 in for repair(flash never worked).

At first, i thought i will buy i new phone that use to pick up and call out.didn't want anything that complicated because i am not good at high technology cell phone.But this one is very easy to use and now i can use a lot of other function.I love and happy with it.thank you

Happy to find an inexpensive unlocked phone, content with the way it works.  There is no quick access to the camera feature, but I can live with that.

i received my phone, very beatiful, but don't have cable usb. this phone is unlocked and is compatible with my phone company, is excelent,is very good for me, I am very satisfied with the product.

It is a phone. That's about it.It came with a security code different that the default.The conversational texting is a huge disappointment.No scheduled text.

Good phone, to bad it does not connect wifi, but is a good phone for your kids, is fast, well organized.

I have this phone and I love it. Works great w. T-mobile. My wife bought 2 also for t mobile but they don't receive attmnts or send/receive pictures. Nokia and Tmobile have troubleshooted and have not idea what the issue is. They blame one another. Got an IPhone. :)

I only use the phone and texting, not the internet part, but it's a durable phone. I bought it specifically non-contract so I could use the provider of my choice without changing phones every time, and that is also convenient when traveling internationally. Good phone - no complaints.

i m currently studying in poland , i m going to order this phone , but will this US version x2 work in Europe (poland) ???

Muy bueno el tlf cumplio mis expectativas tanto del sistema operativo como de las funciones del telefono: 100% lo recomiendo

Ok, I have had this phone for about 4 months now and figure I would write my first ever Amazon review about it. I bought it mainly because I am currently studying abroad in Australia and needed a sim card phone since I'm usually on Verizon when I am in the states. Anyways, here goes my review:Talking:Does everything you need it to do. Speakers are crisp and clean and I haven't had trouble hearing who I'm talking to. Neither has the person I'm talking to had trouble hearing what I've been saying as long as I have service. Clear call quality, and I guess that's all you can really say about it.Texting/Keyboard:Great QWERTY keyboard, but I figure that for people with big hands the buttons may be too small. They're perfectly fine for me but took like a week or so to get used to since I had a bigger QWERTY keyboard before, but for the small thin size of the phone, the QWERTY keyboard is definitely effective. The buttons are very tactile and reactive and I haven't had much trouble with it after a week of getting used to it. It can separate texts into conversations between people, rather than listing out the received/sent texts in the order they were received/sent. Usually its rare to find a feature like that in cheap phones and its definitely a plus. There is a dedicated text button on the front that makes getting to your inbox really simple. Overall, a great texting phone.Internet:It has a decent browser considering it isn't a typical smartphone. If you expect/want to browse and browse like on an iPhone or Android phone, this phone is not for you. I usually quickly use it to google locations or find quick answers to questions and its perfect for that.Apps:It has a small Nokia app store included and there are some good apps. Don't expect a large variety but there are simple apps like Facebook and Whatsapp that are definitely useful. With my plan I get unlimited social network usage, so Facebook doesn't eat up my data and it's perfect for being here in Australia because its like I can text friends back home using facebook messages. The facebook app does pretty most of anything you can do on the website and its simple to use. There are a few other apps like facebook chat, games etc. but I haven't used those quite extensively.Battery Life:This phone has the best battery life I've ever seen. The battery lasts for at least a week for me, and I'm texting quite a bit, going on facebook, listening to music, etc. No doubt better than most phones in terms of life length.Music Player:The phone has a built in micro SD card slot allowing you to upload photos/music to your phone. I haven't tried photos but I've filled a 16 gb micro SD card with music and I use this phone as my everyday music player. While the interface for the music player is somewhat slow, it plays music great. Unfortunately it doesn't have quick scrolling so when I want to find, for example, an artist that starts with "R" I have to scroll all the way down to R rather than being able to quick scroll, so with large music libraries that is my biggest complaint. The music playback seems better than my iPod though and the player is capable of displaying album artwork and the typical things like artist, album, song name and song length. You can also create playlists on the go. While not the best interface, its definitely usable and I've gotten used to it.Menus/Operating System:Nokia has created a simple menu system. The phone isn't the fastest so it takes a bit longer to get through menus compared to a higher end more expensive phone but I guess that is expected. Otherwise, everything is laid out sensibly and I haven't had much trouble navigating the settings, apps, texts and everything else.Email:Another great thing about this phone is that you can link multiple email accounts to it and get instant notification when you receive a new email. I was able to link 3 different email accounts to it within a matter of minutes.Camera:The camera is just a simplistic 0.3 Megapixel camera so you shouldn't expect great quality out of it. I don't take many pictures with it anyway, but if you're looking for a phone to replace your point and shoot camera, this phone is not for you. I'm not going to complain much about the camera anyways because for what I'm using it for I don't need a great camera.Final thoughts:For the $75 I paid for this phone, it definitely was worth it. Unfortunately one downside is that it does not include Wifi access but if you aren't a huge data user like me, its something you can live without. Its has great call quality, an effective QWERTY keyboard for texting, and if you are looking for a "simple" non-smart phone that borrows smart-phone features for a fraction of the cost its definitely a good choice. It would be perfect for just calling and texting, but has added features if you want a bit more.Overall, its a great phone and I'd highly recommend it.

I bought this phone simply for its keyboard i am in a distant country and the best way to connect with my family is by texting the cost is cheap and its keyboard function is great I also have heard from a co worker with the same model that i can use t mobile prepaid sim when I reach the states for time off and still be able to use this phone with no contracts that is awsome since im not in the U.S. alot a contrac phone woould just be a waste for me so this works well I have also found the usic player mode inside the phone install music on a mini sd a nd rock it plays well and is very functional

excelente equipo ya he comprado dos y funcionan muy bien la experiencia con las redes sociales es espectacular lo recomiendo sencillo econ&oacute;mico pero muy eficiente cumple con todos los requisitos. en Venezuela funciona perfecto con movilnet y movistar lo recomiendo. llego a buen tiempo muy responsables y buena la atenci&oacute;n.

it was a great choose am able to log in to the social pages, my email, the picture quality is amzing. I have it for a more than year and still working well.

((I accidentally put this in the review for the seller, as I am a first class idiot. Sorry, OEM shop.))This phone is amazing. It has the keyboard aspect of a smartphone, without the data plan requirement that is so expensive. The clicking of the keyboard can be a bit loud, whether you have the keyboard sound on or not. The camera is not as nice as a professional camera or an iPhone, but for a regular cellphone camera it is very nice and takes great pictures. Sound quality is good, and the radio is very cool as well (it gets more stations than the radio in my stereo). I also appreciate that there is a slot for a memory card, and that the games it comes with are pretty fun, as well. I would suggest a case, though. It feels like you can't get a grip on it sometimes, and a case would protect it from drops, as I have done once already. This phone is great for texting, great for calls, and is a bitchin' red color, to boot.

This phone is great for people who want an awesome, full-featured phone but don't have a 3G plan. I don't have one, and I just wanted a phone that would be good for texting people and playing music. The screen is nice and bright, and provides excellent visibility in sunlight. Since this phone is part of Nokia's "X" series, it has a lot of emphasis on the music playing aspect of mobile phone use. I must say, the media player is stellar. The sound quality is great, it supports many codecs, and there's even a 5 band custom equalizer (which, when tuned just right, can make this phone sound amazing). The phone only comes with 55 mb of onboard storage, the this is easily and cheaply expandable because it sports a MicroSD card slot. I picked up an 8GB micro sdhc card for twelve bucks on Amazon.com (Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB). This phone is unlocked so once you put your SIM card in, you're ready to go. I've had no problems with connections or anything, and the call quality seems great. The only two problems I have with it is that there's no Wi-Fi (however, most phones with wi-fi are smartphones, which most carriers require a data plan for), and that the buttons are kind of loud when they're pressed down. But overall, this phone totally deserves 5 stars, and it's comes with the classic Nokia quality that you'd expect. I would also recommend getting a case for it (Amzer AMZ90723 Silicone Skin Jelly Case for Nokia X2-01 - Black - Frustration-Free Packaging).

I bought this phone to use with T-mobile prepaid.  I'm not a heavy user and only make calls and a few texts.  It's easy to use and the battery seems to last forever.  The screen is good enough for my old eyes and has a few basic themes installed.  The camera is actually not too bad and takes better pictures than other phones I've owned.  I've dropped the phone a few times without any damage.  This is where my one gripe comes in.  The phone has a very slick case and sometimes it's like trying to hold a fish.  If you like to tweak your phone there is a ton of games and themes you can get for free.I've bought a couple other phones since but I always go back to this one.  The other phones were cool looking but were terrible to use.  So if you want a nice basic solid phone then you can't go wrong with the X2-01.

Excellent basic phone. Excellent reception, call quality and battery life. It's a steal at this price. It has good looks even though it may not look so good in the picture.This phone is a quadband phone which means you can use it across the globe. The fact it doesn't have 3g is not a problem for calling or receiving. The call clarity or reception don't decrease because of that. The keyboard is awesome. We have a Nokia E5, but when compared to that, this phone's keyboard is far better and the phone itself is very sturdy and gives a good feeling when holding to your ears (you might have noticed that some phones really don't feel well near the ears).We have an Android touchphone too. Touching, sliding and tapping to receive calls or dial call is a pain. It's a shame that this whole world is bent on features forgetting the basic functionality of the phone which is calling and receiving calls. It's so disappointing there are not many non-smart phones with good reception and call quality. And there are fewer flip phone with those qualities.Added in June 2012:This phone is going steady. We have two phones and one is being used by my teenage son. He has dropped it at least twenty times in front of me (imagine how many times he would have dropped when I was not there!), but it continues to work without any issues. He has a hard cover for the phone but most of the times when he dropped it, the cover, battery cover and battery will fall apart. But it will always work after putting them together. Once he lost it while walking on the footpath when it was snowing and got it only after a couple of hours. I immediately switched it off, removed the battery and let it dry for a day. And it worked again! I hope and pray Nokia will continue to manufacture good quality dumb phones like this.

Despite, the build on Nokia phones, and the quality - i just think they are failing because they lack simple features such as the camera. If you notice the spec above, it doesn't even have a 2 mega pixel camera? For a whopping $84.99, i can buy a samsung with more megapixels than that.. oh common, we are in the 21 century and VGA based resolution (640x480) is extinct. I hope they realize.. and make something out of it.

nokia sigue llenando las espectativas en sus productos.  llego a tiempo. funciona bien. todo salio como se esperaba es un gran regalo para ofrecer

This is a phone for Nokia fans -- among whom I count myself.  Everything about it is familiar to Nokia lovers, with a couple of improvements.  However, it does get a bit overwhelmed when you have too many text messages in it, and instead of prompting you to get rid of some, it CRASHES.  Many frustrating restarts later, it (so far) begins to work again, but it is unpleasant to deal with that when you are trying to conduct business.  It IS a smartphone in the sense that if you have a data plan, you can use the internet freely.  Not my thing, but good to know it can be done.  I love the way this phone looks and feels.  It has two major cons though:1.  The keys have peeled off after 6 months of use.2.  There is no way for MAC users to back up their data, as Nokia does not support mac software yet.Overall, I think I will purchase this again -- but it could be improved.

I got this phone for my 15 year old son. Really great voice quality, great battery, very functional, and my son loved the qwerty keys for messaging. It is not a smart phone so it did not require a high monthly fee (AT&T;).Now the frustrating part: we had the first phone for 35 days before it started acting weird. It would warn a low battery and then when it was plugged in, within minutes it showed "battery full." Amazon was amazing and accepted the return 1 week after 30 days for an exchange without hesitation. We got the second phone overnight (Amazon's policy, not my request). The second phone worked for 3 weeks before doing the exact same thing. That one went back for a refund - again without hesitation from Amazon (they are the best!).I like Nokia phones and believe they are some of the best designed phones around. Unfortunately, this phone has a fatal flaw. If it weren't for this power problem (in TWO phones!), my son and I would have been thrilled with everything else and this would have been a 5 star review.

I've used this phone without issue in both the US and Jamaica.  MY only pet peeve is that the grey telephone keypad looks too much like the other keyboard keys, especially in dim lighting.  Otherwise, I love it.

Ya he comprado dos de estos celulares, aca en Venezuela funcionan muy bien, se le puede instalar el Whatsapp, muy bajo precio y excelente desempe&ntilde;o, no hay quejas de ningun tipo

The phone is otherwise fine, and I've given it to my wife to use with her POP email account, but nowhere does it say that this phone will not work with exchange.  Unfortunately that's a critical bit of information.

I ordered this phone based on the positive reviews from the Caribbean purchasers since I live in Jamaica. Did delivery to my friend in NY and she was quite surprised at the speed at which UPS delivered. I had a Nokia before and I love my new Nokia!! Had a little problem with my postpaid sim card but I took it into my network subscriber and they sorted it out pronto. Don't mind the small keys as I'm getting used to it. The 3G is really fast. I can't wait to travel again so I can really explore its internet options. I'll choose my Nokia over a BB anytime because it's no problem mon!! InfoChique.It's more than a year later and my phone got soaked. Silly error on my part but after careful drying procedure it was back to norm in a couple days. Alas, the water appears to have damaged the metallic covering of my keyboard because now they're flaking.

PROS:-This phone has a keyboard much like the BlackBerry.-This phone is very simple i.e. has no touch screen.-Has some social networking (FaceBook) built in, but dont expect anything.CONS:-This phone locks, like locks up, and u need to press the OK and UNLOCK gets annoying but you get used to it.-This phone is NOT a smartphone, it does have some abilities i.e. e-mail and social networking, but it doesn't have stunning quality like the iPhone.Overall, it's a nice phone if you like it simple. Good price as well.

I had this phone for 4 months and it worked fine, not dropping calls, sending texts fine. But then my screen started to occasionally turn white when I wanted to use it, and eventually it became permanently white and could no longer be used. So you can buy it and test your luck or stay safe and get a different phone.

da phone gr8, battery life amazingly long. very impressed. i never thought this would have been such  a great phone, but its a must have without a doubt.

I'm no gadget girl and I'm proud of that, but I do appreciate technology that truly "makes ordinary tasks easier".  I just wanted 3 things: a good quality reliable PHONE that I could make and receive calls on - I know, right?  a qwerty keyboard for texting and quality mp3/music function.  That's IT - And this phone delivers all 3 beautifully.  I received it on time, in excellent condition, and pretty much just stuck my sim card and memory card in and was off and running. Even the I-phone freaks in my family are fans! What more can I say? I would absolutely recommend this product.

I had a little issue with the one of the accessories but the service was real quick and we solved it. The phone is great and it made a wonderful gift

I just wanted a base line type phone with NO WeB surfing. I just wanted texting & photo's and this is it. I don't use the email part of it. Also I like the phones big screen, long battery life and it is very easy to use. And if I lose the phone I won't get to crazy because of the low cost. Would buy a Nokia again.

Recomiendo este tel&eacute;fono ya que trae todas las funciones de cualquier blackberry costoso... tiene Face, Twitter y todo lo dem&aacute;s... email, gmail, etc... por el precio es incre&iacute;ble... lo &uacute;nico malo es que no trae memoria microSD...

i did know this sell phon did not work on my LkdG semcard. it was unlokt nokia. after so much problem i had with delivary. and in the end it did not work.

Ive had this phone for 2 years now. I have it in the red color. I love having the keyboard instead of a touchscreen. I also use the multiple alarms which can be set throughout the day.One gripe is that I have missed several days of work because if I set the notification alarm for an earlier time, it preempts the main alarm so that I can't hear it. When I look at the screen, the alarm will be flashing on, but there is no sound coming out. So that is why I say that the alarms are unreliable if you are using the notification alarms along with the main alarm.Also there is no ability to get Android software. When I got this phone I had no use for Android software and its apps, but now I do.The size of the phone in my hand is just right. It doesn't overwhelm my hand like other phones do.The internet search function works well, but I found that it gets annoying to keep pressing the button to scroll down the page, or scroll to the right to read. Some web pages are rendered too difficult to navigate, for example, when needing to click to the next page-since you must hover the arrow directly on the page number to click it- it takes some patience to maneuver the arrow.This phone still works for people who occasionally look things up online. It only becomes frustrating if you like to use the internet a lot.My battery life is excellent, even after 2 years. Ive never owned a phone with as good a battery life. I actually bought this phone because of 2 things: the keyboard and the battery life. Because I hate having to recharge my phone.If you are like me and often drop your phone, this phone is good because it doesn't feel 'delicate'- like it would break. Ive dropped it probably over 50 times, and all that happens is the back cover pops off, and sometimes the battery pops out. This is without any case or rubber/plastic shell.I do have to say, since this is a critique, that after 1 year on this phone I wished it had some more interesting bell/call tones. I only used 3 different tones to receive my calls in the 2 years I had it. There are more, but I didn't like them.Another problem I've had with this phone is it saves all messages, all drafts, and all sent and received messages. So, in effect, it is storing everything. This only became a problem for me after 2 years of (extremely light usage). I did not have any extra storage space. At the end of 2 years I had no space available to keep photos.Also, I would recommend to you to get this phone for a cheaper price than what is offered here. There are other prices available.

este celular en muy bueno se lo regale a mi hijo y el esta muy contento por este regalo gracias

Thanks to Shannon, I have updated my review to "love it." I had a 4 yr old Samsung that takes the old sim card, so it was just a 3g card I needed. Since AT&T treated me badly, the guy working in the store, gave me a free card. The phone is awesome and when the contracts are all done, we're looking at no more obligation to cell phone companies and much lower bills.

I just bought this for my wife for easier texting.  We use it with T-Mobile prepaid and switched her SIM card without a problem.Very nice keyboard, great battery life and the antenna works great.  My other T-mobile phone gets zero bars at the house, but this phone gets bars all over the house.The camera is not great, and sound quality when playing music could be better, but that's not why we bought it.  Voice quality on calls is excellent.To summarize:  If you want an inexpensive but reliable phone for texting and calls, this is the phone for you.

He comprado esta celular a mi hijo de 12 a&ntilde;os quien esta muy satisfecho. el envio fue rapido, las funciones estan acorde a la tecnologia de venezuela, creo que es buen aparato de la nokia

the phone came in two days, I love the phone, it is high quality, only criticism is manual does not give enough description; I had a lot of problem installing sim card due to scant directions, pictures etc; many other things have to be learned by trial and error, otherwise a great phone, nice sound on radio, had to buy new headset as ear buds did not fit my ears but great sound quality, nice keyboard, I have wide fingers but small buttons no problem, I would definitely recommend, it was unlocked, I am using with Pure Talk with no problems

Not everything works with AT&T.  All I could do was calling and texting, no internet or picture messaging or social networking.  I tried to figure out how to get around this and use these features but it was too much trouble, considering one of the main reasons I wanted this phone was for texting and I hate the keyboard, it's too "clicky" if you know what I mean.  It's an ok phone but not if you want to text fast or have a touch screen.

I bought the phone to seller "Amazon " and had no problem with the shipment.It is an excellent option because the features it offers, the price-quality-properties is very good, for a person who requires a good phone backed by one of the best companies like Nokia it is best that you can find at this point. I love the QWERTY keyboard and the fact that it is a relatively new product launched in 2010.The phone is fully unlocked, just inserted my SIM card and start using it without problems.The only downside is it does not include the data cable (mini USB) for connection to PC, cable however is a very economical and surely we all have at home or work.I am very satisfied with the product.

I messed up my android recently, and I started using an old flip-phone with the painfully ancient T9 function. After about 2 months of agony, I ran to Wal-Mart to look for a decent "pay as you go phone". What's nice about T-Mobile's "pay as you go's", I can simply place my sim card in it and use it regularly. All I was really looking for was a qwerty board. I can take T9 anymore. I saw the Nokia X2. It didn't seem to feature much, but it had a qwerty. I bought it with really low expectations. Boy, was I wrong about this phone. The battery life is amazing. I literally charged the phone on Monday and didn't recharge again until 6 days later!!! After adding the data plan to my phone, I am now able to access my work e-mails! For some reason my "almighty" android phone couldn't do that. It doesn't have 3G, but honestly I really don't miss it. The web browser and graphics are somewhat basic, which allow for faster web surfing.If you don't buy the phone expecting it to be an I-Phone or Droid, you will be pleased. One thing that would have made this perfect, would be a basic GPS function. With that, I would buy no other phone.

The X2 is an excellent product. Good sound quality and takes great pictures. You can even use it as a phone.:-)

ALSO please you send me the but less de note or facture of product please send me urgent in my adress

MY HUSBAND IS A BASIC TYPE OF PERSON, SO HE LIKES BASIC THINGS NOTHING DIFFICULT. SO THIS PHONE WAS NPERFECT FOR HIM IT WAS UNLOCKED TOO SO WE USED IT ONLY IN FORIEGN COUNTRIES.

This cell is amazing, still wording dispace the very bad treat from my 10 years all daugther. I recommend it strongly

I like this phone over my old Blackberry. I was looking for a unlocked phone as I live in Italy and I didn't want to spend $200 on a phone again. So I read the reviews on the Nokia X2-01 and purchased it. The price was very good for the amount of features this phone has. I am happy with it and would buy another one.

I bought this phone because it has a qwerty keyboard, fast 2G internet capability, and is quad-band for use abroad.  Thus far it works for calling and sending text messages here in the states using a $3 Simple Mobile sim activation kit and $25 15 day talk and text plan.  Simple Mobile piggybacks off of T-Mobile's network.I will try to update this review if it works abroad.UPDATE 2011-DEC-19I have also successfully used this quad-band GSM phone with Kenya's Safaricom (global texting (SMS); global MMS; all the Nokia features were enabled such as Google Talk; Gmail; Twitter; Facebook).I have also successfully used this quad-band GSM phone with Nepal's NCell (most of the Nokia features are not enabled; however global and local SMS works fine).

There are tons of phone options today but aside from blackberry, there seem to be fewer and fewer with qwerty keyboards and not many available in the under $100 range. If you are like me, then you don't want to invest in a $400 phone which may not last, may break, may get lost or stolen - which is what happened to my previous two phones (bought within the last year).If you are looking for a basic blackberry kind of phone that has a qwerty keyboard for text and email w/ a decent calendar/appt/note taking software. This is your phone. In the under $100 range this is probably the best thing going on. The software is good. The speaker is solid. The keyboard works well and is easy to get used to. The keys are the right size. Its just a good all around basic phone. Much better quality than the samsung phones in the range like the gravity phones which are slower (processor wise), cannot run any independent apps, have annoying keyboards and mediocre calendars. I know because I had a couple of them. I had the gravity-t for a while. It was much slower and limited your number of saved texts, took a while to load email messages, had an annoying browser, mediocre speaker and was just mediocre on several other counts.The only major flaw with this phone is the email which though claims to work with gmail, kept taking a long time to log into the account and then would not let you view the new messages. Also, the browser did not work. Those are big flaws but I found a great workaround. There is an independent gmail for mobile app available for download which can be used on this phone and is SUPERFAST. And I am using the Edge network. Not 3G or 4G bec T-mobile and I assume all other carriers don't allow unlocked phones to use their 3G/4G networks. The biggest issue with speed as far as phones go, it seems to me, is well written software which doesn't require tons of bits or processing power to carry out. Also, the opera mobile version which is also superfast and excellent as a phone browser, downloaded, installed and was running in mins. The fact that this phone can run these apps so smoothly puts it in the smartphone category and makes it a great buy at $80.

I just received my phone and I love it already.  It's not a smartphone, but if you just text and make phone calls this is the phone for you.  It's easy to use and even if you have not read the instruction (like me) you can figure it out.

I originally had the LG Cookie that I bought off of Amazon. It was a cheap touchscreen, since I didn't have a contract, I had to buy a phone separately. I have Family Mobile, from Wal-mart. This phone was cheaper than the LG Cookie, and it works a million times better. It has the feel of a blackberry, and texting on it is fantastic. It organizes the the text by contact, instead of just a list of recent texts. Great customizable home screen, where you can put favorite contacts, missed alerts, and other things on it. Talking is also great. Good reception, and it's easy for me to hear people, even though I'm slightly...hearing deficient. I do NOT have web access for my plan, so I can't rate that really well. It can hold quite a bit of text messages, unlike the LG Cookie, which can only hold 500 altogether.The only thing that I don't really like is the camera. It's very low quality, but that doesn't diminish the product any, because it's an overall, fantastic product.Update!I've had this phone since the beginning of August 2011, and I have to admit, this phone has well surpassed my expectations. It can hold thousands of texts messages, very organized, customizable 'home screen', and the battery still works like the day I got it. Very, very glad I went with this phone.

After hours of online research I have found that some Nokia phones require a data plan to send MMS (picture messages).  This was not the case many years ago, MMS was considered to be counted as an SMS, initially you would believe this was due to some restrictions placed from your service provider, the problem was the person I bought it for just switched to this phone and was no longer capable of sending MMS without a data plan, however when she switched back she was.  Apparently the phone tags MMS to require data usage unlike SMS.  Obviously this will not effect many people, since there are those who already subscribe to data plans, or never bother sending MMS or SMS in the first place, so this review can be dismissed, however those who do plan to use MMS, must know about this particular design flaw, please do not become an unexpecting buyer such as myself to become greatly disappointed.tldr; unable to send MMS without a data plan.

The phone was ok just wasnt able to get online with it.But was quite happy with how it was handled.

Must say first, I like the style and keyboard of this phone.  Here comes the BUT,  I can not get the internet to work.  Have called Nokia several times and no one seems to know how to help me.  Very disappointed with the customer service.  I paid for this service but it seems no one at Nokia is interested.  Might just send this back and look somewhere else.

I currently use it in Afghanistan, and the phone has been reliable and compatible for use with the Roshan network.  The shipment was fast as I received my product in just under a week.  The battery lasts me for approximately 3.5 days with moderate usage.  The price, quality of the product, and speed of shipment gives it a 5 star review.  It does need a PC to phone cable however.

I have a T-Mobile data/call/text plan, and as soon as I received this phone, it worked. The internet browser is decent, I usually use it to look things up on Google.The only problem I had was that I had to call them and they had to work some magic so I could send and receive picture messages.  It took a while, but they eventually got it.The picture quality of the phone is really nice and clear.  The speakers are loud and clear also.  I love the speakerphone, as my last phone I could barely hear anything when I used it, and I use it a lot.  This I can hear fine.As for the camera, it's not that great.  I would have liked a better one, and I am disappointed that they didn't include a better one on this model.  It definitely has the capability.I enjoy the text logs, although it's glitchy sometimes.  It's not a huge issue, but if I look at a conversation it says that I sent texts to someone I know I sent to another person.  If I look at my sent messages to make sure, it shows the right text sent to the right person.  It's just a glitch I got used to as it doesn't affect the performance of the phone.I have never used this as a music player, so I am not sure how good it is with that.  It DOES have the mini-SD card slot, which is awesome.  I never have a problem with memory.So if you're looking for a phone that is not a smart phone, but it has a lot of functionality, this is the one.  I like it and it was a great buy compared to what the providers sell.

Simple yet very practical cellphone, I am very glad with my purchase because it is exactly what I was looking for. Highly functional and fully unlocked, I was using it instantly once I arrived in Venezuela. Has expandible memory, camera, neat keyboard which made texts very easy to send. Very comfortable and easy to carry I give it an A+.

No Wonder This Phone Is So Cheap It Re mine Me Of My Old T.D.M.A 5210. I Talk On This Model Phone X2-01 For A Minute And My Right Side Of My Face Get Numb And Lasted For Hours Me And Nokia Ha Ha Ha.

Muy buen telefono, llego en muy buen tiempo a iami y vzla... sin ningun problema a la hora de colocarle una linea internacional, el telefono con muy buena se&ntilde;al y de facil uso, mi mama esta muy complacida con el telefono

I purchased this cellphone for my mom. because she does not like smartphones. she simply use cells for calls and texts. but this one give her more. she definitely love it. the only thing the camera is bad, is a VGA not so much pixels but is ok. but the sound of the cellphone in calls is amazing, the Mp3 is excellent, it sometimes fell down and never get scratched or broken. you could also enter to the internet and the speed is good.

The phone is good for a basic setup although the keys are so small that entering aplhanumerics is very tedious. But the worst problem is the message I get each and every time I use the phone after it has been sitting for a while. It tells me I must unlock the keypad by pressing the function key. This usually requires two keystrokes and is so unnecessary. I do not know if my phone is defective or whether it is a result of normal poor software design.

I bought this phone after I purchased the quickfire from Amazon. I had to send the quickfire back because it wasn't working but anyway. I received this phone very quickly in the mail and instantaneously I fell in love with this phone. It's very lightweight it's pretty and the sound clarity is ridiculous. Unfortunately since I have prepaid service on att it wouldn't let me send or receive multimedia messages or go online. Regular att service is compatible with the phone but there's something about the 50 dollar plan that inhibits compatibility with smartphones. I noticed that initially this was a tmobile phone so I went and visited tmobile. I am switching to their service because they have a 50 dollar plan as well and it's 4g service too. So when this month is up I'm changing my plan because I absolutely love this phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone. Just make sure you're not on the att prepaid plan because if so there's nothing that att, nokia, or amazon can do about it. Trust me I have spoken to all of those people within the last 24 hours of me having this phone. Also it doesn't come with a usb connector but you can easily buy one. I bought a great package with iNcido Brand Nokia X2-01 Combo Rainbow Zebra Protective Case Faceplate Cover + Rapid Car Charger + LCD Screen Protector + USB Data Charge Sync Cable f and everything was brand new.

Bought this phone for a trip to Taiwan, worked perfectly with the sim card I bought over there.I'm giving this 5 stars because I got exactly what I wanted at the price.  It's supposed to be an economical phone for travel.  This isn't an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy or Motorola Droid or etc. so I wasn't expecting anything fancy.  It's basic, allows you add contact info, gets texts, and allows you to make calls.

Bought this phone due to the great reviews that I found online. But, my phone was a piece of junk. The keypad symbols did not match the symbols entered. For example I enter "?" and what I would see was "#." Also, picture messaging did not work. Returned/Refunded.

sim card popped in just fine, but multimedia messages and the internet where not compatible with my at&t sim card

easy to use, i went to spain, got a sims card at a local orange phone company, and that was it, i got to use it during my whole vacations! now i'm going to costa rica and will be using it there too!

I really like this phone. It's only drawback is the size. It's a little bigger and not as easy to have as a pocket phone, but who cares? Just have bigger pockets or a purse.It's awesome for texting (yeah, my fingers are small!) and the screen is big enough to see it all clearly.When I text and get a response, it's like having a conversation, because the texts are displayed in an easy to read, "what did I just tell that person?" kind of way, so no backtracking.The tones it comes with are cool, too.I like that when I'm not using it, it quickly goes to sleep mode and locks the keys. That way, I know, when it goes in my purse, it's not going to accidentily dial anyone.Once you get the hang of the keys and which are where, it's a piece of cake to figure it all out. The features are handy and simple.The battery lasts a long time, too.I bought the red jelly cover for it, and that's good too.Overall, I'd recommend this phone if you like to text a lot but don't want to pay a ton of money for one of those slider phones.

I am very pleased with my new phone. Same model that I originally had but has more features and I am protecting it with a silicone cover. Price is excellent!

This is a nice phone easy to use and great for the price. I am happy I tried amazon, after getting a previous bad phone. Amazon was great to work with. I am glad I  gave it a second try. This phone is very nice . It is only one day and I love it.  SMH

Great Phone, Came in brand new, packing was great. Put my Sim card in it work great, All my phone #is transfer over. Lots of ring tone to chose from, phone calls is loud and clear, recommend a siliconecase for it. Kind of slippery if not careful.

The phone was working great up until a week ago . start to turn off by itself. good for talking & texting. very bad for e mail or online surfing.good for temporary pre-paid use only. I can not return it anymore. warranty? I don't think so......you might want to check for warranty before you buy.

im from costa rica, and the phone is very good it doesnt have any problem, i recommend you to purchase this cellphone. (:

me gusto mucho el celular cumpli&oacute; mis expectativas en cuanto a funciones al tener presente que es un telf sin muchos en cuanto al navegador que es lento con mi operadora de resto muy conforme

i got this phone as a replacement phone. i read all the reviews on different ones and decided on this one as it looked like it was pretty easy to use and setup was simple. i got the phone and it was just like everything i had read. put my sim card in and it worked right away. texting was fine, everything worked except sending and receiving picture messages. i went in to the t-mobile store for help and got none. (they are never very helpful in the stores for some reason) my friend suggested i call the help number for t-mobile, that she never used the stores (for the same reason) and she had good luck w/ the help line. i called and they were great and had me set up in minutes! will use them from now on. everything works great!  camera is okay, takes better pics than i thought it would. phone is a little big to put in your pocket, but other than that i would definitely recommend this phone!

I accidentally dropped the phone inside my place. It instantly broke. It is not durable which is too bad as I like Nokia.

great phone to chat,email... camera good but doesnt contain night mode or flash the phone style i give it *****  the screen its 2.4 its ok the , the phone sound is awesome ***** but the only cons it doesnt contain wifi and 3g :(

At first when the package arrived I thought, "How light weight and maybe "flimsy." But after charging the battery and understanding the way of Nokia X2-01, it has turned out to be a very good cellular for the price. After using it for a few days I really LOVE IT! Love it! Love it! Love it!  It is light weight, fits in your pocket with ease, very colorful, very compact. Lots of nice features; I especially like the unlocked feature. Nothing like plenty of choices. The keys feel like eggshells at first, but once your comfort level has increased, you pick up the movement of the keys, you discover the rhythm for texting. I look forward to discovering more about this model cell phone - Nokia X2-01.  I recommend it for the price; it's a good deal.

tengo que reclamarles que no me llego el equipome llego fue la caja con los accesorios... como hago para recuperar el equipo

This is one of the cheapest unlocked phones I could find on Amazon, and it's worth much more than $90.  I'm currently using this phone on the AT&T; in the US, and to be honest, the service is slightly better than my old Samsung phone.MULTIMEDIA MESSAGING WORKS ON AT&T.;  It took some setting up, and the people at the AT&T; store were absolutely unhelpful, but just google how to set it up on this phone, and once you find the recommended settings, it just takes some looking around through various menus in the phone in both the phone/connectivity settings and the messaging settings to find where to enter the right info.  There's no one menu for all the multimedia messaging settings you need, but keep looking and fiddling around, and you'll figure it out.The phone itself is pretty fast and I don't have any complaints about the software. The conversations feature with messaging is also incredibly useful.Overall, for the price, this is one of the better phones I've seen that doesn't require a smartphone plan, and it looks great too.  If you need a cheap phone without a contract, this is one of the better options out there.

Only the charger, phone and back was received no battery, and I mad that I had order this product and was not given what was order.

it was as i expected,all the features wonderful.would like to order another one  but too expensive now good job though.

I bought this unlocked phone so I can text faster when I am traveling oversea. It's only a basic dumb phone, and I all I wanted for. These type of phones in US version works a lot better than the oversea counterpart. There's no issue with this phone. Hard button are better than touch screen, when it comes to cheap phones.

I like everything about this phone but my battery last only a day. I do not use the internet that much apart from using Wasup apps. I called in to amazon and I had a replacement and I am still facing battery problems. I have used nokia and I like nokia phones a lot but I am not happy with the battery life span for this phone in particular.

I needed to replace a broken smart phone but all I really needed was a phone for making calls and texting.  This is an excellent phone for that purpose.  I use ATT and I dropped the SIM Card in, called ATT gave them the IMEI Number and SIM Card Number and turned the phone on.  Works like a charm.  Very nice for Texting since it maintains Conversations.  I have to say that I am very pleased with this phone choice and given the opportunity would make the same one.  If you are looking for a non smart phone and need to text this is a Great choice of phone.

I love this phone and all it's features, especially, the keyboard.  However, the handset speaker isn't working and hasn't since day one.  I must return it for a new one as it is under warranty.  I was very pleased with the communication and the shipping.  And I know when I have this small problem corrected, this will be my favorite phone ever.  Update:  Phone was returned and replaced in a fast and efficient manner.  Great dealings with Amazon.  Thanks!!

Excelente Vendedor Seguro y confiable Todo Lo descrito en El telefono rapido en las Fechas de pautas nuevo Paquete. lo recomiendo 100% carlos DESDE Guarenas Venezuela.

This phone doesn't seem to work properly (or at all) with an AT&T; GoPhone SIM card. It's a very appealing phone; just wish I could use it to make calls.This phone turned out to be defective. I returned it for another.According to AT&T;, this phone can not be configured to work with MMS/data etc. on their network.The phone drops calls longer than two minutes. Making a second two minute call seems to require rebooting the phone. Either the device is really buggy or poorly made, or it just doesn't play well with AT&T;'s network. Either way: stay away from this phone if you use AT&T;.

I am very happy with this phone. I bought it first for my teenage son after he destroyed a couple of other phones (lost, crushed, drowned in the pool, you name it), but after watching him use this one for a while I realized that I wouldn't mind having one myself. I would basically echo the comments from other reviewers (ex: "Robert A."). Phenomenal battery life, best that I've seen in my limited phone experience. Very good for voice calls, excellent for texting. Best $80 I have spent in quite some time.

My dad who only likes simple phones and no hard to use phones LOVES this and doesnt miss his old nokia

I'm usually on-call 24-hours for work and my old iPhone's battery wasn't long enough to make it through an entire day. The Nokia X2-01 has been an amazing phone for me. The battery lasts about a week and a half with frequent texting and occasional glimpses at Facebook. I have it on Simple Mobile ($40 unlimited talk, text, and web) but it only works on their Edge Network, which makes me wish that this phone could access WiFi. I love the Bluetooth connectivity and the conversational texting layout (like on an iPhone, rather than needing to open each text individually).This phone can also take a serious beating. I don't have a skin or case, and yet it has withstood many drops without scratching or breaking! Occasionally the back will come off and the battery will fall out when I drop the phone, but it comes right back on when I put everything back together.

It isn't compatible with AT&T so I can't go online, nor send or receive multimedia messages. And it looks like a toy phone.

I ordered, then received the Red Nokia X2-01 all in one 24 hour day, it was GREAT.  I wasn't sure I'd be able to enjoy this one, because I have very impaired vision, but I was so happy to find that all fonts can be enlarged, making it so easy to view messages, contacts, EVERYTHING.  It's a very lightweight phone with a nice, comfortable feel. The screen is generous and gives a nice bright display.  The keyboard, though at first it looked daunting, is actually easy to use after a few days.  The buttons develop sort of a "puffy" feel to the touch, and press easily and accurately.  Many reviewers complained about the camera, but I am finding it quite adequate for a cell phone.  Though not the BEST one I've had, it is fine, and the phone has several "editing" tools to improve your photos, and they actually turn out quite good with a bit of editing.  Lots of interesting and "easy listening" ringtones and alerts.  A bit short on themes and wallpaper, but with the Nokia Ovi Store, you can download tons of free themes, wallpapers, and ringtones (the ringtone selection is somewhat poor, but after all, it's FREE.)  There are also alot of free and available for purchase apps on the Store's site, some of them quite interesting.  My only disappointment is this:  it does NOT work with T-Mobile's gallery of displays and ringtones. Additionally, it will not accept your old ringtones or photos from your former phone, although it WILL accept your contact list.  T Mobile explained that it is incompatible because it was Nokia's first attempt at a Smartphone with a quasi Windows system.  Truthfully, this is over my head, so I grin and bear it.  The battery life is incredibly LONG, both talk time and standby.  If you buy it, be prepared to "play" with it for awhile because some of the usual features are in different places than expected, such as call logs, "in call" volume control, and phone storage info.  I am having a bit of trouble receiving picture messages, but I believe there is a setting I have not yet mastered.  If you're into Facebook, it's very simple to upload photos from the camera, or from your Photo Gallery stored on the phone.  I'm not into using my phone for the Internet, so I can't comment on that component. All in all, I'm extremely happy with this phone.

It is a nice piece of equipment that does the job well.. qwerty really makes it easy for me to send text messages

there is nothing wrong with that comment, the cell meets the objectives for which it was purchased. Need wifi and the camera has flash.

This phone was totally unlocked and ready for use when I took it out of the box. It's great phone for the price.

Even though I don't use the internet features, texting is done with ease.  It configured quite fast after putting in my SIM card.  Just absolutely love, love it!!  Packaged very well and arrived to me with no hang-ups!!

I purchased this phone for my son who doesn't really care for smartphones. The price is excellent given that the phone is unlocked to any carrier and you don't have to extend your contract the way you have if you buy a carrier subsidized phone. It is a simple phone using Nokia's Symbian 40 OS. It doesn't have a settings wizard so you need to setup your MMS and internet yourself. My son is not interested in a data plan but he text a lot so he has unlimited SMS and MMS messaging. I setup the MMS for him so don't believe the posters who say that it doesn't work with AT&T.; This is the MMS settings I used, I borrowed most of it from Michael Covington's Daily Notebook blog where he posts the settings for a Nokia 7020 that I adapted after checking my settings for my Nokia N8. Anyway the phone is definitely worth the approx 85 dollars I paid for it so the stars are for the price vs hardware. The settings can obviously be adapted if you have a data plan by adding a new access point using AT&T; Internet instead of the AT&T; MMS for the packet data.MenuMessagingMoreMessage settingsMultimedia msgs.Req read reports - NoAllow read report - NoMMS creation mode - GuidedDefault slide timing - 00:08MMS reception - AutomaticAllow adverts - NoConfiguration settingsConfiguration - Personal config.Account - AT&T; MMSSettingsConnectivityPacket dataPacket data conn - When neededPacket data settingsActive access point - AT&T; MMSEdit active access pointAccess point alias - AT&T; MMSPacket data acc pt - wap.cingularConfigurationDefault config sett - Personal config. (checked)DetailsItems received - *Multimedia messagingAct def in all apps - YesPreferred access point - (empty)Personal settingsAT&T; MMSAccount Name - AT&T; MMSServer address - [...]Use pref access point - NoAccess point sett.Proxy - EnabledProxy address - [...]Proxy port - 80Bearer settingsPacket data acc pt - wap.cingularNetwork type - IPv4Authentication type - SecureUser name - (leave blank)Password - (leave blank)

I purchased this phone to replace my old AT&T; LG. The screen was nearly completely dead, and I wanted to be able to send/receive text messages and pictures. This phone is a nice replacement phone, but I've owned it less than a month and it's already glitching out on me. The screen will freeze in the middle of sending a text, I *cannot* send/receive pictures or other MMS messages, and the touted "conversation view" is just... confused. I recently read back through a conversation I had with my boyfriend and was very surprised to find it included messages "he" sent that were identical to messages three other people had sent me. The messages I sent included messages I'd sent to those three other people as well, and the whole thing was a jumbled chronological mess. The conversation also included an unreadable phantom message I supposedly sent him on 1/1/1980. The phone hasn't been dropped, and I haven't gotten it wet.The phone itself is nice, and I wonder if my AT&T; service is causing some of the problems (for instance, the MMS issue), but it's incredibly frustrating to buy a phone to fix two problems... and have those two problems again!

This Nokia X2-01 was a great gift!  Phone was well received and is of much use.  The phone is easy to use and has a great feel in the hand.  Will recommend purchasing to anyone....and such a great price.

a very good phone for the price. I had issues with sending fotos but once I figured that out everything worked.

Since I had it in my hands, I looked nice, access to applications is very good. In difinitiva the phone looks great and I recommend it and the best this at a very reasonable cost.

I was looking for a cheaper phone for just the basic Talk and Text functions. Also with frequent use of videos and camera.I should have given this 3.5 Stars.The only drawback feature of this phone is, it doesnt have "clear all" options. SO if you send 30 text messages a day. You have to delete it one a time inside the Send Folder.

I'm extremely please with this phone, i live in Barbados and wasn't sure it wouldv'e worked. As soon as i put the SIM card, it worked. LUVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV it!

does this phone works for a Philippine Sim cards? because i need a phone that will work with my Sim card.

I just received the phone...Delivered on time as promised based on the shipping method chosen.Good looking and awesome functionality phone... maybe because I was used to my other blackberry and it is very similar...Easy to setup...So far the only disappointment is that I cant find a "vibrate" option for the incoming calls... I use this when I am at work... but I am sure this is only a matter of time for finding it...Would definitely recommended...The sound is very good ( I have had incoming calls already on it)...I'll tell U all more as I work with it :)Enjoy your purchase...

This phone is a good one. It has been working pretty well. It is easy to send text message with the key board. I love it!!

hola soy de venezuela y el equipo me llego en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente me gusta y seguire comprando en amazon

Nokia x2-01, excelente compra el tel&eacute;fono funciona perfectamente,  lo recib&iacute; totalmente nuevo con sus accesorios,  le coloque la tarjeta  Sin Movsitar en  Venezuela y funciono perfecto. muy buena la c&aacute;mara y todas las funciones que tiene este excelente tel&eacute;fono. muy buena compra.

Nice n great phone for the price. My mom loves it. Does well with everything. Battery is good n last long.

I've had this phone for a little over 24 hours now, so this review may be rather premature.  However, given all the negative reviews about this very inexpensive phone, I am inclined to write a positive review that I may edit later.What I like about this phone:- SLICK: it's thin, light, and visually attractive- INTUITIVE: clicking on commands is easy if you are familiar with the Nokia interface.- EASY-TO-USE: making phone calls and sending text messages is easy.- EASY SET-UP: the set-up is quick and easy.  I also own a Nokia 5800, so I am familiar with the interface. Choosing ring tones, setting up the alarm, etc. was really easy.What I could not figure out:- KEYBOARD LANGUAGES: you can select among English, Spanish, French, and Japanese.  I selected Spanish to send some text messages in Spanish but even though Spanish was the keyboard language, I could not figure out how to use Spanish-specific characters such as &ntilde; or &aacute;, &eacute;, etc. (the accent mark on vowels). The keyboard was still operating in English.What I have not used yet:- CAMERA: I took a couple of pictures, but I do not plan to use the phone as a camera, so that is a moot point for me.- VIDEO: again, this to me is a primarily an inexpensive PHONE so I care not how good or grainy the video comes out.- INTERNET: I do not have a data plan on this phone (T-Mobile pre-paid calls and text only), so that does not matter.  I use my Nokia 5800 for Internet access where I have a pre-paid data plan.Overall, for $90.00, I am impressed with this phone.  I think I bought the right phone.

Just got the phone last week.I have added it to my AT&T; Service.Setup was easy but it took a bit of work to get MMS Picture messaging to work.I needed to have the ability to use DATA open - but no DATA PLAN was needed.The following link was needed for how to set the MMS up:[...]One negative is the phone cannot do Wifi!The phone also does not have a Volume Rocker as an external button.Screen is good and keyboard works well.Signal strength is also good.So far I like this phone a lot.

Excelente producto para el precio cancelado, funciona bien con las empresas de telefonia en venezuela y no como otros que son celulares desbloqueados y alg&uacute;n problemita dan al momento de colocar el chip, ya habia tenido otros telefonos Nokia y son muy resistentes para mi una compa&ntilde;ia con muy buenos productos.

Love this product, the color and the features.  I particularly love this brand as compared to some others for the durability and reliability.  Will definitely purchase again from this seller.

I got it fast & the phone is great.It's wider than I'm used to but not a big deal because it's thin.Also,the buttons are not too small.I have AT&T.I; popped my sim in & it worked right away for calling & texting.I couldn't get the MMS to work so no picture messages.I called AT&T; & they gave me incomplete codes so MMS wouldnt work..probably because I didn't buy the phone with them.They said they couldnt guarantee I'd have MMS since I didn't buy the phone with them. I called Nokia & this very nice man walked me through it.In case anyone else has similar problems,here are the codes:Menu-Settings-Configuration-Personal Setting (Type:) AT&T; MMS-click "ok"Account name: AT&T; MMSServer Address: [...]Use pref.access pt: NOAccess Point Settings-Proxy (click) EnabledProxy Address:  [...]Proxy port: 80Bearer Setting-Packet data access pt.: (Type:) wap.cingularNetwork type: IPv4Authentication type-NormalUser Name: (type everything in capital letters:)[...]password:CINGULAR1Now you can enjoy all of the features of your new phone :)
