
The day i received the phone it starting cutting off by itself and freezing up not even an hour after i had it. Now it won't work at all! Every time I turn it on all it does is flashes the Verizon Wireless logo at me.

I love the phone and it's probably one of the best phones you can get without a contract from Verizon. When I received the phone it was in great condition and was quite happy. Then I went to go charge the phone and it would not take a charge. I called the seller and they were helpful and sent me a new battery and charger. When I received the new battery and charger it was the wrong battery and charger. I called again and then after about a week I got a new battery and charger, (the right one), and I am very happy with this phone. Company was polite and courteous but it just took me 2 weeks before I could actually use it due to the bad battery. All in all I am very happy now.

Had the phone for less than a day and the touchscreen keeps freezing, the actual keypad doesn't work properly, and it wont even charge right.  Like seriously I don't appreciate getting sent defective merchandise. So I am returning the phone and I will be taking my business elsewhere.

Had an issue with phone that Joe was quick to correct. Very nice to work with and would highly recommend.

Item was in the condition it was promoted to be in before purchase. This phone works great. I bought the phone to use with page plus before I found out that they dont recommend bringing a Verizon phone over that has never been setup on the verizon service because it will cause you not to be able to use some of the functions of the phone. I cannot use any of the apps on the phone due to this issue. Just a heads up to people moving to Page Plus.

This phone is everything I thought it would be.  The battery life is great; texting is quick and easily accessible.  Multiple alarm clocks.  The only thing I was disappointed about was the ring tones... mostly, that the normal text alert sound was not an option.  I am glad to find out that the phone no long requires a data plan on Verizon.

The Rogue was an ok phone while it worked. Unfortunately, the touchscreen died after about a year of use. The poor reliability makes it difficult to recommend.The phone did have good points. Call quality was reasonable and the camera was decent so long as you had adequate lighting. The QWERTY keyboard, in combination with a pretty good messaging program, made this a very intuitive phone for texting. Battery life was adequate...better than I've experienced on my current Droid X2, although that is to be expected, given the power disparity between the two phones.On the downside, the Rouge would come out of sleep mode far too easily. I often found myself inadvertently making calls or accessing the internet while the phone was in my pocket. The Rogue uses a proprietary OS...no Android or Windows on this one, so its functionality is limited to the few programs it comes with out of the box. The small screen makes reading and navigation difficult when browsing the web.Overall, if you use you phone primarily for calls/text and occasional web browsing, the Rogue may suit your needs. Those that desire more than that will probably want to go for a more modern Apple, Android/Windows OS smartphone.

The retailer send me a random GSM ATT phone, of which would not work on the Verizon CDMA network. 1 star.

i bought this phone as a gift and she seems to really like it except for the battery life which stinks

The phone has some issues that can only be fixed by rebooting it. also so it sounds like people are under water, you have to end the call and restart it. The touch screen is off a bit. But in all for a used cell that came with no charger it works

The vibration stopped working on the first phone I had before it was a year old.I got a second one to replace it under warranty.  In less than a year the touch screen stopped working.

As a comparison to the Samsung Rogue I have an LG env3 that I've been using for the past several months and consider about the best phone I've ever had. I had a chance to try out the Rogue for about three weeks and like it nearly as much as the env3.ProsThe screen is clear and bright. The slide out keyboard has a good response. I like it a lot more than the one on the Droid I used to have, but not as much as my env3. The "back" button at the bottom of the phone is super handy. I really liked the scroll feature in Contacts. As you drag down, a large letter appears indicating where you are in your contact list. This feature works better than the one on my Droid. Contacts are easy to edit and the list makes it easy to text or call. The colors used in the messages display made them easy to read through. The sound quality of the phone and hands free are acceptable. The controls on the sides of the phone were usable. I like the way you can pin certain often-used features to the screen and the side tab where you can select other often-used features to dock there for quick access. Permanent buttons for dialer, contacts, messages, menu are conveniently located at the bottom of the screen.ConsWith a plastic cover the phone's a little on the bulky side, but about what you'd expect for the price. The touch screen failed to respond to my desired selection about 15% of the time. I expect this would improve as I got used to it more. The screen would occasionally unlock itself, but it never pocket dialed.OtherThe camera was acceptable for the price of this phone, but the buttons and settings were not exactly intuitive and would take some getting used to. Pictures look great on the screen and there are several ways to display them. The notes feature is acceptable, but the length limit is short, and I didn't find a way to organize the notes in the order I wanted and they can't be stored on a micro SD card. I didn't try the music feature or the voice commands feature (for which there are buttons on the side of the phone).

Well customer service was great with my refund but the phone was not so good. the battery drained and so i charged it and it had the charging screen on but the phone never came back on and so Iwas very disappointed but ,I told customer service what happened and then they issued me a full refund. so if you buy this phone watch it very carefully cause you only have 30 days to return it.

Came in awful condition, all chipped and trashy looking. The calibration is soo off I can hardly use it anymore

Downgrading from Samsung Galaxy S to cancel a seldom used data plan; I was looking for a phone primarily for calling, texting, playing music and taking pictures.  I've been using the phone for two months now.Pros:  Acceptable call quality, nice keypad, good battery lifeCons:  Horrible, horrible touch screen, cheap construction that is easily scratched and gouged, useless &#34;lock&#34; button on the side, menu system is mediocrePrevious phones tried:  HTC Droid Eris, Samsung Galaxy S, Motorola Droid XPrimarily due to the terrible touchscreen, I've had a miserable time with this phone.  Much of the interface, and almost all of the feature extras included with the phone depend on this touch screen, and getting that to function properly has been maddening.  The screen will either sense no touch, or completely misinterpret the input and register too many touches in all the wrong directions.  Tried the built-in calibration tool several times, never with any benefit.Dropped the phone onto the pavement once while getting into the car, a trivial plop to the ground.  Result - a surprising number of gouges and scrapes.  Both my other smart phones suffered ten times worse (at the hands of my two-year-old) with barely any scratches.  Gorilla glass this is NOT.Side button to lock the phone also UNLOCKS it if pressed two times, so pocket dialing is easy and frequent.  Little thought went into some of the design features.Two stars simply because it does function adequately as a phone.  The rest of the phone is worthless due to the poor touch interface.  Maybe others with the right fingers will have better luck.

Received the phone in apparent good condition but battery would not hold a charge. Contacted them and they shipped a new battery out without any problems. Unfortunately that battery was faulty as well. I attempted to trouble shoot the problem on my own by replacing the battery and chargers with OEM parts but it still would not hold a charge. I contact them to advise but they refused to do anything stating I am by far past the 90 day warranty (I was over by a few weeks) and they couldn't be sure I did not damage it even though I had already made a charging issue complaint with the company. They do not stand by the products they sell.

Absolutely love this phone so far! I got it to replace my LG Cosmos Touch which had already been replaced 3 times in the 12 months i'd had it (warranty finally ran out). I had to activate the 75MB data ($9.95/mo), but it's totally worth it! Granted, the phone is 3 years out of style, but it works like a gem.The absolute ONLY reason why I am taking one star is because the browsing is rather confusing to figure out. And who knows, maybe that's just me.

This is an excellent basic phone+.  Easy to use and many extra features not typically found on a phone in the price range.

With the advancement of technology, people continue to look to the most popular phones that are capable of doing functions that are completely mind blowing.  Who would have ever imagined technology would allow us to unfold a minicomputer from out of our back jean pocket?  However, even with the tasks of normality our phone offers to us, doesn't it ever feel to be to much? Don't you wish you didn't have to read the user manual to determine how to turn the phone on? Don't you wish you could opt into a cheaper monthly phone plan?  There are several basic feature phones to a Smartphone. Verizon's Samsung Rouge is a great user friendly phone and a great alternative to a smart phone.The Samsung Rouge is a touch screen slider with a slide out QWERTY keyboard connecting to a 3G network.  The Rouge's 3 mega pixel camera makes it fun to capture memories and with the memory expansion can store up to 16 GB of memory.  The Samsung Rouge is also just a touch to all of your favorite social engineered sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.  Though the phone is unable to access applications downloadable to the phone, it is able to access to features such as GPS Navigator, Rhapsody, Music streaming, Bluetooth capability, and many other useful tools to help simplify one's life.There are several pros to owning a Samsung Rouge.  The light touch screen with instant access to email, social sites, and music gives this phone a taste of having a Smartphone.  The QWERTY keyboard offers texting advances from earlier flip phone styles.  The phone is not only very easy to learn and use but is also very durable from the software and the hardware used to construct the phone.  The Samsung Rouge does not require a data plan in order to operate so it can essentially save families money on their Verizon bills.  The phone also operates on a sensor technology which allows it's users to maneuver an alarm clock snooze, control games, and slide through photo albums with a tilt of the screen.The downfalls of the Samsung Rouge is the phone is not operating on  4G network, so when accessing the web airtime will take a bit more to load thoroughly in comparison to a new Smartphone.  The phone accessories seem to break very soon after purchase.  The camera does have a delayed reaction so often cherished moments are lagging a few steps behind from the captured moment.  This phone model does not allow downloads of applications.The Samsung Rouge is a great multimedia phone.  It offers functionality of basic Smartphone without getting into the complexity of all the gadgets.  Voice control helps the phone keep drivers hands free in a call and the GPS Navigation can help to allow us to always find our way home.  The Samsung Rouge is a great user friendly phone allowing customers to save in their current monthly billings and still having a touch of a technically advanced features phone.

everywhere only wants to show u a smartphone, and all i want is a phone with a keyboard and no data. great purchase

I have had this phone for over 2 years. I absolutely love it. The only thing i can complain about is that when i first got it, it would randomly restart or freeze up and i would have to take out the battery. Those problems ended in about a month and it wasn't much of a deal. The battery life is great, it can last me 2-3 days depending on how much i use it. The texting has to be my favorite part, you can text from almost any screen. You don't have to go through all the different options to reply to a message which can be a pain sometimes. All you have to do is flip open the keyboard, type and go. I'm going to use this phone until i can't use it anymore. It sturdy, I've dropped it several times and it has had no problems. I have used the internet before and it works great, however it's definitely not like all the new fancy phones coming out. If you're looking for a long lasting, sturdy, reliable phone and not all those bells and whistles, it's perfect. I would definitely recommend it.

I went to the Verizon store and they couldn't give me a no contract plan with this phone. To be completely honest it is the Verizon programs that I didn't like because it made the phone too expensive to use. There are much better options available.

This is a good, reliable phone with just enough capability to be very useful but not so many bells & whistles that you're overwhelmed. I'm an older person who wanted a replacement for the Rogue my daughter got me, since I accidentally dropped it in the toilet-true story! I have become quite good at operating it. It's not a smartphone but I can get online if absolutely necessary. It doesn't tempt me to be on it doing everything all day and all night long. It doesn't enslave me!

Mine freezes alot and the screen cracked within the first 2 weeks and it wasnt even my falt it fell 6 inches and cracked the whole screen.  Overall its an ok phone.  good for texting

this is a great phone for those of you that are str8 on data plans, dnt need to be on the internet to the point u need access to it 24/7, and want a slick phone with touch screen. Ive read some bad reviews but this phone was great on my end. ordered it used and immediately ordered a brand new one upon recieving it so i can give the used one to my mother as she liked it as well. quick txt with the fast slide out qwerty, and very responsive touchscreen. the only negative i feel is its not micro usb, buti can get passed that easily. some may feel its quite bulky as well but not me,i like it, it feel like it will survive a couple of drops due to its size. hasnt dropped calls and through 14 hours of use lost 1 stick of battery out of 4(checking out features throughout the day, txting, taking several pics wiff my dog, but not str8 talk time). to sum it all up, great phone if youre not all hellbent on having the latest technology or needing internet all day everyday

I bought 2 of these and both broke just after the warranty period.  I bought one from JustCellular and they refused to help.  I would not buy another one of these phones nor would I ever deal with JustCellular again.

Happy Customer! The Samsung rogue is a Nice size phone and user-friendly. Just as described. Would recommend to others. Shipped out real quick!

Awful service along with an awful phone. The phone was all scratched up, and was not functional. It kept turning off by itself and the touchscreen was horrible to use. The seller also did not reply to TWO of my emails, so I wasn't really happy about that either.  Overall I had horrible service and I'm not happy to write about a bad review. Hope to get my refund soon.

WARNING!!! I have been using Amazon for years and this was my first awful experience. Do not buy anything from Just Cellular, their products are not as advertised. I purchased what was suppose to be a NEW Samsung Rouge (as listed in their description), yet when I got it in the mail it was quite clearly a refurbished phone, there were finger prints all over the phone including fingerprints inside the battery compartment, also it did not come with its original box or owner's manual. I contacted the company and they basically told me that it was a new phone and they get it from their distributor and they have to trust what the distributor says. I asked them if it was possible that the wrong phone could have been shipped, and if they could check their inventory and see if a NEW Samsung Rouge was available, and we can switch it out. She became very argumentative and said she had no way of checking that. When asked if I could speak with someone that might be able to, she stated and I quote "The only one you are allowed to talk to is me. If you don't want the phone send it back." I asked how long it would be to receive a refund, and once again she became very insulting and stated "We refund you when we get the phone back", I said I understand that but once you get the phone how long does it process a refund, and very rudely she mentioned "when we finish processing the refund, it could take up to three weeks." Quick to take your money, but not so quick to give it back when they don't meet you expeditions. Terrible customer service! They should not be trusted and should not be allowed to sell on Amazon, you have been warned.

I LOVE THIS PHONE! for what it is, a feature phone.  Get one on Amazon, if you can.  I have had mine for more than 2 years, and it takes great pictures, zooms, and even captures motion.  It is great for making and receiving calls, and even does a good job of surfing the internet and playing you tube videos.  It is by no means a "smart phone", but for the $10 data plan on Verizon, it meets all my needs.  Battery life is ok, but only good for about 2 days, or 1 day with heavy use.  It is 10X better than the Samsung Reality which replaced it.  I am stuck with Verizon in our area, and am waiting until they get a Samsung Windows 8 phone before I replace this.  I liked it so much I have a second one to use just in case I don't want to pay for an expensive data plan.

I didn't expect a perfect used phone. It had a couple scratches but this phone falls out of your hand easily. So all and all I'd say its in pretty good shape. The phone is cool itself, mine can't seem to connect to the internet but that's alright. All and all 3/5

The Samsung Rogue was my first experience with a touch screen phone and I quickly fell in love with it. It was fantastic! The touch screen, the slide-out keyboard, the camera was even superb. However, after a year or a year and a half my touch screen became defective. I would try and push something on the screen and it would push another button, and because it was touch screen and the way the keyboard was set up, there was no way to reset the calibration or perform any functions on the phone (text, call, answer, take pictures, use calendar, set alarm clock, etc.). I was so bummed because it really was a great phone! I did drop it a few times so I'm sure that didn't help, but how many of us let our phone slip through our fingers on accident once in a while? I didn't purchase the phone from this seller, mine was brand new, straight from Verizon, but I'm in the market of looking for a new cell phone and am discovering waves of different reviews on all kinds, so I thought I'd put in my two sense about this phone. If you want a quick phone (maybe as a replacement or something) this will do the job very well, but after awhile (and a few drops) it may no longer be as good of a friend.Pros:- Stylish- Great tools (calendar, alarm clock, etc.)- Awesome phone for texting- Camera fantastic- Good size (not too bulky or too small)- Touch screen accurate (when it worked...)Cons:- Stopped working correctly after about a year

my daughter loves this phone and the keyboard.  she insisted on getting this phone as a replacement for pantech garbage offered by verizon.  it has stood up well over time and has not had any problems with screen or keyboard.

I stressed waiting for this phone to arrive. It's replaced an updated model (the Samsung Reality), but so far I like this way better. There's a flash, so the pics are better, and texting is so easy. The condition of this phone is almost pristine, a great bonus!!

this dam pphone lasted me maybe 2 weeks before it broke not ever getting that kinda phone again #suckyphone :)

These phone are all use up its paint miss from both phone one  of the cell phone have a big scratch on the front screen of it.I CAN NOT BELIVE HE PUT THAT THESE PHONE WERE SATISFACTION no way I am so mad

My son really seems to like this.  We searched high and low for the smartest dumb-phone we could find.  He really liked this one so we picked it up.  So far after about a month of use he's pretty happy with it.  One of the things he really wanted was a great MP3 player.  Unfortunately this isn't as good as my Kin for playing MP3s but it's serviceable.  Unlike my Kin there are actually a few games on this phone so he likes that about it.  I was surprised to see how many smartphone features had been incorporated into this phone.  The ability to add shortcuts to the home screen is very smartphoneish and makes the phone easier to use.  He wishes he could add the music player as a shortcut to the desktop or add specific albums to the desktop but the phone doesn't support it.He has had the phone lock up multiple times.  It appears to happen a couple times a week at least.  He often turns the phone off rather than just silencing it when he's in a place he shouldn't receive a call so the phone gets rebooted regularly.  It's a bit surprising to me that it still crashes so often.You might wonder why I give it 4 stars despite these failings.  It's really because it's one of the best dumbphones I've seen.  Granted, compared to a Windows Phone, Android or iPhone this one doesn't even rate 2 stars but if you're trying to avoid the phone company's exorbitant monthly fees for the privilege of using a smartphone on their network then this is a good middle-ground. I like my Kin better than the Rogue (I'd give it 5 stars in the non-smartphone category) but my Windows Phone is FAR better than the Kin.

Good reliable phone. Works as advertised. Nice to find a reliable phone that is not required to have a data plan.

We wanted a simple, reasonably priced phone that was easy to text on, this phone does all that and at a great price.

three things:1.) the battery life sucks2.) the screen glitches if you text too much3.) the screen also breaks down after like 6 months

GOT THIS AND IT WORKED FOR A WEEK HAD A TON OF SCRATCHES ON SCREEN AND YOU COULD TELL IT HAD BEEN DOPED ALOT!  AND WHEN I GOT IT IT DIDNT HAVE THE CHARGER WITH IT!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OFF THEM UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIST YOU MONEY.... I DID THE REFUND AND NOW I HAVE TO WAIT UP TO 4 WEEKS TO GET MY MONEY I PAYED THAT THEY RECEIVED THAT DAY!!!!!!! VERY DISPLEASED. **** ID GIVE IT 0 STARS BUT I CANT****

great looking and everything BUT the one i got was defective -.-when i slide up the screen to use the QWERTY keybaord the keys P(/),M(?), the left arrow key do not work. i am ver sad about that and when i want to use those keys i have to close my phone and use the touch screen then slide it back up agian to continue using it. VERY ANNOYING. someimes restarts randomly. this is the last time i buy a cellphone on amamzon.

Overall, I really like this phone! It's just that it's an older phone, so it's kinda out of date. The touchscreen is sorta hard to press at first, especially compared to modern smartphones. But after a while of use it's not bad! The thing I dislike the most about it is that it does not have T9word for the QWERTY board, which I like to use as an autocorrect, and it does not automatically capitalize &#34;I&#34; or other proper nouns/names. The keyboard on the touchscreen is in ABC form, not QWERTY form like on most touchscreens. But overall, I really like this phone and would recommend it to anyone who wants a touchscreen but isn't looking for a smartphone!

I know this is now an older phone but I have liked it so much that I have no plans to upgrade.  It is very user friendly.  Touch screen works well even with a protector film on it.  Camera has a lag.  Slow on internet so I just use it as a phone.  Would be great for an older person or a kid who does not surf the web.  Never had any freeze issues as some others have stated - got mine directly from Verizon new.  When ordering on Amazon, you don't always know where stuff comes from.

This is a decent phone that has widgets that get you on the internet. It is one of the last phones to not have that mandatory 30 dollar data package that makes your cellphone bill sky high.....

In my opinion this phone was the last good non smartphone verizon offered so when mine broke I had to get another one. The only thing is the "refurbished" one that i have has a problem with "s" key on the keyboard.

The phone was advertised as new.  When it  came.  It looked OK, not new, but looked packaged well.  When we plugged it in there was no response from the phone.  We couldn't even charge it up.  The company did treat me well though.  I was able to get my card refunded and when I complained about paying the postage for its return they even paid for the return postage.

When i first got my rogue other people had trouble hearing me thought it was there phone but after 2 weeks of it people could not here me at all plus the phone charger was not good had to buy new charger also, So I went out to radio shack pick out a new phone out  for 49.95 with a 2 year contract and now i should be all set first time buying off amazon like this I bet its my last time used phone 65.00 new charger 10 bucks spent 75.00 new phone with new charger 49.00 u do the math

I've had this phone for 2 years and it has always been solid for me.  Never had any problems.  The only thing I've noticed is when I'm surfing the web, sometimes if a website overloads it, the phone will restart.  However, I don't consider this a flaw because many phones have been known to do that.  I've dropped it many times and it has never broken.  I really like the slide out keyboard and the option for touch screen when I feel like it.  It's nice to be able to pick and choose when to use the keyboard and when to use the touch screen.  Not every phone lets you do that.  All around, it's solid and I'm satisfied.

There was a small ding on the screen and a scratch on the side, but besides that the phone looked great. The only problem i've had with it so far is the battery life. it isnt as good as my old new rogue but i guess i cant really complain since everything else is functioning well.

I got this phone almost 6 months ago, and I absolutely loved it at first. But about a month after having it the S on the keyboard went wack and would type all of the letters in the row of the S. And as time went on more buttons do it on my keyboard & when I push one button it does another buttons work.. So I can't use the keyboard, thankfully there's the keyboard on the screen!Otherwise, I love this phone. The keyboard thing annoys me though.

Downgrading from a smart phone to this, I'm going to feel the loss, however, it does the job. Minor, annoying things, like the screen won't stay in during a call so that you can mash numbers (as is pretty standard for calls to anything but a friend these days), and the flash on the camera doesn't work... If I take away my spoiled rotten, it's actually a good phone and serves the purpose I purchased it for. Timely delivery. Thank you.

My wife wanted a phone that was a Swiss army knife, but didn't need a smart phone. After much research, I found the Rogue. This device has so many bells and whistles on it plus a slide-out keyboard. Beautiful interface, takes voice commands and easy to set up (comes with a wizard that holds your hand.)Got a case for it for protection and don't think it will require an extra battery. It seems to last a while.Not a heavy phone, but not light either. Feels like you're holding a phone, not a toy. I like it.Nice camera and a dedicated voice command (hard) button. Like the fact that the app dock can hide if you want it to. The four icons on the bottom of the display stay there, but the side dock that scrolls can disappear at a click.Very bright and colorful display - easy to see. Highly customizable. She loves it.

Phone works well, no complaints.  It is nice to be able to buy these from amazon as Verizon only sells crappy basic phones now.I have also saved money as I no longer pay for the insurance every month, because I know I can just go on amazon and find a phone that is better, and costs only as much as the deductible.Texting is great, with no problems, and gets a massive work out as this is my 13 year olds phone.  Camera works well.

Can this be use without a contrast & just pay like a prepaid phone like Metro PCS like paid 50$$ a month??? This phone seem 2good 2b true :) I like it but I wanna make a choice b4 anything... Any help out

Well...when i bought this phone, It kept shutting off when you close the keyboard. Didn't pay no mind to it at first. Then it got to where it would not come on at all. Didn't even have it a month. Who ever had this phone didn't take care of it. Not very honest in your ad. won't buy from you again. Amazon marketplace keeps this up, I won't buy from any of it other than amazon itself. People need to get their ads state with what they are selling and be honest. Why rune a good site like amazon with the junk that people want to sell and pass off as a good item on the marketplace.

This was for our son and he loves it.  He especially likes the touch screen along with the flip out keypad.  We've only had it since Christmas but so far, so good.  We did have trouble syncing his contacts.  Haven't figured that one out yet.

The back on the device was impossible to slide off and on.  Maybe it was just that phone but the rest of the design wasn't any better.  There were so many &#34;too sensitive&#34; buttons on the sides that it made handling the device too  difficult.  I sent it back.

I bought this phone from MobileSpree and it is awesome!! I have no complaints on the phone whatsoever it is exactly how I imagined :). Definitely would buy from MobileSpree again!!

I liked this phone when I had it.  The screen was amazing, especially when I got it in 2010.The keyboard was nice as well, makes text messaging easy.Only complaints were:- Shorter than expected battery life.  It was fine early in the ownership, but deteriorated quickly to the point where I had to charge it mid way through the day to keep it going until bed time.- Glitchy (if that's a word).  It often froze up on me.  This came and went; it didn't change with the age of the phone.  Sometimes, it just froze up, other times it would run for several days without an incident.

this phone works great, its easy to use and perfect for texting, naviagting the web, and is equipit with a great cmaera and lots of features. i would recomended

I buy this phone because i use to have the same before and is pretty good is like the seller say on the post i don't know why has bad reviews for me work perfectly fine come with the wall charger and plastic to protect the screen i haven't see any scratch is like new i'm very happy with my purchase, i didn't have any problem with the activation i call Verizon wireless and they help me that was easyi check everything on the settings and tools and is all good and best is,you don't need those high cost data plans from Verizon great phone buy one and enjoyed thank you Neo's  phone store.

My daughter bought this phone and loved it.......for a week.  After that, it wouldn't charge.  We bought new cords, new batteries but nothing helped.  We even bought a used rogue to use as a charger but even that one won't charge.  Save your money and buy a different phone.

It was cheaper than buying a phone from Verizon and was a good pick for a pay as you go phone. And before I wanted a smart phone it was good because it was touch screen with a keyboard as well but still like the older phones.
