
you do need to buy a straight talk phone in order to use this card, but the price is right

Get the phone card or minutes right from Straight talk, or go to walmart to get a card, at $45.00 for a card, no shipping and handling.  It is $50.00 at amazon not included Shipping and handling, which they have listed as 3 to 4 more dollars.

My Straight Talk Experience was &#34;straight&#34; from hell! I have spent the last two days talking with customer service trying to get my phone to register the reserve plan I added on line. To make things worse, 200 of the minutes I spent talking with customer service were deducted from minutes I purchased. Everyone I spoke to insisted that I call back on another phone to resolve my problem. I did not realize that when I signed up for Straight Talk, I would be expected to have at least two phones in order for them to be willing to help me.Yesterday, I was talking on my Straight Talk phone when it beeped and displayed a message that I only had 7 minutes of talk time left. No problem, I thought. I went on line and activated my reserve plan. I got a message that my order was processed and printed the order summary. But then I noticed that my phone did not recognize the updated plan. I still had only 7 minutes of talk left. I spent those 7 minutes speaking to customer service about the problem and they kept insisting that I call them back on another phone. I kept repeating that I had no other phone. That used up the 7 minutes and the phone went dead in the middle of speaking to customer service. I then tried to resolve the problem using on line customer service but they just told me I had to call customer service.As I have stated before, I have no other phone. I decided to go to the nearest Straight Talk retailer which was the Walmart store at 18551 North 83rd Avenue, Glendale, AZ 85308. I asked if I could use their phone to talk to Straight Talk customer service. Even though I bought the phone directly through Straight Talk and not through Walmart, the employee at the walmart Wireless boutique was gracious enough to let me use their phone. I spent 10 minutes punching in perhaps 100+ digits in &#8220;codes&#8221; on my phone dictated to me by the customer service representative, which did not solve the problem. Then I was put on hold waiting to speak to a supervisor. After waiting for 30 minutes, I realized that no supervisor was ever going to speak to me and I did not want to tie up Walmart's customer service desk phone any longer, so I finally hung up.. Then I got the lady working in the wireless boutique to call StraightTalk on my behalf. After about 15 minutes talking to Straight Talk, she was able to get 1000 minutes added to my phone but the end service date remained the same as on my old contract. I had only 3 service days left.Today, I called Straight Talk customer service again. I spoke to multiple representatives, including two supervisors at the Straight Talk customer service center in Cebu, Phillippines. The supervisors were Cherry Delmar and Raymond somebody. Both of them talked me in circles for about 175 Straight Talk minutes. They kept insisting I call back on another phone. I kept saying that I had no other phone, that I already had called them on Walmart's phone the day before without resolving the problem. I told them I refused to drive back to Walmart to use their phone again as that would be further abuse of me as a customer and to Walmart who had no obligation to let me use their phone since I had not purchased the phone through Walmart. I praised Walmart as being the only entity that had given me any help at all and they were under no obligation to help me. They were only doing it to be nice. Plus, why should I be asked to repeat what I had already gone to a lot of trouble to do yesterday. It didn't work yesterday so I saw no reason to have to repeat the same thing that already had been demonstrated not to work. They just kept repeating that I had to call back on another phone before they would help me. They must have repeated this some 50 to 60 times. It was unbelievable!!!!! I kept asking WHY they could not help me some other way. FINALLY, Raymond conceded to dictate to me the 4 codes that I had to type in to my phone, a total of 102 digits. I wrote down the codes, hung up on Raymond and entered the codes as instructed. Voila, my updated reserve plan finally was registered on my phone. Yay, I now had another month to plan my escape from Straight Talk and keep my same phone number.I am beyond disgusted by this whole experience. First of all, why didn't the on line update of my reserve plan work? Why is the customer expected to have an alternate phone in order to address Straight Talk's inability to process my on line transaction? Why do customers have to enter 102 digits of &#8220;codes&#8221; to correct the problems? Why were the customer service representatives, their supervisors, and their supervisor's supervisors so resistant to helping me in any way that deviated from their prepared script. Why did I have to fight SO HARD just to get them to tell me the stupid codes so my phone would finally work? Why were they so insistent on only telling me the codes on another phone?So far no one has apologized to me or offered me any compensation for the abuse I have received at the hands of Straight Talk Customer Service. Perhaps something on the order of free phone service for some period,  say 6 months, is in order? I don't know. I just know that Straight Talk views their customers as idiots and their customer service reps are  amazingly steadfast in not accommodating customers in any way.Oh! I didn't even mention how I managed to even get a customer service representative without being hung up on. When asked by a computer-generated voice to state the number I was calling about, I found that if I stated my number it would reply that I should call back in 15 minutes and hang up on me. This happened three times in a row. The fourth time I decided not to reply with my number. Instead I used the nonsense phrase &#8220;blah blah blah.&#8221; Literally. And the voice would repeat the question 3 times so I would have to say &#8220;blah blah blah&#8221; three times. Only then was I put through to a human. I had to use the &#8220;blah blah blah&#8221; trick every time I called after that.  This meant I had to go through the menus and then repeat &#8220;blah blah blah&#8221; three times for every call. And I must have called them at least 30 times during my ordeal.

Amazing price and quick service for the price. i hope this was not a one time ordeal because if not I plan on using it again

Not sure except to make money why it's so much more than offered from wal-mart or straight talk. But I needed it and had to use amazon prime account so it was worth it to me.

I transitioned from a contract service to Straight Talk. They transferred my number and my reception has been much better than before at half the price. The switch was virtually seamless.

Just follow instructions on website and it is activated very fast; almost instantaneously.  Also, card is easy to use by just entering in the code .

Good for people that can't afford to pay $50 a month on cards that come straight from ST good buy

Great service and the best company for unlimited services. has alot of good options like bring your own phone and international calling as well as home services. Have had them over 4 years andc has never had any issues or problems with them at all great customer service as well. VERY RECOMMENDED

The plan and service are great, but since Straight Talk is through WalMart it is far cheaper to purchase a card while in their store.  They lease the airtime you use from all the major carriers so you have signal everywhere but I would not purchase it at this price.  You can even get 90 day cards from WalMart too.  They give you 20$ off if you buy it from them.  So I can not understand why someone would buy a service card from here when it will cost you extra for shipping.  Add the fact that the card I purchased had the number scratched already makes the whole process of buying it online very fishy.  You have been warned.  If you get a card that is not active or has already been used can't say I didn't tell you.

The email option was very fast and I was up and running with talk text time in a quick few minutes! Awesome I recommend it definitely. The service Straight Talk  and awesome workable [without a commitment of 2 years] service, thanks Straight Talk!

The card says $45 on the front which, I think, means the price is $45.  What is the deal with the upcharges plus huge shipping fees....not a good deal at all when you can pick up one at WalMart for the  price shown, the only upcharge being 75 cents for the infamous 911 fee.

I usually use ReadySim cards on visits to the United States, but I tried StraightTalk because I am on a longer visit and wanted to be able to keep the same phone number for several months. Unfortunately, when I called to renew my account after the first month, I was unable to do so. They will not accept credit cards --even US credit cards -- with Canadian billing addresses. I am going back to ReadySim, which also allows data tethering -- if I can't keep my number, there's no advantage to StraightTalk.

I was able to bring my phone and get service, but never got the data plan I paid for.  I gave up and switched to AT&T.  My daughter never even got her phone service started but they started the 30 days.  That's the last dollar they'll ever steal from me.

Can someone please provide a logical answer as to why one would purchase a $45 service plan for $55?  This is being sold for ten dollars more than it's worth.  Buy it at face value at Walmart, or on the Straight Talk website.

Sure, it can be a hassle to get the right APN for data/sms/etc. if you are bringing your own phone. BUT YOU GET TO BRING YOUR OWN PHONE! From practically anywhere! GSM, CDMA, just call them first to check and see which carrier's towers they mainly use in your area, then buy an off-contract phone from eBay or Craiglist at a fraction of the usual cost. Go to their site and get the APN, or do a little Googling if that doesn't work right. I've had a few niggles here and there with that, but given the AMAZING COST for just as good of service as the T-Mobile I paid TWICE AS MUCH FOR for 12 years, it's totally worth the effort. I stayed away for so long because I was skeptical about the coverage and all the horrible customer service reviews; I seriously have no idea what anyone is talking about. I have had all English-speaking (not to be racist, but I heard a lot of complaints about the contrary), VERY helpful and kind customer service agents with incredible hours, almost till midnight! And yeah, slight bummer that their International coverage is limited or non-existent, but for someone like me who hardly ever leaves, that's not a big deal at all. I can't say enough good things about Straight Talk. I just wish I had gone with them sooner. :)

This was a great deal for these minutes. Its really hard to find discounts on straight talk minutes any where.

I don't know why people are bitching about Straight Talk. I bought a AT&T compatible micro Sim card and $45 unlimited plan for my unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I am also on contract With AT&T. I only bought a Straight Talk $45 plan and sim just to try it for 30 days. I'm getting 3G and 4G on my phone. Now it isn't AT&T's 4G LTE but it is AT&T's 3G and 4G I'm getting. Now I have a unlocked phone so I don't get LTE anyway. If you go on Straight Talks website now you will see they are sailing AT&T compatible 4G LTE Sim cards. I've had no problems out of them right now. Yes I do know it isn't unlimited you get 2GB  of data before you get kicked down to 2G. But I'm on WiFi a lot so I'm ok with it. With me my mom and brother on a AT&T plan I'm paying $224 to $230 a month. Its for 700+ minutes, unlimited text, and 6GB  of data for the AT&T plan I have. I think $200 and up is to much so that's way I'm trying Straight Talk for 30 days. So about $50 each it will be around $150. I will save $70. I like what I've seen so far from Straight Talk.

I decided to divorce AT&T; for one of my phones and switch from iPhone to Android.  I was having serious data connectivity problems (data actually works less than 20% of the time when needed and now it isn't working at all).I am not a huge data hog, I don't stream movies and when I stream music, it is via wi-fi.  Still, my data connectivity has been stopped.I decided to call them - no luck getting through.  Then I decided to go on a forum for straight talk wireless and this is a complete joke.  The one thing you will see is a ton of people having the same problem and not getting resolution.  They want to take the issue "offline" and anything you post needs to be moderated before it goes live (not much of a forum is it if they don't trust you??)I cannot in good conscience recommend this service to anyone UNLESS maybe you were only making phone calls.  Can I just say how horrible it is.No data for two days, no resolution.  I'm going back to AT&T; where I can talk to a real person ... better yet, I don't need a real person because their plans just work.Crazy!Update:  7/3 - made the seamless switch back to AT&T; with my Nexus 4 off contract.  Porting the number back to AT&T; was not a big hassle.  I could never in conscience recommend straight talk to anyone using data!

No problems what so ever.  And I loved not having to make an extra trip to the store to buy it.

Its advantages are that it comes electronically, thereby saving you the expense of spending gas to get there, which would be especially useful if you live at a great distance from one. It also will save you the sales tax, if your state has one. The only problem I ever had with Straight Talk is when I needed an actual LIVE person! Other than that, it's great..

If I could give a negative number score I would.  straight talk may be cheep but you get what you pay for,no contract and no  customer service. I have stayed with them simply cause I cant afford ATT. I finally asked straight talk to just send me the book with all the scripted answers they give so I can find them on my own and wont have to call anymore, they apologized that I felt that way and offered to release my number to another carrier. I don't think they care about their customers as they have our money already.

I have never had some much trouble with a company. First, the ST salesman at WM told me to get a phone and activate a few days before my contract was up with another company (United Wireless) Glad I didn't, I would have got nailed with a $175 early termination few. Then I order a ST phone from WM and the battery is defective. On Sat,3-7-14, I tried activating my phone with my phone number from United Wireless. I have been told repeatedly that my phone should start working. I called Monday, they told me it should start working soon. This goes on for several days.On Wed, 3-12, my phone number is still not connected and I need to return my defective phone. I get a new phone and try registering the phone and hope to finally get my phone. I am going on vacation with a cell as my only means of communication.  It was NOT connected for my whole trip.  After numous calls AGAIN, it seems that my phone is finally connected to the correct number.After 1 week of good service, my phone is deactivated for no reason. I get it restarted and the next day,the 2nd ST phone I got is ALSO defective. I need to return this one. On Sat, 3-29 my 3rd ST phone arrives. I try to activate by getting my current phone number. This process goes quickly, only to find out she gave me a whole new #! I call AGAIN to get my number and I am told that my number is no longer available. However, if I take the phone that I bought online at ST.com and bring it to Walmart to get rescanned in, that will solve the problem. SERISOULY! I didn't buy the phone there. I continue to hang up on your customer service and eventually get someone who connects my 3rd ST phone to my current phone number.Today, I get a reminder from ST to refill my monthly minutes....I had about 10 days of service!!!!!!!  My phone went live on Wed 3-19. What a joke!

Who in your right mind will pay 55 dollars for a 45 dollar refill card?Is there something that Im missing? does it come with a pack of cigarettes?I rather walk to the corner store and get it for 45 dollars but as for the service is ok on the AT&T; side, you get 2.5 gb of data of LTE 4G and then when you pass your data they bring you down to 2G which it sucks but still have data but I never go over because most of the time I'm on WIFI, I don't know about T-Mobile side.

We use Straight Talk. It's a great service. This card can be bought for $45 at walmart stores. Unlimited texting, data and calls. Unrealistic price here.

Took a chance and got this, worked like a charm and was completed within just a few hours. Completely Satisfied.

Every time I need airtime I always go through that place. It's the best store on amazon!!! Top notch every time, recommend them 10-10 times hands down!!!

Why are people selling these for way over FACE VALUE????  Ridiculous.  No way I'm paying over $45 for it.  Get real.

Hi rcvd the code via email the day i purchased it and it took me a couple of days to get my new phone, but once i did card activated with no probelm. yes a little more than store or online purchase but for convenience price is good.

Even better price! This was/is a great deal, this is how I plan to pay my bill from now on.

This card worked just like it does if you get it from the store not sure what to say lol

I love the plan, it works well. I'd give it a 5 star, but twice I've had to call in to find out why I couldn't get on the net. It was fixed quickly, but had to use another phone to talk to customer support in order to do so. Also, lots of texts advertising to get on the auto pay plan, as well as updates a week in advance, then a few days in advance then a day in advance to pay for the next 30 days.Other then those annoyances, the plan works just fine. I've been using this service for about 2 years now and it great.

Try Consumer Cellular instead.I should have heeded all the negative reviews about Straight Talk. Because Walmart carries this, I figured it would be consumer-friendly because Walmart actually vetts their sources. If you happen to do all the procedures right for a new SIM card, you may be lucky and get some service and be oblivious to the bad system underneath.If you don't fully understand their procedures (which are not always worded clearly), and you make a mistake, then need to call "Customer Service" to get it corrected, then your misery will begin.I bought the $45.00 service as a "test" to see how it worked. After paying for the SIM card too, I am now out BOTH the $45.00 and the cost of the SIM and "Customer Service" will not give me my money back or give me the service which I never used.There is much detail to this story, and if asked, I will update it with the cronology, but safe to say that some SIM cards that are sent to you may already be "activated" and they expect you to use it immediately - even though they don't tell you this.Even though there was no usage of my SIM card, they took my money and will not give it back and will give no credit to the account. When I asked them who had activated the SIM card, they didn't know, they said they couldn't retrieve those records. When I asked them to look and see that there had been NO phone calls or usage on the SIM, they said they didn't know and couldn't retrieve the records. With so little access to records that would PROVE that the SIM was never used, their operation looks like a one-way set up - to their advantage. They can't help you resolve the problem in your favor because there are "no records".BTW: Straight Talk is owned by TracFone which is a massive Mexican company, owned by the world's wealthiest man.See Wikipedia's page on TracFone:"TracFone Wireless, Inc. is a prepaid wireless service provider that operates as a Mobile Virtual Network Operator "MVNO" in the United States, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands, TracFone Wireless offers its products and services under the TracFone, NET10 Wireless, Straight Talk, SafeLink Wireless, Telcel Am&eacute;rica, Simple Mobile, and Page Plus Cellular brands. TracFone Wireless is subsidiary of Mexico's largest telecommunications company Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil and operates as an MVNO, holding multiple agreements with the United State's largest wireless operators to provide service utilizing their wireless networks, these include Verizon Wireless, AT&T; Mobility, Sprint Corporation, T-Mobile US, and U.S.""Telcel Am&eacute;rica phones are in no way compatible with Mexico's Telcel wireless network and services. Telcel Am&eacute;rica is a brand of TracFone Inc. in the United States, while Telcel in Mexico is a fully owned subsidiary of TracFone's parent company, Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil. Both companies are owned by the world's wealthiest person as of 2013, Mexican businessman Carlos Slim."There are 11 pages of "Terms and Conditions" sent to you. If there is an expiration date buried in there somewhere, I don't know because I'm switching to Consumer Celluar. My wife has Consumer Cellular and is happy. They give discounts for AARP members and you can sign up for AARP on their web site. You can get "granny" plans for as little as $10.00 to $15.00 and full plans with data at less than StraightTalk prices. My wife was on the phone with them and they were helpful.You've been warned.

If you want to spend 50 dollars for a 45 dollar card, I have 1 dollar bills for sale for $1.25. All you want.

Color me stupid...but why would I want to pay $55 for a $45 card?  what additional advantage do I get for purchasing a card like this?

My 5 star review is for Straight Talk's service. Bar none, if you have an unlocked or off contract phone, Straight Talk is the least expensive way to get unlimited talk, text and data (capped at 2.5 GB at 4G, and 2G after that... with no way to add more high speed data).As far as the &#34;service&#34; the Market Place seller is providing, you are paying more for them taking the time to drive to WalMart and buy the card. Then you get the added insult of paying shipping.Save yourself some money. Go buy your card from WalMart, Target or other location. You don't need to buy this from Amazon's Market Place.BTW, the pricing is not Amazon's doing, the price is set by the Market Place sellers who are listing these. Amazon is not an authorized Straight Talk prepaid reseller, so the Market Place sellers fill the void.

I love this phone card.  It is a great price for Unlimited Plan.  I am happy with the timely manner it came in.

Straight Talk is a joke. Honestly, I don't even think they deserve 1 star, I'd rather go with a score of 0 or something in the negatives. &#34;Unlimited Data&#34; is definitely NOT unlimited, and customer service is horrid. My husband has had no data for 2 months and they refuse to do anything about it even though he has not violated their terms and conditions. We have spoke to them several times and done all troubleshooting they have asked, but they still do not keep their promise to turn his data back on. It has gotten to the point where they hang up on us when we call for assistance. It's a crock and you do not get the service you are paying for.

Another way to pay then having to go to wal mart or deal with the straight talk website or the phone :)

Do your homework before purchase of this product.  Make sure you have adequate signal strength where you wish to use it.  Bought a Samsung smartphone and service card, and found that there wasn't enough service at home (rural) to operate the phone.  The retailer accepted the phone back for a refund, but Straight Talk refuses to credit the card.  Result:  I'm out the $45 cost of the card.  The problem is, you can't determine lack of service at your address until you activate the phone using the service card.  Net result is poor "customer service"!  My response from Straight Talk was, basically, tough .....!

I purchased a micro sim card online for my iPhone 4 as this was no longer available through Walmart or the Straight Talk web site. I installed this micro sim card in my Iphone and activated the $45 30 day service card online. I was contacted by Straight Talk customer service department and they arranged a three way call with my existing provider (AT&T;) to switch to Straight Talk. This transition happened seamlessly and I had my number ported over. My cell phone and internet service is as good as AT&T; at less than 1/3 of the price. Cell phone reception and call quality and internet is on par with my AT&T; service. Consistently high quality  calls and internet speed seems to be faster. I would highly recommend this service in lieu of the unlimited phone, text and data plan offered by AT&T.; I expect to save over $1,000 over the next 12 months.Straight Talk $45 30 Day Service Card

Well there is no reason why people would need to spend ten dollars extra for this phone card.The phone card does work, but it's a bad price. I ordered it and received it a few days later in the mail.Straight talk service is okay, depending on where you live and if you have the ATT service or Tmobile.

Straight Talk $45.00 a month card states Unlimited everything. NOT TRUE !!! Straight Talk has shut off my internet access because my Smart Phone has too many updates. I think they need to let people know that it is NOT Unlimited !!!

Wallmart is far so I was excited to find this, but there is no SIM, so it doesn't much help.

Straight talk is awesome reduced my cell phone bill by more than 50% and no contract. I have unlimited everything and it works great.

Avoid Straight Talk at all cost if you are porting an existing number. We purchased the SIM card package that included one months service for our new Galaxy 3 phone and were told by Straight Talk there was no problem keeping our old number. At first all seemed well with the on line activation. We were led to believe it would take just hours to port our old number, 2 days later and after several phone calls, still NO service.We kept getting different stories from people who could barely speak or understand English. After FIVE days, numerous calls and many broken promises, we were told the number could not be ported. I called my existing carrier, AT&T;, who really tried to help, and made a conference call with Straight Talk. The AT&T; rep said the number had been released and the straight talk rep said we would have service within a few hours, guaranteed!TWO DAYS later we were informed by Straight Talk that the number could not be ported because the SIM card was for T-Mobile, not AT&T;, even though T-Mobile was not mentioned on the SIM card package nor was it ever mentioned in the dozen calls previously made to Straight Talk.By now we had enough and told them to cancel the port. They offered no refunds, neither did Wal-Mart even though we never received service. We went back to a REAL phone company, AT&T; where people speak English and you are treated with respect and service.UPDATE 9/15/2013:We went to our AT&T; store today and got both phones up and running in minutes by a pleasant, English speaking, sales girl. What a difference!

CAUTION!!!!  There is no way for them to refund any of your money.  Even if they mess up and over charge you.Ordered the phones, chips and $45 plan from them online.  Oh they shipped it fast.  One phone would not hold a charge for longer then 4 hours, and the other one had a broken chip.  It took 2 WEEKS to get the info to send the phone back, then 1.5 WEEKS to get then to send a replacement phone, NOT fast shipping this time.  Only after over 20 phone calls to get them to do their damn job.  Every single operator gave different anwsers.  The chip, oh they will mail a new one, standard USPS - 3-5 DAYS for the chip to get here.  Until then the phone is a paperweight.Absolutly crap customer service.  I'm so pissed I swapped off my crap AT&T; plan.  But at least they worked.I did not do any of this on Amazon, so in this case this is just 100% straight talk I'm reviewingIf it sounds to good to be true......Update after 2 months usage.  I have gone back to AT@T.  this absolutely the worst thing I have ever done with my phones.We finally got a chip back and put it in the phone they told us to put it in.  3 weeks later my phone drops dead.  Why, oh the chip went in the wrong phone, straight talk dropped my number and my plan.  And there is nothing they can do to fix it but have me buy ANOTHER plan.  They did credit our account the 1 month for all the issues.  But 1 week later they charged it all over again.  When we called to talk about that we find out there is absolutely no one at straight talk who can refund your money.

1) there's an activation fee.2) you are paying for the luxury of having is delivered to your own home rather than go to a store and buy it.On a different note, regarding the unlimited data, it is blatantly stated on the cards on the Straight Talk website that there is a 2gb limit, and then your speeds are slowed down; NOT SHUT OFF LIKE PEOPLE SAY. they're just lowered to the next slower service, 3G/2G depending on where you live.

Needed airtime when I got the new phones and switched providers. These cards worked great and I love Straight Talk.

hi i ordered a phone card from them and they was very quick on sending me the pin number for the card within 2 days i had my pin and my phone service was added.  they was very professional and very helpful on helping me out so quickly, if you know anyone who needs a phone card or text books i would tell them to use them to order it

Straight talk "unlimited" data they cut you off claiming you used to much data but when you ask how much you use they send you to a recording!!!! DO NOT BUY THEY WILL CUT YOUR DATA OFF AT ANYTIME!!!

First of all, they use TFW, tracfone 3G network. Speed wise, 3~6Mbps when bars are full, in my office, &#60;0.2Mbps... because location. Text and stuff works but I can't really tell difference as I don't use them much.Here's the bad part and my advices.1. Don't use credit card to charge your phone on their website. As a software engineer, their system is horrible! omg, I can't believe a tech company has such level of technical incompetency. They were not able to append the new service after your current service ends (they provide you the option, but it does not work, not for me). Secondarily, I do not trust them to keep my credit card info, big no no!2. Customer service sucks, if you want to talk to real person, don't ever agree to reactive the service. first foreign dude no idea what he's talking about and transferred me right away, I like him, at least he knows he's incompetent and not wasting anymore of my time. Second foreign girl talked super fast, final able to reactive my phone on the day I paid for the recharge, not the previous service end date, and keep giving me excuse like that's how system is setup, I just hung up... I only lost about few days, so, no biggy.I'm quitting it after this month.

Newsbeat Epicenter[...]To potential Straight Talk consumers: Straight Talk is a con artist company playing bait and switch with it's customers. Due to bad customer complaints we tested this company.We bought expensive Android phones and their $45 a month "unlimited" service plans. Within 60 days they throttaled us down twice, cut off our data entirely, ripped us off of about $90 we never recovered from. And finally they sent  software to our phones to stop us from going online and we cannot upload anything at Google Play or elsewhere. And Straight Talk says they did all this because we used too much data. Too much? All our $45 plan cards we purchesed said the services were "unlimited". And considering we made no more than 2 phone calls a month, used no texts at all and only listened to a radio show 2 hours 3 times a week they say we used up our "unlimited" service and then some. Yes people, Straight Talk's "unlimited" plan is very much limited.  Horror stories are all over the internet about this company. Pay great attention to the other complaints against this company.

Gets great coverage in my area hell I have problems with at&t but not with straight talk :) and the price just can't be beat!

The card came promptly and was just as described.  It worked fine.  No issues.  Not much more to say.  I would recommend this to others who use Straight Talk.

I had to wait three hours to get new phone on straight talk today after receipt was not properly scanned at Wal-Mart.

i ordered this card to day and received i today. i was not expecting to get it so soon.i called straight talk to activate the card,they had me on hold for a while. so i went on line and activated the card without any problems. i set the apn and got h+ data speed on my phone.h+ is faster than 3 g.i am very happy with the straight talk phone card. i am also very satisfied with the timely manner which i received my card.  thanks

Phickey64 gets 1000% feed back. My item showed up next day and he e-mailed his personal number with the best support ive ever had.

ok, i ordered this and here's the situation...it's for real, significantly less for unlimited talk/text and 3gigabytes of data (after you hit your 3 gigs of 4G data it still allows 2G, meaning it doesn't shut off your data)....all for $45 plus very minimal taxesNOW, that said, i gave only 4 stars because you need to go to various web pages to input your data, and it's a bit of an obstacle course, HOWEVER...while the website hung me up switching my nokia 1020 over from att to straighttalk, i called and a very savvy tech rep (if somewhat accented, making it a bit touchy to understand at times) got me through the entire process.this is NOT a scam. and the $52 or whatever cost includes a month of $45 service, PLUS your sim card to switch over...so definitely NO overcharge here!!! when i went from tmobile to att, att charged me $36 JUST for the privilege of having them switch me, plus another $10 or so charge for a 'service change'...NONE of that done here.but be aware, you NEED to order the correct sim card for your phone, and be pretty on top of things while inputting the various sim card/etc. numbers they will ask you for...but very doable. for switching a phone number/and phone from another company, you need your account no. from the other company plus your pin...and you are ready to go.might be a bit of work for a few hours, but there is NOwhere you can get a rate like this! they are a reseller of service on the major company equipment, so you are getting the same service you are already paying more for elsewhere.that's the truth on this company...very glad i went over.

service was apt in time. but could have cut down on courier charges its not worth at all when i am getting the code on request

It was nice for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it as a gift and she was very happy

When I tried to cancel this order it wouldn't go through.  They also said they either refill your card, or send the refill code. But that didn't happen either.  I didn't get what paid for and I didn't get my money.  These people are thieves in the truest sense.

My only beef , is that I couldn't get to a Walmart , so I had not choice but to order from here . So I paid $ 10 . more than I wanted .

Thanks so much 5 star will definitely buy again!  Had phone minutes added very quickly.  It was very nice having the minutes added for me.

The product I bought did just as I thought it was. It work as expected and I always use the product. The calling cards do everything I expect them to do.

thanks i got it on july 11th same time bothes 2 refill cards... my mistake it accident fews days ago or last weeks ..
