
Awesome phone. Wished it could have been more clear that it wasnt sim card useable. But it was shipped and delivered at awesome speed, everything was in A+ condition and new. Wrapping was what I would have expected. The phone is a good choice, with the accept ion it wasn't sim card useable. So, I had to send it back... :(. But I would definitely shop this seller again. They refunded me,without hesitation. The only reason I rate it a four,is because Its not sim crad accessible. Other than that it would have been a five in my category.

Product was received in a timely manner, hooked it up fine. When i made my first call, the other end could not hear me. I tried to turn up the volume and I thought I had it up all the way.  Next calls were all the same. I don't know if the microphone is faulty or what, but the point is the phone doesn't work properly.

I went from the curve to this, and the features were less friendly, except the camera is a whole lot better than the curve. This phone came out in 2009, so the technology is lacking. The battery was a test battery and I had to replace it immediately, adding a $45 dollar battery. I could have gotten a much better phone for the final cost of this product.

Blackberry 8330 Verizon Silver(CDMA Only)8330 Verizon phone purchased from The OEM Planet. Accessories were all used. Cable was not even Blackberry. Phone looked to be refurbished, missing all the lens tapes that should have come with the phone. Battery was dead and used. Overall, not a NEW phone.

Hi, could somebody tell me this cell work in venezuela? I like to konw if i can use this phone in venezuela.

this product is very good but this is the most beautiful an easy tecnology for the litle an tall people you buy this product is very good

this product is awesome but when purchasing a cell phone on line keep in mind that you might have to have the phone flashed in order to use it which can cost up to 75 dollars

This Device was sold as a 'new' unit and when it arrived and I connected it to the desktop software, it already had an area 402 number in it...too bad. because it was an 8330m with the v. 5 device software, which is only compatible whith the last manufacturing run off the devices. Anyway. it would not charge through the back pins straight out of the box, so I returned it for refund. Too bad...I really liked the v. 5 device software.

I ordered a phone on the 2nd and I still have not gotten a package yet. I probably won't order from here anymore.

Really was only wanting a good and reasonably simple talk and text phone. This one is really a little more feature filled for business than I had in mind. Don't need most of the features but can't blame the phone for that. Does very good for my use

but it only works for Verizon ! But other that really good ;) I'm glad I got this now I'm giving it to my cuz

I rap, and I write all my songs on here. I came packaged perfectly. No scratches or anything. 5 Stars.

Phone itself in good condition. However battery came swollen and will only hold a two hour charge. Not worth what I paid since I had to buy a whole new battery.

This company sells telephones with obsolete technology (CDMA), which do not serve because the current tecnoog&iacute;a is GSM!!!It is important that they do not publish this situation in Amazon's web.Do not buy in this supplier!!!

This phone is a piece of crap, it worked beautifully for three weeks to the day and then just shut off for no reason.  Not impressed at all, I lost my phone and all my contacts and after three weeks of trying to recover everything i lost, the dumb thing just randomly shuts off never to work again after working perfectly for three weeks.  Just buy a phone from the store and be glad its new and functional, its worth the price!

el producto llego en perfecto estado, solo que aca en Venezuela, no se puede colocar la linea a los telefonos sin chip.

I very upset because the cell phone is not what i spect they don't have a sim card so I can't used it, seller don't describe the item properly.

This is a great phone. Ordered it because other phone broke. It came new and was delivered very fast. Activated it right away and have been using it since. Loves the texting and many options it features.

CDMA what does it mean?? When you buy a unlocked phone you would expect it to work with any sim card. They do not tell you this phone does not even have a slot for a sim card. I guess you have to use it with Verizon only and have Verizon activate the phone. Totaly missleading. I bought this phone for a friend and trasported it to another country then find out it will not work.

I have been having problems with this phone ever since I received it. Occasionally when I try to make a call it would alert me that "service currently not available." This may go on for 3 or more hours and prevents me from receiving or getting calls. Now it seems to happen daily. My husband has a similar phone and has no problem with his service. I guess I got a bad one. If you receive this message during your first 30 days, return the phone because it will not be resolved. I'm sorry I waited so long and hoping that it was a fluke but it's not. I will be getting a different kind of phone in the near future, as this one is junk.

i bought this product on july I thought it would be new but it had a thousand scratches and i hate it and the worst part i lost my money

This phone is used, not new as described. It has scratches on the inside behind where the battery goes, and the box with the charger is ripped and tapped shut.

I bought 6 of this cell phone. But in sellers description, it is not written that product is CDMA. If I had known that I hadnt bought them. I cannot use it in my country, because it doesnt work with SIM card. There is no SIM card place on it. Because of this misinformation I bought the phones that I cannot use.

This phone was EXCELLENT. I got it about/eh 2 years ago? I loved it immediately. I had used the 8700C previously, and what a step up this was from that phone, let me tell you that. I was a little irked at the 8700 and that was nearly immediately.I liked that this device was so slim. Coming from something with the scroll-wheel (something RIM used on devices that they produced before the trackball) was just awesome. I'd heard that the &#34;pearl&#34; was fragile, so I got a case.Ok: Things I like:I could use the phone over bluetooth IN MY CAR. I could play music thru the auxiliary port 3.5mm headset jack BTW (FINALLY!) I could also use this as a Bluetooth Modem for my laptop. I also liked the keyboard. The QWERTY keyboard was awesome for emailing, and it just felt good. I liked the camera, but since I was on an earlier SW version (and DIDN'T HEAR ABOUT THIS UNTIL NOW) did not have video. That was one of the downsides, but since it was mainly used for emailing and calling I didn't really care. I liked the music app too. I loaded an 2GB card full of my songs I listed to and played them thru the AUX port on my stereo on work commutes. It worked with a lot of online apps too.Cons:I used it a lot, and can only really come up with a couple.What I've found for the cons is the MUSIC player navigation. You cannot easily replay a song. You have to press the BLACKBERRY button, and scroll down to replay every time. Same goes for fast forwarding. Say I'd like to back out and go to a different album if I'm listening to just an artist and not all songs, I hit the back button, but what that does is takes me back to the MEDIA page, where I have to go back in and choose my artist again.The next thing I didn't like is the mute key thing. I understand it is used for pausing the music (that's what it's there for) but it can also be used as a sleep button if you hold it in for 5 seconds) if you had music paused on your phone, and press the button to have the phone go to &#34;sleep&#34; the music get's reactivated again. This doesn't stop until you restart the phone (and hitting STOP on the music player didnt work either. I'd have to completely close out of the app to get out of the music.I liked the brick game. As I understand it, the phone was geared for the professional user, as well as the personal. I used it for both. I played &#34;BRICK BREAKER&#34; endlessly, and nearly beat it.I now use a Samsung Galaxy phone, but I think about this phone a lot, and it's still my backup one.It's a good phone, so get one if you can. IT'S DURABLE TOO. Mine was wet once.

this phone was purchased for my mom, she upgraded but the other phone was to high tech so she wanted to go back to this 8330 blackberry. she said it was easy to use just her speed and she was satisfied with the purchase the phone and the shipping. thanks alot.

Hi the phone is great but if you order it used be aware for a few problems. The 7 and 8 are hard to push.

I ordered 2 phones, and the silver one did not have the battery in the box. I can't try out the phone to make sure it works without the battery.

When I received the phone after having it activated it began to shut down after every call. I sent it back and after a rather long wait for the replacement, it finally arrived with a back that simply won't stay attached. The price was great and IF you don't want a product that is 100% functional than this product should suffice...

The phone was a great deal because of the very good price I paid. The shipping was better than I was told and the phone has worked very well and all the parts came with the phone. I would and will buy from this seller again and again.

I've bought it more then  month ago for $30. It's good for me because my company don't accept online so I use it only to talk. I can't say it is good quality phone; sometimes it change setting by itself and I miss calling and I need to correct it. When you pull out from holster you click on bottom and you need to correct the phone and recall to caller, it is not good for you so you need to be accurate when you pull out and you need look for setting.

it's okay. don't like the fact that it takes forever to get onto the internet. wish i would have looked more into it before i ordered it.

PROS:I love Blackberry, would not use any other brand.  The Curve fits in one hand and I can easily use the keyboard one-handed.  This is the 3rd or 4th Curve I have had and I love that it can fit easily in my pocket.  I despise the new line of thin, large smartphones, much better to have one with a little bulk that fits in your hand.CONS:This purchase, however, was a huge disappointment.  Between my home, office, & auto chargers, I have 9 chargers for Blackberry Curve.  None of my chargers will work with this Blackberry unless I actually hold it a certain way in my hand.  If I move my hand imperceptibly, the chargers quit working.  Forget just plugging in the charger and laying it down. I had to keep my old Blackberry Curve to use as a charger, swapping my 2 batteries out each morning.There are features on the phone that aren't exactly the same as my identical old Blackberry which has me wondering if this is a factory reject or a knockoff.

When I ordered this it arrived in two days with the Prime offer. It was in very good condition and works well. I had an ENV 2 before that broke so I had to order another temporary phone. It is doing a good job with the features. However,I did not know all blackberry's needed a $30 data package to be included in the plan when using them with verizon.(SO KEEP THAT IN MIND IF YOU'RE BUYING ONE OF THESE.) So I'm bummed about that part but I am pleased with what I payed for the device.

I love this device! I have had it for about 5 years and I can still search faster than 60% of my friends! It isn't always the device- it's the person using it!!

Got the pone pretty fast but when i got it, it worked for 10 min. then the trackball and keyboard stop working and froze now i have to get it fixed =(, but it was in pretty excellent condition though, so if you want to get the phone dont aspect it to be perfect you get what you pay for

This blackberry wasn't well taken care of. The number 5 button doesn't work and the toggle button has to be pressed hard to get anything to move.  I was not impressed, but I needed a phone right away, so I will have to keep it.  I am not impressed with this phone at all.

I purchased a new Blackberry but the one I received was not new. It was not boxed and the charger was delivered separately and it was even blackberry brand. I have to return the items at my own expense and I did not get a full refund. I like to order from amazon in the future but I am hesitant now that the items won't be the original items.

Good day, I am very unhappy with the product was damaged battery, ask if I could change it because it's CDMA and GSM and I need to get an answer

i bought six of them, and all was in good conditions and new. it only miss the cd of instalation and the FUNDA. i live in Venezuela and i have the resource to put this phones working. so i am happy with that.

this phone worked great at first and was perfect to use untill i had my upgrade in january. but after a month of having it the phone would not charge any more andeventually died on me. had to return.

Product arrived quickly and was in excellent shape.  I was able to activate at the Verizon store and have been enjoying using it daily for email and phone use.  Texting also is flawless.

This phone was purchased for my son for his birthday and he reallyis enjoying it. Great doing business with you. I would recommend this seller.

This phone works great. Didn't come in the box, or have a charger, but I love the quality of the sound, crisp and clear. Had a difficult time upgrading software and moving my Verizon service from my old phone, but when I got it done, it works great!

The phone was not as i wanted it, i didnt know it was a CDMA phone......i wanted to keep it but cant use it..

I gave three stars because I do half way like the device because the exterior looks really nice, BUT device keeps restarting on and off charger... it will restart if I'm on it or device is in sleep mode!!! will try to restore but I have to buy the USB connecter and find out how to do it! Verizon tech support here I come...

Hi, I greet you from Venezuela, and want to share my experience with you, in December 2011, buy this Blackberry 8330, which came new and perfect in all its components. And I remember that at the time of purchase when I added the purchase to the cart, no where said that the phone was CDMA. Even in the invoice just said that is a Verizon Blackberry 8330 Silver. It is unfair that vendors generally do not specify either the characteristics of the items they sell. Here in Venezuela there is no possibility of putting on a line to the Blackberry, because it came to CDMA lines .. I felt angry and cheated. I'm sorry I can not use the phone. Be very careful when buying,. Find out from absolutely everything about your purchase. And greetings!

A shame, this phone does not work in my country, Argentina. Not compatible and none of it said in the product description. Regrettable purchase that I make.

HI THIS 8320 BLACKBERRY IS GSM O CDMA? BECAUSE I NEED IT GSM TECNOLOGY, THANKS FOR YOR HELP GUYSGIL

Blackberry 8330 Verizon Silver(CDMA Only)The worst order I have ever made.  Purchased a phone from one of the seller an it came in GREAT CONDITION and I love my Blackberry 8330 but the down side of the phone was it still had service on it.  I was sold a phone that still had service on it.  AMAZON need to make sure that what ever a seller put on there website is true. Reached out to the seller and the seller NEVER REPLIED.  Took almost two weeks to get my money back. All I can say is order from a company where you know that within a certain time frame you will get a quick and courteous reply. I GIVE THE SERVICE FROM THE SELLER A ONE STAR NOT THE PHONE......

I would have to say that I am thrilled with this product and service ! The phone came in a very efficent manner and arrived via ups ! It came in the original oem packaging also !Overall Awesome and works perfect !

When I first got the phone it asked for a password.  Once I contacted the seller, he had the correct solution.  I just needed to put in a password 10 times..the phone then cleared all info and then I was able to create my own password.  This phone is for my 8th grade son and it's perfect.  I would order again form this seller...And I might need to if he loses his phone again! :)

I had a ENV touch and i was looking for a cheap replacement and i actualy wasnt expecting something this good the only down fall is that i had to get a Data plan and now i have to pay for something i wont use, but i do love the phone. and it has some nifty features that im excited to use!

i got this phone on time and was as  discribe,i'll recomend this seller for being honest.I acctualy lost mine and wanted something similar so, when i saw this it was just as good as the one i lost.

This phone is ok. Works slow and takes a long time to get on the internet. All in all the phone is ok for a 15 year old.

The Blackberry Curve arrived on time and is new.  I'm enjoying using a working Blackberry again.  I now have to learn how to transfer all my information from my old one to the new one!  I am very satisfied with my order.  Thanks.

I was mcuh more than satisfied!  The phone powered on, had a charger, and was like new per the description.

I  never had and issue in Amazon but this is my first experience with you has been the worst because I lost my money. I live in Colombia and obviously the phone is after the date of seven days. Never again to buy you and dare the worst rating.bad faith is also that you do not report in describing  the technology cellphone is CDMA.SHOULD PUNISH THE DEALER !

...odd how fickle the market can be. The second teenagers and 'tweens' became a demographic that got their hands on this stuff, they were doomed to fail because of the simple fact that they are not iphones and they don't and shouldn't do what iPhones can do. That said, for the 45 seconds that I owned one, it worked flawlessly. No problems with the phone, the media control, or anything else. It just worked.

This was the first Blackberry that I had ever owned. It worked great and I loved this phone. It was so handy! It arrived Promptly and was in great condition. Thank you!

CLARO QUE DICE Q SON CDMA SOLO QUE MUCHA GENTE NO VERIFICA BIEN EL PRODUCTO ANTES DE COMPRARLO! SALUDOS Y SI FUNCIONAN :)

no se si el telefono es gsm o cdma y si es liberado para todas las operadoras por favor me podria decir

This phone is in perfect shape! It worked well! The price was amazing as well! Exactly the Blackberry I was looking for!

never used these . They were the wrong items I called Amazon and asked them to accept back the phones but they refused to accept them. I lost

I received the phone quickly and was super excited until I opened it. It is clearly not a new phone, but used and scratched. Also came with a charger that does not fit it at all. Debating whether or not to send it back, or just suck it up and go purchase a charger as well. Overall, unhappy with the false advertising.

I submitted feedback already. Now I get a message titled Dear Jane Doe. Not a great way to follow up with customer. I have waisted enough time with this company.

I brought the phone as a backup for Verizon. I have used the this version of the Curve before and I loved the keyboard and the ease of use. Its a great little phone to have. The phone came to me with the charger, the battery, and the battery cover. Everything looked in great condition. The phone itself looked new actually. I saw no scratches anywhere on the equipment.The problem is the battery cover that the phone came with did not fit the phone. Now I know the company sells alot of these phones resale, but you would think they would at least make sure the battery cover fit the phone before sending them out. I'm sure there are people who have an old phone with a battery cover they could use but I don't, nor do I want to shop around to find one that fits. This should have been taken care of when they sold me the phone.I gave this 3 stars because the product did not come with all the correct equipment that was usable. I will also be leaving feedback on the seller's page as well. This is in no way a review telling you not to buy the phone. You may get a phone with the correct back or you may have one laying around. This is just a warning. I did return the phone.

The phone was perfect except the charger was really crappy and it broke. The phone doesnt fully charge at all.I left it charging for 8 hours and it was always at 70%
