
I really liked the phone but it is too fat and wont read sd card bigger than 8GB. It as hard to hear when calling.

The phone is good for texting and voice but I didn't see the wi-fi which I expected to be. There wasn't micro SD card :( and I hated to buy it separate.

it is a good phone but if you want web service than i would say you would not want this phone

The best thing about this phone is that you CAN'T get on the Net. I got this for me and then realized that rather than pay $5 a month to prevent my kid from using internet on her phone (Just stupid that that you have to pay to have something OFF) ... I think I' m getting one for her and every  grandkid in the family.Just think about it, an inexpensive phone, great for texting and calls, but no cost to keep your kids off the net. Save $60 per year per child.

very clumsey as a phone as I understand it it is a good mp3, havent gotten there yet still phone shopping, Very carefully now.

I received my phone on the expected date, which was definitely nice. It was on it's original package and I thought everything was ready to go. Turns out, it didn't come with a charger or a memory SD card. Also, when I turned it on, it was on it's last line for the battery, which lasted about an hour. Other than that, it was in pretty great shape. The screen is super clear and pretty easy to text on it. I have to mention though, that it does randomly delete your contacts! So, make sure you have your contacts saved on your SIM, so you can just import them back onto your phone. One more thing! If you're putting your AT&T SIM card in there and expect to send picture messages, you're out of luck.

I have had this phone for about two months now and am starting to hate it. i live in the bahamas and got the phone on time but it keeps wiping out my contacts blanking out and DOES NOT HAVE A CALCULATOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am now looking for a better phone. the mean reason i got this phone is because of the keyboard and i could get internet on it. but as of lately I HATE IT. DO NOT BUY. unless u just wish to call and text

I received my Sidekick SK LX 2009 PV300 Unlocked and it was everything I expected. It was tricky at first to learn how to figure out what did what, but after a few days I got the hang of it.  The only complaint I may have it did not come with the 1GB SD Card.  Also you have to be careful on how you hold it because if you're not careful and hold it by the sides, you'll be taking pictures without wanting to...unless you purchase a protective case. They also shipped it within 3-4 days, which I thought was Awesome!!

Hard to work with, dropped calls, difficult to navigate.  Ended up just giving it away and getting something else.  1

There Is A Few Things Wrong With The Phone. First Of All It Always Says That I Have A New Voice Mail. When I Check It There Is Nothing There, Second Of All The Phone Erased All My Contacts. ALL OF THEM!! And Third, They Ripped Me Off! I Never Got My SD Card That Was Supposed To Come With The Phone..

Considering the web service for this phone is no longer in service, this phone is great to talk, text, and music :) I love it, I put in my sim card from tmobile, it had all my contacts saved to it. And I used the same micro sd card from my old phone, cus it had all my music in it...and everything worked perfectly. The speakers are good, better than my old smartphone. It's a really cute phone, and useful for just talk & text! Love it! :) so get it  while you can, it's even a great backup phone if something ever happened to ur current phone. Great price! :)

I bought 2 of these phones from unlocked cellphone kings the orchid one and the carbon gray one slightly more expensive, I bought the phones to be used in Venezuela, Both Items were labeled as new and the carbon grey one came in a box which is so obviously not the original box and indicates it is a used phone, if i want a used phone I look for one, It is false and misleading advertisement. Also, neither of the phones brought the 1GB micro SD memory card that was advertised and said clearly on the box that came inside.overall the purchase is dissapointing, the seller should be more sincere and Amazon should verify these things as well. As a regulas customer I'm not happy with this and I must say that there should be some sort of compensation for the damages.

If you're trying to use this phone on AT&T; like I am, all this phone does is TEXT AND CALL which is what everyone else is saying but I didn't believe. I've had this phone for about 8 hours and I think I know it well enough to review it so here goes.-These phones are not new but they're not broken or scratched or have anything wrong with them.-It ships in its original Sidekick LX box with the sticker cut open so you know its not new, inside is:-Wall charger.-USB cable.-Headphones.-Protective pouch.-Micro SD card.-Battery.-Start Up Guide.-Reference CD.-And the phone obviously.-The color "Orchid" is a very deep plum, sometimes it even looks like a dark brown.-You can't change ringtones, or at least I haven't been able to figure it out without using MMS.-You can't recieve picture messages or "MMS" messages because it gives you an error code saying to "Check MMS Account to ensure the APN is correct" even AFTER you change the APN to an AT&T; setting it still will not work.-You can however change and download new themes using your USB cable, so I thought that was exciting.Being in 2011 and only two days away from 2012, I felt like I had to "dumb down" my phone experience using this phone. I kept trying to touch the screen wanting for it obey my command and I desperately wanted to transfer the songs on my media player to become a ringtone, which you can not do. So if all the other reviews didn't convince you maybe this one will, if you're trying to use this phone for AT&T; all it will do is CALL and TEXT. That's it. Don't buy it for any other reason than for that and just incase you're wondering the signature Sidekick swivel screen NEVER gets old.

any bad reviews about this product is correct.after the memory get to full it deletes all the data. which is contacts, etcit has a very bad battery life, it stays on for an about a hour or 2 at the most,when in use for like txting, or talking. but txting for sureit stays on for the longest when playing music on it,because ur not really using the device.very good size keyboard and screen, but very very bad battery life. it defects thepurpose of using the phone for anything. so im looking for a smaller screen phone,with 16+hrs of standby time, and more than a couple of hours of talk time and txt time , because thats all u gonna get, with the side kick lx 09.it doesnt play good videos ither, because they werent smart enough to include those features, which they only had to do was allow those programs in, which they were to stupid and dumb enough to do. for such a high priced phone when it came out.and yes the keys are small but spacious even with my big hands, but i mostly use my  small fingernails to hit the keys.well u been warned. the choice is yours to get the phone or not. but always keep in mind, and u never forget this. it is easy to get a phone, but its hard to get rid of a phone, even if there nothing wrong with it.the reason why i got the sidekick was because i feel into the lie, and the lie was wrong and i lost $50. but u get what u pay for sooner or later.know i have a t-moble dash, a lg env2 verision phone with a bad esn and a t mble side kick that i paid $50 for and they are still not the perfect phones for me which i paid $50 a pop for. and know im trying to sale them and get my money back, if i cananway bye. and remember what i said.-'

Pro:Battery LifeScreen ResolutionTrackballCustomizationCon:Keyboard backlightInbox/Sent capacityPhone storage without sim cardI needed a replacement phone for my samsung gravity, I wanted something inexpensive but still had a full keyboard and supported picture and text messaging. Though this phone is unlocked if you put in your t-mobile sim card you CAN receive picture messages (I was a little afraid I couldn't). Occasional when I flip the screen up the backlight on the keyboard doesn't turn on and that's annoying but closing it and flipping it open again turns the lights on. I was able to add ringtones and download new themes. Also without an SD card you can only hold 5 pictures depending on the quality you choose. But overall I would recommend this phone!UPDATE:... Within four months the phone kept "resetting" everytime I ended a call with my mother, it was so odd. I lost texts and contacts, calender events, and alarms. I was so fed up, finally got an actual new phone.

I love the sidekick cell phones and I found this one, new, at a very good price compared to other online places and stores I found it.

I bought this phone simply because I had a SIM card that I wanted to use for basic calling and texting. This phone meets those needs. It's an ok product for what I need it to do.

I recieved the phone it is saying wait for registration two dys now but i dont c an activation card how am i going to get the phone to work?Georgette

I received the phone in the mail earlier than it was due, and my wife absolutley loved it!! Great gift

This phone will not allow me to use my internet at all. I cant check my voicemail& i can not recieve my picture mail. It deletes all my contacts everyday and self restarts. I HATE THIS PHONE!

Phone is almost ok, but purchased it to use as an unlocked phone.  Only works on AT&T; and T-Mobile, but almost all sidekicks can do this with following a couple of steps/info that you can find on the web.Would not work with other GSM networks that I tried in both the USA and UK.

I received the phone when expected but unfortunately it was NOT UNLOCKED as stated. Do not recommend for anyone. BAD!!!

RECEIVED:*Brand new phone -- as pictured.*Sharp black velvet sleeve*Wall charger*USB cable*User guide CD*Manual*1GB SD card*Original Box*HeadphonesBasically, as you may have heard or read, Sidekick data is no longer available. What this means is, you can only text and call, rather than getting on the internet to look up directions or download the hottest apps/ring tones. You can't access the internet, period. I have recently lost my Blackberry 9700 and replaced it with this Sidekick. Honestly, it's kind of refreshing to "regress" in a sense and not always be tempted to reply to clients emails and answer business inquiries from my apps.I've always like the looks of the Sidekicks, just never got around to owning one (better late than never, right?) It has a very unique, sleek design with a full qwerty keyboard that is hard-to-beat. The screen is a nice size with a one-of-kind swivel out technique. Taking a look at the Sidekick, it actually looks pretty high-tech and up to par with the new smartphones. Although, it looks badass, it's actually NOT a smart phone and the OS is pretty basic. Not the game "Snake" basic, but basic nonetheless.Since the phone is just a modern paperweight for texting and calling ONLY, I was expecting a better texting interface. However, that's one of the only things I was pretty disappointed with. It doesn't have the cool chat windows that lists the whole conversation. It's old school, in which is has the "Sent" folder and the "Inbox" folder -- altogether, only holding 100 messages total. The keyboard could have slightly raised buttons. Half the time I have to double check I actually pressed the space bar -- it doesn't really feel like you did when you do -- and with having long nails, it's kind of awkward to press the 'a' key, in my opinion. However, if you're not competing in any fastest texting championships, then this is miniscule. I do like the fact that you can RECORD your own ringtones/alerts and you can customize a ringtone for each individual.I would appreciate it if the phone's light blinked when I had a message/missed call. There's an option where you can set it to blink "even when it's asleep", however, it makes the phone blink 'green' consistently. It will blink blue when you have a message and red for low battery. I rather it just blink blue when I have a message, I could care less about the green letting me know the phone is still on...great...whoopdedoo.As for the battery life, I've had it on -- like literally lit up -- for most of the day. UPS came at like 10am, and I still have about 92% battery life left. Also, 5 bars of service, and I live out in the boondocks. Most phones get about 3 bars on a good day.What's funny is I figured out how to customize my contacts individual ringtones and had a little trouble finding out where my darn ringtones were, in general. Figured that one out. Luckily, they don't have a 99% selection of fairy-dungeon and dragons-type rings...they all, for the most part, are actually "ring ring ring" variations. So, seeing as how we can't download ringers, this was a nice discovery.Overall, I'm really pleased with it. I've had enough experience with apps, internet, etc. in my lifetime, I don't need all of it on my talking device anymore. So, again, this is refreshing to not be even capable of replying back to emails and such when you're off the clock. I'll get to that crap when I get to that crap. The calls and texts with EXCELLENT battery life is really all you need. FIVE STARS!UPDATE*******So, I've had this phone for a couple of weeks now. I allowed the battery to die on me once and when I charged it and turned it back on, it was fine. However, today, while trying to get rid of the annoying Voicemail icon at the top (there are no voicemails in my voicemail box) I powered it off. When I powered it back on, all my texts and contacts were gone. Sad part is that that icon was STILL there! GrrRRr. You can always import your contacts to your SIM card, but sometimes you forget to save new contacts to your SIM card, so when I imported them back, I can tell I'm missing a few. The text messages don't bother me as much, because like I've said before, you can only save a total of 100 messages, and that's the sum of messages in the trash/sent/inbox/draft folder. Not a whole lot.That's really the only gripe I have, at the moment. I can't figure out why my contacts were okay when it died on it's own, but then when I powered it off, it erased them. Might be just a glitch, or a flaw with the phone itself. Who knows.

This phone sucks!!! i had this phone for about a month and i loved it at first. but then one day i had no test something was diffrent about it and when i looked all of my contacks had been deleted and i was pissed!! so then from then on ever few weeks it would delet ALL of my contacks! and would reset the displane screen!! so i contacked sharp about my problem and they said it wasnt there promblem to deal with!!!! this phone just sucks!

Husband was so disappointed in the Sidekick we are investing in another phone so the savings was not worth it. He didn't receive the CD or manual on how to work it, these were included in the picture and that's why I mention it. Thank you for your time.

i did not recipt memmory card in the package&lt;that say it included in the original box. can you sent one for me please. thanks.

The size is just perfect, not too small not too big. The package included:1. A Sharp soft case2. A Sharp headset and ear piece muffs3. 1 battery4. Instructional manual5. A wall poster with the pic of the phone on one side and detailed diagram on the other.6. 1 Wall charger7. Sidekick8. USB cable9. User Guide CDI bought this phone for my fiance and she loves it, I've always wanted a sidekick and decided that I am going to look away frm getting myself yet another BlackBerry and get my self my ''Drem Phone''.It's all I expected, my friends say it's old school but they can't help but looking at it and saying it's kool.I love the flip/slide *****.Pros:-you can use a memory card-you can attach a pic to your favs-Bluetooth-3.0 megapixel cam. ( the quality is grea by the way)-Flash for the cam-Video-Voice recording-Media player-screen saver-Organizer (to do list, calendar ad note pad)Cons:-No calculator-Keeps rebooting itself randomly ( could be that this is a defective device and not an overall issue)-cannot make your library songs your ring tone ( you have to download ring tones/record a song to be you ring tone)-cannot change the background display

Does everything you'd expect a phone to do. Smaller than I thought it would be, which is a good thing because it looks huge. Feels pretty solid and isn't too uncomfortable at the ear.

keeps deleting numbers, overall average phone good for tweens not teens, will now salvage for parts, moving up to a samsung 3

The phone wasn't what my daughter want which was a touch screen. It was a real disappointment with this phone and we returned it.

This prodouct was ok at first but its HUGE! I have very tiny hands so this came to my dis advantage.  You can not set a background you have to use the ones all ready on the phone. After 2 weeks of having it it deleted every thing! It does this 2 times a mounth! I am getting a new phone. Do not buy ever!

If you just need to talk and text this is a okay phone that will work for about a month then you might want to think about getting something else because it starts to just shut off whenever it wants to erasing all previous info like contacts, text, call logs etc. I was extremely happy with it for the first month after I got it until it began this shutting off stuff so I have no choice but to just keep it as a back up and I wanted to use it as my primary but can't risk losing contacts over and over again.

Item was as described by the seller and I received the item fast! Thanks for the reliable service! The item was brand new, very nice, came with a black case to carry the phone in, charger, usb cord, sharp ear plugs to listen to music to and also talk on the phone with. Just awesome for text and talk. No internet as stated.

Just got it and I DID manage to get internet on it. 3G speed. I have TMobile . went to menu>network settings> changed APN to wap.voicestream.com  Internet works! But can't download sidekick apps ):

Okay, when my teen got this phone, she absolutely loved it! This continued for two weeks, until it would reset/reboot on its own and delete, yes delete all contacts. No way to retrieve contacts either. If anyone knows how to stop this random reset/reboot, please let us know. Otherwise this phone is perfect! Its different and cool, like none other.

I do not recommend this phone AT ALL!! I recently bought this phone about 3 weeks ago and at first, everything was great. I had a really simple phone, Gravity T, and I thought this would be a nice upgrade for it. The battery in this phone is crap. It dies almost every single day and all I use it for is texting, which I don't do that much. My old phone only had to be charged about twice a week, tops. I charged my Sidekick LX up last night and this morning when I woke up it was on 32% without me using it all night long! I didn't have time to charge it so I just brought it along with me in case of emergency. When I got home, the phone was dead so I put it on the charger and turned it on. To my surprise, every single one of my contacts that I've had for 3+ years is GONE! It deleted all my stored text messages, ringtones, pictures...everything. I am so pissed right now!! I wish I could get another phone but I don't have the funds right now...please help yourself and do NOT buy this phone.

I ordered this phone for a few reasons. 1. My daughter needed a new phone, 2. It is going to be her Easter gift, 3. The price, 4. It was unlocked and she has been asking for a sidekick and we have at&t. When getting the 2 days after offering it I open it to see the phone. To my surprise it is a nice looking and working phone. Thank you. I am going to have 1 very happy girl.

If you're tired of smart phones or want the full qwerty keyboard you've come to the right item.ISSUE with AT&T;:I am on AT&T.; I carefully considered the other reviews for the LX 2009 phones and saw that some were having trouble with the phone updating itself on AT&T; and screwing people with no data plans. So here's what I did: Turn the phone on BEFORE you put your friggin' SIM card in. Go into the settings for the network and turn off 3G. SOLVED. DONE.For those of you who aren't inept, here's my review:PROS:EVERYTHING is map-able! I peed a little when I noticed this while playing around with the settings. You can setup what's called "Quick Jumps" to every app/feature.Nice keyboard. Keys aren't raised as much as I would've liked but still very usable. I have HUGE thumbs and these keys appeared to be the most spaced out of any phone I looked at. I was right. I have yet to hit two keys at once.The screen gets bright as hell! You can choose to use the auto sensor (which does a great job by the way) and it will dynamically change the brightness of the screen.Personally I get wood for longer battery life so I set the screen at the lowest brightness level which is working just fine for me. I've had this for over a day now, I'm constantly sending/getting texts and calls, and only manage to drop the battery life 5% !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you're not good at math that's potentially 20 charge-free days!The "Danger" OS is smooth, easy to use and the track ball is a nice feature.Great signal compared to smart phones. One of the main reasons I switched back. Smart phones just don't shine a light to "dumb" phones.I also read a review stating you can only make calls with the screen slid out. Granted it TELLS you to do that but once again exploration has yielded another solution: Ignore the "Flip to dial!" message and select the button in the bottom left of the screen and... Derp! It gives you a number pad on the screen! Now you don't have to look like an ass-clown trying to hold the phone up to your face with the screen swiveled out.CONS:Takes FOREVER to start up. Just as bad as smart phones. Consistently 30 seconds.Sometimes the keyboard backlight doesn't come on. I've only noticed it once so I dinked around with it and found that lifting up too far when swiveling the screen seems to glitch the keyboard backlighting. FIX: it almost instinctive for me to lift up on the screen to separate the magnets (the screen is held in position by very small magnets). Just train yourself to use the swivel motion with your thumbs but the screen is sort of stiffly locked in place.The OS has a bit of a learning curve getting use to it but, for me anyway, I'm pretty well used to it after a few days."Unlocked"? There doesn't seem to be any way to use custom ringtones or themes on this things. Luckily there is a ringtone I like already on it which is a rare thing. There is a site dedicated to this ( sklx09themes.com ) but I cant get Windows 7 to see the phone. But the themes I haven't figure out yet and the ones that come with the phone are egregious :(My box was missing the 1GB microSD card but CLEARLY had the wrapper for it which I found to be slightly amusing. This might be a biggie for some people but I already had a 4GB card ready for it.Bulky but no bigger than your typical smart phone. Just a tad bigger than my last "dumb" phone.Not really any manual associated with this so prepare yourself for experimentation.SUMMATION:Once you learn it and map out your favorite keys it's effing quick to use! I can get into my messages or phone book with one button and without having to open the screen. I will save you from dirtying a fresh pair of underwear and say that this "swivel" motion is like a machete hacking through brush. It almost seems like it would break the phone but after inspection I realized there was another magnet catching it at the end of the motion. No, I couldn't customize ringtones or themes which hurt my feels but given that the battery could last for a month and the keyboard is well-spaced for big thumbs I'd say I came out ahead on this one.** I'll add an update if I find a way to customize the phone in a manner which doesn't require using 3G.

a really good phone if you dont get on the internet or want to receive/send picture messages. the picture quality is ok indoors and awesome outdoors. another con. you lose your contacvts if the battery comes out. if it powers down by itself then they are ok but make sure you save everything to your sim card. i will say that it's awesome if you have kids. it takes a good beating. ive had it for about a year now.

great phone ,but im having problems with the local network. cant log on to internet or messenger .anyone help ?

This was a great phone for the purpose intended, which was as a replacement phone for a broken AT&T phone. Yes, the sidekick is a TMobile phone but works fine with an AT&T sim card. Great phone for younger children/teens with phones. Size is larger than most phones that are being manufactured now. Wasn't tested with a data package, but as advertised, SideKick data packages are non-existent now anyway. Overall, needed as a replacement phone for simple calling and texting and did exactly that. Fast shipping, great condition, no complaints. But pointless without the now non-existent Sidekick data plan.

great phone, i bought this for my alternative phone beside my blackberry and it work very well.I glad to buy this phone, great features!you know sidekick never dissapointing

it is a cute nice phone its a fun phone to have loved the color too but it it would have been perfect if it had internet.

This has been my dream phone for the longest time,(since 2005 when a friend of mine  showed me his)  and it is a great phone it is surprisingly durable, it has great  sound quality,  and a nice screen. I love the sounds that come with it, the ringtones and message alert tones, while they may seem second rated and cheap they still sound nice and do a great job, my personal favorite is the police siren. Overall this is a great phone ( my eighth phone in 6 years) I look foward to it continued use for years to come, I recommend this seller to prospective buyers

When was looking for a phone I needed one for my daughter and I have Verizon. The phone was not labeled T-Mobile so now I spent all this money for a phone I can't use. Poor service. I wish I could send it back but can't.Donna Ford

was able to use for temporary uses until the i was able to replace my smart phonethe scrool bottom stick at times but it is an okay product

I would of gave this phone 4 stars but the box was open by the time it arrived. The micro sd card was also missing. The phone it's self is pretty simple and the camera takes to long to open up. I won't be to hard on it since the main reason I got it was to talk and text and it does that.

My daughter is 12 and she loves to text. Bought if for Christmas and she was really excited. It didn't come with charger but bought one fairly cheap on line. For the price, not a bad buy.

This phone was supposed to be unlocked and it's not. I have AT&T. How do i make the phone work with it?

The Sidekick LX 09, along with all the other sidekicks are decent phones, ive owned sidekicks before so knew what to expect with the phone itself and its good.  I am very impressed that everything was indeed brand new and still in its appropriate box in perfect condition.  Also the phone was already unlocked for me so it saved me the trouble.  Shipped very quickly from the amazon warehouse.  45 bucks for a brand new phone that works great, and especially if your trying to avoid purchasing a data plan.  It was a great buy and definitely suggest it to others.

I bought it as a first phone for my daughter. So it is just right for her now.  It came with headphones, a charger and usp.

ADDENDUM written Jan.12,2012:Manager of Customer Service emailed me within 10 hours of my 1st Review [shown below] and I called him directly --I told him I have no complaints with the phone which was in "pristine" condition even though it was obviously NOT NEW (inside) and Sidekick product box was RE-TAPED.  I was NOT happy when the phone was advertised as NEW...He owned-up to the fact that "a Mistake was Made."I said that Seller has to do some "GIVING" while I was to do some "FORGIVING" since I was LET DOWN by the Product/Packaging that arrived, as described in my 1st review.  He offered to send me Replacements for BOTH the SD Memory Card and Battery.  I graciously "accepted" this FAIR offer b/c my NEW Phone would then be 100% complete, plus I thought this was a 'JUST & REASONABLE' settlement to fulfill my Amazon transaction.I would BUY AGAIN from this Seller "Without Hesitation."p.s. Seller Feedback has been REMOVED because Problem Resolved.-----------------------------------------------------------------BLINDSIDED & Fooled for 1st time..., January 11, 2012-----------------------------------------------------------------Sometimes SILENCE is not golden, and I felt that by keeping quiet I would not be doing "justice" to this Amazon Buyer Community, so here goes:I read up all about this Sidekick phone -- the product description, NO Data plan available, reviews yay and nay -- and I kept an "open mind" because I wanted just a simple phone for "making calls & texting."  I have no COMPLAINTS with the phone.This is the 1st time I've been DISAPPOINTED by the Merchant's selling method of using "Smoke & Mirrors" -- the product I received from UnlockedCellphoneKings[fulfilled by Amazon] is definitely NOT NEW***, and I have PROOF shown below (written as my review for Seller Feedback.)***I call this "DECEPTIVE Advertising" b/c Seller UnlockedCellPhoneKings knew that the Sidekicked phone was used before and should not have been labelled NEW. My phone was missing the 1GB memory card for photos; the battery was down to 2 bars and it had 5 photos (not shown.) Seller should COMPENSATE me for the missing 1GB memory card.p.s. I felt "cheated" with my eyes open; Seller should do the "right thing" and AMAZON should police so these "events" do not REPEAT itself.

I love the phone and the features and how it works my kids like playing the games on it with the turnable screen nice.

It's a great starter phone for a young person. has the qwerty keyboard for typing and lots of features for fun.

Worked great if you don't mind carrying this huge 10 pound phone around.No wonder it was discontinued.T mobile told me it was one of the worst phones ever to come out.

I have to say I love this phone. The only issue i had was i did not receive the memory card just an empty plastic sleeve. i sent an email about this to the seller and they just sent me an email back explaining how the customers are there main focus and how to reach them and that they were sending the missing product right away. i received the memory card a few days later but it probably would have been cheaper to check the box and make sure it was in there before sending the package. But other than that issue i was pretty happy with the phone but you can only text and call from it i cant get pic messages and it can only hold 5 pics due to the missing memory card now that i have it it holds 14000 pics. shipping was fast but the missing memory card was a pain in the booty.

I received this phone thinking it would be unlocked. Unfortunately, I put in my sim card and it kept asking me for a pin. I tried going to setting and unlocking it but when i would put in the wrong pin it would not let me change it. After that I tried putting in the right sim pin that I know off and it would just restart. I really do not know what to do up to this point and I really really want this phone to work but if it does not I will have to return it. Can someone help me or tell me how they got theirs to work... I would really appreciate it... :(

I wanted an unlocked phone that I could call, text, and text pics/videos to grandma with. This phone did not fulfill those needs. It has a VERY steep learning curve. Though I am fairly tech savvy, with no instruction booklet (only on CD) and completely different menus and interface than I am acquainted with, this phone was very challenging. The call quality was OK, the keyboard was OK, the camera was OK. Nothing was EXCELLENT about this phone. Biggest problem was I couldn't text pics/videos with this phone using ATT. I would not reccommend this phone. I ended up ordering the LG Xenon instead-much easier and so far so good with pics/text/calling.

Brand new cell phone with great deal. It works amazing evrything was still wrapped and everything and its even my favorite color so even better :D were gluded to the hip aleady :D

I have at&t and my iphone broke so i got this until october. it works just fine all i needed was texting and calling. most people were saying the box was opened when they got it and that make sense because they had to unlock it. however i did not recieve the memory card either

I bought this for my 15 year old daughter, it is perfect because she cannot go on the internet and make me charges! She is extremely pleased with the phone and all it's features! She love's the color purple! Over all we are both satisfied and love the phone!

It didn't even work. It wouldn't read SIM cards so I took it to t mobile and they said it was broken so I mailed it back.

the phone is fast i sighned up with simple mobile they have data plans its good cheap i love it

this phone is SO hard to work with on the road especially when you want to answer a phone call or dial one a phone call. It is to complex and not worth the money. I had TOO many problems with the phone also. The battery life is &#34;ok&#34;. So, in the end it is not that good of a phone.

Bought the item, was almost immediate shipment as expected, shipment came quick and as described. Will do business with again!

It was very nice upon receiving it. I loved the color, it was a real deep plum, true to it's picture. The only issue is my phone would sometimes freeze and the ball thing sometimes would mess me up when I tried to move up and down or edit texts. Before this phone I had a flip phone but honestly, the flip was better and now I have an Iphone which this doesn't compare to....at ALL.

I have only had this phone for 3 weeks and it froze up and erased my contacts twice. It is now completely frozen and will not work at all. Very disappointed in this phone and would definitely NOT recommend it to anyone!!

I receive the phone and it was nice everyone love it. They even sent me the Micro SD card with the phone. Love it !!!

The phone is a 2009 version which I was not aware of when I bought it but I did want one FOREVER and a day so I got it. There may be something wrong with this particular one I don't know but if the battery dies on you or you accidently knock the battery out all of you information will be erased, and I mean EVERYTHING!!!! Contacts, to do list's, text messages, date settings and not to mention no wifi. Did I tell you there was no WIFi? Any applications that you want like a calculater you have to download from some kind of market..... huh? Yep yep. But I do like the color the track wheel and will be buying a newer version.

The Sidekick is a decent product, except that it keeps looking for data services if you don't have it.  It is not very user-friendly.  The quality of everything is good and it comes pre-loaded with some very good songs.

I am really digging this phone. I like the size of the buttons, they are spaced apart perfectly. At first I had a little trouble figuring out how to navigate through it, but once I learned I got it down quick. The rolling button lights up when I get a text and I love that. I've dropped it a few times, but there was no damage done. I am very satisfied with this product.

I need to return this phone there is no internet on this phone.  What do I need to do to return it?side kick

Purchased this product but could not use with my current plan. No internet connectivity. Unable to take good pictures. Hard to use keyboard. Anyone reading this could benefit from something else other than this, worst  cell phone ever owned.

I highly recommend that no one purchases products from Breed, you are likely to purchase a product that is not what they state. I purchased a phone that was guaranteed unlocked.  It was not unlocked and now that I have asked them to unlock it, they are refusing.  I am not asking for a replacement or a refund, I am just asking them to unlock the phone they sold to me as unlocked!  I find such unprofessionalism fraudulent and cannot recommend anyone to purchase products from this company.

THESE PHONES SUCK!DONT GET IT!I WARNED YOU!IF YOU WANT A SIDEKICK, GET THE NEW ONE THAT IS AVAILABLE( EVEN THOUGH I'M PRETTY SURE IT SUCKS TOO)IF YOU MUST HAVE A PHYSICAL KEYBOARD, I WOULD RECOMMEND THE HTC MYTOUCH 4G SLIDE.(I HAVE HAD BOTH)IT WILL BE MORE EXPENSIVE BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS WORTH IT.

Wife loves it. she really likes the sidekick. I don't but that is probably because I don't use it daily and have no idea what it can do.

We just got an AT&T; 3G microcell and I was looking for 3 unlocked phones to give my wife and daughters. This phone looked good on paper but when we received them we were very surprised with its huge size and the cumbersome way the screen flips. The navigation and menu selection using the many complex mouse like and track ball are also alkward. It does not support AT&T; 3G ( I should have looked before buying )and only 1 of the 3 phones were able to send and receive text.If you are looking for a "great" unlocked 3G phone with QWERTY keyboard for "conversation and text" - NO internet - buy the LG XENON - I also bought 3 of them and my family loved it. They worked out of the box, the set-up was very easy, they are extremelly simple to use and very functional, not forgeting that they are small and pretty.LG Xenon GR500 RED Unlocked Phone with QWERTY Keyboard, 2MP Camera, GPS and Touch Screen

did not like the slider phone sent it back thought the screen would snap off . thank you  D. L. Smith - Packer

I bought this for my 9 yr old and she loves it. this was great everyone is envious of it.

I've always loved sidekicks and REALLY wish they would bring them back (side kick tmobile had recently SUCKED do not buy!) This item was great until it just stopped turning on, then it finally decided to work again after a few weeks but as soon as the battery died it wont turn on or charge. it now sits in an &#34;old electronics&#34; bin. Not worth the money. specially now that they dont provide internet service anymore.(got this phone as a back up to use when going camping or anything like that. worked until i let the battery die once)

this purchase was decent, im just mad at the fact that this phone never holds any service, and it turn on and off for no reason at all

PERFECTO MEJOR IMPOSIBLE EL EQUIPO CELULAR VINO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES Y FUNCIONA EN VENEZUELA A LA PERFECCION EN TODOS SUS SENTIDOS ES MUY BELLO Y FUTURISTICO Y ES DE UNA BUENA MARCA DE LA SHARP, GRACIAS AMIGO LOS RECOMIENDO

This phone is amazing as it appears and as you heard and i just purchase it of july 2012 it is lovely works well for texting but a no no for the web which you will not get nor email just to let you know right now you would have to upgrade to there newest side kick the 4g but great luck with it its a good texting and talk phone and my bill only $40 you can tell you retailer to make this phone a simple mobile which you have unlimited everything minus web cuz it dnt come with it no more but it worth buying online than going to the store itself where it cost more found out day before i purchase it online look in the store phone itself cost $130 now you do the math...plz buy online

Do not buy this.  It worked for two hours and that was it...  Waited for a box to send it back and they won't take it back...

Great phone! Came exactly as I expected, although microSD card was missing, I already had a larger one ready to use.  Battery Life gets better as you go along!  So far the longest it's lasted is 2 days straight, but that's with heavy use (texting, picture messaging, games, using camera, a few hour long calls) I'm a long time sidekick guy, and I was absolutely satisfied with what I got.  Some complain about the limited themes, but there are websites where you can download others, and even make your own.  One thing that I did note is that when you have to use your camera flash alot, that tends to drain the battery faster than anything else. Call quality is good, not crystal clear, but just good enough.  If you have small-medium sized thumbs, the keyboard is pretty nifty as well.  If you're a sidekick user who was never had this model, I definitely recommend getting this phone! :)

I was very excited about my purchase and found nothing less than what I expected when I recieved it. My phone was brand new and came with a case, charger, USB chord, dvd, handbooks, and battery. I would definantly buy from this seller again!

So it might just be me but they should add can't use this phone for web anymore I really want my money back for this phone.  It pissed me off that I couldn't use it for web.
