
I down graded from a smart phone.  Got tired of paying $30 per month for a data package I rarely used.  Anyway the phone is very basic but does have voice dialing and speaker.  Don't like that my earbuds that fit everything else won't work with this phone.

this was a low end replacement for my daughter's account. it is not a smart phone. that's what i wanted because i don't want her adding to the bandwidth and my costs

Phone does everything that I need it too and is in decent condition. Fast shipping was greatly appreciated as well. Connection can be a little spotty sometimes, but that's about the only complaint I have with it, and it's a minor one.

This phone will be activated once my maroon phone goes out.  I am not ready to convert to a touch screen phone yet.  I am thankful your site allows me the luxury of holding out until I'm ready :)

Came brand new in package. I was able to have Verizon turn it on with no problems. The only things I found difficult was that I cannot get updates for this phone and sometimes it will shut down for no reason.

The OEM Shop cannot be trusted... they sent me a phon that said it was "NEW" .. when I tried calling Verizon to activate it they said it was still active under another account.. I sent it back... they then offered me a complimentary bluetooth and that never came either!!

This had to be a reconditioned phone which was not correctly done. Poor voice quality, I have to walk around the house in order to find hotspot so people can hear me. Front screen the plastic has separated itself so there's a big air bubble in it. Query keyboard which lights up  unevenly. I've had several brand new enV3, which I absolutely love, but I really regret purchasing this one!

Buying this LG from Amazon helped me to avoid a lengthy contract renewal with Verizon.  They don't have any nice options for BASIC phone customers anymore.  I showed them, there's more than one way to make a call.  When my contract is up in July I'm switching to another network

Got this pretty quickly and had forgotten how much I enjoyed this phone. Glad to be out of a data plan, no contract and the phone works great!

returned because when i received it I immediately added it as a phone on my verizon accountunfortunately it was detected as a pay as you go phone and recognized as a different colorit cost me $12 to return it and then I was refunded, so it was a loss on my part. I will not orderanother refurbished phone online, I will stick to purchases from my carrier.

I cannot say one thing bad about this phone.  It works great.  It is extremely simple to use.  The initial setup was easy.  I use the calendar alerts &#34;daily&#34; which keeps me updated (daily &#34;to do's&#34;).  Receiving and sending texts - wonderful.  Easy to shoot pictures. EVERYTHING IS EASY.....I GIVE IT A &#34;6&#34; Star Rating!Alice from Tehachapi, CA

But then it became awful. The phone started to turn itself off even when it had a good charge. The screen would freeze unexpectedly and would also not play noise even though it was supposed to. It was extremely frustrating. I could not wait to get rid of it by the end!

I purchased this phone as a replacement phone for my son.  Works with my current Verizon plan and I was able to connect with no problems.

I bought this refurbished phone for 25.00. Description was accurate as it did have some scratches and did show wear and tear. My goal was to turn off Iphone which I was paying 30.00 for internet and try to knock down my bill from Verizon. I got the phone on the day they said I would get it, charged the battery for an hour(reached full charge in 40 min) drove to Verizon and they activated  it in 60 seconds. Phone works fine and I've had no problems. Texting works fine. I am now saving 30.00 a month. In fact I have had the phone over a week an have yet to charge it.  I was really nervous about buying this phone. Expected a piece of crap but got a workable phone at a good price.

For the price, this is a nice phone. Easy to set up on Verizon, but as others said, make sure the data option is off.

The phone itself is fine, came as advertised, but I noticed after the first month it started to turn off randomly on its own.  This occurs on average once a day, but it is annoying because it means that I miss calls and messages until I notice that it's off and need to power it back on.  I don't know if it's just my phone or a problem with these phones in general.

Good phone if you are looking for a replacement or something that doesn't require a data plan. Very simple and pretty decent camera along with nice key board.

Bought three phones, two of which activated fine. However, the third phone was still active under someone else's contract so verizon was unable to activate.

just purchased this phone to try since my last one broke. this phone works great and the screen is nicer than my last phone. a little larger and nice to see.

Great quality considering it is a used phone.  Perfect for a 12 year old.  So hard to find a phone that is good for that age group.  The cell phone companies should get the hint to still keep these around.  Works great for my son.  Very happy.

I don't want a smart phone or to carry a computer in my pocket. I want a cell phone, and maybe a little texting. My phone does not control me. I control my phone. (Thus, I have a life and a personality.)

MY MOM LIKES THIS PHONE CAUSE OF THE KEYPAD. VERY SIMPLE TO USE AND GOOD IF YOU DO NOT NEED  A SMART PHONE.

This phone outperforms the crappy clamshell basic phones offered by the cell phone carrier. Good call quality, battery is good length and warns before shutting down, the buttons on exterior of phone do not activate the phone when it is locked, full qwerty keyboard, good MP camera, etc. If i used as music device I would be disappointed as it is difficult to get music onto it and the jack is 2.5mm (not 3.5mm standard), but I don't listen to music on it or care about reading e-mail from my phone or searching the web (although these things are supported). Just wanted a basic phone with good call quality and battery duration that could take a decent photo if needed and supported moderate to vigorous texting and this is it. If I didn't additionally carry around a smartphone for work (which covers e-mail and internet needs), I would want a smartphone, but I don't want to carry around 2 smartphones!

got here quick, works great, looks great. Chargers also look and work great. The phone has no visible scratches or use.

I have had this same phone for several years. Mine quit working about a week ago and I'm not readyfor an Iphone yet or a SmartPhone so I went back to the same phone I had. I have had such a goodexperience with this one I decided to get another one.

Let me explain, I ordered this phone because I wanted a good basic phone for my son to use on Verizon Wireless. The phone arrived as ordered, but, I was unable to activate it with my carrier. They could not explain why at Verizon, and they spent days trying to get it to work, but it would not accept an activation. It was on their list of compatible phones but nonetheless their billing department would not recognize it. So the phone is useless to me, I will try to return to Amazon, where I bought it.

it is not the best but for its price it is very good but because it is refurbished it is missing the center button

I bought this phone to my mom and she really loved it! I like the quality of this phone :-)

I am thinking about sending it back, someof the alpps don't always work.in other words the camera is not what it says

Very good phone for those who text a lot.  Very nice speakerphone for hands-free conversation.  This is my 2nd enV3...I had the 1st one over 2 years before I broke it.  Also love the 3.2 MP camera and micro SD so I can Xfr photos. Warning: If you only want to text and make calls be sure to put a data block on this phone with your svc provider or you'll inevitably hit one of the data usage buttons and get charged.

Like new condition, defective USB cable sent with unit requiring me to purchase one and explain to my mother (four times) that while the phone says the cable is incompatible, it will still charge. No factory box despite being sold as new.Mom likes the phone, it's the exact same as her old one (v1 I believe) with a better camera for her to take photos of her cat with. Will attempt explaining &#34;boothtooth&#34; to her next month and warn her of our states laws regarding headsets while driving.

They told me the cellphone was new but  judging by the appearance, it wasn't.Then I don't get my messages complete, specially when somebody text me from smart phones

I like the phone, but Verizon required me to have a five dollar data plan added to the line to use it. Not a huge deal, but when your buying a refurbed phone to save money, it kinda is a big deal.Other than that, its a good proformer like the other ENVY models.

The very first day of using this phone, the phone failed. Where we normally place the ear to listen to the other party on the phone, doesn't work. We have to open the phone in order for the &#34;speaker&#34; phone to listen to the other party.

Members of my family have used the LG EnV3 for years.  It's a great work horse phone for people who call and text.  The separate keyboard makes it fast and easy to send and receive text messages.  I purchased this to have as a spare, as my daughter has managed to lose one of them and drop another into water.  Need to keep a spare on hand.

Phone works great.  Just like previous enV3.  Did not want to buy a regular cell phone from Verizon.  Choices were bad and definitely did not want another smart phone.  Did not need it.

sent it back cause had to get a data plan to connect it.  so i just went out and brought a smart phone it was the best purchase that i made.

She hasn't stopped a beat....just keeps texting!She loves the keyboard and the camara capabilities.It has been a great tool!

I like the phone. It works well for me. I would recommend it for anybody who doesn't like touch phone.

it is the best no data phone i could ever find the phone works great and i got it before i expected.

After two weeks the speaker broke.  So we could receive calls but couldn't hear what the other person was saying.

Good price. I didn't expect much other than talking/texting.Camera is lacking, mostly the options are limited quality.Not very intuitive, seems like my favorite functions are a few layers deep or hard to find. I can't read the outside screen because it's so small, which is fine because I have to flip open phone to task anyway.Works fine otherwise. no breaks, failures, or deficiencies.

Needed the same cell phone since mine no longer charged and this way could charge new battery and put in old phone to download the backup assistant to get my contacts. I guess it is new as stated, but it must have been sitting a long time cause the battery needs to be charged daily, and I don't use it a lot. When my original phone was new I only charged it once every 2-3 days, this one doesn't make it through the day. The phone itself is almost identical to my original phone, works on verizon with no problem. A few differences as far as display and settings, but nothing drastic.

Phone is ok. Tends to turn off by itself several times during the day. I am told this is a common issue with this model. Otherwise it is good.

Does most things well for what it is.  My only complaint is the small size of the front panel screen.  Pairs perfectly with my BMW for hands-free dialing and talking which was one of my major concerns.

I owned this model before.  Hated when I could no longer use it.  So glad to have been able to purchase it again.  Without all the bells and whistles of other phones it is exactly what I wanted.  Stays charged for two days and takes great photos.  great seller

This was in perfect shape when we got it and what a great price.  I would highly recommend this place for cellphones.

I purchased this phone about a year ago. Overall, I have been impressed with it's quality. I chose this phone for 2 main reasons: I wanted a cell phone with very good battery life and one that could take quality pictures (for a cell phone) and save them to external memory. There are some cons to this phone but I have not had any issues with the phone randomly turning off.Pros:-Battery life; My last cell phone was also an LG and it had great battery life, as does this phone. After a year of use it still can last me about a full week on a single charge while using it mostly for occasionally taking pictures and texting (I do not send or receive calls often).-Camera; I knew what to expect of a 3mp camera and this phone has pleasantly exceeded my expectations. I mostly take pictures of animals. My pets and animals at a shelter I volunteer at. Often times I will take a picture with this phone that blows me away. I did not expect to be able to take pictures of animals that are running towards me to turn out perfectly clear and with no blur. But this happens quite frequently. It struggles more with sideways motion, but not as much as I would have thought. The camera is definitely the most impressive feature of the enV3.-Texting; I like the feels of the keys and the full keyboard makes texting a breeze. I also love that it can store a lot of texts before you need to start erasing some. I currently have 430 texts in my inbox and it says it is 90% full. There is a "Favorites" button that lets you quickly start messaging any person you add to it, which is a nice feature for frequent texters.-Camcorder; Nothing special about this but it works well for what it is and I like that you can capture videos for up to an hour for saving or up to 30 seconds for sending(and saving).-Layout; You can customize the menu screens a few different ways to look how you want, menu navigation is easy once you get the hang of it, and there is a shortcuts button(the right arrow on the inside keypad) that lets you quickly bring up 4 different applications of your choosing.-Calling; I have no complaints about sound or voice quality.Cons:- Pocket pressing/random button pressing; This phone does have a keyguard function that you can activate if you want where it forces you to press the OK button once or twice in order to unlock your phone. This should prevent pocket presses, but it doesn't. I always have it on to press OK twice since I carry the phone in my front pocket and often wear jeans. Still, I will frequently find random numbers punched into my phone and even find them saved as contacts sometimes. If this happens to you, I urge you to go to the voice command settings and turn off the voice command funtion on the CLR key. Otherwise you will occasionaly hear "Please say a command!" coming from your pocket.- Picture viewing annoyance; Now, I do like the ability to view pictures on the big inner screen and the zoom function works great. But, there is a weird issue when viewing pictures that gets on my nerves. When you click on a picture to view it, the picture goes full screen but the quality changes. It looks less defined, blurrier, and the contrast changes a tad so the picture looks too bright or too dark. If you then zoom in on your picture, this issue goes away and the picture looks like it should. Note that this issue does not affect your photos, it is just the way the phone presents them. This issue is annoying to me because I like to show off pictures I've taken to other people and in order to make them look the way they should, I have to zoom in on each picture a little bit.Conclusion:This phone excels with the features/functions that are most useful to me and has many positive aspects. The few negative aspects that it does have are annoyances that I will have to deal with, but they are minor. Overall, I am impressed with the enV3 and would definitely buy one again if I were to lose or damage it. If I could, I would rate the enV3 closer to 4.5 stars.

My husband is a music freak and we text a lot to each other and we needed a basic phone for Verizon contract so we didn't have to be required to pay for an additional data plan( required if you buy ANY smart phone, and its $35 bucks). he has had the phone a couple weeks and he REALLY likes it. As far as the reviews on the battery, no problem there either. Reminder on what I stated earlier..... This is considered a basic phone and for Verizon, it is not required to have a data plan... thanks to all the people who write reviews that help me make better decisions on how and where to spend my money

the first phone i got did not work! the new one they sent i never knew it was sent and never got tracking info. but the new one i got ive had for 4 months and it is still working just fine.

This is a great basic phone. I had the same model for 3 years and the wear and tear finally gave out just from normal use. I searched LG and Verizon for various phones, but finally found the Env3 here, brand new, and at a low price. As I said, I wanted a basic cell phone. It does that with all my pictures, contacts and easy flip keyboard for texting. Very Happy!

Bought this phone for my dad.  He has a preference for a physical keyboard.  It works well for him so no problem!

This phone is everything I thought it would be. Great texting, very good phone calling & recieving clarity.I got rid of my expensive Verizon service & switched over to A very affordable Pageplus service. Boughtthis phone via Amazon and I don't have any regrets.

I love this phone, and wish that Verizon offered it as an alternative to a smart phone!  Very durable and no problems whatsoever.

The qwtry keyboard is a little out of sorts on this phone. Double letters and missing letters of the alphabet make it confusing at first. Once I decoded what was where, it made a great little first phone for my son. He will use this until he is older and more responsible for something else. Had no problem setting it up on the Verizon network.

I always wanted this phone when I was with T-Mobile.I thought it was a solid great looking phone,but I was in the wrong Cell company. Now im with Verizon and I had to downgrade from a smartphone because of financial issues. I was browsing Amazon for texting phones and VOILA, the LG Env3! Love it

I go through a new phone about once every other month. I really dont think I am that rough on them, I just have terrible luck with phones. I had the env2 for about 8 months, and had some jack a$$ convince me i needed the chocolate touch. I HATED this phone, and paid over 100 for it. About a week later I ordered the env3 and ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT.

We have never had an LG brand phone, but this phone is pretty good. My dad, who isn't very good with technology, likes it a lot and uses it with ease. He figured out how to text and send pic messages without my help. I recommend this phone!

Verizon could not activate because the MEID # was assigned to another user.  The label inside was obviously not a factory label.  They did replace it with another, but of course it took much longer than was advertised, second phone worked great.

I gave this phone 5 stars due to the fact, my wife wanted a basic phone without paying extra for a data package inwhich she doesn't use.  This phone is a great buy for the price.  You can text like crazy if you're a textee ;-).  Although the keys are kinda small but for some reason I believe texters wouldn't have any other way. It takes good pictures for the type of phone and the calls are very clear.  It's even bluetooth ready and connects very easily.  LG enV3 VX9200 may just be on to something!

Bought this phone to use instead of a phone that I am not eligible to upgrade yet.  I absolutely despised my other phone.  Not a day went by when I didn't think to myself - I hate this phone.  So I set out to find something else to use for at least a year until I was eligible.  This LG enV3 seemed to get good ratings and didn't require a data plan.  (I had to specifically request no data plan when activating over the phone with a live person because activating online required it.)  I do find it annoying that it has to be opened to be on speaker.The first one that arrived had to be returned after a week of use due to a broken hinge.  I've never had anything like that happen before, and found it irritating to deal with, but the supplier sent another one as soon as the broken one was received (postage paid by me) which did make me have to go back to my old phone for another week.  Now that I've had it for over 3 months, I think I will keep using this LG even after I am eligible for a new phone unless I really want to pay for a data plan at that time.

All I need for Talking and texting, if your not into smart phones and don not what to buy into the the Data plans then buy a G2 phone like this one

Ordered product late Thursday nite, recieved Monday morning! Very easy to transfer mobile number, very surprised of the ease of use, picture quality is really good, highly impressed!

I am tired of the miserable selection of phones at the Verizon store.  I can't afford the data plan for our family...and besides, my work phone covers my smart-phone needs.  When I asked for non-smart phones, the salesman showed a selection of an Etch-A-Sketch, a kaleidoscope, and two green bean cans with twine between them.  None of the dumb phones at the store had video capability!  I feel like an idiot in the store and the salespeople really aren't interested in me once they know I'm a Luddite.I ordered this phone thinking, at that great price, if it works for only a year I am still ahead.  The camera and video work great for our uses, the buttons are easy to use, the reception is good...and we don't have to hock our pets to afford a data plan.I had my son try the first one, and he loves it.  We just ordered 2 more and may order another after that.  My guess is that for 3 phones, we spent no more at the store and we'll save more than $10/month, or $120/year, for each phone with full capability but without a data plan.Warning:  Verizon did automatically put the phone on a data plan.  I had called in advance to ensure the phone does NOT require that extra cost.  When I called to get the plan taken off, the Verizon call-center person was fairly quick to recognize their error and take it off data.  I was warned that it may take a few months to get them to quit putting it back on the data plan.  For the price, I am willing to arm-wrestle with Verizon until they get it right.The accessories that work for this phone were very inexpensive at Amazon.  I was very happy to get a couple of cases, several covers, and several chargers for a bit less than the cost of one phone.  We saved $100 just getting the accessories through Amazon.

No one can hear me when they call.  I have tried multiple things and nothing works.  I am working with the company to get a refund.  The &#34;a&#34; key and &#34;l&#34; key only work some of the time.

I've had this style of phone & loved it & wanted another one, before they ran out & I could no longer get one!

I bought this item for my daughter. Not even 2 hours after  receiving the phone it shuts off. I tried charging and pulling the battery, nothing works!! I contacted the seller "A-Z Wireless Solutions" and they told me to "charge the battery for 12-24 hours". I ended up purchasing a new battery. I ended up with the same problem. Phone still shutting off. Which leads to them sending me a defected phone. Horrible services. Buyers Beware.

I am still learning how to use it , it would be better if I had instructions with it.Otherwise it is good. I enjoy the phone though . Thanks

My husband is very satisfied with the phone.  It is operating very WELL!!! Delivery was right on the spot. Thank you much

We bought this phone to replace my daughter's rugged phone that quit before the contract was up. We chose this phone because she'd owned the previous generation enV and had liked it a lot. I went ahead and gave this phone 5 stars, but be aware that this phone does indeed require a data plan. This information was surprisingly hard to find when I was researching this phone. The rugged phone required a minimal data plan so we already had a plan in place, but we found out when we started the activation process for the enV3 that we were going to be forced to buy a bigger plan. Had we known we probably would have purchased this phone anyway, it just would have been nice to know before hand.

I got this item very promptly. However when I called verison wireless to activate my new phone it came up as lost or stolen when I gave them the Meid number on the phone. Verizon will not activate the phone ever once this has happened.  We will see how the return goes or what they will do to make this right. Will update my review then...The phone was in brand new condition and seemed to function great other than the fact that i could not activate it. So the problem was not on the phones part but on the seller of the phone. I made this purchase through Inventoryplanet , a seller listed on amazon.com. apparently they are not checking the history on the phones that they are selling. what a bummer. Bad business!

Very pleased with this little phone;no problems so far. It meets our needs and is easy to use espcially for me!

Good phone. Good sound. Great for anyone who wants a solid basic text phone.Easy to learn how to use.. Nice size.

I'll order from this vendor anytime. Great phone, received as described with super fast shipping. Bought this phone to add a line after my phone broke. I gave it to my daughter (texter!) and she is incredibly happy!!

I had a phone like this one before and it works just fine.  I was happy with the price also.

I have had this phone for almost 4 years and loved it the whole time. I have never wanted a smartphone as I hate touchscreens and love speed and media on my phone.I tried a smartphone once and everything you want to do is based on if you pushed the area just right and it still happens after about a half second later. This is because a "push" on a touchscreen is registered once you lift your finger from the screen. So the simple task of dialing a number took me about 15 seconds minimum. On the enV3 I could do it in 4 or 5 seconds.Texting, was of course, a nightmare. They tried to help this by making the phone fill in rest of a word automatically to save time, but it often gets it wrong and I have to spend time deleting and retexting it anyway. Overall, just a hassle in every way. The one thing they do better is internet browsing, but I never need to browse internet when I'm on the go. NEVER. I have a PC at home and I can't think of a single thing I would need to do away from there on the internet.Anyways, with the enV3 I can type as fast as my thumbs can go and don't have to handle it like I'm holding a small computer. It is durable. I must have dropped it hundreds of times over 3 years and only once did it show any damage. That was very recently, which is why I'm here looking for a new one. My old one still works, but one hinge is completely snapped off so its just flopping around.Call sound quality is great. On ear or on speakerphone. No more to be said it has no problems. If you get this phone and it has a problem, you might want to replace it because mine does not.It also has a very good camera for taking pics and videos, I don't use those a whole lot but the pics always look great and videos are a bit laggy, but surprisingly good if you hold it steady. Also, when viewing pictures on the phone, it has an automatic enhancing feature when you zoom in on the pictures. This was amazing to me because I can't find anything on the internet to do this for pictures on my PC, at least not for free.I use mine to listen to music very very much. In the shower I sometimes set it up high on a shelf right near so I can sing along haha. The sound quality while it is open is really good, and only gets bad if there is a lot of bass or many instruments playing loudly all at once, because come on its only stereo and doesn't have any size to make a rumbling bass sound. But most songs you won't even notice this. I doubt any phone does it better anyways as no phone has more than 2 speakers that I know of.I have a 4GB Sandisk Memory Card for mine and it has over 300 songs right now, as well as a few videos and over 50 pictures I took, with over 1.5GB left to spare. I don't plan on filling it up ever, songs don't take much space.After the first 2 years, my phone started slowing down a bit. It's still very fast compared to anything I've seen anyone with, especially any smartphones with touch screens, but it just takes a few more seconds when loading music or when I write an extremely long text(like 100 words or more). Another thing that has gotten worse with age is the battery life. After 2 years it was running out quicker between each full charge. When it was new it would go for well over 5 days day and night with around 20 short calls and around 150 texts of different sizes.These days I have to charge it after 2 or 3 full days, and if I talk on phone for more than an hour straight, it might lose all battery just because of the heat of the phone for some reason. Texting still doesn't bother it much unless I do it nonstop for a half hour or something. Music barely does anything either. I will recommend you DO NOT get a new replacement battery if this happens. I did this and the new battery did the same thing. I think it is just the phone getting old.The last thing I can think of to mention is the interface and menus. I have read other people's reviews all over internet and it seems you either find the menus confusing or you are like me and think they are the best you ever saw in a phone. The main menu can be changed if you want but its default is a grid of 9 pictures that each go to most of the phones features. One goes to messages, one to Web, one to Tools and Options, one to Contact List, you get the picture.Then most other menus are just a list. You can use arrows up and down or just push the number of the option you want to choose on the list. To me this is as simple as can be, but I guess some people find it confusing because there is so much the phone can do, the amount of options becomes overwhelming. Not sure.The backlight is always good and very bright. Hasn't dimmed at all in 3 years. There is internet of some sort but I don't use it because I am not on Verizon, I use Page Plus, so I can't do anything that requires internet since this is a Verizon phone. Also, there's just nothing for me to do. Apparently you could check email and certain sites have a smaller version made for earlier phones, but I wouldn't want to pay for data even if I was on Verizon. What a waste of moolah they are though.Please everyone, check out Page Plus. It is the same signal as Verizon, and you will save a lot. I save $60 a month. WOW. That is just me one single line. If you have a family and are all on Verizon, PLEASE stop wasting your money. I know it sounds impossible but there is actually no downside at ALL. Sorry for the advertising.I bought the phone when it was new straight from Verizon for $300. I know, I was kind of foolish with my money back then, but I still don't regret it because this phone has never let me down and does more than I could have wanted because when I bought it I was just looking for a texting mania phone. The only thing I'm afraid of is that I won't be able to buy enough of these to last me the rest of my life. Sounds crazy, right? But if the way of the future is touch screens or something worse... gulp then what is a guy like me who wants everything to go fast and simple.

The phone arrived in good condition.  After 2 days the outside screen had white lines across it.I had to exchange it.  Got a replacement, but my son lost it! So I had to buy another one!Exchange was easy and fast.  I was happy w/ the company's quick response.  Bought another one ... so far so good.

I've had this phone for years and other than some butt-dialing in my pocket I've never had a problem with it.  It's a good texting phone if you're not ready to pay for the data package for a smartphone.

Cell phone are a part of life these days, I found my phone returned this item, but this could have been an okay replacement phone

Received two phones timely. My Wife loves hers but my daughters screen went fuzzy then blank after an hour of use.

I bought a replacement LG env3 from cellphones-4u and successfully activated the phone with PagePlusCellular via Kitty Wireless dealer (they use the Verizon network but have much cheaper call/data plans. Most Verizon phones that are NOT 4G will work with PagePlus).This phone has excellent call quality, a 3MP camera with FLASH! (the most possible, it seems, with older not-smart phones) and it's small enough to fit in my jeans pocket. My older phone still works but it's getting a little scratched up after 3+ years of use. I cannot text very fast on a number keypad so the qwerty keyboard inside this phone is fantastic to have.I used the Bluetooth feature to transfer/copy my entire phone book from the old handset to the new one.. so fast and easy!The music plays fine - have 100's of songs stored on a microSD card (placed in the slot) and the phone can play stereo output and allow microphone input for headset calls IF you buy the right connector (needs a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter). Read the reviews carefully to select one that really would work with the LG envX models.Fast shipping and good customer service from cellphones-4u seller, although "new" can actually mean the new handset is in an open box without any of the manuals (but can download those from the Internet). Everything works and the ESN was clear to activate.

thats all foulks .i dont have much to say but i require 8 more words so here we go ty:)

The phone is terrible.  It has bad reception and the battery life is awful.  The photos and videos are great, but I need a phone.  Looking for another phone.

I love this phone, exceeds everything I wanted it for, which was texting. I can now keep in better contact with my college kid! The pictures are also great. The battery life could be longer, but I do use it alot, so could be me. Love the full keyboard. If you want a phone that is inexpensive to use mostly for texting this is your phone!

I purchased the LG ENV3 from this company. I must say,I would def. recommend this company to others who are interested in purchasing new cell phones.I say new because the phones are new to the person who is ordering them. The product, that I ordered, was better than described and was received within the designated time frame. It was easy to have activated and I had no trouble switching personal information over to it. It is a sturdy phone and has charged well. I have had it for almost 2 months now and I am very pleased with this product. After purchasing this product, I went and read some of the negative reviews from others who have purchased from this company and at first was a little nervous about what I would receive. But I must say, after reading the company responses to the negative reviews, was very pleased with their responses and how that tried to resolve issues that other customers had with their products! I was suprised that the company had even responded at all, for most, do not! I would def. recommend that merchandise be purchased from this company and I personally look forward to doing business with them again:).

I had this phone myself before and I liked it a lot. The new FREE phones are lame so I bought my 2 boys this one. They like the larger key board and the flip action instead of the slide. Very happy with this phone.

Phone arrived quickly and in great condition.  Would and already have recommended to family and friends.  Great phone at a good price.

the call quality is amazing! i can hear better on this phone than my previous smartphone. the buttons are big enough to text easily. the camera actually takes pretty decent pictures and i am glad i went refurbished- i saved a lot of money and i got a practically new phone (few scratches on the front face).

No problems.  Reliable phone.  Purchased this one to replace LG enV3 which had gone swimming in a pool and then was put through the wash.

This phone is exactly what we expected - a simple text and talk phone that we plan to give the kids when they are away from home. Added it to our Verizon Unlimited Family Share plan - one time service charge of $35 and $30 per month for the phone. Arrived promptly - new condition.

this is a great phone with # of features for a basic phone, the bar option is great has big numbers easy for quick calling.

I degraded from an i phone to the env because i spend too much time surfing the web. This phone is great because after I sent a message I don't have the temptation to keep looking at other things on it because its a pretty basic phone. The keyboard is great and the keys are really nicely spread out. The only thing bad is that you probably have to get a good cause because it gets scratches on it really quick.

I reccommend it for a basic phone if you dont need all of the bell and whisles !! I suggest it !!

Our third one..  First one drowned, second one got dropped toooo much.  This one with the protective skin has survived a few three foot drops already.  I read the reviews and have not had the problems with this phone yet.  I did notice after our second one dropped and cracked the hard cover, the battery was loosely connected and would shut off once in a while when handled right. Simple fix to reinsert the battery.It is easy to use and understand.  My wife tried a smart phone for a couple of weeks and then requested this one.  She loves the looks and keypad.  It's the right size for her small purse too.

This phone is absolutely horrible!! Avoid it like the plague. It turns itself off, mid-conversation, or just at rest. It pocket dials, even with the key lock turned on. I've replaced 2 batteries and have done all the upgrades available, and nothing helps. It is a total piece! It won't hold pictures on the wallpaper, internal or external ~ it just reverts back to factory settings. Out of all the phones I've ever had, I absolutely despise this phone, and would NEVER recommend it!

Love the phone...I owned the previous version a few years back.  Only issue is that I recently noticed I'm unable to access any basic games that are usually loaded on the phone. Not sure why that is, but assume it's because it wasn't handled through the carrier. ???

I had to replace my Samsung phone because I dropped it in a comet filled toilet while cleaning.  I ordered this phone because it didn't have a bunch of apps. on the front which confuse me.  So it showed up in 2 days, packaged very well.  I looked for the manual in the box and it wasn't there.  OK, I'm mad now.  I went to have it activated and that went smoothly.  She said it looked pretty easy to understand and not to worry about the manual.  I went home and tried to figure things out and couldn't find the speaker phone button on the outside of the phone.  That's where it's supposed to be, right?  Well, you have to open the phone where the keyboard is and push speaker phone, but you can't use speaker while the phone is closed.  I do not like that feature at all.  Also the screen on the front of the phone is pretty small which makes it more difficult.  It's been a couple of weeks and I still am having trouble with the phone, trying to figure out things that should be easy to figure out.  I'd really like to have my old phone back.  I am not happy about this purchase.

my son went swimming with his new phone after only having it for a few months so we were not eligible for a new phone at a discount. Verizon suggested we buy a replacement from Amazon.. we found a great deal. he loves the new phone more than the first one

Everything was perfect. Exactly what expected based on seller description. A perfect replacement for my Dad who would never be able to get use to learning a phone different from what he has been using.  Nice yo have an option to still find something that's not the latest and greatest, but functional and reliable.Thanks!!

This phone met all my expectations. It was to replace an old flip phone on which I had lots of problems texting.  It was my first step up.

I love this phone & I bought my original from Verizon. I had it for years & when it quit I didn't see anything that they currently carried that compared, quality wise. Great camera. Easy to text on. Easy to talk on & to hear. When I received this phone the outside speaker didn't work, so I could either text on it or open the phone & talk on the speaker phone. I contacted the company & communication was awkward. I told them the phone didn't work & they asked if I wanted to exchange it. I told them if the speaker issue hadn't been a problem I would like an exchange. They answered &#34;ok&#34;. Just &#34;ok&#34;. Nothing else. No instructions. I waited a couple of days. Thought maybe they were sending a replacement & I would just put my phone in that box to return, but I finally contacted them, again & asked what to do. They sent an email back telling me to return the phone to address &#34;XXX&#34; for an exchange or &#34;RRR&#34; for a refund. I returned the phone to the exchange address with my information & got a refund in my account for the amount I payed for the phone. So the phone didn't work. Communication was not good, but the refund was prompt.

I purchased this cell phone and when I tried to activate the cell phone, I was told that the cell phone is listed as stolen or lost.  Why would you sell something stolen or lost to someone.  I am not happy about this at all.  I want to return the item immediately and I am not sure I going to continue to purchase from Amazon.

This is the best phone I've ever had.  I've had all flip phones in the past but this is much easier for texting.  Love it!

I have no use for the data, and that stores are making you get them, they only have phones that require them. This phone is a GEM! Reliable and durable. Love the board for texting.  The phone was exactly as advertised, fast, would by again from dealer.  Thanks for carrying this phone.

Had to get this phone to replace my crappy Samsung. Got my first samsung in our contract all my stuff i transferred to it disappeared. Got a new one same as this. Turned on & off on its own for no reason.  Finally just got tired of it. So got my lg. Which i totally love.

Got this phone for my mom and its a great phone.  It does it all but still not too complicated.

I wanted a non-smart cell phone and this is it! I've used for one month and very pleased with its features. Compact, easy to use, clear speaker, large buttons for fat fingers, flip open qwerty keypad and easy to see icons for the various programs. Its many features available have yet to be exercised - someday I'll have free time to roam and test. Also the Bluetooth feature has connection automatically to our home phone so I won't drop a call when coming home and into our garage. Overall - excellent!

i like this phone because its not to small and the screen is readable and i dont have to deal with the internet , love it for the price that verzion charges now .

I was totally not satisfied in any way shape or form with this phone. It is slow. It has bad reception. It does not read any card you put in it. After being completely unsatisfied I requested a refund. I have to say that I highly recommend working with Planet Mobile and they were extremely prompt and quick to refund my money. So in the end trust me, don't buy this version of verizon phones but be sure to feel safe and secure if you are purchasing anything from Planet Mobile.

Phone was in almost new condition. I purchased this phone for my husband who didn't want a smart phone or a phone with a touch screen. He did want a full keyboard though since he had never had one. I had the envy3 when it first came out and I loveit.  My husband loves it too!

I wasted money on this phone.  They sent me one that didn't work and when I told them, they FedExed another phone in a different color that worked, but it was annoying (and now I have a phone in a different color than I chose and wanted.  The lady at Verizon laughed that I paid so much for this phone.

Great as far as responding to issues but the fact that the phone is defective and you need one to use in the mean time and they can't send you a replacement. this is bogas going futher if not resoved.

The enV3 is a wonderful phone with good texting functionality. Also the stereo speakers sound great with mp3's.  Call quality is excellent and the speakerphone is better than our smartphones.  Highly recommend this phone.

I'll start with what I liked:-  The overall design of the phone was pretty nice.-  It has a larger than usual QWERTY keyboard which was awesome because I've got some fat sausage fingers.-  3MP camera which is pretty much double what you get on most similar phones.-  MicroSD support up to 16GBNow for what I didn't like:-  Didn't hold a battery charge for very long compared to other similar phones.-  Any time I wanted to make a phone call I had to power cycle the phone or else the person I called couldn't hear me and I couldn't hear them.-  Bluetooth issues where it took forever to get the phone to pair with SYNC in my car, and then it would only stay paired for that one car ride, so I had to delete the phone from my car and then re-pair it.-  No tech support for the phone / Hard to find information online (Although this is my fault for buying an older phone, with this many glitches and issues I feel you need help to figure out what's going on so it's relevant).I had high hopes for this phone because the features I liked, I REALLY liked.  Alas, the size and scope of the issues combined with lack of support for the phone just made it simply unusable for me.

This is a great phone for those who do not want a &#34;smart phone&#34;. My old one was 3 years old and worn out. I hope to have this one for another 3 years.

Love my phone it simple to use and feels comfortable  in my hand. One exception is the speaker won't work until you flip the phone open.

It's super durable and was a great price for something that I just needed for a temporary fix until my upgrade.  I'm very happy with the phone and the condition that they described it in.

the speaker phones always go out on the blue models..and the battery gets loose..the red seems to hold up longer

I had some trouble at first getting the phone activated,because to activate by the telephone number that came with the instruction, u also needed a # for the phone, so the phone recorded instructions would say enter your telephone # when u don't yet have one,, so it took a while to reach a live person to help. Once it was activated, i love it.

The phone is a good basic phone liked having a keyboard the only problem is after a number of years it started turning off. Thanks to the person who recommended cleaning the batt connections with a q-tip has not turned off in 4 days.

I got this phone for Christmas two years ago and at first I loved it, but in a few months it stopped working so well. It shut off and on by itself all the time, some of the keys stoped working, and it froze up so I needed to remove the battery to turn it off and turn it back on. Verizon replaced it but the second yeilded the same problems. They replaced it agian and this time it just fell apart. The fron screen, usb port and headphone covers, and front keypad fell off. I had to go through verizon's insurance plan to get this one replaced. My fourth one had the same problems as the first two and it even went as far to delete all my pictures and some of my contacts on its own, making the camera (the only decent thing on it) worthless. Also, I left it in my bag and under the little amount of pressure, the inside screen shattered. This phone is just poorly made and nobody should ever buy it, especially now that verizon doesn't sell them anymore. If you want a phone that will work and is even remotely durable, do not get this.

This is my 10th or 11th one of these phones. The numbers on key pad seem to stick a little or not respond as quickly as they should on this one. all others worked 100% This one is still good and I would rate it a 90%

shuts off randomly sometimes.  I've heard that's just a problem with this phone.  I'll keep it, but it is annoying.

lets be honest, a text conversation needs to look like instant messenger chat, not individual documents.also, messages sent from my brother to me and others at the same time display as multimedia messages, even if its just text.and the multimedia messages take longer to load and will not display on the front view, you have to open to the keyboard veiw.

The phone broke on me yesterday. Not sure why byte I powered it down and now it won't turn on.

Do not buy from this company.  I bought a supposed new phone from them.  When I had problems and took it into Verizon I was told two other people had the phone before me. I explained that I bought it new from Amazon. The Verizon store informed me it was used, the serial number of the phone matches two other separate accounts. Just Cellular is still trying to claim the phone as new but obviously it is used.  Verizon will not replace the phone since I bought it used unknowingly and just cellular says the warranty is up in 60 days which sad passed.  If you buy from this company you buy at your own risk.

Doesn't hold a charge, won't receive texts messages until the next day, and rarely will receive a call. Do not purchase this.

Great phone.  Better than the current line of phones Verizen is offering and I didn't have to get into a contract.

Ordered the phone, which worked for part of a day.  Wouldn't charge the battery and just stopped working.  Since I was desperate I went and purchased a new battery.  Phone still did not function.  I sent it back and purchased a new phone elsewhere because I didn't have time to wait.  The only reason I didn't give less stars was due to excellent customer service.  I would have given them a chance to make it right if I had more time to wait.

The camera isn't worth a s***. and no flash. And it sucks to get the camera to come on. My older Flip phone was better all around. A friend told me it was a good phone? Worthless!

I've had this phone in the past and it is my favorite basic phone. It has always been durable and reliable.

This phone was crap. It would turn on and off by itself, the battery would die in about 2 hours, the screens sometimes stop working for no reason, the "ok" button on the front stops working and will start to come off after a couple months of use. The only good things i can say about this phone are that the picture quality it good, and it can survive if you drop it in soup, but the inside screen stops working for 3 days, so I wouldn't recommend doing that.

I bought one of these phones, and had it for only a few weeks. With in that time I kept it in a case and very protected. I flipped it open one day and it just didn't work.

I bought this phone for my Dad who was adamant on keeping a traditional non smart phone. The screen on the outside is pretty small. Not what we were expecting. Ended up upgrading to an iPhone 5c. He doesn't care about internet or apps, but enjoys the large, crisp clear display. This LG on the other hand has been activated for my 5 year old to use in case of an emergency.

This worked out for my son that simply needed the ability to phone and text.  No smart phone needed at this time.

This phone is by far the most durable phone I have ever owned!! Would definatly get another if this one actually breaks, which my previous EnV3 was ran over by my car and also dropped in a water puddle and still worked.

First, we purchased the phone as a replacement for my mother.The first issue was that right out of the box, the phone had some sort of PIN code that had it locked, the seller had no idea what to tell me. I finally guessed the PIN and it was 0000. I don't know if this is a factory setting or if I bought a new phone that was actually used, I can't be sure. All I know is I could find nothing in the documentation that referenced a default lock on the phone. If this is my mistake, someone please correct this review, I want to be fair.The second and bigger issue is the battery. It won't hold a charge at all. Fortunately, the old battery in her old phone was still in useable condition so we just swapped it out. I didn't bother contacting the seller yet again because quite frankly, it wasn't worth my time and most likely, I'd get stuck with shipping charges again.If you are thinking about buying, I would move on to something else and buy from somewhere else.

No problems!  Would order again.I've  had one of these for years with no complaints. Takes a licking but never stops working.

i choose this phone because my wife has the same phone.  easy to use, compact, good photos, easy to text

I have had this phone for over a year now. My first impressions were good. I liked the style of a full set of number buttons outside and full texting keyboard when flipped open. But after owning it for over a year I have a list of complaints.Verizon is my provider and since I have this phone they require a small data package for this phone. This is not a good internet phone. Checking emails is relatively slow. Browsing the internet is incredibly slow with a difficult interface to use. If you turn on the text capability it eats up the battery even when not using. In short if you are going to buy a phone that requires a data package make sure it is useful with internet capability. This one isn't.Less than a year after owning it the phone has started to have lots of issues. If I set the phone down on a table to quickly (not dropping or throwing just setting) the phone will freeze up and need to be reset. I have taken very good care of the phone. Never dropped it or abused it in any fashion. Just recently it started having trouble reading the battery charge. It will sometimes think the battery is dead even after hours of charging and then shut itself off. I have not figured out why it does this but after enough messing around I get it to work again. For a phone that has been treated well and owned less than a year this is pretty bad behavior. Not a very high quality item.

A good phone for the price but be warned;- It requires a data pan ($10 min) which I was hoping to avoid.- Music playback is probably only via Verizon's Rhapsody

This has been a very good phone so far. Easy to learn all the shortcuts and how it works and tough. I have already dropped it from some very substantial highs and hasn't phased is. Over its a good phone

Sturdy, reliable and still ticking.A great device for a preteen/child.Would not mind using the shipper again.Thank you.

I purchased this for my husband as he does not want a smartphone and the selection of new, basic phones is paltry to say the least. It's easy to use and very functional.

Replaced same that had been water damaged.  For me next best to a smart phone.  Only wish is that it came with leather case as did the original but hard shell case bought separately works fine.

2nd line for the office. I also needed a keyboard for texting. My staff like it better than the old fashioned flip phone.

got this phone used locally to replace my P.O.S. env2. that was the worst phone ive ever had in my life. i'm one of the few people left that don't have a smartphone. :( couldn't get over the 98.00 a month verizon charges for service and data package so i went back to a basic phone.phone does fine for texting and receiving calls. don't expect much more out of this phone. the alarm is loud and will wake you up.battery life seems to be good. i can get 2 to 3 days out of charge with light to moderate use. just replaced the original battery a few days ago, because the battery didn't seem to hold a charge for very long.if you can afford a smart phone, by all means get one! if your like me and need to save a few bucks, this is a good alternative. but don't expect anything special!

Great phone. My son loves the keyboard and. screen. He is happy so I am happy. I highly recommend this phone

My grandduaghter has this phone and it went bad. She was very sad and so I went on Amazon to see if this phone was still out there for sale.  Sure enough I found the exact phone and when it arrived it was everything we hoped for. She is a very happy girl and I can't thank the JustCellular Store enough.

Great phone. came cheaper than alot of flip phone i looked at. workes perfectly for what i want and no problems. handles being dropped and all. perfect for somone lookin for a good phone for texting and talkin.. not a great internet phone.

It had a couple of buttons that were slow to work. But for the most part it works fine. Thanks

This LGenV3 phone was delivered quickly and is in excellent condition.  I have had no issues with it and all in all am very pleased with it's performance.

Received this phone in new condition, but quickly found out , the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. I will probably have to purchase a new battery for it.

Great phone, simple to use, no data required. Works great under current contract, and most of all is Grandpas friendly!

The product came in a timely fashion, but it did not work once I activated it.  The two main pieces of the phone were not aligned properly.  The port for the power source would not accept the charger.Four members of my family use this phone.  This was the first phone that had so many issues.I recommend buying this product, but from a different company.

it only worked for about 10 days. I took it to get repaired and was told it was junk and I should buy a new phone.

front face of the phone quit working for making calls and receiving calls had to wait for the call and flip the phone open to take to call. Done buying phones from Amazon.

I used to have this type of phone for my own use, but needed to upgrade to a phone with a wi-fi connection for my laptop.  I really wish there had been another way to do it, as I miss my LG phone.  I purchased this one for my son as a Christmas present, as I know he will love this one like I did my old one.  By the way, I gave my old one to my daughter-in-law and she loves it, too.

Phone #1 would randomly turn itself off.  This is a big problem when you are expecting important calls and haven't realized the phone has gone off! Everyone that I spoke to that had the same phone told me their phone did the same thing.  Finally the issue got so bad that I had to replace it.  Verizon said they had worked out the software kinks and the new phone would work perfectly.Phone #2 did work without issue for several months but now I am back to the same problem.  My father is terminally ill and lives 17 hours away...I cannot be without a reliable phone!!  Took it to Verizon today to replace again, but was told that my warranty was up.  Apparently, the warranty time only covers the phone from the purchase of #1.  And frankly, I cannot afford to replace this defective phone ahead of my upgrade time.I am furious with Verizon for not backing up a product that they know to be defective!  Will not use Verizon again.

Great phone! Easy set up and all worked as new. In the past order we had an issue with the screen and they refunded my card as soon as they received it. very happy with all of our past orders.

Great for kids.  Easy to use and can take pictures.  Best to get case to cover drops - the body glove is excellent.

Phonne seems to be working great.  It's a good phone for my wife who is not interested in all the bells and whistles.  Highly recommend to all people who value simplicity !!!

Very Nice cell, mine was dark red, excellent keyboard for texting, nice layout, easy to handle, looks great, I went to the Verizon store to have my old cell transferred to this one, & the very knowledgeable employee told me that this was one of their best phones ever & one of the most popular.

This phone worked great for 6 weeks.  Then, it just started turning itself off, even with a fully charged battery.  That was frustrating enough, but then I lost it.  Went to call it to see if I could find it and, guess what?  It had powered off. I am now using an old phone I had in the closet and hoping it holds out till my upgrade.  Not worth it.

This phone was in excellent condition and although it is not a smart phone which is exactly what I didn't want, it has all the necessary/desired options such as a slot for SD card, a camera, and manual screen for typing that a lot of manly men seem to appreciate.

The phone looked great and worked great but then the outside speaker stopped working at almost one month ,this is twice with this company i got a  phone or one of my kids and it stopped working at a month. offered to refund but could not exchange phone. Trying to still find replacement again.

This is the second one of these phones I've had, but the first new one.  I like the keypad for texting.  It's a great phone to have if you don't want to pay for a data plan.

This has been one of the best replacement phones that I have ever used.  The earpiece is really loud so i can hear everything crystal clear.  The ringer is really loud so i can hear it from across my house.  The vibrate is really strong.  This phone also has great battery life.

crappy phone. Do not get this one cos it won't stay charged and the battery didn't work either. However, the seller of this phone was gracious enough to refund my money without any hassles. For that I am thankful. But steer clear of this particular phone. LG makes other better phones.

It's a good little phone for the price.  We use it as a replacement phone for kids.  Works great and is cost effective.  It's not a smartphone ... but for texting and calls its great!

I have used the phone for 5 days and the plastic hinge broke.  The phone is still usable, however I need to find some superglue to prevent putting too much stress on the remaining hinge.Keypad on the front of phone is flat and difficult to find keys by touch.  In order to access all the menu options you must open the phone.  The screen on the front of the phone is very small.You need a data plan for this phone with Verizon.  I was surprised when I went to activate the phone.

All of the expectations were met.

This phone is great for anyone that wants to text or just talk. The locking keys is a bonus when you just drop it into you purse or pocket. No on get called until you call them.

I like the phone but the top screen started coming unglued by the 2nd week.  The only way to get this resolved is to take out all my contacts and pictures I had to load and send it back either for repairs or a new phone, so I chose to keep it myself and try and get it re-glued some place here in town.  A few months into it now and the hinge broke.  Apparently not a good quality phone.

The ENV3 is hard to find, but Just Cellular is a great place to look for cell phones. Nothing but good things to say!!

I recieved this pretty fast. I ordered it on thursday and got it on monday. There is visible sign of use but honestly it is nothing that I wouldnt have done to it and for the price it was amazing! Im very happy with it and im excited to have a phone:)

Pretty good phone for the $. Have had a few issues with it powering down on its own. Overall ok.

Purchased this phone to replace my wife's broken phone.  Was surprised to find out that I could not activate the phone without adding a data plan.  Previous review had stated that it was a great phone in that it did not need a data plan.  Otherwise, I cannot comment on the phone, since I was not able to activate it.  Leaving this review as a warning to any others who are looking for a phone that does not require data.  With 4 phones and 2 teenagers on my plan, I don't really want to go that route yet.

I ordered this phone for my son and it came based on agreed delivery time frame in new condition and appears to be working as expected.  We are very pleased and would purchase again without hesitation.

I recently decided to downgrade from a smartphone to save money on the data plan. I just needed a phone for texting and the occasional call. This phone is perfect for that. It has a good keypad and great battery life. It's not assembled exceptionally well and few pieces that are looser than they should be. But overall a fantastic phone for my purposes.

I bought this phone but i cant make calls because the speaker doesn't work, i can only make a call with loudspeaker.I'll try to contact seller, but if you see this is because the seller didn't solve it.BE CAREFUL FROM WHIM YOU BUY!

I bought one and was tickled. So happy with it that I bought one for my sister. She is tickled.

I just bought this phone for about $40 and it was worth the money. It is an older model but looks brand new. I bought it used but it looks great.

I loved this phone when Verizon offered it (it's the best camera I've ever seen in a cellphone).  I was heartbroken when I couldn't replace it when it died.  Glad to find a new one here on Amazon.  It shipped fast, activated perfectly, and I'm back in business with the phone I love.  Thumbs up!

Just what I wanted. A sturdy, well-made, non-smart phone with a querty keyboard.  It works perfectly although I am still going thru the on-line manual to see how everything works.  It has more features than I plan on using. I use the phone, I text, I take and send pictures and I use the bluetooth while driving.  Very pleased with my choice.

Phone is in excellent shape. No scratches, but the battery  just doesn't last like all the other LG enV3s we have owned.

This was purchased as a gift but we had some trouble with it I wouldn't recommend getting this phone at all

It was a very nice phone. I had wanted one for a long time and recently had to go back to just texting and so for that great but when you go from an iphone to this was kinda depressing but all and all the phone did what I needed except took too many steps in doing a new text but love the idea of flipping open and the keyboard is very easy to use.

I thought I was getting a brand new phone&#60; but that wasnt the case. It didnt even come in the original box. I havn't switched over to using it yet so hopefully it works when i do.

I was very impressed on how nice condition the phone was and super fast! I appreciate that being I was in a great need!

Upon receiving the phone the front screen was  almost a complete white out, after having the phone for 3 days the speakers went and now I am only able to talk on the phone if the speakerphone is on. Very inconvenient

I had purchased the phone as a replacement for my mom. The phone was just as how it was stated in the description. There was minor wear and tear marks, but nothing a case wouldn't cover. Phone itself works great and it does what it's needed for.

I purchased this phone to replace my old enV3 because Verizon has nothing for you if you don't want to invest in a smartphone.My old enV3 got wet and lost it's outer screen but it was still a better phone with 1 display missing than anything currently being offered.  Now, I didn't love my enV3, it had some quirks - like constantly turning itself off! - or when not off, making calls all on it's own.  I really wanted to find a good replacement, there just isn't one.  So I reluctantly ordered my new old phone.  What a pleasant surprise when I received my enV3 and all of the quirks of it's predecessor were gone!  Apparently, my new enV3 has the latest firmware and LG seems to have addressed all of the issues and then some.  Every menu on my new phone has more entries than the old making it even better than the phone I couldn't replace.  What's not to like?

I've been using a flip phone - yes, a flip phone - for years, and have only been texting for about a year.  I couldn't take it anymore on the flip phone with the T9 texting even with supposedly predictive text method.  So my contracts on all my phones w. Verizon were all up and I didn't want to re-enroll and commit to another 2-year contract and realized I was really overpaying for my minutes/texts in my Verizon plan.  I am so glad I shopped around for no-contract phones and found this one for my MVDO (PagePlus) that runs on Verizon's network for way less money.Everyone wondered why I didn't get an iPhone or a cool smartphone.  I'll tell you why.  I have an iPad already.  If I want apps, I'll use my iPad.  I just want a more convenient phone for texting than a flip phone.  Well, boy did I get what I bargained for.  Instead of paying $500 for a no-contract smartphone, I paid about $70 on Amazon for a pretty darn full-featured &#34;basic&#34; phone.  It has a lot of cool features.First and foremost, I absolutely love the hinged full QWERTY keyboard style of this phone.  When i want to talk, I can see the numbers and just dial and talk (I have another phone on Consumer Cellular that has a tiny little keyboard on the face of the phone and I can't see the numbers without my glasses, so this LG enV3 VX9200 is great for seeing the numbers!).  And if I do want to text, I just open the hinge and there's a nice QWERTY keyboard with a good tactile feel on the keys, they're separated enough so that you rarely type the wrong key, they're slightly raised, good feel, and they have great keyboard features, like the most commonly used punctuation marks right on the keyboard (comma, exclamation point, question mark, apostrophe, quote, etc.).  All you have to do is hit the &#34;symbol&#34; key to tell the phone you want to use those characters.  No more meandering through 5 menus just to get to the list of these punctuation marks.  And a quick messaging key, and a &#34;favorites&#34; key (just hit Favorites, select your contact, and start typing the text or even calling them).  It's easy to type on, and it lays just about flat if you put it down.I have a Mac so I worried about getting the contacts on the phone.  One thing that was a little weird and surprising is that I had expected to be able to just put the microSD card in the phone and transfer my contacts from my old phone to this LG but for some reason I couldn't figure out how to get it to recognize the card for that.  It does see my pictures and music but not my contacts.  So the worry part was about finding a Mac-compatible software program I could use to transfer the contacts from my Mac or from the file I'd exported (CSV) from Verizon's backup assistant.  Well, thankfully, that wasn't an issue because I gave the bluetooth file transfer a shot.  Usually my Mac doesn't pair with these cell phones, the older ones, but it saw the phone, and I was able to send the VCF contact files to the phone from the Mac via bluetooth.  And so that means if I really wanted to (and I don't), I could even use my iPad keyboard and bluetooth pair it to this phone if I wanted to do any serious typing.  Everything else on this phone is a bonus - voice commands, IM, Internet (which I don't plan to use - again, i have an iPad, this phone is for calling and texting).Voice quality is great, bells and whistles are great for a phone in this price range.  You really get a lot for your money.  I absolutely love this phone!

This cell phone is decent for the person that does not care for the touch screen smart phone type of cell. It is simple, has decent sound quality, fairly good quality camera, easy to use qwerty keyboard. I bought this product refurbished and the only issues I have with it is it has a ever-so- slight off center closing ability. It is barely noticeable. And the only other issue is that I wish it had a double press to unlock the outside keys. I have purse dialed ppl not meaning to. Other than those small issues, it is a pretty good cell phone.

Was a step up from my last LG but I'm a heavy texter and this phone works for me.  Easy buttons, small enough to put in a pocket.

I couldn't find this discontinued item anywhere else... the new versions just don't fit all my needs. i should get a spare.

I just wanted a simple phone. I thought this was perfect, and it was for the first month. Then after that I can't use it at all. It has a mind of it's own and will not let me use the flip open option at all. Any button I press makes it go haywire and bring up every option besides the one I am requesting. It will not open any text messages, including media ones. I think I got a lemon, because a phone should definitely last more than a month!!! Very disappointed with this purchase.

I really loved this phone for the first 31/2 weeks I had it.  I loved the features and especially the keyboard.  However, the internal keyboard spontaneously quit working. It was as if the keyboard was frozen. I was able to return the phone for a refund.

It was not marked as refurbished. However, Verizon verified it for me.As others have noted, it shuts off and restarts out of nowhere. For $60 you can get a better phone than this refurbished piece.

I initially purchased this phone for myself and my son.  We have both grown to love using it.  While it doesn't have the most up-to-date features, it gets the job done superbly.  This was a replacement phone for my son after many years with his old one.  He particularly likes it because it is quite small and does not interfere with his activities with his job, which is mostly construction.  It doesn't hang loosely on his belt or in his pocket and it lasts a long time.

Best phone ever made when you compare the cost to features.  This is just a great phone that I will never get rid of NEVER

Phone was easily added to phone plan with Verizon's help and I didn't have a data plan issue.  Phone delivered before time expected.  Perfect phone for my tween-aged daughter.

I had this phone years ago before I got a smartphone.  Both my kids (15, 17) have this phone because it holds up well and they tend to be rough on things.  It is a very good phone.  Don't waste your money on the Env touch.  They both had one of those also and asked to go back to this one.  Battery life is amazing!

I bought this phone new and it seemed like it was but when I plug in the charger it says that the charger is not recommended for this phone. A few days into owning it the screen's image will randomly change colors and the 'W' key on the keyboard doesn't work very well. It has to get pressed down hard to show up in the message. For $40 I can't complain to much, but for a new phone it was really defective.

I just bought this phone last week on Amazon.com, and mainly purchased it because it seemed to be a decent basic cell phone.  When I went to Verizon to activate it, they told me that I couldn't use the prepaid basic cell phone plan for it (the one that is $50 for everything unlimited).  I had to buy the smartphone package for either $60 or $70 because of the fact that it has an "enhanced" web browser.  If you check out the browser on this phone, it is very limited and definitely doesn't seem "enhanced".  Not really sure why Verizon thinks that this is a smartphone because it's the dumbest "smartphone" I've ever seen.  I want a basic cell phone so I can just text and receive phone calls.  I don't care about the camera, and I'm tired of spending a lot of $$$ on monthly bills for the smartphone I have currently with AT&T (Galaxy S2).  So, just a head's up if you buy this phone, that you WILL have to buy the more expensive prepaid phone plan for it.

I bought this basic phone for my dad, and he has had no trouble with it. Battery life is good, he likes the full keyboard, etc. Because it is a basic phone and data isn't needed, it was easy to go to the Verizon online account and turn off that feature so that there wasn't an extra $15 charge every month.

Worked great. Just as described in description! Would definitely buy again. Hardly any scratches or problems with the phone at all

I purchased this phone as &#34;new&#34; for $75.00. I looked new when it arrived. I activated it with my carrier and found that it had someone else's contacts on it&#34; When my carrier looked up the number inside the phone's battery case, she found that it had 2 previous owners!!!  I am going on an extended trip now and do not have time to change the phone again. I only hope it doesn't give me problems. Alas, the peace of mind I thought I would have with a new phone before my trip is not to be.Cellphonescheap cheated me! Look elsewhere if you care about integrity and trust in business dealing.

My son loved the phone, but now it is shutting off when he ends a call or closes the phone. It should only end the call, but actually turns off phone. Now that my son has had this a while.  don't like it at all.  It just keeps turning off on its own.

This is my first enV phone and so far I love it.  LG has been a good brand for me in the past and this has not disappointed.  The phone is used and has had a few bumps and bruises and arrived dirty.  I cleaned it up, made it pretty and it works great.  I especially like the camera on this phone.

I bought this phone because my little brother lost my dads new one. He was using a really old phone for at least 6 months. So for fathers day we got him this one. The item was listed as "Very Good", but the phone has a large dent/chunk missing right on top and whatever coating was on the buttons was peeling off. Phone works really good though. Only problem was that we dont use data and I bought this phone figuring it woulden't need any since its an older version texting phone. Verizon is making it so that its older models require the minimum data plans which was really frustration to find out. So thats $10 a month wasted :/

to flip open to qwerty it is not easy  last phone i used my right thumb to open now i have to spin phone around to find where it opens  i bought a refurbed phone and after 3 weeks battery needs constant recharging

I wanted an older style phone without the touch screen, this is perfect!!!!!!!I dont have to be as careful with this one. The fast shipping was also a plus! Thank you

First off, I would like to say this phone itself is a great phone!  You are not required to pay a data package for it.  I love the keyboard and it's very easy to text.  Taking pictures with it is easy and it takes great pictures!  It's a great basic call/text phone.I bought 4 of these phones, all from Applewireless.  I bought one for my Dad (who loves it), my husband (who loves it) and myself.  My Dads and my husbands phones both work great.  They came in new like it had stated, and shipping was fast.  My phone, however, did not come in new.  The shipping was great.  The phone worked perfectly at first and starting messing up a few months later.  I've had the same phone for 2 years, and it never messed up. So, I know it wasn't the phone itself, just a crappy phone applewireless sent.  My phone wouldn't charge so I had to charge, the camera/video only worked 10% of the time, and it froze every time I opened to call or text.  I bought a new one, hoping this new one would work like my Dads and husbands did.  I haven't activated it yet.  I bought this 'new'.  It is NOT new.  The stickers are all messed up.  They look like a 4 year old put them on.  I'm nervous to use it.  I'm going to be unhappy to have just paid 70$ (again) for a crappy used phone.So, the phone itself is great if you get it NEW and it actually is new!

The phone was new and in great shape; however, I had this same model before and I do not like how this new one displays the text messages.  The inbox only has incoming messages so you cannot follow a conversation back an forth.  My previous phone was not like that; you could see incoming texts and my reply together.

This phone was sent out by Amazon, it was 2 days late getting here, then it had the wrong stickers put on the buttons so you cant dial correctly. I wrote a semi-negative review that Amazon asked for and then they bombarded me with over 25 text messages late on a sunday night. I was harshly harassed until i removed the review but only after they promised to refund my money and send me a new phone. The head of the department lied to me only to get me to remove my review, cared nothing about me, only the review! Will never shop Amazon again and have contacted the Wa Attorney general office to investigate their over aggressive tactics.

hey don't use the Bluetooth but it was like my old one so I really liked that phone. this phone I can use.

very happy with phone , easy to use, it is still expandable for use of memory, like that feature, just a great phone

Verizon's choices for non-smart phones isn't very good. I wanted a phone with a key pad and I liked the really old LG enV I had that was lost. I searched amazon and found this one. I am very happy with it. So far I like it better than the older model I had.The phone didn't arrive any earlier than it said it would and it was in good shape. The only surprise was I expected a new phone would have an instruction booklet. When I looked back at what I bought it didn't say an instruction booklet was included. I figured if I really needed to know something and I couldn't figure it out I would search the web.

it was more beat up then the one that my Dad's and he is a farmer.  Don't buy.  Waste of money.

I really love this phone it suits all my needs. The people I ordered it from are very honest and great to deal with if a problem arises they take care of it the same day. I got the phone very quickly. I would defintly buy something from them again and highly suggest it to anyone else.

Love this phone. Its my second LG enV3. very easy to use and wonderful for texting. Love it!!! A great price too!

This phone was a replacement phone, my other phone that I got from Verizon Wireless was an ENV-2, it had broke and Verizon Wireless stated that the ENV-2 was now retired.  I found a new ENV-2 available at Amazon.com and was very happy that I could get another one.  This is the first time I purchased from Amazon.  I ordered my phone on a Sunday evening and it was shipped to my house and I received it three days later on a Wednesday.  I am very happy with my phone and extremely happy with the ease of ordering from Amazon.  Also, very satisfied with the speedy delivery of the product.  I will recommend Amazon and plan on using them again for future purchases.Thank you.

The phone came in a timely fashion.  I haven't opened it to use it yet.  I bought it refurbished.  I guess time will only tell whether it is in good shape or not.  I did buy it for a good price.

It was ok. One drop and broke. Would recommend a slide open one then a flip one after a while it wouldn't close all the way

I bought this phone for my teenage daughter. She is very rough on her phones. I had one in the past and loved it so I bought another one. SHe loves her phone. SHe is a huge texter so this phone works great for her needs! I would buy it again!

Great phone. Arrived fast and was just like the description. The only thing was that it had been opened. It really did not matter because the phone was absolutely NEW and was easy to activate. With the Verizon 'save my contacts' online it was up and running in about 15 minutes. Great phone and I am thinking of purchasing another to keep as a spare.

I bought this phone because my touch screen decided to stop responding on my other one. This phone is really good for texting and calls, which is exactly what I wanted it for. It arrived in absolutely excellent shape (it took three days with expedited shipping: It would have been sooner if it wasn't for the New Year holiday), and I love it for it's simplicity. It even came with a charger that has a special part that can come off to turn the wall charger into a USB cable that I can plug into my laptop to charge it with. I would recommend this phone to anyone!

This is a good purchase. this camera takes excellent pictures and has good sound quality. I am enjoying the purchase.

I would consider buying another phone, it looks almost new. Everything is in good working condition, that includes the battery and charger.

The EnV3 is a good basic phone for talking and texting. I was tired of the smartphone and the battery draining to fast. I had to charge it every. I decided I did not need my android anymore. I had the EnV3 for a week and only had to charge it once so far. A basic phone is simple and a lot cheaper. It's also similar to my first EnV phone.

The first one we ordered for some reason wouldn't work correctly for us.  Returning the faulty phone was easy.  The company was very helpful and made suggestions for returning it.  The whole process only took a few extra days and the new phone arrived.This is a perfect phone for my husband.  Larger keyboard on the inside for texting yet the phone is small enough it doesn't take up a lot of room.

This was a Christmas gift for mom and she loves it.... I had been looking at this phone for quite sometime for her and finally decided this was the one I wanted for her... Great phone for her...

Great phone. Perfect for my needs. My previous one lasted almost three years. I would definitely buy another one for myself or my kids.

Replacement for wife's phone of same model that she was very happy with. The sound had started working only when on speaker (not real convenient). This phone seems to be working great, no complaints yet. Verizon was no longer carrying this model and don't feel the need for a smart phone yet.

Phone works well, however the screen is now popping off the front, I was disappointed to notice this, hopefully just a little glue'll fix it up real nice!

one of my favorite phones. (i go through alot) but i loved this one! its right under my iphone on my list :)

The phone looks good but when I tried to activate it, Verizon informed me that it is a device that has been reported as STOLEN!!!  Verizon rep told me that the consumer should always ask first from the seller what the MEID or ESN # is before purchasing any cell phone then to verify it with the carrier to make sure it is not a hot item.  Well, now I know.  Should be ZERO star!

I was expecting a certain level of quality because LG has a good reputation.  I have a flip or slide phone myself & I'm very happy with it, so I ordered this one for my daughter after her other phone was damaged.  This phone does not hold a charge & must constantly be either recharged, or left on the charger.  I wouldn't even mind if it required a nightly charge, but it is lucky to last an hour.  We even bought a new battery for it, but it apparently isn't the fault of the battery; it still doesn't hold a charge.  I would think twice before ordering this phone!  I am very disappointed.

I HAD THIS SAME PHONE IN MAROON AND LOVED IT,BUT WAS STARTING TO HAVE SO PROBLEMS WITH IT AFTER 4 YEARS AND DIDN'T WANT A DIFFERENT KIND.LOVE THE WAY THIS ONE IS SET UP SO I WAS SOOOO HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO GET ANOTHER NEW ONE JUST LIKE IT. DELIVERY SERVICES WAS GREAT!

Few of the keypad buttons work.  I thought it was new.  My daughter says I am an idiot.  The vendor says reset everything.  I and the vendor are wrong, my daughter is right.  The keyboard buttons either do not respond, or they over-respond.  I can't get anything on the top row to work, but to type an &#34;a&#34; for instance, means press the button and then delete the extra eight characters that are typed.I am a fool, out $50 bucks.The phone works for voice calls, the camera works for pictures.

the phone i received looks fine but the battery sticks out somewhat making the back of the phone feel uneven. the battery must be loose fitting because sometimes when i close the flip part of the phone, it just shuts off.

I needed to get out of my data plan, but couldn't get out of the contract. So I dropped my Samsung (less than stellar performing) Stratosphere, and picked this phone out. It worked adequately for the first 60 days or so and then it started randomly shutting down. This problem started to get worse...The shutdowns occurred more and more often. I contacted the seller and was told that &#34;..In the cellular industry it only takes 1-30 days to determine if a phone has a factory/manufacturing defect. After that, problems with the phone are caused by how it was handled, dropping it, too much heat/cold, excessive/over charging, etc.&#34;So I was out of luck there.. blame the customer is the way to do it apparently.I did more research online and found that this problem was occurring with many of these handsets...

Got this for my younger sister. She loved it the second it came in the mail. It was a surprise gift and she was sure surprised! She cherishes this phone and enjoys it's &#34;hip&#34; keyboard.

I had several issues at first, it was not as described. Was contacted by seller and he did his very best to make thing right. That was appreciated. THERE IS NO MP3. VERY difficult to upload music to this phone. Several processes to go through to finally get it to the phone. Very low volume unless you use headphones. However I dont think that has anything to do with the seller Although they sent me little do dads probably would not use this seller again

This LG phone is easy to use, lightweight and the texting is simple, even for a Grandma! I love it!

This phone was a major disaster for me (and apparently many others)I got it in 2009 (the first unit) and it broke with in a MONTH. Who's phone lost it's front screen (screen white, and no keypad functionality, ME!) the second phone was mailed to us with a broken flip mechanism. It flopped open and closed. When I tried to turn it off the right hinge literally almost popped out of the case.The third phone, had the phone continually restart. Telus told me to clear my messages, first of all, how does a messaging problem have to do with a phone that is not booting. and second of all, how could I erase them if my phone was continuously restarting and not coming on?The fourth phone was ok, but it had still had restarting problems. I had read online it is because of the battery contacts not making a good enough connection, so I did what they said and it seemed to work. This phones quirk was, I'LL DO WHAT YOU WAN'T ME TO DO, BUT I WONT SHOW IT ON THE SCREEN. For example, I'd go into contacts. I'd click and dial on someones name, it would still be on the contacts list by the screen, but I'd be talking to whoever I wanted to call. Oh, and this phone's screen literally flipped upside-down when I owned it. The first 1 and the 4th were both new from Verizon. The rest were refurbished, and didn't function. I regret buying this phone!!

I bought a used enV3 it said it was used but in very good condition. It arrived and I was disappointed. The phone's exterior and interior screen were scratched to Hell, there was red marker scribbled on the inside screen and the phone didn't even turn on. Total waste of $, luckily I got it back though.

I wanted to upgrade from my LG EnV2 so I order the EnV3.  I really loved this phone.  It looked good, felt good holding it, and has a good camera.  But unfortunately,  Verizon Wireless required a data plan to use it and I did not want to pay for a data package so I returned it.

Ordered 2 phones,  they came quickly,  1 didn't work so had to send back.  The process was smooth and they shipped me a new phone right away.

My mom had a texting plan on her phone, but wanted something that had a QWERTY keyboard. She was not yet eligible for an upgrade, so I picked this up for her. When the phone was working it did exactly what was asked, and was great for texting. However, like others have had issue with, the phone would occasionally just restart. Along with that messages would sometimes get stuck in limbo (wont send or receive).NOTE: Once my mom was eligible to upgrade she upgraded to a smart phone, as the feature phones available are junk. Unfortunately this is the best of the worst, but seeing as Verizon wants to shove a data plan down everyone's throat I can see why they are trying to kill feature phones.

My dream was always to buy a LG VX9200. the day I had enough money u went to buy from this seller 'my'  phone! The first few days it didn't made any problems. Just when I was listening to a phone call I heard the plastic singing! I thought that this is how it comes. But when I took my friends phone (the same) I saw that it doesn't have that singing feature!A day went by. And our singer comes apart of my phone!!! Now I got the reason why he was singing! So now I can't even glue it! I JUST WANT TO SEND BACK THIS PHONE!

The clear window on the exterior developed a cloudy area within 10 days and now is lifting loose.  I just press it back in place and keep using the phone (budgetary constraints you know)  I knew it wouldn't be top of the line but it really shouldn't be falling apart already.

I bought this phone as a replacement for a smart phone for my son. He had this phone before and liked it because it didn't have the touch screen (which always seemed to break on the smart phone).  The phone has been great.  Everything came with it and it was in great condition.  Thanks!

This is my favorite phone out of all the phones I've owned. I've had it for a few months now and had no problems. The keyboardis a good size and the camera works well. It's very sturdy. Dropped it a few times (I'm clumsy) and it hasn't had any glitches.

not what I wanted, I had trouble getting it to answer phones and ending the calls.I got another phone. Love it

Good no data package phone. Good for getting people that aren't into the texting, into it. Got it for my mom, she's liking it

As far as the product, its a good phone with only one issue that it will turn off, and not come back on. When you try and charge it, it won't charge. I have had 2 of these phones with the exact same issue.The seller of this particular product though, failed to mention the water damage and damaged MicroSD card slot. This phone had the aforementioned problem, and does not work either. So, as far as the LG Env3, its a great phone if you can get it to keep working, however as far as this seller. Don't buy from them, you will be disappointed and lose your money.

I had to request a new battery once & was quickly sent another used battery that is not any better.  I would appreciate a battery that actually holds a charge for at least a full day.  These batteries start dying in just a few hrs. I am not trying to be rude about this, but it was advertised as "100% fully functional"  I would hope that included, lasting a full day at least. Thank You. SandraONE REVIEW IS CRAP!  BOTH BATTERIES WERE USELESS!  i CAN'T BELIEVE THIS!  I am going to call Channel 2  "Fight Back!"  This is unexceptable!  This battery is worse than the first one!  Not worth $5.00.  I EXPECT A BATTERY THAT WORKS "100%" LIKE IT WAS ADVERTISED.

i recieved my replacement phone on earlier than expected and it working condition. i have never tried ordering a used or refurbished phone but glad i did, verizon was going to charge me over 100 for a replacement and i paid a little more than half that thru amazon,and it looked like new and worked as well...very pleased.

The LG enV3 is perfectly fine for what I need. Texts and phone calls. The camera is not close to what the iPhone 4 or iPhone 5. You need a data card to add music that no one mentions.If you just need a phone to stay in touch, and be able to touch, this is your baby. I actually like that it's not touch screen. It's more like typing on a laptop. All in all. If you don't need toget emails or play games on your phone (which is stupid in the first place) this is perfect. It's not exactly impressive if you're sitting at a meeting with people that all have iPhones, butthat's just a status thing. I think...don't get what you don't need. This is a perfect little phone. Almost no bells or whistles, which is what most people really need. Go for it.

Simple phone. Lasted the two years and then the front screen went fuzzy. Phone still works and keypad still works. Got it free with contract so it was worth the price.

I've only had this phone for five months and it's already s*** the bed. When I bought the phone, the external screen cover wasn't attached to the phone so I krazy glued that back on - not that big a deal. My main qualm is the fact that all at once the external screen remains white and the inner screen is distorted to the point where I can't even see what I'm doing anymore. It started four months after receiving the phone, where I could just open and close the phone a few times and the internal screen would work again. Not anymore. The phone is 100% broken now after 5 months of ownership. So if you're looking for something to tide you over until your next upgrade in a few months, get it. It worked fine until now. But don't expect it to make it past 4 months.

The phone is in good condition. No scratches. It works perfectly. Its a nice small phone s with a keyboard on the inside and buttons on the front. It also plays music. Loud speakers. fast shipping.

My sons old one died so we replaced it with this one. Works great and my son loves it. Very satisfied with this product.

Love this phone still even though not my original one purchased 4 years ago.  keypad very smooth.  However, the phone charger given with it doesn't seem to charge my phone, but the other ones around the house do.

it works very well ,thank you for sending it out so fast i had one just like it before and it went out so i was looking for the same one thanks again

I bought this phone to activate as a pre-paid phone, but it stopped functioning after about a week. My brother had previously bought the same model and it is currently working fine, which is why I will still give this product three stars. This phone is known to shut itself off due to a small design flaw with the battery, but it was reported to be easily fixed by slipping a piece of paper between the phone and its battery. This solution worked well for my brother, but unfortunately my phone still shuts itself off even with a full charge and will not turn back on. My phone is also used, which means that problems are to be expected.Although this is a decent phone with a very large keypad for texting, I recommend that you save yourself from a potential headache by investing in another, more reliable model.

I am very satisfied with my new phone! It works well and is handy.just the right phone I was looking for...

Not happy with this phone at all. Does not hold a charge, locks up with a white screen and cuts out when talking!

I was very happy with my product. I like it because I do not have to be under contract with a cell phone company yet I still can get the same phone I want even when it is discontinued. It came in the time frame as promised.

had phone 4 close 2 yrs now.  Those touch screen wont apply to my always cold finger tips.  this phone is simple and very durable unlike the new phonesare so light and of inferior casing.

I bought this item early September 2012, been using it ever since. I love the functionality, the look and the keyboard is nice and big! The random shut off problem is super easily fixed (search youtube!) and is due to the fact the battery is built as one back piece. The only major concern I have with this phone is battery life, mine cant seem to stay charged, but that might be just be the reality of having an older phone.. :/I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a cheaper replacement that feels like nicer quality.Cute, great basic phone for the text savvy!

It's just an average phone. The keys get stock when texting. The external screen is too small. It needed to be open in order to find items I am looking for.

A waste of money.  The battery has to be recharged every 24 hours even when the phone is not in use. Fortunately I was able to return the phone(at my expense) and got my money back.

No matter what you read about this phone online, Verizon considers this a smartphone. They require a $60 prepaid package for this phone. They phone itself works, shipping was good.

Perfect phone for my little girl.  The battery life it's great and ready to use.  She loves her new phone.

The phone arrived promptly, looked new and functions well for my son to use. The keyboard works well on the phone.

This is probably the worse phone I have ever purchased.  Since Aug 16th, date of purchase I have gone through 3 batteries.  The phone gets hot and the battery dies.  Also the phone lock feature totally s----, since when it is in the case it will turn it self or make a call for me.  I rate this phone junk for the money.  This is being written May 7th, 2013.  Hopefully there is a warrenty on this.

Great little phone got it for my  13 year old daughter she loves it, seems pretty durable she's not very gentle with things

I love the phone.  It's has everything and more than I expected for the price.  Still learning to use all the functions,.

I'm a teenage girl who got this phone for Christmas because everyone had it and it seemed good for texting. It was totally fine until last June after I started using it more frequently. It would repeatedly turn itself off for what seemed like no reason. Then we took it to the Verizon store and they said it was a known product glitch and replaced it for free. I later figured out that the "glitch" was actually more of a defect and was caused by the battery coming loose. This was totally fine until maybe September or October when it started doing the exact same thing as it did before. I just sucked it up until the problem got really out of hand. However, since the phone only had a one-year warranty, they told me that my options were to deal with the phone and its problems or buy a new phone before my contract was up, costing my parents a ridiculous (and unnecessary) sum of money. Not only will I re-evaluate doing business with Verizon when the time comes to start paying my own cell phone bill, but I will also be very hesitant to purchase LG cell phones in the future. I currently carry my phone around with a generous amount of duct tape holding the battery into place so it will not turn itself off, and even that is not proving to be 100% effective.Pros: full keyboard, good cameraCons: known glitch that will not be fixed, bulky

The phone works, but you have to expect it will suffer in comparison to other phones out today.  I got it mainly because I needed a basic phone option for family, and the basic phones available at Verizon are not much better than these, and cost you a two year contract or a lot more money.The main concern I have is that although it was advertised as brand new, the phone came in generic packaging--like the packaging I receive when I get a refurbished phone from insurance.  Additionally, when I plug it in with the power cable and adapter it came with, the phone displays a message &#34;this cable was not made for this phone&#34;.  It charges anyway though.  And when I reached out to the seller about this, they just said this is common for this model.  So take it for what it's worth...

The phone fits most of the basic needs. You have to open it to read most texts and there is a limit on how many words you can text which is annoying.Finding a replacement charger for the faulty one included is proving to be a pain.

need to constantly plug in... quite often when out for the day... do not have a phone avail b/c of no charge left...  i do not even talk on the phone much... keep this with me for emergency mostly... however, not reliable since charge down to one bar after just 2 hours without even talking or using it.....

Great phone for texting and calling.  The phone camera is relatively decent.  But the phone seems to be really durable.

This phone is supposed to be an upgrade to the maroon envy III phone that I had. The picture quality stinks and the volume comes and goes, for instance if I set the volume on vibrate only after 3 phone calls this stupid phone will ring!!!I'm so disappointed. I wish my old phone never brokeWhat a waste of my hard earned money!!

Bought for my kid. Wanted a dcent phone that didn't require data. This one fit the bill. Verizon activates a data plan  but was able to call them and have the data turned off.

This phone was bought as a replacement for our daughter's broken cell phone.  It came quickly and in good condition.

Very nice phone and arrived as advertised.  I'm just a talk & text user who will take photos occasionally.  This fits that use very well.  Strong battery, easy use/setup and clear reception on calls to date.  Would definetely recommend this phone.

The phone itself is very nice. the only down side to this phone is the battery is horrible. its a brand new phone and my battery will be fully charged and if i call someone for legit ten seconds, my battery dies. still trying to figure out how to fix this.

I am preparing to leave the country but needed a phone for a few months while still in the USA.  Rather than renewing a plan or going to Straight Talk, I decided to purchase a Verizon phone from Amazon.  After a lot of searching, I decided to purchase this one.  It is fantastic!  The only two complaints I have are:-when I plug in the phone to charge it says the cord if not recommended for the phone.  It came WITH the phone.  I don't understand.-When I was charging it with my computer, the phone turned off twice.  So, I unplugged it and used the wall charger.But, the phone is great!  I'm glad to have one that fully functions, as my other one was pretty bad.I also purchased one (in red) for my brother.

This is my second phone of this model. First one was from Verizon and it lasted 3 years and then wouldn't charge the battery. I thought it was the battery - but turned out to be in the phone. Verizon did not sell this model anymore. Found one on Amazon and have been using it over a year. I have had no problems with it. Of all the phones I have seen with the keyboard - I like this one best. The keys are far enough apart, that my fat fingers usually only hit one key when I am texting. It has everything that I need in a phone  plus some I don't.

This phone has a known glitch that verizon nor LG will do anything about. I purchased it and it began immediately giving me issues. If i was you i would steer clear of this phone!

I received this phone less than one week ago. I really liked it.  The screen went fuzzy in less than 4 days of usage. I am returning it. I hate that the refurbished phone didn't last. I called the supplier and all i got was a voice mail - nobody to talk to.

I received my LG enV3 a few weeks ago and I am very pleased with my new phone. The battery life is great, I hear callers very clearly and my phone was delivered in excellent condition. I haven't taken pictures yet, but the holidays will take care of that when I visit family and friends.

At last a phone that works like it should.  I needed a good phone without the fancy stuff (iphone).  This is the best phone I have owned yet.

Not a perfect phone, but I wanted something to get me out of my contract with out spending a fortune.  This fit the bill.

Replaced the identical phone I've owned for several years. Has all the right combination of style and features for a basic phone.

A great, durable phone. This is my 4th enV in about 9 years. I highly recommend to anyone who is ahrd on phones.

Just what we needed... Great voice phone and texting.. Replaces an enV3 that was 5 years old that our daughter has beat to heck... No 2 year plan and no added data plan... Should buy a couple more for my wife and myself.. Ours are also 5 years old but working fine..

so far, so good.  There are some things I don't like (short period before keys lock, for instance) but overall, this phone is a joy to carry and use.  Formerly had an LG enV 11000, but hardware problems with screens dying finally turned me off.  I do not live through my phone so I don't need a &#34;smart phone&#34;...this one is just great !!!

My husband likes basic phones. Happy to find another one like the one he had that broke. So happy I bought him two!

cheaper than replacement with insurance.  My son is tough on phones, and this makes it simple to replace without having to pay for insurance or to renew contract everytime.  Great condition item.  Never an issue.

I love this env3! Qwerty and no random shut off! The customer service was excellent and the condition of the phone was even better than expected! My order was easy to track and my phone arrived on time as promised.  I highly recommend this phone and this seller. Will definitely use again!

It is a really good phone but doesn't stream video but u have to pay data plan. Its because music player works while on internet.

Speaker went out, cant replace it. not able to hear any calls. Stop working right after the 30 day warranty

The cell phone works perfect, i was just a little dissapointment because the front screen is very scratched. When i bought it on the comments says it was very good condition. Other than that the cell phone works fine for what I needs it.

I had an env3 before and loved it. Verizon quit making this phone and when mine broke I was devastated!  I then bought a used one locally for $20 and it lasted me about 8 months then the battery died! I went on Amazon hoping I could still get this model of phone and they had one available. I would buy another one in an instant if needed. It is a user friendly phone and shipping was super fast. This phone is highly recommended!

So far it is everything l was hoping it would be.Texting with the qwerty is very convenient and the features are all easily accessed via the menu format.It also is not as fragile as other models,so far. A good phone at a good price,whats not to like.

I bought one of these phones in February 2013 for our teenaged son, who had broken the phone we bought him at Verizon.  I was worried about buying a phone on Amazon, thinking perhaps Verizon would refuse to activate it, or that it would be a reconditioned used one.  Happily, Verizon activated it with no questions asked (and no 2 year contract!) and it was brand new in the box.He likes this phone because of the ease of texting with the flip-open keyboard, and because of the great still and video camera and speaker sound.  We've disabled Internet capability on his phone, but that worked too when we tested it before turning it off.  The only downside of this phone is that the battery it came with doesn't hold a charge longer than a day.  We plan to replace the battery at some point and aren't really surprised because most of our family's phones came with wimpy batteries.This week I bought two more of these phones for our two teenage daughters, who had worn out their phones with texting.  This LG enV3 VX9200 is a solid, dependable phone for teenagers or those who don't need a touch screen.  And the best part is that we aren't being forced to buy a phone at the Verizon $tore and be locked into a 2-yr contract.

Had this phone for 2  1/2 years.....best phone I have in 15 plus years. decebt features does eveything you would need..Biggest problem i have upgrading to a new smart phone, is this phone....I like it!

When looking to buy a new phone, I researched a lot of different phones; I have had this phone before and liked it so when I found it on Amazon I thought great this is the one for me. The site had two different phones advertised NEW and REFURBISHED; I didn&#8217;t want to buy a refurbished phone so I clicked on the new button to add to my cart, but after receiving the phone I realized that it was refurbished.

I bought this for a friend. they needed a basic phone but with a keyboard to make texting easier. He seems to like it. It serves its purpose at a great price.

love this phone.  Does exactly what we need in a cell phone, and is very resilient for my farm husband.  Vendor was top notch.  Had a minor issue with the first.  Their customer service was fantastic and quickly shipped us the replacement phone.  This is the only phone we use in this family.  Update:  after receiving 2nd phone, no issues.  Flawless performance from item and from vendor.  VERY pleased.

I always research the highest rated phones before getting a 'New Every Two' upgrade with Verizon.  The enV3 is a great texting phone.  If you are experiencing the Random Shut Down issue, there is an Easy Fix!  Take off the battery.  Then use a dry cotton [tip] swab to massage the battery terminals on the phone and on the battery.  I found a demonstration video quickly with a search.I had the problem after over two years of perfect performance, and this Easy Fix came through when software/firmware updates, and a new battery fell short.  Enjoy your enV3!

The phone is easy to handle and use that has comfortable key pad front and when opened up. Has 2 key pads to dial. when flipped opened when dialing will not hang up. very clear sound too.

This phone has the greatest camers of all the phones out there.  That is one of the most important features since I like tec things simple, but want great pictures of the grandkids.

Package came quickly and in perfect condition. Phone works great! Would recommend to anyone who wants a basic phone for a good price.

What can i really say about this phone? everyone I know who had had this phone has had it for forever.This thing never dies and works well.Decent camera...and got me the 5 months between upgrades when my previous phone died.

My daughter had the older version of this phone which went kaput. It's hard to find a good phone anymore that doesn't have a touch screen. This one fits the bill. It's all she needs to talk and text.

Bought for my husband and he did like it till it started turning off for no reason. Do not know if it is a flaw in the phone but it must be. He has since got a phone directly from Verizon and I doubt we would buy another off of this seller.

The phone works great. It was a little scratched, but that was told to us up front. My wife loves this phone, and if I ever got rid of my smart phone this is the model I would choose. However, the charger included with this didn't work, which was a huge bummer to us.

so far so good. BASIC TEXTING PHONE BUT I DON'T NEED ALL OF THE BELLS AND WHISTLES LIKE THE SMARTPHONES HAVE.

Phone works fine.  None of the reported battery problems some of the reviews talked about and in fact I can go more than a week without recharging with light use.  No issues after a month of use.

Product is ok but Definitely a rebuilt phone. that used to be a maroon phone but has been rebuilt to slate gray. phones memory operates slower than the phone it replaced so is slow at doing various functions. I do wish seller had been up front about it being a rebuilt phone instead of implying it was a new phone... buyer beware ...

I agree with all of the positive reviews.  The phone was in excellent, new condition.  No scratches, no dents.  Battery lasts a good 5 days on a full charge.  I needed a phone with a physical key board on the outside and inside that flips open, this fits the bill perfectly.  You can even make and send calls from the inside qwerty key board, which is great for texting. I only needed a phone for calling and texting.  I  do not need to use the internet feature, so I declined the $10.00 monthly data charge that Verizon will charge you for.  I activated the phone with a Verizon rep. through their call center. Make sure to tell them you don't want any data charges.  At first I could only hear callers from the speaker phone. I could not hear from the front ear piece, although they could hear me. I discovered that several reviewers have run into this problem.  I went on line and found a fix. You must turn up the KEYPAD VOLUME!  Turn off your speaker button. Go to Menu, then to Settings and Tools, then to Sound Settings, then to Keypad Volume, Set to High then hit OK. You will now be able to hear from the front of the phone.  Enjoy.

Phone works great, husband and I decided we did not want the new technology expensive phones that never work. This one does everything we need, calls and texts! Very happy with the who I ordered it from, very fast shipping!

This is a great little cell phone.  It's easy to use with flip qwerty keyboard.  Good picture quality too and a handy video cam.

Exactly what I wanted! The phone was in god condition and works great. All accessories included and working perfectly. Thanks!

Teh first phone we ordered died suddenly.  I called the company and they said they would send out another phone.  I was a little skeptical because it just seemed to good to be true and they were too agreeable!!  I guess I'm not used to good customer service.  Anyway, within a week the "new' phone arrived and has worked perfectly!  We will definitely do business again.

I enjoy using the Env3. I've used it for several years. So far this one seems to be a good phone.

keeps shuting on and off,gave up and went back to old phone tried everything nothing worked never again will i order.

Nice phone with good texting features.  Only problem is that ringer (no matter which one is chosen) is too low and often hard to hear.

The battery on this particular model  is worthless. You will need to charge it  every 3 hours to keep it charged. When it died...  Verizon had no battery to replace the one on the phone , consequently I had to buy a NEW phone . NOW to get all the information off of the LG I have to buy a new battery for it !!! Don't even bother with this one.

This phone has some troubles with shutting off randomly, but once I cleaned the battery connectors it seemed to fix the problem.  Nice keyboard, though it took awhile to get used to since I used to have an LG Env2 and the keyboard is very different.  Nice camera and set up.

Got this for my husband who hated his smart phone.  He loves this one and is able to work it with ease.

The first LG Env3 I rec'd had problems with the speaker.  Within 3 days I had a new one that works great.  The customer service was great!  They were very prompt and made it hassle free for me, they sent a prepaid package for my return that I just had to drop in my mailbox.  It is nice to actually have a hassle free return and a company that responses quickly.  I will certainly use them again.

The key board is great for me, reliable phone keyboard is large, easy to use, and the program is easy to follow.

My wife loves this phone! She had one a few years ago and when it wore out we tried some other models which she hated. I bought her another one this month and she loves it. Nice screen and keyboard.

This phone is really good however they shouldn't list is as a &#34;new phone&#34; cause it's not. They should categorize it as used

Good basic phone. Great for texting, and general phone calling.You don't have to pay a lot to get a decent phone - which this one IS.

This phone lasted maybe 2 months.  First the inside screen flickered and then altogether died.  This prevented me from deleting texts.  Which of course made the phone worthless... oh well...

I bought this sister for my phone and it lasted about a month before it completely fell apart. The screen fell off, quickly followed by the keyboard...

This was a replacement for my contract phone that was in a serious accident and died.  I had done this before (not through amazon) and the phone was a piece of crap.  However it worked out great this time really like the phone and it activated just fine on my verizon acct. So far happy w/ the phone and the service I received in the purchase.

This is a great product. It delivers what the makers promised.  Great for kids who don't need data. Only $65 bucks? Worth every cent!

went to this phone because i had one before and it worked well. No longer needed all the bells and whistles of a droid.  Good phone and good price.

The LG enV VX9200 Verizon Cell Phone is just fine, but it did not come with an instruction booklet.  Therefore, LG emailed me a copy of the booklet, and it printed out to be about 100 pages.....a waste of a lot of paper.

after many lost and damaged phones this is my husbands 5th phone. It's actually one of the best ones he's had. It has great battery life, great reception, easy to use and is just what we were looking for. A basic phone with Text and picture capabilities.I ordered this phone and it was delivered quickly and the value was great.

This would have been the perfect style phone for me (or so I believe).  I don't want a touch screen phone.  I love the design of this phone.  Unfortunately, I received a lemon (actually two lemons).  On the first phone, the beautiful black color on the phone (near the screen, above the keyboard) was chipped.  The phone did not appear to be new even though I was paying for a new phone.  The vendor quickly sent a replacement phone, but it looked as if someone damaged the inside of the phone (where the battery goes) with a sharp object.  There was also some damage to a small plate in the phone (one end slightly sticking up as if it had been forced up).  The front of the second phone had scratches that made the phone look like it had been used.  I returned both phones.More bad news, I bought the phone as a bundle.  Amazon &#34;suggested&#34; the items in the bundle.  Amazon sent a pre-paid label for the return of the phone and car charger, but I am faced with having to pay to ship the other accessories back to their vendors.  The cost of return shipping would be equivalent to or greater than the cost of the other items.  This would make no sense since I had to pay for some of the items to be shipped to me in the first place.  Nevertheless, I don't need the accessories since I don't have the phone.I shall just donate the new screen protectors and the new body glove to a non-profit organization like Goodwill or Salvation Army.  They will not fit a phone that is shaped differently (right now, I don't have a cell phone).  Buyer, beware of Amazon bundles.  If all items are from Amazon, GREAT!  If any item is outsourced and from another vendor, you may get stuck with part of a bundle.  It is not my fault that the phone I received was damaged.  I really lost money on this deal.It would have been nice if Amazon had allowed me to send the phone AND accessories to them.  The accessories were unused but appeared to be in good condition.  I am certain that Amazon could have sold the items.  This way Amazon would take some responsibility for items they &#34;suggested&#34; the consumer buy together.  I had not even thought about screen protectors or a body glove for the phone. Now, I am stuck with them.Live and learn!

Phone arrived quickly and packaged appropriately. Looked like a new phone.  The instructions didn't work for me but i called Verizon and had the phone programmed and working in 5 mins.

I have two of these phones and already one of them will not even turn on and the other one will shut off and do stupid things.I bought them about 3 months ago and they are already done for. Really disappointed with them. I don't know if there is a warrantywith them or not.

IT DID NOT APPEAR &#34;NEW&#34; (AS ADVERTISED) AS IT DID NOT COME WITH ANY ORIGINAL WRAPPINGS/BOX OR EVEN A SEMI SEALED APPEARANCE.  THE CHARGER THAT CAME WITH IT DIDN'T WORK.  IT WORKS, AND ITS THE PHONE AS DESCRIBED BUT NOT QUITE AS ADVERTISED

This phone was sold as NEW and it was NOT, Verizon verified that this was a refurbished phone.  The speaker on the phone doesn't work at all, no sound, no ringer.  When I tried to dispute the seller would not contact me back.Bottom line this may be a good little phone for the features ect. but when you expect a new product as advertised & paid for that is what you should get not something that malfunctions & is refurbished.

I would like the phone for everything that it offers, however this phone does not stay charged.  It's been like that since the day I bought it.  Don't expect to go away 2 days without bringing your charger, you won't have any bars.  When the phone isn't used the charge still dies.

This phone stopped working completely after 1.5 weeks of owning it. The screen went black and the sound was muffled. Absolutely had to be returned.

I absolutely love my LG enV3 phone. This is my third one of this series. First one got washed and when I went to get a replacement I was told the enV3 was no longer being made.  I thought Oh, NO! Thank god for Amazon.com and other who have them for sell. This particular phone does everything I want it to do it keeps my music, easy to text on, and it is just the right size. The is no phone out there better.

This is a trusty older model good for phone and test use. Not high grade browsing or surfing the web. Great price for the phone.

This is the perfect phone for a 13 year old.  Not too sophisticated or complicated.  Just calling and texting capabilities.

I ordered two of these lg env3 (vx9200) cause I loved this phone and I wanted to change my plan to basic phones. They are great but one came with the wrong software and the other doesnt have the proper updated software it needs so I cant put music on it. So that is a big disappointment. Especially when you don't have transportation to a Verizon store to get it updated probably....

WORKS GREAT AND WAS ON TIME.

got this referb. enV3 it works perfectly. not the greatest battery life but the phone works great with no problems at all

Phone was in great condition, even came with a charger but the problem it had was that the battery life was horrible after a week and I wasnt to happy with that since I wound up buying a new battery for it.Overall it was fine, got me through being phoneless. All that matters.

My granddaughter broke her very old, used cell phone and we purchased this one online to replace it. Everything works great on it and now we are just wating for mom and dad to activate it.

I have had nothing but trouble with this phone. There is a defect in it where the side is swollen and partially open, I have to keep taking the battery out for it to work, Half the time it doesn't ring., I can't send a tex nor can I call out. I'm not very happy with it.

This is probably one of the better non-smart phones I've dealt with.  No complaints. It's got a qwerty keyboard, optional internet access, and all the general little goodies you'd want if you wanted to switch up to a data plan.  Thankfully for me though I don't need or want a data plan.

Phone seemed fine at first then showed isues with camer, freezes up and has shut down on me as well. These phones are great new we have had 2, but as they get abit older they have alot of querks like the charging port and the issues ive already mentioned. So i dont recomend used on this model. Good luck

Only cost me 30 bucks.

I've had my first enV3 (the burgundy red one) for well over 3 yrs, and it's finally showing its age. I keep getting "invitations" from Verizon to upgrade, but since I'm ditching the husband attached to the account, I don't want to be stuck with another 2-yr contract on the line - plus, I can't get the enV3 thru Verizon anymore. :pI agree w/other reviewers; if you're looking for a solid phone for calling, texting and taking decent pix, this is the one you want. I bought an SD card for added memory because I take a LOT of pix with my phone; more on that later.I was dragged into the 21st century reluctantly when it came to texting; the fact that I have a teen-age daughter finally made it a necessity. The QWERTY keyboard is easy and comfortable to use, and the size of the inside screen is great for these (ahem!) somewhat aging eyeballs to see without squinting. I like the feel of the phone itself, and it fits into the front pocket of my jeans perfectly. As another reviewer mentioned, I'm not crazy about touch-screen phones because they just seem too finicky for me - and yes, I butt/pocket dial now and then - but I could put a locking code on if I felt like it. It just doesn't happen that often to matter to me, I guess.I've had to replace the battery only once in all this time - and even ordered that thru Amazon upon the advice of a rep at a Verizon store. She told me I'd get it about 75% cheaper here, and she was right! And here's a trick she taught me that might help some of you with battery and/or shut-off issues: She folded a small, thin, piece of plain paper into a narrow rectangle and placed it under the battery (not near any connecting points) so the battery would fit a little more snugly, and that completely eliminated the problems I'd been having with my phone shutting off unexpectedly and not holding a charge.I use my cell phone as my "main" phone; therefore I almost never turn it off, and would go to sleep with it plugged into the charger. I've only recently learned that leaving a phone plugged in beyond the point when it's fully charged wears on the battery and will lessen its life. But - I need to have my phone on, and I need it to be charged, so for now, I try to pay more attention during the day, charge it then, and unplug promptly. I've also heard that you're supposed to allow the battery to drain completely down before recharging it, but again, that's just not feasible for me. I plan to get an extra battery at the same time I buy the blue version - that should cut down on those hassles in my situation.Now about the pix: I'm constantly amazed by the awesome ones I'm able to take on a PHONE(!) - and when necessary, it has a great little editing package; zooming, brightening, cropping, etc. For my purposes, I often think it's actually easier (and faster) to modify pix right then and there, rather than mess around later when I transfer pix to the computer. And, when I go to upload to the computer, I very seldom feel the need "tweak" them because what I did on the phone looks great. One admission; this would be the only time it could use a little bit bigger screen to more easily see finer details, but even so - that's negligible compared to all the capabilities.I've used quite a few phones over the years, but this is the one that I have truly ENJOYED owning - and the one everyone wants after they've borrowed it! :D

It was fine, for a old phone. It  works and thats all that maters, am i right or am i right.

My daughter really likes this phone and her's broke and our plan was not up for a renewal. Purchased one off of EBAY that stated it was new, but when received it was scratched and it kept shutting off so we had to return it. We went on Amazon and found the same phone-it was perfect and works great.

I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I received the phone. I had the same phone for 2+ years and never had any problems. Phone was in great condition and is everything I expected.

Key board did not work, took to local Verizon to see if it was just on a lock that I could not figure out but it was not. It was actual broke. So I am disatisfied with reciecing a broken product :( A gift at that! Did get a satisfactory response though!

Best phone I've had! Its AWESOME! To bad the company I had doesn't have the plan I wanted because this was an awesome phone. Perfect for the Txt-Only people.

About the only thing this phone is good for is texting, with outer and inner keyboards (the inner being a QWERTY and much easier to work with). I went through FOUR of these phones (warranty) before I got my upgrade today.Phone #1 worked for 8 months. Then, it would randomly shut off and sometimes whenever I tried to turn it back on, it would say "improper battery" and shut off after 10 seconds.Phones #2-4 all had the exact same issue, and probably my biggest issue. The earpiece and mouthpiece would randomly (and constantly) "mute" themselves, with every volume of the phones on "high" level and the phone was never put on vibrate mode. This disabled anyone from hearing me if I tried to make calls, and disabled me from hearing people if they tried to call me. MAJOR issue considering I have family I need to keep up with.Finally, I went to Verizon with phone #4 in hand (after being ridiculed on their forums because they insisted the calls were not going through and that was why I was not hearing anything....umm, are you seeing the timer tick? No, because I am, so obviously the calls are going through) and was upgraded to the LG Octane. Much better phone. This one is pretty, and again has good texting, but that's about it.

Got it in a nice package,only thing missing was the manual but it's not like I needed it anyway.Got it one day earlier than expected.

Works great for a talk text phone for our employees.  We own several. Very fast shipping and everything was included as advertised.  Highly Recommend for an inexpensive talk/text need phone

Great product - received with no issues package received in time promised it even came with instructions on how to activate.

Ordered a blue Envy3 and received blue but the inner workings are that of the maroon Envy3.  Not sure how that happens, but not crazy about the maroon.  Other than that, it's a great phone, just wish it was the blue I ordered.  I did contact the company, but they never answered back.

The phone is not working-have to turn on the speaker to make or receive phone calls, or there is no sound. Trying to get a refund, but they told me they will charge me 20% for restocking if it is not in "original condition". I asked what "original condition" mean, since I peeled away the plastic cover for the screen. No answer since then. Junkie phone, dead-cold service.update---I finally decided to get an exchange. I waited for more than three weeks to get the phone. However, the phone seems to work this time...All in all, I paid extra money for shipping a phone which is not working, and waited for a very long time to get a replacement. Very unhappy with this purchase! Not recommended.

The phone came in record time and was in good condition. The problem I had was that the phone didn't come with an owners manuel. Luckily the phone is pretty user friendly so I was able to figure most things out on my own.

I bought my phone elsewhere, but I would caution anyone to think twice before ordering an LG phone.When I took out the battery I couldn't get it back in; a little tiny spring, about 5mm long, popped out of a niche where the battery tab inserts. The battery wouldn't stay after that. LG offered me  a repair from their service at the 'bargain' price of between $40 and $100! I have asked them repeatedly to simply send me the spring, even at my own expense, or to direct me to a non-LG source, but I have only gotten bureaucratic BS about company policies. I have written directly to the CEO of LG in Korea and am waiting to see what happens. My family has owned four LG phones - if they don't fix this, there will never be another LG product of any kind coming through my door, not so much as an LG paperclip.

This type of cell phone is becoming more difficult to find.  I purchased this for my wife because she just wanted a phone for calling and texting.  She is not yet interested in a true smartphone.  The phone is solid, the speakers are clear.  On the receiving end of the call, the microphone does a very nice job of transmitting the message making the call clarity great.  This is a good phone, and in the short amount of time my wife has used this, I would recommend it.When activating this with Verizon, I was forced to select a data plan.  This is not a smartphone, but is termed as a media phone.  The activation default is a minimum $10/month 75MB data plan.  I did not wish to have a data plan, and I was not please that we were forced into spending the additional $10.  Upon calling Verizon customer service, Mark with Verizon did not hesitate to remove this unwanted feature.  They do have an easy work around.So if you want a nice phone with a separate keyboard that still has actual buttons to dial, this is a good phone.  You CAN by-pass the data plan requirements with a very simple call to Verizon customer service.  I am very please with the choice to purchase this phone.

within 2 hours of getting the phone activated one of the hinges cracked and the phone would not close. I ordered 2 of these phone and this happened on both.

well first, when I bought this it said it was new not refurbished and when I took it to verizon they said that is not true, it was not a new phone. They also did transfer my photos from my old  phone to this one from my card however this phone did not let those pics show up on my phone again. I had to transfer them to my computer so I did not lose them but could not have any on my phone so I have to start all over. It makes no sense since they were all on the card and now in my phone but still can't see them anymore

I bought this phone because I am sick of my cell phone company trying to push technology on me that I don't want or need.I had this phone in the past and really loved it!So when I came across it here on Amazon,I bought for a good price.The only regret that I have about this order is that the deal didn't come with the manual of operation.Otherwise,the phone has been functioning great and I did receive the phone exactly as described by the distributor.

I have already explained that this phone came not functioning, it was sold as new but it wasn't. it was defective, I would love get one that worked.

Having no need for data as I just talk and text, this enV3 is a perfect fit for me.  I'm glad I was able to find a replacement after my original phone finally bit the dust.

This was ordered for a b-day present and it was perfect. It was exactly what he was looking for. Thanks you for a great product and fast shipping!

I've had this phone before and loved it. The speakers aren't as great as I remembered, but they work fine. Holds a good amount of music, clear and loud when on the phone with someone, and it's easy to txt and email. THIS PHONE IS CONCIDERED A SMART PHONE WITH VERIZON WIRELESS. Just saying.

This is my 3rd enV in about 8 years.  My 1rst one (enV2) actually still works!  I hope they never stop making these phones.  This is the best texting phone for those who love an actual keyboard.

great phone in every category! keep it nice in a case and dont drop too viciously and itll last for years! Very Very pleased.

This phone worked fine for few months then the sound went out and had to buy another phone.  Pretty disappointed.

Had this phone for two months now the charge port is sloppy like all the other LG en v phones not accepting a charge.Only 30 day warranty. save your hard earn money.

The phone does not produce sound and I'm experiencing a hassle getting them to take it back. It is a defective device.

hey, guys. if you're having issues with the phone randomly shutting down, do yourself a favor, and check out this video. i hope it works for you!http://youtu.be/zL9wvkW2ITs

I love my little phone. It is easy to use for an old dude like me. I would recommend one for someone who just wants a simple device.

While the phone appears o.k., it does not work at all.  Took it into a local Verizon store and they could not fix either.  Plan on sending it back and hopefully getting a refund.

I was happy I found this replacement phone on Amazon. The phone worked fine but after about two weeks of use it turned off by itself and would turn off while I'll was texting. It also started to pause way to long in response to a pressed key. Thanks to Amazon's return policy, I was able to return it for a refund. Not sure if these phones were new or refurbished. Oh well. I'm still searching for a good replacement because Verizon seems to be putting out crappy new phones for text and voice inorder to push us into a smart phone. No thanks Verizon!

This is a great upgrade to the LG enV2 phone. Still prefer the older flip phones over the smart phones.

it works good I love it  im happy with my new phone don't have to worry about losing someones phone call

We have not tried the phone yet because it is a Christmas present for my son, but it came in good shape. Thanks

I have been through 5 of the LG enV3 phones.  I do not suggest this phone to anyone.  I had done the trick with taking and rubbing a cotton swab in the battery terminal, but I still am experiencing random shut downs.  I have had this phone even shut off in the middle of very long text messages.  Once it even shut off in the middle of a call.  After my first two, they did an upgrade where the battery was not the back of the phone; they put a case over the battery.  This does not help anything.  I also experience very slow text messaging.  The phone cannot keep up with how fast I enter in the letters.  I signed up to receive emails on my phone and if I turn it on silent, the vibrate setting still goes off for my emails.  This is very disturbing when I am in a meeting.  The only good thing about this phone is that is it indestructible.  I have dropped this phone so many times I cannot even count it on both my hands.  I have put many chips and dents in the side of this phone.  (This is not the reason why my phone shuts off.  It did this way before I dropped it).  Another terrible quality with this phone is that the picture quality is terrible.

Phone stopped working, turns off during random times, espcially when texting, not happy with this product, would not buy it again.

received phone quickly, I was replacing the same phone that had a cracked face. The phone works well and seems to be durable. battery life is exceptional. Old style phone but easy to use. Only problem is the ringer isn't very loud, even a full volume.

i bought this phone for my husband as a replacement to the one he is using. he has a verizon prepaid number and plan. i got told by verizon that they can not use this phone on my husbands prepaid because this one is not set up for verizon prepaid.

Got phone hooked up to network and right from the get go it did not work properly.  The S button did not work right.  Also numbers and letters would automatically appear on the screen with out pressing any buttons.This phone is no good.

This phone is pretty awesome. Ive used it for 2 years, upgraded to a pantech crux, and I just went back to this one. Origional problem was that the phone would die randomly without battery being dead. I took it in multiple times to verizon for a "software update" where the software was updated. But each time I did this the battery problem was fixed for a while. Mysterious. I later found out that the verizon employees who updated them also put a little plastic thing under the battery connectors on the phone because they lacked spring. Design flaw. But after about a month the turning off issue was back so I put a new little plastic thing that does not collapse like the old ones and has been relatively permanent. No more time-consuming "software updates" and the phones problem is fixed. Amazing phone if you want a simple OS and fantastic keyboard.

It turned on and was activated for around 2 days, then it just shut off. It was awful. I bought it for my sister because her other phone broke, and it was the worst purchase I've ever made off Amazon. $40 wasted.

First one incomplete wake up and given a refurbished when stated it was brand new. The 2nd one doesn't decisive phones calls. I give up

I owned an EV2 before this phone which I loved.  This phone has the same features I loved in the previous model and new feature that build upon and improve in this model.  Perfect phone for those of us who are still holding off on smart phones.

New never been used ENV3, bringing back the days! Just got it and i hope it will last me a long time, only time will tell.

Great Battery life and good for texting my daughter loves the phone.  A good basic phone to reduce the her Internet usage.

Terrible phone for the pocket.  The phone lock is the "OK" button and it constantly pocket dials even when the ok button needs to be hit twice.  The phone came with a bad charging cable and I contacted their customer service for them to say "Would you like a new charger cable" Ah yes I would.  Can not charge the phone with out it.  Waited three weeks for the new cable, never received it.  Bought a universal for $20.00 so I could use the phone.

The phone is a great basic phone and as so far been very reliable. Much less expensive then doing the two year deal with Verizon. Great price.

I bought this phone with the intention of skipping having to go to the Verizon store.  Dealing with the sales people and all the different products and plans can drive you nuts.  With that said, the phone arrived fairly quickly, as most of my Amazon orders do.  Activating the phone was a five minute deal on Verizon's website.  As far as the phone goes, it was in very good shape and has had no issues to date, nor do I expect any.  I got exactly what I paid for, a phone.  This phone can be used for the internet, but I had Verizon turn that feature off.  So all in all, another terrific purchase from Amazon.

It is smaller than i expected and the battery will not hold a charge long.It is not that ease to operate.

I have not seen the item.My friend wanted a NEW(LG env3 VX9200)phone and not a refurb.Verizon gave him a new touch screen,but he felt more comfort w/what he was used to the LG VX9200.

This is the second phone like this I have had...love it.  The flip open keyboard is very convenient for texting and it is way more durable than you would imagine, except it doesn't like water (thats what happened to the first one).  Would reccommend this phone to anyone.  Great color too.

My son needed a phone for texting but we didn't want to put him on a data plan yet. This was a great way to give him the benefit of a phone for calls as well as an easier way to text because of the full keyboard on the inside.I was able to activate this through Verizon and although when I tried to do it online, it told me I needed a data plan with it, when I called a representative, they were able to activate it without a data plan. It is a basic phone and has enough functionality for him.The larger screen on the inside is nice for organizing contacts and viewing texts in an easier manner. It came with a charging cable and wall charger and it has a removable battery.Ours was a brand new unit in a sealed box.So far so good!

Does everything from texting to calling it came with the charger which was the part I was worried about, totally worth the money!

The phone was used.  It was advertised as new.  The model number,  serial number,  etc.. were all rubbed off from the label inside the phone.  Only number still on the label was the Meid Hex so that it could be activated.  I don't appreciate false advertising.

not happy with this product a big waste of money I might as well as thrown my money in the trash not happy they don't follow up defective product

It was a Christmas gift. They love it as far as i know they havent had any problems with it.

I had this phone for two years, and the only real problem I had was it randomly shutting off. The battery is made into the back of the phone, so once I got a cute cell phone case, the problem was solved. I've been hunting for a new one after my first one died on me. It's a shame Verizon quit selling these; it's best phone they've put out. It's easy to text on and navigate without looking at the inside keyboard. The one on the outside is a little cramped for fast texting, but I hardly used it except for dialing numbers and for that, it's fine. The camera and music player- both important features for me- are terrific for a cell phone. Call quality is good, and it gets service just about anywhere. I dropped it a few times, and it refused to break or get damaged which is an obvious plus. It's reliable and has good features and does not require a data plan. Unlike many non-smartphones, this one has all the features you would want short of web access (which can be purchased for this phone) and apps (but you can put games on it if you desire).

I purchased this phone to replace one I lost (same model).  The one I lost was given to me by Verizon after the one I originally purchased was recalled. The defect in the first phone (also an LG enV3) was that it kept shutting down every time I opened the phone to text, and sometimes it just powered down for no apparent reason at all.  About two months after I purchased this replacement phone on Amazon it began doing the same thing as the recalled model.  It is so frustrating and inconvenient to have a phone that just keeps powering down randomly.  I can't depend on it - it is not reliable.  I miss phone calls & texts, the alarm clock feature is a roll of the dice, and it really is inconvenient to be cut off mid-conversation constantly.  If you are a parent and need to be reached to make arrangements for childcare (rides, etc.) as I often do then this is not the phone for you.  Look elsewhere.

I bought this phone for my teen and she loves it. She can not put her phone down. It was worth the buy.

After activating and setting the phone up, the external mic and speaker only worked 1 day. This is my 3rd env3. the other 2 lasted well.got a return auth, but was unable to talk to anyone about a replacement

This phone is a great low maintenance, easy to use piece of electronics.  Texting is so much faster with the qwerty keyboard.  I don't miss my smartphone at all!

It is a decent phone but 2-3weeks after purchasing it, it began to shut off with no warning. I dont use my phone too much so hours would pass before i noticed it had been off. Theres no number i could contact to have it replaced because it does have a 30day warranty, not an email or anything. So here i am with a non reliable phone. :/

The phone is already starting to have problems.  Sometimes when I text it turns itself off unexpectedly which is not good and I can only use it on speaker phone now because the outside earpiece isn't working anymore.

Great phone! Battery life is good, simple and easy to use. Good for someone who loves texting but doesn't want or have the need for a smart phone

Good phone for what I need it to do. Call and text works great, full QWERTY keyboard. No complaints. Takes great pictures and has a full screen on the inside.

My first phone lasted three years so I wanted the same one.  If you are not into smart phones and data with you constantly, this is an excellent phone, which has been verified by verizon employees.  They don't make solid basic phones anymore because they want you to buy a data driven phone.  I only want a phone for texting, calling, and taking pictures and I am satisfied.  I purchased an  additional one for a spare, cheaper than insurance.

Unbeatable battery life, superb for texting, sound quality is fantastic. Beats the pants of any touch screen I have used. I highly recommend this little jewel.

Bought 2,  were slightly used(as described), but had to immediately replace one battery, as it would not keep a charge. But that was fine.

bought for my husband who finally decided to get a texting phone. it's easy to use & easy to activate.

The description said slight signs of use, minor scratches. The entire screen was cracked down the middle. The speaker was garbled and buttons worn. What a rip off.

The letter H would not work when texting, and the charging mechanism broke on the phone after 3 weeks.  Son is without a phone now, and will have to purchase a new one.

Received phone and was thrilled cause I  had one before.  Big disappointment.  Phone never work properly from day one.Very pleased that I  return the phone and  got a full refund.

My phone keeps shutting off already . Other than that it is alright. The speaker doesn't work great either, not to happy though. . I can't fix it

I used to have this phone and miss is terribly.  It was a good phone for a long time, my husband and I both had one.  We had them before smart phones were so popular, and they were great.  This phone was so easy to text on as I like texting way better on a real keyboard, and I have found the size and layout of this phone's keyboard was the best!  I am tempted to get another one!!

I have had nothing but problems with this phone, after 1 month the battery won't hold a charge for more than one day, when I play videos from other phones or even if I record a video it will not play with sound. VERY DISAPPOINTED !

it has a loose hinge and keyboard is a bit stickey but other than that it has been working fine

If you're like me and just want a basic phone, you want those few functions to work well. I use a lot of speaker phone when I call people and don't like that there's no way to do speaker without flipping the phone open. Texting requires a few more button pushes to get a new message going than did my Samsung Intensity II. And the camera, while attractive for being 3MP, is clumsy and tries to go to video mode a lot. It's not something you can just pull out of your pocket and take a picture with, because it might be in video mode. The closed-camera viewfinder is vertical when the photo it's taking is horizontal, and vice versa. The button is very close to the lens, so there's a good chance you'll get a finger in the way. Camera, texting, speaker-phone. Those are the three things I use a phone for, and they all have problems.

I found this on Amazon to replaced my old LG enV3 Verizon Cell Phone that was stolen after having it for 4 years.  I purchased this again since I didn't need the data plan and no new contract with Verizon.  Awesome !  The old phone did have the problem of shutting off and I learned it was a simple solution of just rubbing the contacts on the battery and putting it back in.  I did this with the new phone when I received it in just a few days from Amazon and I saw it was shipped from California.  I love this phone cause I can configure it to get my email from any account, give and receive texts, has a slot for a mini SanDisk card, great camcorder and camera for a phone !  Extremely happy with my purchase and experience with Amazon !!  Price was perfect !!!

I got my phone fast and in great condition. Haven't had a phone with anything; flash works great, camera and speaker works great so there are no complaints on my side. Thankyouu very much for sending me a quality phone whih included a charger and the installation disc. That was WAY more than I expected. I defitntely much more than I paid for and I am extremely pleased with my purchase. I Defitnately recommend purchasing from this seller.

I'm sorry other folks are getting used phones. I took a chance on ordering because this model looked so appealing.The LG enV3 arrived in its original Verizon box clean & untouched from P.M. out of Boise. I confirmed the ESN was clear through SWAPPA ([...] Also checked phone history (none!) by downloading BitPim, which I plan to use to modify files so that data will work through PagePlus -- they also verify an ESN for $1.Now that I have a tablet, don't need my unlocked HTC Trophy every day (saving it for global travel). Looking forward to paying just $30/month instead of Verizon's $75-80. So glad I'm out of contract!

I decided on this phone to have a key pad to help speed up texting and it works well for me

good phone but turns off suddenly for no reason once in awhile. good for a non smart phone though and has a decent camera and good keyboard for texting

I love the keyboard but the the phone does not work. Can only text. I would not buy this phone again.

It's awful to be without a phone! My new phone came days sooner than expected, activated immediately with no problems, and seems to be working perfectly!  Thanks a mil!

It showed upon time, was what it said it should be and worked like a champ. Need I say more....Nope.

The seller describes the phone as "Brand new". However when I received the phone it showed obvious wear of previous use..Such as minor scratches etc. Which I was going to let go until I tried the phone out and discover every time you use the flash it shuts off! And then once it shut off it wouldn't come back on unless you removed the battery , left it out a few seconds and then put it ..Needless to say the seller received the phone back and i  received my money back with no problems. However now that I bought the same phone else wear I am very satisfied with it ! It works very well with rare glitches..It is a great phone if you enjoy texting!

My step daughter was in need of a new phone. this is what she was looking for and it works just like she wanted. She loves it.

the  phone works great but has  huge mark on inside screen...did not return because I didn't want to go without a phone.

Beware of old software on &#34;new&#34; LG enV3 phones. I bought this online to replace an LG enV3 phone that was stolen because Verizon stopped offering this model. The phone worked fine, but the e-mail access abruptly cut off after one month. After spending hours on the phone with Verizon, then hours more at a Verizon store, they concluded that the software version on the phone was v02 while the one from Verizon that was stolen was v07 and there was no way to upgrade the v02. You'll find that sellers list everything _but_ the version of software on even the &#34;new&#34; phones. After questioning several sellers, I found they're all selling only old v02 phones. No one seems to have v07 phones for sale.

I got my phone with in just a couple of days after placing my order & its in brand new condition. I was very pleased. Everything works perfectly.

I bought this to replace one I broke so I knew it would work ok.these phone are reaching the end of there life as the next phone I,ll get will be a I phone

If your looking for a low maintenance used phone this one is great. Our toddler plays with it all the time and it is still going strong. not fancy but that allows me to have a lower cell phone bill. i would buy this again.

Its a good phone. I read the title and description and it said it was blue and I got a red one but its alright.

This phone replaced a Samsung Stratosphere which had no battery life. It is a good basic phone, especially if you text. The Internet service is basic as well. I probably will drop the Internet service and just keep the phone for calls and texting. It is a relief to get away from the constant alerts of the smartphone. Overall it is a good phone.

Phone doesn't stay charged more than five minutes.  Looked worse than described and every time I use it it lags.

This phone is terrible it breaks really easy it freezes and flips out and turns off randomly. THIS PHONE IS TERRIBLE DO NOT BUY IT!

I got this phone for my daughter because she wanted a flip screen with a key board that would be easier to text on.  I didn't want a data phone.  I didn't want internet access for her.  I thought that this would be what I wanted, but when we activated the phone with Verizon, they have a required data charge for this phone, and they won't let me block the internet like I did with the old phone.  This sucks because it costs and extra $120 per year for nothing, and that makes me mad, because I'm getting screwed by the phone company, Verizon.

When I received the item and tried to activate the phone Verizon told me that the item was stolen. Called company instead of saying that they would replace the item they told me to return it and then rebuy the item that is not a way to resolve an issue, like I would rebuy again from a company that sells stolen items.

Got this for my husband, who hates the basic phones he was offered from Verizon. This basic phone is sturdy, easy to use and is perfect for all his texting and calling needs. He is very happy with it.

I GIVE THIS PHONE A FOUR BECAUSE I WASNT REALLY USE TO HAVE A NON SMARTPHONE BUT WITH THE SERVICE AND THE ACTIING OF THE PHONE WAS GREAT I KNOW HAVE A IPHONE 5

I am definately happy with this purchase of the LG enV3 phone. this is my favorite phone and they just don't make them any more and i am so glad that i found amazon and they locaate vendors who have just what i want. the phone was delivered faster than i expected and i didn't put out extra money to get it sooner. The vendor was just fast in filling the order. Like to know where there are more of this model.

He doesn't need a smart phone with expensive data plan and this is the perfect one for him . Texting, taking pictures for his facebook. works perfectly. and the size is great for guys' pockets.

I wanted a phone without a data plan to keep costs down.  Like the qwerty keyboard.  Very Simple to use.

I received the phone little bit over a week after purchased, but that's expected. When I received the phone the battery that was sent was the wrong battery, but they included a card stating that if the phone or battery is in error, please email them ASAP. I did, and the new battery came within days. Great Customer Service.

Most phones at stores now are smart phones; this phone is great for texting when you don't want the other bells and whistles.

Outer screen was quite smaller than I expected. don't like that you have to have phone flipped open for speaker phone to work.  Inner speaker quite crackelly.  Camera seemes to be ok but hard to use in open mode since screen is then tilted.  Unable to transfer ringtones and such from sd card.Phone was advertised as no data package required but when I attempted to activate via internet I was told I had to have data package. This required a call to customer service and several hoops to jump through to get phone activated.  Representative stated when the phone originally came out it did require data but no longer does. However, verizon's system hasn't changed it in their database.Battery doesn't seem to last very long compared to other phones I've had.It does what it needs to do but not as smoothly as I'd like.

I really liked my LG enV3 VX9200 cell phone and when it got damaged, I ordered a used phone (same model) through Amazon.com.  It is working very well and I am very pleased with my purchase.  When I opened the box, I found it came with two batteries and a charger.

lasted 48 hours and died

The first phone ordered had issues right out of the box.  Contacted the seller and they were very easy to work with and immediately shipped another phone to me.  The second phone was awesome and worked great out of the box.  Would recommend this seller as if you do have a problem they are easy to work with and make sure you are satisfied.

I like the phone itself and purposely bought this model.  The phone was apparently refurbished and I have had it only 3 weeks.  The front cover fell off within that time so I am very disappointed.

i've had this phone for two years now and i can't tell you how glad i am to be up for an upgrade. i had 2 of these phones over a 2 year period, the first one always shut off by itself and then the inside screen just stopped working randomly. the second phone still has the inside screen working but after about only 4 months it is just like the old one and turns off constantly, i would recommend buying a different phone highly

I bought this phone in December 2012. 2 months later the phone would only work on speaker phone mode. I contacted the seller. They replaced it with the same model which was what I wanted. 2.5 months later the phone will only hold a charge for 15 to hours, on standby mode. I bought 2 brand new batteries, same result. I have contacted the seller 5 times no response. Now I find out that he operates on 3 different names. I contacted LG. They said too bad don't make this phone any more. BEWARE!!!!!

So far, he likes everything about it. He is an athelete so he has large hands but he finds the phone easy to use.

Would reccomend this phone to anyone wanting a nice phone that does everything.  It is so pretty and light. Love videos. One thing I would suggest is to receive a book with it rather than a disc. Easier to follow instructions in book.

Perfect phone for our needs to wait to end the two long year contract required from Verizon. Now the contract is over

Phone was exactly if not in better condition then I anticipated.  Arrived quickly and works great! I was very surprised for the price the great product.

Awesome cell phone!  Love it~! I would buy this one again.  I don't like touch phones and I am a very busy mom.  I only have time to text on a key pad.

this phone was exactly what was said about it, it lasted me 3 months, powered off and nadda, very dissappointed , and very dissatisfied with it.

This phone had obvious water damage when I received it. It looked like in new condition but I had problems with the screen and with it freezing from day one. When I took it to my Verizon store, and we took off the battery - the sticker that shows damage had in fact been changed to read the red/white stripes indicating damage. I feel duped and will not purchase from this seller again.

Works great and easy to use.  I do not have 14 more words but is required to complete the comment.

i got my env3 the other day i am i love it but the only thing i hate about it is the keybourd the shiping was fast and i was happy overall

Arrived on time and as described. New screen and battery, works great so far! Cell phone charger was kinda on the short side. Other than that, very happy.

This have been one of my most fav phone I ever had. i love it so much. I still have it. I mite sell it but it was my fav phone.

This phone doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles, but that's exactly what I wanted and got.  If you're looking for a phone that takes great pictures, is simple and straight-forward, and is compact and easy to navigate, this is your product.

I order this for my husband he had this phone before and always said if he could find one he would buy it.  So when my daughter and I saw it we had to order it for him for Christmas.  He love it!  The phone had every thing we need to get the charge and ready for calls. It was package nice and came in before the time they said.  Very happy with the phone.  Thank you, Debbie

I have had this phone for a while and it has performed very well. Good battery life, good sound quality, grabs signals well and has held up without a single scratch - impressive. I'm not much of a text user but the flip open keyboard certainly makes it easier. The speaker phone is excellent and I find that I can perch the open phone on my car seat and talk and listen hands-free - also, ticket free!The camera is pretty lame - but I'm a photographer so I may be a little particular. Finally, the only gripe is that when I stuff the phone in a pocket or tight holder, it some how shuts itself off. It doesn't happen a lot but it does happen. Never figured out why.

My phone arrived on time. It was packaged well.We have had no problems so far.Its great not having to go to the Verizon store to get a phone. Not near the headache.Thanks..

Phone arrived in new condition and was delivered quickly. Camera good quality, keyboard easy to use, setup easy.  Was just what I was looking for as an easy phone to use.

This phone appears new and in good condition, but the battery will not hold a charge for more than 4 hours. This makes me very very unhappy!

Don't waste money on it. Worked for 2 weeks then went into an endless loop. Seem to be an issue with them as per internet.

I purchased the ENV 3 in 2009.  I used it for a year then got a new phone and handed it off to one of my kids.  She used it for a year and then handed it off to another kid.  For the next year it travelled around that kid and one other and then back to me.  After 3 years of hard use, it still works.  Had the shutoff problem that appears to be fixable but now has problems with the display. I'm thinking about getting one for the second kid again for Christmas. I would recommend this phone for anyone that doesn't want a smart phone.

This is the 3rd one of these I have owned over the years. I do not want a smart phone and this is a great talk and text with a qwerty keypad.

I purchased this phone to use with Page Plus Cellular and it does work. I am having difficulty setting it up to work on their mobile web as it needs to be internally reconfigured, so have not yet been able to use any mobile features. Voice call quality is excellent. Pictures are okay. You have to manually turn on the flash if needed. Basically happy with the phone, although it is a little bulky, especially with a phone case on. The battery needs to be recharged more frequently than my old LG flip phone. The cover for the charging port is flimsy and after two weeks of use the hard plastic cover part broke free from the underlying soft rubber part. When I activated this phone with Verizon (prior to porting to Page Plus) they automatically added a data fee to my phone plan. As previous reviewers have commented, this is not a smart phone and a data plan is not required. Yet you have to notify Verizon you don't want data. I didn't bother to contact Verizon as I was intending to, and did, cancel their service.

Thats all i do is text and it is great for that. Im not the type to suff the web all the time so i thought it was a great fit for me

This has been a workhorse of a phone for me.  It is a real phone not a computer masquarading as a phone.  Great for the hard of hearing with earjack.  Great texting phone also.

Got this for my son who barely ever used it, after about 6 weeks it started freezing or just shutting off in the middle of using it.  You have to do a battery pull to get it working again, and even then it will only work for a little while then shuts off in the middle of texting.  Like most people, I suppose I bought this for my wife and I, not him, so we could reach my 12 yr. old when he's out on his bike or at a friends, or so he can call/text us to pick him up when needed.  It is completely unreliable, so any comfort we may have felt has turned to anguish.  This has turned out to be worse than a waste of money, since we cannot now return it, but we will also have to bear the cost of a new phone and the cost and hassle of visiting the phone store and having phones switched.  Very sorry we made this purchase, sold by Zaarn. I'm sure they take defective phones (worse yet, maybe stolen) and repackages them as new, seemed fishy when we first opened the box and charger was a standard cheap Chinese un-branded not LG.

it works when it wants to.  I turns off and drops calls often.  I wish I had purchased my phone through Verizon so I could have taken it back.

I purchased this phone after damaging my other one.  It is getting very hard to find a good older style phone ( I don't want to pay data charges on these 3g and 4g phones!)  The price was good, I purchased this phone as a new phone, received it prior to the estimated arrival time, fully charged and works great!  I would not have a problem buying from this company again!

bought three about 4 years ago, wife and I kept them in pristine condition with covers.  older teenage son has trashed his new one, then his mother's after she upgraded to smart phone, now he has my old one after I upgraded, this one was bought for younger teenage son.

I didn't want a smart phone or a droid, just a basic phone.  Most of those still out there are difficult to text on.  This phone has a full keyboard and a sizable screen; just flip open and type!

Of course I'd rather have a smart phone, but I'm not paying for a d at a package.  It's durable and works for what I need.

The phone would be fine if it were new or even used but in good condition.  But instead they sent me what looked like a new phone but was obviously a rebuild of poor quality with tons of problems.  Bought this off Amazon and after having it a couple of weeks I finally used the headset plugin so I could listen to calls with earphones. Nope. Doesnt work. The connector where you plug your headphones in is clearly defective , likely broken away from the cell phone's motherboard and so it doesnt work. Several of the buttons stick too (but they work &#34;OK&#34;). Pretty much a rip off. I think with these rebuilds (or actually I think this one was even advertised as new), you get the luck of the draw. Some are going to work well and some don't. Mine doesn't. I lost out this time. So, just check out your entire phone very closely before you toss the packaging and before the timeframe in which returns are allowed expires and you might be OK...assuming they handle returns well. I wouldnt know since I didnt discover the major problems until it was too late.  My true advice is to not buy these cheaply priced phones on amazon where the deal is to good to be true. If it sounds too good to be true, the phone you get will likely have problems.If the phone were new it would have its own flaw or two. Mainly the outside screen is so small...it's worthless. You really cannot use teh outside screen so just consider it as if you only have the inside screen. Think of it that way, and the phone (if it didnt have the &#34;used&#34; problems above, would be fine.

I received this phone, and i must say its an awesome phone. The only thing i didn't like about it is that its not up to date. It wont let me download or buy games or music. Other than that its an awesome phone.

I only wanted a phone to talk and text. This is a good phone, at a good price, and it needed No data package to use. Love it!

Product shipped on time, was in great condition and the new owner likes it very well. This is the third one he has owned so he is very comfortable with it

love LG think it is best brand next to iphone apple last longer and holds up better than other brands

Worked for less than 2 months.  Turns off after about 30 seconds. No fix, now no phone. Buying another phone now.

When my son lost his phone, we bought this as his replacement.  It has worked great and cost less than paying for insurance every month and paying the deductible for the replacement.

The LG enV3 may not be a flashy phone, but I think it is most reliable phone with the most features possible without buying a smart phone and the required data plan.  The phone is solid, reliable and the camera is great.  My wife has used and loved hers for 3 years.  The only complaint was that the phone would shut-off.  This was easily solved by adding a spacer (3 sheets of paper) under the battery (look it up on youtube).  The keyboard is bigger than the slide-out phones.

I purchased this phone and I received it in great condition. The plastic was on both screens, the keys, and the camera. The shipping was also fast. I am only giving this product 3 stars bc the slot for the sd card is not reading the card which is a major part of the phone. I am coming from a Droid Smartphone and would recommend this phone to anyone who wanted a basic phone

Exactly what I ordered!!  Could not be happier!

Minor problem on arrival, they stepped right up and made it right instantly. Shipped out a new phone while the original was still crossing in the mail! One phone call. Kudos to them!

Great basic phone! great battery life and buying source! I would stock up on these if I felt it was necessary.

This was exactly the product I was hoping for when I ordered it. Easy set up and works great. Will definitely be back.

description was not clear that this is data plan phone. we were required by our provider to purchase a data plan with activation. waste of money.

This is a basic phone. It is text & photo friendly. Ringer is slightly quiet & vibrate too = good. This is exactly what i wanted.

I bought this phone just because my LG Env Touch was spazzing out really badly and I didn't want to transition to a smart phone yet. It's alright, it doesn't always vibrate when in vibrate mode and the directional key for left doesn't click which is annoying when you are trying to move around a text you writing. Out side of that it get's better signal than my Env Touch did.

Nice keyboard that is easy to use.  Don't always like the lock function but does save you from butt dialing.

I ordered the enVe and also the Octane.  I am saving the Octane for when my husband's current one ever dies.  I have literally hated every phone I have had over the years with one being worse than the other.  I am really loving the enVe.  I wanted a simple easy phone to make and receive calls and to make and send texts.  This is my phone for life as I ordered two to have a back up for when I can't get another one.  Always order from Applewireless when possible.  I will be!!

Didn't need a smart phone any longer. Had one of these before, it meets my expectations. Flip open style is better than a slider

not what i needed for my att phone. it does not take a sim card. even though it was unlocked had to sen it back

Great phone I have not had any touble out of this phone this makes the second one I have had.  I gave my son the other one.

I was frustrated when Verizon forced me to get a data plan for this phone after I assumed it wouldn't require it.

The phone is in very good shape and works well. I like the keyboard on this particular phone. It suits me just fine.

This is a great texting phone, does nice photos, and you don't need a data plan. However, after trying 3 of these, it appears the battery latch is a bad design. Tapping the phone anywhere near the latch end causes the battery to release and fall out. It happened many times a day for me. A second phone I tried did the same thing. Each time, the phone shuts off and you may miss calls.Unlike most cell phones, on this one, the battery and the outside cover are one piece. A latch holds the battery unit in. The latch releases easily with slight vibration or tapping.Upon researching the matter on the Internet, others have reported the same problem. Related to this is a loose battery contact issue with the phone shutting off frequently, even if the battery doesn't fall out.

Although this phone came with a few scratches (as to be expected it was a used phone) it functioned perfectly and I was so happy to find it on here cause they don't sell them at the Verizon stores anymore. Was very pleased with the working condition of this phone. As a mom of 4 kids, the scratches didn't bother me cause I'm sure it will just end up getting thrown around some more.. But overall great phone!

Bought this for my daughter. I have had  the same phone for a few years. Great for texting. Small screen but OK. Camera and video ok for a toy but I have a dedicated camera for pictures and video. Nothing fancy but it works. Arrived late for Xmas even tho I ordered it a week in advance but everyone seemed to have shipping delays.

I received this phone EARLIER than expected....which I very much appreciated.  However, it was NOT NEW NOR WAS IT REFURBISHED.  it was NOT IN GOOD WORKING CONDITION when it was received.  I paid $70 plus dollars, shipping and HAD TO PURCHASE A NEW CHARGER CORD....yet my phone DID NOT WORK PROPERLY. The POWER ON/OFF BUTTON DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY.  You must press it and hold it down several times before it actually comes on. .  When it does decide to turn on....the Verizon logo and sound is in slow motion and sounds as if it is dying.  There is something obviously WRONG with the POWER BUTTON.  The CHARGER CORD which came with the phone also presented a problem.  When using it...a message appeared on the phone indicating WRONG CORD BEING USED FOR THIS PHONE.  I have since read other reviews for this vendor and other people have had the same problem. I am a Senior Citizen and believe you should CHECK OUT TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING IS IN GOOD WORKING CONDITION....B E F O R E...YOU SELL IT TO ANOTHER PERSON.....NOT OFFER HELP AFTER THE FACT.  I decided to give this vendor and the phone the benefit of a doubt. I purchased a NEW POWER CORD and tried  the phone for several weeks to see if the POWER BUTTON problem would somehow resolve itself.  IT DID NOT!  I did email this vendor and explained my problems.  I did not have much confidence my problems would be resolved with another phone should I choose to return this one. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE WAY THIS BUSINESS TRANSACTION HAS TRANSPIRED.  I chose not to invest more of my  money into returning this phone only to be disappointed again.

phone was messed up sent back got another one and it had problems to. was suppose to discount it but dont think they ever did

Hi this Phone is a great phone always have loved it. Now if you get anything from applewireless  especially if it a phone they say  is new. 99 percent it not new  call your provider an give them the meid number on back of phone.mine  One I got was supposed to be new it wasn't it was  2 years old an even showing proof that  the item is used the seller would not work with me. they are  a company that commits FRAUD an as you dont expect you have to be on them the only way  that you can catch them is either  spot them at most 90 days.after that they  get away with fraud  an will be very nasty  to you an rude for weeks. an there guarantee that the phone is going to be new  you best to put it in toilet that where it belongs as  they do not  abide  by there policies.I will be very happy the day someone  buys from them an they screw the buyer over  royally an  the  buyer rich an sues them for every last penny. they are crooked corrupt dishonest  an very very  horrible to deal with.I will never buy from again an do not recomend this seller unless you like  to have them commit fraud with you. tried to settle things as easy as possable an they cant  even refund 6 dollars thats how cheap they are  6 dollars they can't even afford  now imagine the  corners an the  way they must buy phones from cell companies taking anything.an getting  fake  certification  an  selling you  junk shame on you apple wireless  may you  be sent to court an lose a lawsuit  an go bankrupt.

Good phone. I have always had good luck with the ENV3 and have ordered a few. I recommend it over all others.

Phone shipped within a week and a half, so far it works ok, nothing special, way over priced tho, that's all

I know it is refurbished but the parts that they replaced don't match or even do their job.  There are 2 screws that do not even hold down what they are supposed to and the keyboard sticks causing repeats of letters and number when hitting a pad.  The phone will work for now not happy.

A nice phone for talk and text and you don't need a data package. blah blaha lblha lblahblah blah blah

Wouldn't hold a charge.  Tried with two different batteries.  Also, every time I plugged it in to charge it gave a readout saying this charging cord wasn't designed for this phone.  It was the charging cord that came with the phone.  I mailed it back last week to get a full refund.  Worst cell phone I have every had.

You can't beat this phone for ease of use.  Easy to text and send pictures and you can't beat the price for a new contract-free phone.

Overall this is a good phone. I got mine before Verizon made it mandatory for you to buy a data plan with some phones, so beware that this is one of those phones. The keypad is excellent for texting. And you generally don't have to worry about pocket dialing with the front keypad. The camera takes very nice pictures for a phone with a 3mp camera. Memory is not a big issue; just buy a MicroSD card if you find you need more. BUT... there are some things wrong with it. Occasionally, mine will turn off when i try to take pictures. I will turn it back on and try to take the picture again, and it will just turn off again. Then it will work fine a little later. This can obviously be very annoying and inconvenient. Also, I have found that the reminder doesn't always do its job. I have mine set for every two minutes, but sometimes I won't know I have a text message because my reminder didn't work. This is not that big of a deal, though. When you are in a no service area, the phone will not display the time. Once again, inconvenient but not deal breaking. Overall this is a good phone and I would recommend it.

An ok phone for temporary replacement. Does what you need for a simple cell phone, even can access Facebook and e-mail.

Bought it new never been used and it stopped working from it freezing up 2 weeks after my daughter used it. Shes 36 and not a child and had this phone before. Paid over 80.00 for it and she had to reactivate an old lg phone that doesnt work right and im out of my money.

I had just signed a new contract with verizon when my phone got submerged in water and destroyed, with no cell phone insurance I  didn't want to pay 100 for a new phone from verizon so I bought this one. It works and I knew upon buying it was a refurbished phone so I didn't expect perfecting since I only payed 25.00. However after using it for several months I am noticing strange things like it will just stall mid- text message once in a while and I will have to remove the battery to re-boot, and if you drop the phone it stalls and shuts off... so I don't have faith that it will last very long.But it works and will get you by-Oh and also the camera on this phone is terrible- but that is not because it is refurbished, just a poor functioning camera

One of the most reliable phones of all time. Affordable and will last a very long time. Perfect for someone who just texts and calls.

This phone cost $38. And it was the best money spent. I love this phone. I should've boughten a case I scratched it up in the first 2 weeks. (Oops)

Really bad phone.  owned it for little over 90 days and the screen went blank with a white light.  I never dropped it, never got it wet. My dad got one the same time I got mine and he cant send or receive pictures. Waist of a hundred bucks.

The phone was in good condition and works great.  I am very happy with my purchase.  I would buy from them again.

I have been buying this phone each time I break (always my fault, not a phone problem)or lose my old ones. It is so easy to use. If you are looking for a basic phone with easy texting and a good camera - this is the one for you!

I received the phone earlier than expected, the phone works great so far, and I am happy with everything.  Thanks!!!!

Great phone for a person not wanting a smartphone!

When first received, the screen was detached which was a big disappointment and I knew right then I would send it back. The phone was more worn than explained in product review. Overall dissatisfied.

This is my 2nd cell phone just like this.  I had my first one for years and then it finally needed to be replaced, so I ordered one just like it!  Love the camera!  Love that I don't have to pay for a data package, because I don't need all the bells and whistles of a &#34;smart phone&#34;.  This phone suits all my needs just fine!

It came as promised. It was unlocked and I was able to use it as soon as it was enabled by Verizon

tired of the data package thing......love this phone....is everything I need in a phone....quite satisfied with all the functions of this phone

My daughter had this phone a few years ago,  age liked it so I thought I'd buy one.  It's okay,  but I may just her a smart or I-phone from you.

Phone was the same as what I had, but this one came with no book and the battery is bigger than the original one that should be in it.  It still works like the one it replaced, but no idea why there was no maunal since it came in what looked like the original box sealed.

Buyer Beware! I have had this phone for close to 9 months. The phone is constantly turning off for no reason. I will take a look at it to check the time or get information and the phone is off. I turn it back on. The next time I go back to look at it or use it, it is off again. This happens constantly and I don't know why. VERY frustrating! People can not get in touch with me because my phone is off and I am not aware of it. This phone takes horrible pictures as well.

I used to have an enV2 and it was stolen, so I decided to buy the next generation of enV phones and I got this one. I really like it. It is a good quality phone and you don't need to get a data package if you don't want to. I tried to activate it online and it was required, but then I called *611 and told them that I wanted to activate without the data plan and they said it was OK and immediately started working. I'm not into smartphones because I have an iPad, an iPod and an iTouch, so I don't need it... I just love this phone.

This cell is great for people who love to text.  The fold open keypad is very easy to use.  The camera does not take great pictures, but there's always the camcorder.  I would recommend this product.

i still cant get this phone to work; now the screen is all jacked up, it doesnt even show the menu now; the older phones are better i think; i would trade this phone in for a pre pay phone that is not so complicated

Everything about this phone is working fine except I charge it and it'll say the charge is complete but then I start to use it and the bars start dropping. I'd appreciate an exchange, it's been less than a month since I've ordered it. Other than that everything went smoothly, shipping was on time and had no issues ordering.

this replaced my daughters other phone which was dropped so many times it was falling apart (that was the EnV 1). This one is in much better condition and she takes better care of it. I do need to buy a case for it though.

Excellent seller but the product, not so good. Bought myself and my sister this exact phone 2 years ago. Both of us had the same problem within weeks of each other - it would only work on speaker phone. Less than convenient for sure. Stupid me, bought another one here about six months ago. Not only did the same exact issue occur, it happened within months not years. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice shame on me but I'm a complete idiot for trying this phone a third time only to get the exact same outcome - speaker phone only. again - great transaction with the seller but horrible outcome from this LG enV. I promise you, I won't be buying it again.

This is a great texting phone, I love the qwerty keyboard. Easy to use options a no brainer phone. Except the microSd card for some reason the phone does not see the pictures I have on it. I am thinking it is the way I put them on there, either way I will figure it out. All in all a great phone with no complaints. A lot of users complained about it shutting off at random times! Mine has not done that so far. The battery life is awesome I don't have to charge it everyday like a lot of other phones I have had.

I was very pleased to see this phone in perfect condition. Not a scratch on it. Gonna activate it when my wife gets home. Only negative was delifery was 2 days late.

I would like to start off by saying that the seller Apple Wireless sells an awesome product and the device is truly shipped brand new. Well worth the price!Anyways, I spoke to several Verizon reps before purchasing this phone to make sure that it would be compatible with Verizon's new $35 monthly prepaid plan. I spoke to at least 5 and all of them assured me that the Env3 could be activated using the $35 prepaid plan. This plan was perfect for my price range and had all the features I needed for my usage. However, when I received the phone and attempted to activate it online, the website would only allow me to choose from either the $60 or $70 prepaid smartphone plans. As far as I'm concerned, the Env3 is considered a "basic phone". After calling customer support and explaining my situation they told me that since it has an HTML Browser is it considered an enhanced device and therefore requires the extra data charge. I also went to a local VZW store to see if they could activate it without the data plan, but to no avail. So, unfortunately I had to send the device back and now have to look for a phone that will without a doubt be compatible with the $35 prepaid plan.The phone itself as sold by Apple Wireless comes as described and in perfect working condition. Would definitely buy from them in the future!

Wanted to replace basic phone instead of getting tied into 2 year contract.  Price was good and easy to transfer from broken phone to this one.  Works great.

Got this phone delivered &#34;new, in box&#34; on July 17th. It is now August 20th and it is already broken. The phone will only work with the flip open and on speaker. So, no answering and having a regular phone conversation with the phone in it's closed position. Phone also constantly, and by constantly I mean about every 3rd phone call, it dropped all signal. Would go from 3 bars to &#34;call was lost&#34; all while sitting in the exact same chair, not walking around or driving in the car. Very, very annoying!!! I had this phone in red from Verizon several years ago and loved it. It lasted me almost 3 years until I did a contract upgrade. Very disappointed with the one I just received.

My husband carries this phone and really likes it. It has held up for him despite how rough he is with phones. Its good for texting and has nice call quality. Battery life is a little less than other phones we have had but still lasts all day.

Received it and started charging it. The phone worked fine but there was a white screen on both screens. I could hear the normal beeps and stuff the phone makes when pressing buttons but I couldn't see anything. Refurbished mobile spree is not the way to go

The phone looked new but when I went to activate it with my account it had an active number attached to it. I returned it for a full refund.

Had this phone new, back in the day. Bought it in the fall of 2013 to detox from smartphone-zombie disease. Functioned great. It didn't last long, it likes to shut off randomly. (a common problem back in 2008-2010 when this baby was new) It'll still call and text and get compliments like &#34;I used to have that phone!&#34;I like that it does two things well: call & text. I don't like the hard keys; they 'click' and it's hard to reply without someone looking. No predictive text, no auto-caps setting and contacts don't transfer over easily. I finally felt like a reborn man, and bought a Nexus 5 (talk about a tech-gap!) with a renewed moral boundary to reserve my phone for times when others can't benefit from my direct interaction.I'll keep this phone for a backup.

I havent had many but this one is definatly the best one!  It got here on time and came with a charger!  Couldnt be more pleased!

I've had this phone for 3+ years now.  Have dropped it more times than I can remember, and it has taken a beating with no problems.  I don't need the cost and the distraction of a smartphone.  If all you want is to get/receive calls, great reception, and super easy texting... this is ideal.  I could have upgraded over a year ago but this phone is still working great, so I haven't bothered.

I  ordered this for my teenage daughter and she is absolutely thrilled about it, which you know finding something a teenager really likes is not an easy chore :)  ...I am considering ordering one for me because I am not happy about what i am using.

This is a decent phone for the person who does not want or need a smart phone.  Qwerty keyboard works nicely too!

This phone is a piece of crap. Bought it for a christmas gift, used it for two days and now you can not hear anyone when you call them and only some of the text messages come through so you can read them and not a blank screen. NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THIS PURCHASE. Waste of money!

I needed a newer phone but I didn't want a smartphone, yet  I have an iPod Touch and so far that has a lot of what I want.  So I ordered this phone and it's been great.

I love it!  But didn't receive any instructions with it...would really help so I could use the phone to it's full advantage!!!!

I bought this for my grandson.  I have one just like & he admired it.  The best thing about it is even with big hands, it's still easy to text with.  I've had my phone for close to 3 yrs & the battery life is great.  Definetly would recommend this phone.

Had to go and purchase an entirely new charger for this phone because the one that they sent with the package broken with days of its first use. Phone seems to be working fine though. Would love to see LG attempt to make amends.

Have had a couple of these and wish they had not stopped making it!  Charge last @4 days of daily use and it is a great PHONE!  I do not need all the apps and poor phone quality the latest $$$ seem to be.

When we tried to activate this phone as a present for my mom it activated under it's previous user's number. The company should have ensured that they had deactivated the phone from their account prior to selling it. We are so unhappy with this and won't be ordering from Nu-Too again.

i hate this phone i got it because my old send specker button broke ,so from the day i opened the box of the new one the send specker button was broke if i knew there is a defect with this style of phone, i would of got the LG enV2 Red, the blue one stucks!!!!!!!!

To save our niece some money since she was paying extra for a data plan she was not using, we replaced her smartphone with this phone. She likes the key board and other features on the phone.

Phone works great for what I need. I do not use data and this is a good size phone.  Arrived very fast company has great service.

The first phone they sent me stopped working, but i told them this and they sent me a new one right away!  I haven't had a problem with the new one, so I'm a happy customer.

Was hunting a replacement phone that was simple to use.  Mainly use for just what it is. . a phone.  I text very little and have no idea how to surf the web on a telephone (although it has capability if I choose to learn how).  The flip full keyboard is wonderful for my simple texting needs, the larger inside screen is nice to veiw my pics on.  The camera is adequate since it is a telephone first.  I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting an easy phone to use.  It seems quite sturdy and hopefully it will hold up for several years.

No frils but good choice for simple talk & text while avoiding cut throat fees for a smart phone u dont need.  Problems r rare if every. Battery life seems a little short, but car chargers r cheap.

Perfect, works well. Shipped in at a good time. Brand new, no scratches. Very much satisfied with this product from seller !

Phone came and looked brand new.  After 3 months the sound stopped working with the phone closed.  Would only work with side open and on speaker phone.  Common problem with these phones apparently.  Sad.....

The phone shut off on me every three minutes there is a chip in the battery and the screen blacked out when I recieved calls... I got an iPhone.

Works great! got it for my younger brother and he loves it. Best non-smart phone out there! go get it

I'm a fan of keypad phones and I remember the original enV being one of the best phones I've ever used. As a basic phone this would actually have been alright, there's nothing outstanding and where things are less than optimal mechanically(the camera) the software isn't terrible, but if you're on prepaid with this thing, you're going to be stuck using the smart phone plans and that is insane for the following reasons:You're paying at least $60, and that's for the stripped down serviceYou're using a mobile web app that is even less impressive than that on the basic phoneIf you try to use any of the data that you've bought your phone will probably freezeThis phone also takes some pretty disappointing pictures, there are some options to edit them on the phone but there's only so much that can be done.

For me, a new cell phone user, I found navigation difficult. I kept being channelled into pages trying to sell me something: Ringtones, new Verizon services I don't need or want. Perhaps though that is more a function of what Verizon does to phones than the phone itself.I'm switching to an iPhone in the hopes it will be more intuitive.

For those who don't want or need a smart phone, this phone is great. Great clarity, ease of use and in my opinion, the best texting phone out there.

I activated device and it is continually shutting itself off. I have to take out the battery to get it to come back on and it does this multiple times a day.

I like it. It's the same as my previous one. That's why I ordered it. It works just as good.

dropped old one too many times. Glad to have found this replacement, the Verizon activation was a snap, just follow the instructions, took 1 minute, was automatic no human was involved. Please remember to backup your contact list, I had to go to the store to get it reloaded, salesman did it standing by front door, took 2 minutes.

I love these phones. They're great messaging phones. I don't use mine for email or internet, so I can't comment on that, but call quality, battery life, camera, and texting are pretty fantastic on this device.

My first keyboard phone and I love it.  Works beautifully and has all the features I need.  I like the bigger screen and more features to the camera--lighting, etc.

It 's a great &#34;feature&#34; phone with many smartphone style functions. The best thing is that you get the functions without having to get locked into a smartphone data contract.  It does texting with a full hardware keyboard, it has a good internal screen, and a decent camera/video function, and can hold music files internally like an MP3 player.  Don't expect a lot of support for apps or games on this phone.  Those are only through VZW and are 'really' bare-bones, and not worth the money.

Needed a nice cell phone that was NOT a smart phone for my mother. This phone came quickly and was exactly like it was described. Works like new.

Switched from my smartphone to LG Env3 and the bluetooth music streaming is great but the sound quality is compromised. This phone had trouble on my windows XP computer, but on Windows 7 it connected quite well.  Pictures are also ok.  The benefit is I am getting good features without having to pay the monthly data charges of a smartphone.  So satisfied so far.
