
I dropped my phone into a river, and I wanted a good basic phone to replace it. Previously, I had the LG Octane. While that was a good phone, this one is so much better. The screens are so much higher quality. Even though it's a resistive touch screen, I don't have a problem with it. It's quite responsive, but it takes getting used to. The keyboard is great, and I also enjoy texting on the external screen in portrait mode. The phone has a little bit of lag sometimes, but I love it too much to care. Great phone, I don't pay for a data package. I highly recommend this phone. Bought it from applewireless.

Easy to work, figured it out in no time.  Love the touch screen.  was afraid to &#34;upgrade&#34;  but baby steps!

The phone was in very good shape. A letter came with it letting me know to contact them with any problems and stressed they would fix it. There was no problems but it seems that their customer service would be good if I needed it. I am happy with this purchase and would buy here again.

I had previously owned this kind of phone, lost it, and purchased the same one again on here. It arrived within a decent amount of time, but it came pre-scratched, which upset me a little, since it's supposedly a new phone and I could scratch it on my own. Everything else seemed to work alright though. All in all, this was not my favorite purchase, and I would recommend picking out a more functional phone. This one hates trying to get on the Internet for any reason! Also, it seems to get confused when I try to view my pictures, or really navigate through anything else on my phone, and runs super slow.

The LG ENV Touch is a decent feature phone, I previously owned 2 for 2 plus years. I was just sold a lemon by PUT group. BEWARE! First I was sent the phone with an incompatible battery and then the inner screen went black at 90 days. No warranty, no exchange nothing available from PUT group. 90 day life span makes for an expensive phone. I would not recommend purchasing anything from this company.

I was very excited when my phone arrived earlier than, expected with all the other fixins (case, extra battery, memory card), but then very disappointed that I could not get my memory to stay in the phone. No matter what I did it wouldn't "click." I even called a phone store and asked them could I have the wrong card and was told "if it fits it's the right one." It was refurbished so not expecting brand new, but after all that excitement and prepping I had to send it back. Very prompt & courteous in regards to my email requests, they have responded to each. I will be back with my final review once my refund has been issued back to my account.

I just upgraded from an old flip phone to an ENV Touch and am very happy with it. It's not a smart phone but, at this point, it meets all my needs.

This is  great phone, the sceen froze once, but I just open the keyboard and it was fine. Computers do that sometimes too.

I do like the phone how ever i ordered it new and it wasnt in the orginal box and the charger didnt match the phone and the battery died easily however it did have VERY FAST shipping

I love this phone so glad i got it. Very pleased with this product have a few things need to work on though

I had no problem with my phone and it came in with a little dent and i would buy again  ...

main complaint is when the phone rings you have to slide up the arrow to open the &#34;press to answer&#34; the slide does not work easily and often must be pressed several times which causes you to end the call before you have even answered it.my text messages often don't get sent and I don't know whythe phone came without a manualit is not clear how to operate the three options when the phone is open, message, menu, contacts. joan

Sure, I didn't expect much when I got this phone. I just thought that it would be a good phone to use as a spare, and so I tried it out for some time. I was expecting this touch phone that would have really bad battery life and a horrifyingly bad touch screen, and I was partly right. the battery easily dies and doesn't last for more than 2 hours during continuous use, but I got a lot more than what I thought I would get. I thought the phone would come preinstalled with verizon's vCast that they use on all of their cheap flip phones and simple candy bar phones, but this was like a spiced up version of that. sure it had vCast, but it also had an all format compatible mp3 player anda web browser and everything else. It also had dual screens, and the inside keyboard is just a joy to work with. Its keyboard is like a precursor to the verizon motorola droid a855. a spaced out keyboard with large easy to use navigation buttons on the right side. I did notice that the inside screen is more vibrant and sharp than the outside touch screen. yes, I know that this isn't a high end phone, but its actually better than it looks. on sleep with use here and there, I got the phone to last 36 hours on a charge. charged it one night, and then used for maybe 10 calls a day, each 1 minute long for three days until it finally said "battery critical". It has a 3.2 megapixel autofocus camera sensor and its not the best your looking for, but its good enough to remember memories. Since this phone was created to rival the first iPhone, many of its features try to outdo the iPhone. It has a panorama sensor. It has Video recording for up to 20 minutes with built in storage at VGA quality resolution. It can take up to 100 photos with built in color effects for both video and photo such as sepia, tint, b&w;, and negative. It has 3G data connectivity, and a camera button on the side for convinient photo taking. and it has a business card reader built into the camera. take a picture of a business card, and it'll scan the picture, and convert it into a contact. Quite useful if you ask me. OH, and it has a micro SD slot expandable up to 32 GB. (SDHC). and Dolby Digital mobile stereo speakers and equalizers built in for the 3.5 mm smartjack (supports mic built into headset). It has a tip calculator, calculator, alarm, world clock, voice commands, document viewer (.doc, .docx), stopwatch, notepad, drawing pad, and mass storage reader. So all in all, this phone is a great buy for your child about to get a phone or for anyone else you know who needs a good normal phone.

After reading the reviews for this LG EnV touch I was rather shocked. Although most people have had and do still have these phones, I have had mine for close to 5 years now and love it. I don't pay anything for the web use and since I do go through Verizon (unfortunatly)I update my phone using *228. I do this every month and when traveling out of town.This phone has been dropped, kicked, and nearly swallowed by a boxer.It is NOT a smart phone indeed buy I still get on facebook, youtube, and chat rooms. I do have a few erks but for the most part the pros outway the cons. The battery still lasts around a weeks and only takes thirty minutes or so to fully charge. I have learned with this phone as with most you have to run the battery all the way down once a month and then charge it fully, never allow your phone to charge over night. This is the reason why the batteries are dying out to early in their lives.haveThe touch screen is amazingly crisp and clear and has not given me any problems as of yet. I understand not all these phones are the best but I got lucky.I did switch over to a smart phone and liked it until I started having issues after only a month. Got rid of it and reactivated my Env.If you do get this phone I wish you well and hope you get one as good and faithful as mine.

This phone lets you text using the touch keyboard or the QWERTY keyboard.  The QWERTY keyboard keys are larger than most which is one of the main reasons I choose the LG enV Touch VX11000.  I don't need the internet on my phone so I had Verizon block the it. Then I don't have to pay the $10 monthly data fee.  Other features I like to use on this phone are the camera and notepad.  The touch screen is old touch screen and not very sensitive but if you touch with your fingernail it works much better.  Basic phones are not updated like the smart phones but the LG enV Touch VX11000 seems to stand out above the rest of the basic phones.

condition is good although it sometimes turn off on its own battery holds a fair charge. I'm happy with the old school devices.

Best non smart phone. If you want a touch screen phone but don't want to waste money on a data plan every month this is the best phone to get. Keyboard works nice for texting and the touch screen works great.

I don't like Smart Phones. I like the idea of a rest from the rest of the world, and this phone is great. I can be online if need be, but I don't have constant updates, or all the other distraction that come with a smart phone. Would buy it over and over again.

Do your homework before you pay $30 per month/contracts for all data packages(internet/email access)for your phone not to mention $$$ Android or iphone formats.

PROS:- Highest Screen Resolution in any basic phone as of 2014, at 800x480, nearly twice an iPhone 3GS at 480x320- Highest Pixel Density in any basic phone as of 2014, at 311 PPI, comparable to an iPhone 4S Retina Display, at 326 PPI- Highest Camera Resolution in any basic phone as of 2014 at 3.2MP, higher than an iPhone 3GS at 3.15MP.- Highest Recorder Resolution in any basic phone as of 2014 at 640x480, same as an iPhone 3GS.- Autofocus, Face detection, Smile detection, White balance presets, Digital zoom, Panorama, Scenes, Effects, Self-timer.- Video editing: Cutting, Multi-Capture, and Adding Fade Effects.- Photo Editing: Facial Expression Editor (changes your facial expression from sad to happy or other moods), Lens Tint (similar to Instagram), Cropping, Sharpness, Brightness, and Contrast.- Music Player. Automatic song categorization based on Genre, Artist or Album. Multiple EQ Settings. Standard 3.5 AUX output  with Dolby Mobile technology.- Voice Commands for actions (like playing a certain song or artist) and dialing (similar to iPhone 4's Siri)- Loud Dual Stereo Dolby Speakers- Extremely durable, plastic clamshell design. I dropped this phone about a thousand times for years. The screen is almost unbreakable.- LED Flash light- Larger external batteries with double the capacity are available.- Two screens, External touchscreen and internal screen. Each can have their own wallpaper. On the touch screen, you can even drag and drop your desktop icons.- MicroSD slot allowing up to 16GB of Memory.- MicroUSB Charger (compatible with all Android phones)CONS:- Touchscreen malfunctions not long after purchase. Known and very common issue.- The battery, being external, often moves in its place slightly, but just enough for the phone to turn off. Known and very common issue.- Only 250 text messages are saved. You will have to delete them on a regular basis or put it on &#34;auto-delete&#34; which gets annoying when it deletes messages you needed to refer back to.RECAP:This phone was ahead of its time back in May 2009. Some of its features dwarf those of the smartphones from that era. It still remains the best basic phone ever made.It is an embarrassment to all wireless companies that a basic phone from 5 years ago is several times better than their current line up of basic phones. Technology is meant to advance, not decay.

the phone was not a new phone as advertised. The shipping took close to 4 weeks when it was supposed to be only 2 max. Then once the phone finally came in the battery didn't work and I had to wait for a new battery to be shipped which took another 2 weeks.

The phone was in great shape, no dings or scratches, and works beautifully!!! We love the phone and are so happy with our purchase--it was a great price and exactly what we were looking for. Thanks so much!!!!

First of all this phone's touch screen is really weak once you open your brand new phone you will notice this worthless piece of junk. you dial 1 and it marks down the 7 or 9 its really bad couldn't dial an emergency number with this phone. trust me and do your homework, i sure didn't and i got screwed.

This phone is a really great phone((= I have had no problems with it whatsoever!! wud definetly recommend it!!! Fantastic!!!!

I do love this phone...I was not able to upgrade to an iphone just yet and this phone has provided me with everything I need until my upgrade comes do.  I do recommend it.  Also, the group that provided the phone to me were very efficient and timely.  I do recommend them.

product in good condition, the description in the offer was exactly how it is, thank you for the bussines, i will do more bussines with you.

I would recommend it to ALL who want a touch screen w/o the data package. The music storage is great!

im sure it wasnt ur fault, battery was not holding charge, they sent another one, screen inside is now busted, outside sceen is touch screen, itsvery hard to use

Just love this phone and would keep it forever if I could, its easy to use and you don't need a data contract!  Easy to text and I love the keyboard.

I purchased these phones as new. Two of them broke within weeks. Verizon told me that i was the 4th owner of two of the phones and also multiple owners of the third phone. My money was refunded but these were christmas gifts and now i have to shop for new phones to replace them. Ad stated they were new. total fraud.

I've had my enV touch for 4.5 years now, yes the same one. The best part about this phone is it has 2 screen! A touch screen on the outside and a non-touch screen LCD inside when you open it along with a keyboard inside! Huge perk for texters or if you don't want to use the touch screen. It has a 3.2 megapixel camera (only downer is it can't zoom..). The sound is crisp and clear, has the basic tools (calculator, tip calculator, calendar, alarm clock etc), and my battery has lasted this whole time and is still going strong! It hardly ever has to be charged! Now here are the reasons I only gave this phone 3 stars...like others have said, its locking option on the side of the phone will get pushed in my purse a lot by anything so its made quite a few of its own phone calls to people on my contact list...this is eliminated if you have a case or holster but its been pretty annoying. And the other issue that I know other women have had too with it (not men though) is that the touch screen gets moisture in it (unfortunately from  makeup on our face and maybe we use our phones more than guys?) and it stops working. The inside LCD will still work and so will the phone, but the outside screen won't. I recently fixed this problem by buying a new digitizer for it, watched a quick video on youtube and replaced it very easily, now it functions perfectly. For anyone who doesn't want to pay the insane amount of money for a data plan, this phone is a great basic phone!

The phone was as advertised. It was replacement phone for my teenager who couldn't get an upgrade. It was a flip phone and had a qwerty keyboard which were his requirements. He has had no issues with it.

I bought this phone a few months ago and its been really nice! there is a few problems such as the right side of the touch screen doesn't always work but its not to bad and the screen on the inside is fading in the corners but not so bad that is not usable. for the price its an awsome phone! the camera is good too!

Look for 50 bucks and 2.99 for the charger these purchases were well worth it . The phone looks good and works fine, as does the charger. Hey it beats going to verizon and paying top dollar for a phone...even when your contract is up....so Thank you :)

So far I am enjoying the envy touch. I don't use a lot of data, so this worked for me.

Hi,for that kind of money what can you get? I got the phone earlier than I thought I would get it. It was in very good condition for a used phone except for a few scratches ,and the charging button was a little loose. I have not tried some games on the phone ,and some were not free. I like the phone a lot ,and it was in fairly good condition. that is the only reason I give you 4 stars. Are there games for free on the phone? I like free things everyone does.

I purchased three phones in total.  The battery in one phone wouldn't stay in the phone unless the case is on it.  Asked for a replacement phone and they told me I would have to pay to have the one I purchased shipped back and THEN they would send me a new phone which costs me more money and I am without a phone until the new one arrives.  NOT AN OPTION!!!  The other phone we ordered didn't work at all.  We had to send it back.

I adore this phone even though it is an older model...I wish they would continue manufacturing it...It is small and is all I really need in a cellphone...I have had four of this model. not everyone wants or can afford an iPhone...Please consider this.

Brand new and already the outer touch screen doesn't calibrate correctly.

I TRULY LOVED THIS CELL PHONE BECAUSE I DO ALOT OF TEXTING AND THE KEYBOARD IS AWESOME AND WAY EASIER

We love the phone but the touch screen stopped working after 60 days.  Other than that major problem, it is a good phone if touch screen isn't important to you.

Very impressed with the quality.  Felt like brand new.  Continues to work very well.Like the condition of the phone.

LG Env Touch VX11000 Touch Screen Cell Phone (Verizon Wireless).  Great phone, good quality.  It is one of the best simple phones on the market.

This was the first touch screen phone I purchased. I still have it today but only because I'm under contract with Verizon. The first few months I had it it worked great except for a few minor things like the screen cutting off. Then it got worse. My battery couldn't hold a charge within 4 months of the purchase. I literally was having to plug the phone in every 5 minutes. It was extremely annoying so I took it back to Verizon demanding an explanation. Which didn't help at all - their employees don't know the first thing about this phone! I ended up going back twice after the initial visit and eventually had the entire phone replaced. I'm 4 months away from an upgrade and let me just say that I cannot wait. This phone is a giant headache. The only reason I gave it two stars was because the graphics are great and the QWERTY keyboard is fun and easy to use, other than that don't even bother!

Wish I never purchased this phone. Not even a month with it and the front screen does not work at all!horrible...

OK for no contract phone. Like my old Blackberry much better. It's hard to use and not very intuitive when it's flipped open. It's very manual when flipped open and slow. No touch screen when open.

I recently downgraded from an iPhone 4 because I was tired of the insane data plan prices with Verizon (and all the others).  I realized I was using most of the data features just because I had them, but they weren't really necessary.  I was a little reluctant to get the ENV Touch because of some of the negative reviews.  My son is using a Chocolate Touch and it's a great little phone.  I decided to take a chance on the ENV Touch because of the full keyboard and I am glad I did!  This is a fantastic phone.  It has the feel and performance of a smartphone but does not require a data plan.  I went with a $10 bundle that Verizon offers so I can still access my email and VZ Navigator and this phone performs flawlessly for what I need.The touch screen is obviously not as refined as the iPhone but I have to say it's probably on par with a Droid X I had a year or so ago and it doesn't lag or freeze as much as the Droid either.  I can reply to texts or emails using the touch screen for short messages and the full physical keyboard for longer messages.  The menus are easy to navigate and you can put frequently used applications right on the main touch screen.  Music sounds GREAT through headphones and the camera is pretty good and has a flash.  It also navigates through different applications and screens quickly with no lag at all.If you need the latest and greatest, then this phone is probably not for you.  If you want a nice multimedia phone with a touchscreen and keyboard that does not require a data plan, then this is a no brainer.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  BTW - Oakland Wireless was fantastic to deal with!  Their customer service is first rate and I will definitely ship with them again.

It was exactly what I wanted to replace my old phone.  I like this product and I don't have to learn a new phone.

I received the phone quickly. I love love love it! It's a nice looking phone, not too big, touch works great, so does flip. It's like two phones in one.

It was a replacement for the phone I lost (same model) and I am happy to have a phone again. The battery is bad. Does not stay charged for very long. Does not last the day before it is dead.

The touch screen no longer workd properly. The phone hasbeen in use for less than a month. I shuld return it.

I was happy about being able to replace my old dead phone with one just like it. What made me happy was I could use the same charger as my other devices with it. That helps a ton.The one bad thing about it is you can't hear it ring very well even when the volume is set on high. You can hear the people talking ok but when it's ringing or texting, it's softly purrs. In my hairstyling business, that aspect doesn't work very well for me. I have to keep it in eyesight to look often while I'm working. That's inconvenient.

This phone is great! I didn't want a smart phone, but I did get a phone that works good and is easy to use. Love this phone!

The touch screen does not work!!!!!!! I hate it, wish i would have sent it back as soon as i got it.

this was an awesome looking phone and came in a verizon box  thinking that I got a good inexpensive deal with good apps. I charged up the phone, the finished charging 11:00pm, so I turned on the phone and went to bed. I woke up at 7:00am to try out my new phone, to my disappointment the batteries was dead. Just to be on the safe side I chatged up the phone again so I may use it, only gave me 3 hours remember now the phone is not hooked up yet, I am just looking at the features, looking at the batteries I saw that they were used, I felt cheated and blamed Verizon, if they can let some cheater to use their name and peddle faulty goods then they can't be of any worth ( this is not the first someone comp[lains). Well I gave the 2 hr battery phone to my son to play the games on it and take pics with the camera and will buy another one. Heh that was my first and last Verizon phone

This phone is the absolute best non-smartphone there is. GIANT downside prepare for a 60 a month data plan or more because its considered a &#34;touchscreen smartphone&#34; straight from Verizon's mouth! Kicker is it's a &#34;pressure screen&#34; doesn't have to be a finger like all touchscreen smartphones. It doesn't have a wi-fi option so you wont be able to save any of your data usage. But the phone itself couldn't be more of a pleasure!

This phone sucks. My screen started messing up right after I got it. Don't waste your money. It turns off constantly and wont hold a charge.

So after my first review i put in the comment there was no Manuel and if the product was brand new there would have been a Manuel, never asked for money back or anything and the owner sent me this....SO RUDE!!! I was not upset when i wrote the review or anything, just said that there was no Manuel in the box....Perhaps in the future, before making inappropriate and unnecessary comments in a public forum, you will take the time to ask a simple question, if you are not sure about something.  While the item is NEW and EXACTLY as we described it in the listing, you will note that we specifically did not say a manual was included.  We listed exactly what you would expect to receive in this package when you purchased it and the manual was not listed.  This is because manuals add unnecessarily to shipping weight and 95% of people do not reference them.  The manual is also available for FREE download online in PDF form.So, the lack of simple communication on your part had the cause of downgrading our performance rating when you based your entire review on a part of the purchase which was not listed as being included in the first place and that is available to you free of charge, if you want it.  This is completely unfair to sellers.  Your feedback comments had nothing to do with the transaction, the speed of delivery, the condition or completeness of the item, or the fact that you got an exceptional deal on a new item that is otherwise no longer available because it has been discontinued by the manufacture.  Your whole comment focused on the manual, which was not listed as included and you can get anytime you like.  Does that seem fair to you in the least bit?

I love the phone, before I made the purchase i checked out at the Verizon phone store and they give a me price quote $150 with renew 2 years contract.  Lucky i didn't make the purchase with Verizon.  I am very happy with the phone i got for the price.  The phone looks like new and works great so far.  The most important thing is no data plan require which is i don't want to spend extra money on.  If you are looking for a phone just to text and no data plan needed, this is the ideal phone for you.

I purchased this item brand new and after 30 days I have found out it has a bad board that won't allow me to charge the battery. Of course the warranty was for only 30 days and no way to contact the seller to have it replaced. This unit was manufactured in 2008 and no were near worth the money for something that last less than 60 days.Very disappointed in product and Applewireless.

I lived by LG phones until I bought this piece of junk! I had the phone for 2 weeks then it started giving me trouble.  Front screen refused to light up and when it did it would go completely white making it useless. Then it started shutting off after every text I would send.  Being ridiculously frustrated I took it to Verizon and they replaced with another one.  This phone lasted one month than all my old problems reappeared.  A year later I'm still stuck with this phone.  The touch screen doesn't work anymore, the battery will not charge, and the phone continues to shut off after every text I send.  DO NOT BUY! I am currently counting down the days til I can upgrade and smash this piece of junk into pieces.

I got this for my kids first phone and we all like it. It does not have all the games they would like but it's not a smartphone and it does the job. Awesome first phone!

ordered this phone to replace the one i had of same model. but this phone has problems with the buttons not working right and some of the keys inside do not light up at night making texting harder.  also, have to remove battery after charging sometimes to reset phone as it locks up...wish i had returned sooner but did not ..

This phone fell significantly short of it's claim.  The sound feature is terrible because you can't hear the ringtones.  In addition, the screen is already getting a cloudy film, making it difficult to see anything through it and I 've had it less then one month.  I would not recommend this phone.  I'm extremely disappointed in this purchase.

Gr8 phone for the price

crap phone

I really liked this phone...I had to send it back ,something with the phone was pulling the charge out of the battery's

Got this because I wanted a brand new out of the box Verizon replacement. I had to take it in to transfer my contacts.

I ordered this phone-to replace my broken phone. I am highly disappointed, as for the first week it worked great, after that not so good.This phone is allways out of calibration, and does what it wants.Now-the inside screen does not light up-at all-so I cannot use the keyboard-(qwerty) .This phone is terrible !!

Ordered this for a salesperson who's phone died. Paid expedited shipping for 50 dollars more. The phone arrives in an old crumpled box, that doesn't go with that phones model. No written instructions in the box. Took the phone to the carrier and they say the phone doesn't work at all. The screen doesn't work. Buy a new phone from the carrier, as the salesperson cannot be without a company phone. Request a refund, receive the refund... but not for the shipping. So the phone never went through a quality check prior to shipping and it cost me 50 bucks and a lot of aggravation. I checked the cost of shipping was 17 bucks, so they make money shipping out broken products. That isn't right. Buyer be ware!

I paid a higher price because I clicked on the &#34;New button.&#34; When I called to activate it I was told it had been on two different accounts!!! I would have paid less for a used one.

When I received my new phone in the mail, I drove to the nearest Verizon store, hooked it up to my plan, went home and charged it over night. Woke up the next morning, took it off the charger, sent 1 text, and 5 minutes later it was dead. The only time it would work was when charging. Had to take another trip back to the closest Verizon shop, asked if they could order me a new battery, but they said they've had the same problem with this same exact phone with multiple different people. Not worth it. I would not encourage purchasing this phone.

I read reviews before I purchase anything..This phone lives up to all the positive reviews about it! When I received the phone it looked brand new and in perfect condition.I really didn't want a "Smart Phone" do the added expenses that come along with it..This phone was the perfect compromise.Offers great benefits/features without spending $$$!!

I am very happy with my purchase! I am still holding off on hopping on the smartphone wagon bc it is still outside of the budget. My favorite features of this phone are the full key board (great for texting) and the mp3 player (mini sd chip not included) which features a standard earphone outlet. A lot of my previous phones I have owned have had mp3 players but they have a micro earphone outlet...and all the earphones that could fit that outlet suck!!!...I got this phone with next day delivery (on a Saturday) for only 38.00$ total. Couldn't be happier with this purchasing experience.

The phone itself is good but the touch screen is not that great and the battery doesn't hold a good charge.  I bought a new battery thinking I got a bad one sent to me but no that was not it.  It is the phone or the battery type that is not good.

I recommend this phone for non technical users.  Great for and easy to use.  Take great photos and text messages

This phone may not be a smart phone but does require a data plan to use. I bought it so that I didn't have to have a data plan, therefore it was of no use to me.

I recently purchaced 2 envy touch phones from amazon.com. i recieved them 1 week later, it was exactly when they said it would arive. But when I turned on the phones one of them had lines going through the screen. so I e-mailed the seller. The person told me to send back the phone and refunded my money right away.

this phone attempted to update itself for four days which by the way it never accomplished updating itself. During that time you cant use the phone. You just get a message, &#34;updating please wait do not turn off your phone.&#34;

I had been looking for this phone for a while & find it for a great. Received the phone about 3 days after ordering it & I really like the phone & it features. If you are purchasing this phone to use with Page Plus wireless you will not be able to access the internet on this phone. If it was possible to access the internet on this phone it would be the perfect phone for me but unfortunately I am having to return this phone because I want to continue my service with Page Plus wireless & want a phone where I can access the internet.

I've owned 4 of these same phones - I don't want a true &#34;smartphone&#34; and this is the next closest thing without being weighed down by the contract. It gives you a great keyboard for texting, an effective touch screen and the single best format for listening to podcasts and being able to slide a tab to the exact minute and second of any podcast or song you're listening to. I'll keep owning these as long as they're available to purchase!

My kids love the keyboard. The touch screen takes some getting used to, but an all around decent phone. I recommend the Env Touch

This is a good phone for that early teenager that wants a smart phone but &#34;can't have one&#34;. Avoid THAT pitfall and get them this one. It has almost all the bells and whistles.

It is exactly what I wanted!!  The shipping was very quick as well, will order again in the very future.  I was not ready to make the leap into the smart phone world, I would recommend ordering from this company.

Had got this for my Mom! She called me today the phone is restarting every time she use it! She has problems with the phone but she didn't want to hurt my feelings! Now she can't call out after 4months. She had to replace her phone so I guess that I lost money for nothing! Disappointed Big Time!

I like the phone and all of it's features. I have had this phone for 2 weeks. I just ordered a new battery because the phone will only hold a charge for about half of a day. I followed the directions precisely in the guide on how to charge the battery . I'm hoping a new battery will solve the problem or I will have to return it.

The phone worked well initially and had all of the features my son wanted.  After two weeks of normal use the screen went blank and the phone was no longer usable.  While the ordering process and delivery were good, the fact that the phone has no warranty is a problem.  I thought I would be able to order a decent phone for my son since Verizon does not offer many basic phone choices, but I will, most likely, never buy a phone again without a warrantly.  Too risky!

Old school phone, I got it because I am a college student and cant afford a smart phone right now. It works perfectly fine, I had this phone all throughout high school and it lasted that whole time, and now I have a new one for college. I am using Verizon as a service provider.

Phone came swiftly in the mail, also came with a wall charger and a car charger. Downside it that this is the first time I have had a problem with getting a phone off Amazon and it arriving with a bad battery. I just had to order a new batter because the phone will say it is fully charged and completely die within 15 minutes.

We bought this for our daughter.  It came quickly and new in box.  Works great.  The phone has a few quirks, but nothing we hadn't read in other reviews and nothing major we can't live with.  Great for texting without data contract.

It is a good phone, works great. Easy to use lots of features that I like.  I recommend this phone for a non smartphone.

I'm surprised by all of the negative reviews of this phone.  I'm on my second one (dropped the first one too many times after 2 years) and I've loved it. I currently have one in my basement as a backup in case the first ever dies. I did have a problem with pocket dialing before I got a Body Glove case.  After that it's been nothing but great.  I keep my phone running for 4+ weeks at a time but, just like a computer, these phones need to be restarted every once in a while.  I'm not going to lie and say that my phone hasn't glitched and needed to be either or shut and reopened or turned off and back on, but seriously, what 3G internet capable phone has EVER been completely glitch free for everyone?  And the reviews for the touch screen have killed me.  Mine has been fantastic for both phones, but then I did take the minute to actually calibrate it to make sure it works correctly with my touch. Fresh out of the box, or when calibrated to someone else's touch, yes the screen is probably going to seem awful, hence the need to calibrate it to your touch.  You also can't effectively use a flat finger gorilla touch, finger tips are needed.  And I will agree that trying to text with the touch screen can sometimes be challenging since it's small as compared to an iPhone, but why would you use the touch screen when you have the fantastic QWERTY keyboard on the inside?!?The bluetooth, camera, and MP3 player have worked great for me and 16GB of removable SD card storage space is also nice.The only truly negative thing with this phone is the side lock button.  If you hit it twice it unlocks the phone and then you can pocket dial.  Thankfully a protective case will keep it from doing that.

this is totaly different phone. i had one sinse 2008. never had any problem. that is why i wanted the same one. totaly wrong phone. it is looks like it , but performance very poor. DO NOT BUY.

I can't go on the internet, the phone freezes up and the touch screen doesn't even work and I can't text 3 different people which is just weird and not cool. Don't buy this phone.

This phone is a good phone, but the battery life is terrible, i go trough 2 full charges a day. The phone works great and I love the keyboard but like i said the only problem is the battery life.

I had this phone for 2 years, but switched to a stupid samsung intensity 2 over the summer because it was time for an update. I didn't want to waste the money for the data fee on a smart phone.My new phone has been a piece of garbage since the day I got it. I was so close to tears when I walked into verizon and they said they stopped making the EnVtouch. I loved it so much that I wanted another one. I never had problems with the touch screen, I actually liked the sensitivity of it because I have long nails, so it was so perfect for me! It didn't fit into my skinny jeans very well, but the full flip up keyboard with the internal screen was awesome. The battery did start to die off quickly within about a year and a half... but it only costs $3 for a new one here on amazon. I am going to buy a new one and switch back as soon as possible!One thing that I suggest to people who are having problems with this phone is that you should go into verizon every few months to get your phone updated. I only did this once through the time I had this phone, but once you get the "update" it starts to run like new again. If callibration is off on the touchscreen they can fix it at the store, or you could go into the settings menu and fix it yourself. All of this is free to have done at the store.This phone has been amazing, I can't wait to switch back!

my kids love it. I bought two of them and they are really awesome. They both really love that they are touch screen and I really love that I do not have to pay for a data package.

Item arrived before it was promised but had a crack in it and the speaker when talking to someone sounds somewhat muffled. It was a used product but I had hoped it wouldn't be defective. I didn't care cosmetically as much as I do about functionality.

This phone is by far the absolute worst phone I have ever had- and I am not a picky person when it comes to phones.  I tried multiple times to calibrate the touch screen, but it was never correct.  It was absolutely impossible to dial a number using the touch screen because when I would hit a number another would be entered (sometimes I would type &#34;8&#34; and &#34;2&#34; would appear&#34;).  I found myself in tears from the simple task of trying to call my grandmother.  The battery life was what caused me to get another phone... it lasted 2 hours on a good day.  Many times I was stranded on the side of the road and forced to walk through snow, sleet, and hail to reach my destination because my phone could not remain on long enough to perform it's basic function- call for help.  The picture quality was terrible.  I have a dog with white fur and black spots.  The pictures are so blurry that my dog appears as a gray blob with a tail.  Oftentimes the screens would simple freeze and I would have to remove the battery in order to use the phone.  This would usually cause me to launch the phone across the room due to frustration, which proves to be quite humiliating while in class, meetings, or other professional settings.  Also, sometimes I would simply set the phone down and the battery would pop out!  I literally could not believe what was happening.  I had to put the battery back in the phone and then power on the device.  15 seconds of my life... GONE!  Once I turned the phone on to find all of my preferences (background, password, text themes, etc) were replaced.  I still can't explain that one.  I did not bother to reset my preferences- it was not worth the hassle.  Instead I smashed the thing to smithereens and invested in a DROID.  It was a cheap phone and barely served as a suitable replacement for the 3 months that I could bear to use the thing.  I lost a lot of sleep, hair, and bodily fluids over this phone and would not wish it on my worst enemy.

so far phone is as i heard. good phone no problems . i just went by reviews when choosing this phone . so i hope mine is helpful.

I bought this phone (used) from a friend. It had already been through two owners at that time. The first owner was a young mother who of course didn't use the phone as much as a teenager, but still had all the challenges babies and cellphones can present when mixed. The second owner was a police officer who had used the phone as his work phone. I'm sure that can not be an easy life for a touchscreen phone either. When I received the phone it had some cosmetic damage, and came with a replacement charger. I swapped the charger out for one that I had used with my ENV3, it works perfectly. I placed a screen protector on it and a case, the phone looks brand new. I love this phone, it does exactly what I want. My fiance is more techy when it comes to phones than myself, and he has used mine enough that he wants one of his own. I am purchasing this one for his Christmas present this year, I know he will be overjoyed.

We recieved the phone as promised in great condition we were alittle upset that being a new phone that a book did not come with it on instructions . Oh well . The shipping time was ad promised .

The phone appeared new but the battery does not hold a charge for long so it has to be recharged a lot.  I tried to buy a new battery but the battery is part of the back cover so I could not find one.

The best dumb phone you can buy for the money..period. I will be so disappointed when they are no longer available.

Phone does not receive messages from friends. Screen freezes a lot and phone powers off on its own a lot. Definitely do not recommend it. Not what I expected.

Because the back comes off to easily and broke the little piece that keeps the battery connected.  It is broke already.  Seriously.

This LG phone is a great starter for young teens. Why? Because it is A LOT like a smart phone, but a little less. It has a nice keyboard. I liked this phone when I had it for a little over a year. It usually worked really well and it was a greast starter phone.

I purchased this phone and when it arrived it did not work.  It wouldn't complete its charge or turn on.  The seller sent me another one and this one was dirty.. still had oils from previous owner on it.  The phone now runs for a time and then just shuts off!  Initially I was satisfide with the seller's actions to replace the first phone, but upon receiving the second phone and seeing the condition it was in I would not buy from him again.

This phone stopped working after only a couple of months. Junk! I thought they test them to be like new before sending them to the customer?

It is the same phone I've had for years and it works fine.  I would order again when the time comes.

This phone was just what I needed. It had a qwerty keyboard and a high quality screen... until three months later when the inside screen completely stopped working.  I was very disappointed. I'm now ordering an Alias 2 to replace it because I'm tired of junky phones.  Don't buy this phone. It is not very durable.

Both 2 of these phones...One for son and one for grandson.  They both have the same problems. At first the work pretty decent then the troubles began.  Started with neither battery would hold a charge.  The have to pull the battery and  put it back and recalibrate it at least every other day.  Now when they try to call someone or someone calls them...no one can hear what anyone is saying.  All they can do is text.  Seems funny that both phones have the same problems.  Now I am stuck with 2 junk phones.  If you want a decent phone stick with the Envy 3.  May not be touch screen but at least it works.

We bought this phone for our son as his first phone, and this is perfect for what our son needed it for, thank you!

I ordered this Phone to replace my existing Motorola World Edition Phone as I wanted a phone with Qwerty key board.Day I received I took it to local Verizon Office who transferred the service without any problems.I have been using it for about a month now and works great.

Worked great for a used item as expected! Minor flaws that come from normal use, but nothing to worry about.

Best deal around on the env touch. It was brand new in the box complete with charger. Easy to activate and I was not required to get a data package for it through verizon.

Most of the retailers on this site are selling used phones advertised as new.  I personally have done business with one retailer, Cellphones-4u.  The phone arrived in a Verizon box, unsealed, loosely floating in a plastic tray, not an LG box as it should have been.  You could tell the wall charger was extremely used and subsequently, didn't work.  Immediate RED flag.  Called Verizon, gave them the MEID# that is located inside the battery compartment.  The lady told me that the phone had been used on the separate accounts.  So it spent most of it's life in shipment.  Cellphones-4u keeps insisting that it is new from Verizon.  He posted it under my bad review on their site.  So, he is calling me and Verizon liars.  In hindsight, I noticed that every bad review that was posted for Cellphones-4u, he had a reply that they were in essence, thieves or liars.  Do your homework.  When you receive your phone, call your service provider, give them the MEID# and find out if it is indeed a new phone.  They are charging new price, make them provide what they advertise.

having a little problem with the touch screen the seems to take a minute to come otherwise the phone seems to work ok, we'll see how it go for  a minute thanks for the quick response the service was a five thanks.

Product was shipped faster and sooner then expected. Having fun using it now ( LG enV Touch) Thanks again itsmydj!

For a basic phone, it's a little hard to opperate without instructions. It's hard to understand the caller without using the speaker and there are times when that is just not acceptable. I am looking for another phone to replace this one because it's pretty much a piece of junk. Internet is extremely slow. Battery life is a joke. I am sadly disappointed in this purchase.

I chose this phone to work my way up from a basic to a smart phone. It took a couple weeks to get used to it, but now the LG enV Touch and I get along fairly well! The camera and video functions are very nice, and the big screens let me see much better what my daughters send me, picture-wise, from their smart phones. I like the QWERTY keyboard for texting. The outer touch screen takes a little getting used to; I do much better if I use a stylus pen rather than my fat old fingers! I would definitely recommend this phone for someone who wants the look of a smart phone without the up-front or monthly costs! It looks great, and with a little practice, is easy to use.

I love this phone. It is easy to use. it has everything i need. love the keyboard for texting. good camera. love it

This is a very good phone for texting and taking and viewing pictures.  I've had it for 3 years and might even get another one.  No, it's not as cool as a smart phone, but I don't want that expense.  The keyboard is easy to use for someone who might have large fingers. The font is as big as I can find, honestly, I can't find any fault with this phone.

If you're like me and dont want DATA plans, than this phone will do fine... The touchscreen ISNT like an ipodtouch/iPhone INCASE you're wondering. you have to use a bit of nail for the touch screen, the only thing on MY PHONE is that the vibrate option doesnt work... The Phone vibrates, but it RINGS when i have it on Vibrate.Overall the phone is good, I am upgrading from my loved LG DARE that I have had for 5 years now. Good basic phone

This phone is by far the worst phone i've ever had.. I"ve only had this phone about 8 or 9 months, my touch screen doesn't work at all (I have only dropped it twice). And it resets itself whenever and deletes your stuff. The ONLY thing I like about it is, it's keyboard, very nice! I have another year with this piece of crap..needless to say I wish I had done more research!!!

You were lifesaver , grandsons phone died , we were going nuts , he constantly was using our phone, so we finally broke down and bought the envo , has been wonderful , he loves the phone!

I do like this phone with the exception that the screen does go white occasionally. I have had it almost a month and it has started acting up. I don't know...it just seems that it is the common theme in products these days. They are poorly made. So what do we do...suck it up and drive on. It makes and takes phone calls. I guess I can't expect too much more out of it.

had to replace the battery 3 days after getting the phone...people should warn you that the battery doesn't keep a charge when they sell you products

i got the phone in a timely manner and it is in awesome condition and came with an extra battery that i wasn't aware of so that was a nice surprise.

This has been a really cool and useful cell.  The seller was very prompt and knowledgable.  Texting is a breeze on the keyboard and the sound is clear.  I love it.  I would absolutely deal with this seller again.  Shipment was prompt.

i bought this product so i could use it anywhere exercise  driving. house cleaning this is my 7 go bible i show it off to everyone and they want one like it,..

I bought 4 EnV phones --coutn them FOUR--of various kinds last year for Christmas for my children and self.  All four of them broke in various ways.  None of the problems were covered under the warranty although both mine and my one daughter's slider loosened from the phone and broke in two from regular use.  I am not even a big time texter (at age 54) so it should not have broken.  Talking to customer service both at enV and at Verizon was like talking to a rock.  I bought Samsung now.  I'm slightly more pleased, but my oldest daughter bought her own iphone....it is light years ahead of this other junk

Purchased this used phone in good condition to replace my basic phone that stopped working. I was so excited to get this because had touchscreen with also the capability to use the keyboard instead. I worked fine for a few days when I started noticing the screen would lock up when I tried to call my voicemail, I could not dial the password on the screen I had to open the phone. Also when I got 2 text messages at the same the screen went to tovertical color lines on the screen. One night on the charger I removed the plug and light wouldnt go off I had to reset it by taking the battery out and replacing. So with all I am returning it to the seller.

I purchased this &#34;new&#34; phone. It arrived well packaged in a Verizon box. Within 30 days the front screen didn't and the phone would not charge. Don't buy this item.

its a phone if you just need a phone its perfect only major defect it the battery life is absolutely horrible mine only lasts maaaaybe 4 hours if im lucky and its not too hot out and my phone is feeling appreciated the battery even drains when the phone is turned off slower granted but still bull crap

Got the screen savers and they fit perfectly and were a breeze to apply.  It's so nice to be able to still find screen savers for these phones and at such a great price.  Can't beat Amazon!  They're the bomb and so are all of the sellers I have dealt with so far!!THANKS!!

I had an old Env Touch that literally fell apart but continued to work.  My family was embarrassed that I was still using an old, beat up phone and begged me to get a new one.  I had no interested in getting an IPhone with a data plan and simply wanted a new Env Touch.  Verizon doesn't carry them anymore so when I found this on Amazon, I quickly made the purchase!  Very happy to be using it brand new - works great!

My son and I absolutely loved the old Samsung Alias II. We test and call alot, but dont need web access so a smart phone is unnecessary. We liked the full keyboard and the versatility of the dual hinge. but those phones became increasingly hard to get (in good condition at reasonable price). So I shopped for something else. I tried the LG Dare, but the thing is too difficult to test on. then I stumbled onto the old LG EnV. This phone rocks. Touch screen outside is great. The lock button on the side is perfect. And flip it open to find a nice big screen and perfect ergonomic keypad. The thing never hangs or resets. The only buggar is the limit of 10 numbers to a group. but for a phone this old, that's acceptable. I know people knock this phone for the outer touch screen pooping out. and thats a concern. We bought 2 phones. One is fine after 30 days, but the other did have the touch screen fail. 1/3rd of the screen is static looking and unreadable. We are currently requesting a replacement. I'm hoping this is a freak, because feature wise, I absolutely love this phone. And Eenaphy was awesome to buy from. Good prices, quick shipping, nicely packaged. Hopefully they will be just as cool with the replacement.

Avery good phone that uses many of the older models features and expand on them. If you don't need a Droid phone this  phone can do a lot and is fun to work with.

I got this phone when it came out and I still have it today I wouldn't replaced even for the iPhone 4 I've probably dropped it once a day it's bullet proof never had A problem. keyboard is amazing  camera is good , has never dropped calls it's great when this one goes I'll probably get the same one I'm that I love with it !!!!!

do not buy from this seller, this said refrubished behind the battery but was not stated on the description. 2-the static was so bad I had to return it.

It turns out that the phone had some sort of problem that caused it to turn off randomly, and it didn't hold a charge. I contacted the seller and returned the phone, but never heard back and did not receive a refund.

Yeah, It's about the only damn thing that did work right besides all the other accessories for the phone that was ordered.

LG was right on target when they named this phone the enV Touch: I *envy* users whose *touch* screen works!Voice quality is decent and texting is easy with the internal QWERTY keyboard. Battery life is adequate though not spectacular. The browser is OK for an emergency check of email or traffic, but the screen's too small to really get online. But the touch screen on the front stopped holding its calibration after just a few months, even though I recalibrated at least daily. At first it was a little bit of accuracy creep, then one day it didn't work at all.If the touch screen worked, I'd give this phone 4 stars. Without the touch screen, 1.5 to 2 stars.

So far it's been a great phone, especially for the price. I wouldn't be able to afford one directly from Verizon

Overall I like the phone, meets my needs on a daily basis. I would recommend it to others.  Thanks for asking.

Phone is great.  Easy to use. Love the keyboard also.  Touch screen is nice and works smoothly. I charge the battery about every 2 or 3 days which I think I good.

Phone works great. Reliable seller. Item fits the description perfectly. Good shipping. Overall, very good experience. I would definitely recommend this seller. Thank you!

It is a good phone if you want to get away from the technology of the smart phone. Works well.

This phone drops every call.  The technology is too old to sync with Backup Assistant. DO NOT BUY

This phone was purchased as a replacement for an existing phone on my cell plan.  It was a seamless addition to the plan and saved me a fortune compared to upgrading with Verizon.

this phone is great. yes, the touch screen isn't as advanced as the smartphones but it still works great. I recently upgraded to the droid 2 and had this phone before it and it worked great. The touch screen hardly ever messes up and the camera on this phone is actually better than the one on my new phone. The inside qwerty is really nice cuz the buttons are big enough and distinctly seperate. I bought it used and had it for 7 months after that. And it still works great. Thinking of selling it back to here so someone else can use it cuz it's still in great condition.

I had this phone before and l loved it. After ordering phone  came quick within 4 days of ordering it. It was new like it was advertised but I have had problems with front screen freezing. And dropped a few calls already. I did get ahold of seller and he promptly emailed back to send phone back. Which I appreciate his prompt response. My problem is this is my main phone and if I mail it out to him I'm sure he will quickly like he did the first time send me one out immediately but I can't do with out a phone for that few days my contracts up the end of this month so I think I will hold on to this phone and hope for the best my last LG eV Touch was great lasted me 3years and when I started to having problems  with the touch screen it quickly went down hill from there so that's why I'm so concerned with the problems I'm having now I do recommend this seller he was quick with delivery and prompt with a response to my issue just for me I really can't do without a phone for any period of time

Great price on a great phoine my daughter loved. Unfortunately we had to send it back since it was a refurbished phone and something was wrong with the internal charging dock.  Wish they would have had another one! :(

The great phone and workeI purchased the phone for my daughter. I didn&#8217;t want to get her an expensive phone, but still wanted a nice one for her. This worked out perfect. Thanks, d out.

Not worth the plastic it was made out of.  I went through 4 of them in two months before Verizon provided me with an upgrade.  The phone has issues with turning off and NEVER coming back on again.

Phone came pretty fast it's exactly what I order except it wasn't new has a few glitches nothing major, it works decent price I'm satisfied

I bought this phone from CellsMan and all I can say is don't buy from them. I paid a high price for a NEW phone and received a deffective second hand phone. Verizon verified that the phone I received had three users before me. The touch screen on the phone would not respond to the touch. I could not even calibrate the touch setting. Got a full refund since the purchase went through Amazon.The phone itself is very sleek. Its a basic phone. The full qwerty keypad on the inside is very nice. Helps to type out quick text messages.

I love this phone it is so easy to use the keyboard is great and as long as you keep it kinda clean the touchscreen works nicley. I have not had any problem with this phone and I am on my 3rd one, I just don't want another one. 1st one my husky chewed as a pup and the 2nd my son glued the phone shut.

Please DONT get this phone..everyone told me the touch screen would suck in less than a year.. but i didnt listen and i wish i had.. the touch screen doesnt work AT ALL. It doesnt recognize touching the screen at all. And this all happened after only several months.

I've only had this phone for a little over a year & I'm already tired of it. Not because I want the next big thing, but because this phone is the biggest pain in the tuckus I've ever had to deal with.What should I mention first. Should I mention that this phone has the worst "locking" mechanism ever? On more than one occasion I've pulled my phone out of my purse to discover that the phone's sliding touch screen has responded to something in my purse, slid up, & either made a phone call or gone into one of the phone's programs. One night it decided to call my landlord at midnight. Another time I pulled it out of my purse to discover that it'd managed to purchase a ringtone at random. (The ringtone was "Born in the Hood", if you're curious. A good song but not one that really suits me as a ringtone.) Then there's the fact that it loves to drop calls. It doesn't get the greatest reception.Now I've had the "pleasure" of owning a Razr, which was eventful in & of itself. I can safely say that I'd rather take my fragile Razr than this piece of garbage. It's pretty looking & the touch screen stuff is nice at first, but it's a huge PITA.Save your money & go after something that isn't this phone. The bad reception & dropped calls I could have dealt with, but the touch screen responding to any & everything is the deal breaker. I don't want to have to explain to any more people that my phone managed to unlock itself & act on its own accord.

the first phone was not as good as it was posted but the second phone was good and my wife likes the phone. yes i would try amazon again when shopping for any thing else.

This phone freezes and I have to remove the battery repeatedly to get it to turn back on.  The cable it came with says it is not rcommended and it wont ever fully charge.  Of course, I am a couple weeks past the 30 day return and now have to send to LG.

The devices was in good cosmetic shape, but the battery drains pretty fast and the internal camera does not work.

the product has an horrible touch screen u need to slide it over 15 times to unlock or anything u do the seller didn't write it in the product details do not buy it u will regret it!! i have never had such an horrible phone!!

I have had an enV3 for about 4 years. I thought I would &#34;upgrade&#34; to this phone. It has had issues since the day I got it!

Let me go over why I hate this phone so much!!! I usually would think hate is a strong word, but honestly, I think it's a worthy word for this piece of &#34;technology&#34;I got my first phone in September of 2010 when it was still offered as a warrantied phone (like what Verizon would sell as refurbished replacements with upgrades) and it broke within a month. Just stopped powering on, stuck at the Verizon logo, I called and complained to Verizon, and they sent me another phone, which arrived with a loud ring, but whenever you talked to somebody, the speaker would quiet up. I called back YET AGAIN, and they sent me another that didn't hold a charge, the battery was awful with this device (any of the 3) I should have known with my friends experience (9 of these units) it wasn't going to be a good phone, but I read the positive reviews, and they sucked me in.The camera is pretty good, although I would like to see some improvement on the video side. When a video is replayed back on the computer, it retains same good quality, but the sound has somehow turned out to some tinny kinda crap, can't make out what it is saying and is VERY garbled. How anyone understands these videos (what the person is saying or what is going on,I don't know)Whenever I wanted to select something on the touchscreen, I'd tap, and the phone WOULD GET THIS!!!! SCROLL. It wouldn't select. Oh yeah and try to calibrate, it will always tell you that it failed to calibrate, but off-calibration actually got it to work somewhat better.And if you ask why i didn't use the keyboard, was not my chance not to use it. A day after my warranty went out, the WHOLE Inside QWERTY DIED.Oh and then the calls dropped, that was an almost daily occurrence starting a couple months ago. When upgrade time came i got a Samsung Sway phone, and as soon as it arrived, smashed the ENV TOUCH with a hammer, and said &#34;DROP MY CALL NOW&#34;No one should have to have these issues, or suffer through this crappy phone, either get rid of it, or don't get it. I have saved you from hours of phone calls with customer support. i wouldnt even give this to an enemy

I was very happy with the service I received and the quick response. When the first product was not working properly there was no problem and they were very helpful in sending the second product.

I had nothing but issues with the phone when I bought it. It was said in the ad that it was NEW, no it wasnt then the customer service from Apple.com was awful and unprofessional. I would have returned asap but the phone is now completely broken and they will not take it back. Lesson learned never to shop there again.  I rated it what I did because it didnt work, I would be in the middle of a phone conversation and it would shut completely off. Then the touchscreen wouldnt work properly either when dialing a # it would dial #'s i didnt even push.

The phone is what I expected, but the chargers that came with it really stink. They were really cheap wall and car chargers that were not really compatible with the phone. The chargers were so bad I thought the phone wasn't any good. Then I borrowed an actual LG charger and it was able to get and hold a full charge. It would have been better if they sent it without the cheesy chargers.

Im using this phone for verizons new unlimited everything plan exclusively [...]with no contract and unlimited internet works for me thanks Verizon. As of 5-7-2013. P.S loyal customers program earn free month service now:-)

Phone would cut off and take 4ever to come back on. Stay away from them. Waited 2weeks 4 this junk. Then had to send it back and pay 4 it.. Not happy at all

I had to replace a Voyager. It was a horrible phone. I don't want a data plan, but I like the touch screen with qwerty keyboards. It is slim and study. It is very similar to the Voyager, but the touch screen works much better. It is more streamlined than the Voyager as far as replying to messages. When I activated the phone online with Verizon, I was forced to get the $10 per month data plan. It's not required anymore, so all you have to do is call and they will cancel it. I wish I had waited a day or so and just had it prorated so I could get a few ringtones.I like being able to transfer data from my phone to PC with a little SD card that came with my phone. This phone is perfect for my needs.

I've had this phone for 2 years and it has done really well. It does pocket dial a lot and the screen freezes occasionally. But it isn't much of a problem. The screen works well and it very easy to use and handle. The keyboard is simple and fun. THhe accessories are wonderful. I won't replace this phone till I kill it from use.

The phone will always show a full charge while plugged in but as soon as I disconnect it the battery meter drops 1 or two bars and constantly fluctuates. Have yet to activate because of this problem and was going to return it but decided to keep it partly because of the great price but mainly to have a back up phone in case one I or one of my children breaks there phone.

I've had the enV Touch for a couple of years now. While it's not the absolute worst phone I've used, I will be VERY happy when I get a different one. I know at least five other people with this phone who feel the same way.Here are the big issues my friends and I have encountered with the enV Touch:- Mediocre call quality- Huge, poorly-located power button makes it easy to push accidentally when the phone is in your pocket or purse- The phone itself is bulky and doesn't fit in most standard backpack or purse cell phone pockets. When I try to put it in my jeans it looks downright ridiculous- About a bazillion electronic problems. In addition to randomly turning itself off, both of the phone's screens regularly freeze or just go blank- Crappy, unresponsive touch screen (you can adjust the sensitivity but it doesn't really help)- Sloooooooow. 'Nuff said- Terrible, clunky web browser with totally unintuitive controls- Autofocus on the camera is a joke, and even with great lighting the pics are inevitably blurryOn the plus side, I do like the QWERTY keyboard and I've found the battery life to be very decent. Of course, neither of those features come close to making up for all of the drawbacks. Steer clear of this phone!

Good phone for texting and takes good pictures.  Not as slim as my last phone but still fits in my jean pocket.

I ordered this replacement for my son. His upgrade was not eligible for a few months and he needed a back up. The phone came and had a few issues but nothing major. We contacted the seller to inform him of the issues. He responded to me immediately and offered to send a replacement ASAP. Everything is satisfactory. I would definitely use this seller again!

I bought this for my son and it has worked great so far.  He has had it for about 2 months

The phone itself is okay. But when I plugged it into a wall outlet to charge using the supplied USB cable and adapter I got a message that said &#34;this cable not recommended for this phone&#34;.When I plug the USB directly into one of my computer's ports I don't get that message.So it must be the adapter that is wrong.My husband purchased the same phone from another seller and his adapter looks totally different and he doesn't have any problems while charging it through a wall outlet.

This phone doesn't work sometimes.  And again i can tell it is not a new phone.  but charged as one.  badddddddd.  I KNOW I WILL NEVER DO IT AGAIN.

Inside screen is already going bad. Pretty sure they will both go bad soon. Didn't realize it was a refurbished phone, claimed to be new.

Perfect first phone.  Very simple and easy to use.  Camera is good and keypad is easy to read. Great buy!

When i recieved this phone i  thought it was a nice phone but it wasnt all that good the touch screen wasnt very good u had to use ur nail to do anything so their fore the screen got scratched easy so i definetly reccomend that u buy screen protectors when u purchase this device :) the reason why it was being sent back was because it didnt work in my area Saint helen Michigan so if u live by this area dont buy this device overall it was a pretty good phone but just wasnt right for me :) so now i purchased the LG Extravert :) and im happy ;)

this cell phone i ordered was delivered on time for sure in new condition, very nice phone i liked it from the first day, but after a few days it started to malfunction , took it to verizon and they worked on it and told me to forget about this phone because LG had stop production sometime ago because of to many problems, so i returned it and i expect a full refund, i am very confident that amazon will come thu as ususual, thanks

I really like this phone.  I ordered this to replace the phone I had just like this that was dying.

We purchased this phone for my son in place of the water damage that he had on his cellphone. It was better than the phone that the insurance was going to send us for the same price! Arrived on time

This phone came to me from an insurance claim... I originally bought the Samsung Rogue, which I loved. But a friend spilled Coca Cola all over it and it never worked again :( . This was my replacement because they don't make the Rogue anymore.Anyway, this phone stinks. I have had a lot of cell phones in my day and I have to say that I hate this one the worst. The old (non-touch) env was great - don't know what happened! If it is in my pocket and I bend over, it turns itself off. If I get a multimedia message and (gasp!) want to look at it, it turns itself off and back on. If I look at a simple text message and set it down, it turns itself off (and I don't slam it down, either!).Sometimes when I get a text, there is nothing but a white or black screen  - and I have to take the battery out and put it back in because the keys are nonresponsive at that time. The speakers inside the phone are great, but most ringtones are not nearly loud enough because I don't keep my phone open all the time (does anybody?). Picture messages are slow sending. There are not many apps that are worth getting for this phone. Battery life could be much better. Also, it is hard to hear people sometimes - the actual earpiece where sound comes out is not the entire part where it is cut out at the top - it is actually a third of that.The two things I love about the phone: Pictures are awesome. Love the keyboard. But, I could get those two things in any other phone. I am SO ready for an upgrade to a non-stinky phone in November!In short, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! It is not worth it.

This phone is a down right piece of junk.  Pocket dials people at least 1 to 2 times a day.  No way to lock with password protect without going through 5 steps of menus to enter password. Screen scratches on everything, touch screen is activated by the fabric in you pant pocket! Or any other object that touches it.  I check it at least 20 to 30 times a day to ensure it has not dialed out.  DO NOT GET THIS PHONE YOU WILL REGRET IT! If there was zero stars i would give it.

well, I got this phone 7 months ago and it died.  It is doing the same thing as the old  phone, flashing off and on.  So taking it to repair place on Monday and will let you know what they say.Also, the battery life on this phone is awful.  I don't text or us much and I had to recharge several times a day.Not happy.

This phone works great for what I use it for. Opens backwards compared to all other phones I have had but that's just a minor thing I need to get used to. I have had no problems with this phone. No data pkg. needed.

Sometimes the touch doesn't work good, so my daughter ended up using her old phone. Just waiting for our contract to expire so we can switch to a non conttract plan

it wusent all that great!... it turns off out of no where!.. some times i try calling someone but it fails to call o turns off during the phone call!

The phone is very good as a standard phone with basic social networking and texting , but the touch screen went out after 21 days of use.

I bought this phone about a week ago to use on page plus. I but this despite all the terrbile reviews since my cousin had this phone for two years and it still looks brand new... And worked like new. So far the phone has been AMAZING. The keyboard lay out is great. Has a nice screen inside and out. I used to have the Envy 2 i upgraded to this. Way better then my Uncles Octane!#LOVING THIS PHONE(:

I'm sure this phone is working fine or else I would be hearing about it every day. No one can live with a broken phone

This product was delivered as advertised in perfect condition, and arrived quicker than expected. After becoming frustrated with very limited options for new basic phones, I found a phone that fit my needs very well.

Has worked well so far. Bought it for a child to have and it is just what he needed. Love that I did not need to renew a contract with the phone.

I switched from the LG Chocolate Touch to the EnV Touch because the Chocolate had tendencies to drop calls smack in the middle of conversations even when I had perfect service (and it didn't like to receive text messages either).The EnV Touch makes me wish I had my old Chocolate back.This phone makes me absolutely crazy. Every once in a while I'd try to hit a number on the touch screen and it would press the number below it like I had bear paws and couldn't manage to hit the right key (which isn't the case because i have little girly fingers). At first I thought it might have been me and I just managed to hit the wrong number. After the 4th time this happened, I figured it was the phone. It would happen mayyyybe once in ten uses. That was a few months ago. Now....almost every time I use it I have an issue. I've tried adjusting the calibration numerous times and it's useless. It still insists that I want a '4' every time I press '1'. Imagine if every time you were typing, your keyboard put in an 'h' for every 'y'. Not only is it ridiculously annoying, it makes you feel insane after a while. Texting is a nightmare with the touch screen, thankfully it has a keyboard (probably because the person who designed the phone knew that LG would screw up the touch features).The keyboard is the only saving grace for this phone. It would be even nicer if I could use the numbers on the keyboard during calls (like when I have to press '1' for English) without it automatically turning speakerphone on. It was pretty embarrassing the first time that happened. At work.I'm about ready to bash this thing to bits with a hammer.

The phone arrived on time, with full documentation and accessories as promised. Registered it on Verizon network with no problem. Thanks for a smooth purchase.

I dropped my other phone in the livewell on the boat. Of course it failed to work any longer. SO, I ordered this phone as a replacement and it said that is would ship by july second at the earliest... I recieved the phone in the mail 3 days after i ordered it on June 22. i was very pleased with the handeling of the product. Of course when buying a used product you expect minor wear on the product. This phone was no exception, howevre they were extrememly minor on the back of the phone. I have found absolutely no major defaults I love the phone itself and the keyboard is large enough for my thumbs to do all of the typing. A feature i really enjoy is the ability to customize your own phone screen, that is like virtually non-existant with basic phones. All in all, I was extremely pleased with the price, delivery, and the overall product:)

The keyboard is small, the software antiquated, and even as a basic phone, not a good deal. Returned and replaced with an entirely different model of phone.

I am unhappy with product. No instructions and the phone is not receiving texts. Also I tried calling the number and answer. No return information from seller.

The phone only work for a few months. Got it at the end of Nov 2012 and stop being able to get a signal for Verizon in March 2013.

Arrived quickly, nice phone.

I knew I loved this phone because I've had it before, but the description wasn't exactly spot on. There were more than a few minor scratches, and I can tell the battery life is shot. I have to charge it sometimes twice a day if I'm using it semi-frequently. I still love the phone, but I would've been happier with it had it been advertised appropriately.

the phone works fine, I had to glue the front cover as it was loose and a small cover on the back of the phone where the camera eye is popped off the first day I had it and had to glue it  as well.

I've had my Env Touch for over a yr. A lot of people complain about the screen coming unlocked when u put it in your pocket. I've never had a problem with it pocket dialing people. If you simply hit the side lock button twice, the screen goes black and it can't do anything while in your pocket! I just purchased my second phone today because out of my negligence, I broke the first one.  The picture quality is great, it's light weight, simple and not too confusing. It could be a lil louder but who needs the whole world to know u got a text or call?  The only time I've had a problem with this phone was when it needed a system update and it would shut off whenever i got online. It was a simple trip to the verizon store and a free update, problem solved! i'd recommend this phone to anyone

Had a minor issue with the phone but applewireless responded quickly and my daughters new phone is on the way.Thanks applewireless.

I went to Verizon to have this phone activated after I received it and the guy told me that it was not new, like it had been advertised, and that it was registered to some guy named Jerry.  I mentioned that it came in the box taped up with all the little plastic covers on it and he told me that you can buy all that on Amazon as well.  They were still able to activate it, but the battery life is terrible.  The phone charges fully, so it says, and after I take about 5 or 6 pictures, the battery is down to one bar.  Bottom line, you cannot trust buying a phone from an anonymous person online.  BE CAREFUL.

Product is not new, outside screen malfunctions from time to time. Touch Screen malfunctions from time to time. Phone was the correct model.

micro usb for charging was a stupid idea. I got 2 of these phones, one to give to my teenage sister and her's broke in under 3 months. I was as careful as could be with it and mine broke as well. I created a battery charger for her but it was more annoying than it was worth.Verizon's prepaid plans suck, $80/month and this phone isn't advanced enough to take advantage of all the bandwidth they give yet they have no in-between plans. Not the phone's fault but randomly rebooting instead of loading a webpage is it's fault.Only positive we had with it was it was great for texting with the qwerty keyboard.

Great phone and great service from sellers. Thanks for your help and quick responses to my questions. My son is very happy with the purchase.

I loved my first EnV Touch (VX11000) but it was stolen and when I went to replace it, had to buy a &#34;refurbished&#34; one from some other bad reseller... the first was EXCELLENT... the second, a POS that won't stay calibrated, won't hold a charge for more than 4 hrs (not the battery, 'cos I got new ones) and always tells me that the charger isn't the correct one, even when I use the OEM charger from my first (new) phone.This phone has the best physical qwerty keyboard ever. The flip is FAR superior to a slide-out type phone. Not light, not small, decent camera. Just wish LG still made them. And with Verizon Wireless, you DON'T have to have a data plan. Online, you might have to accept a data plan ($10 with VW) but you can call them and they will, on request, drop the data portion.I agree with others that buying refurbished or used is a bad idea.

I love this phone its nice the battery life is great and its a nice phone and this is a very good purchase and its worth every penny and it is as described .

I got the phone in a considerable amount of time. But I received to wrong phone. I ordered the lg env touch based upon the pictures and description, I was under the impression that, that was the phone I was getting. When I opened the box it was not the right phone. All the pictures that were posted were of an env touch. I did not get the right item and probably will not buy again from this seller.

I really like the phone, it meets my expectations. The only concern I have is that every time I plug in the phone charger, it says it is not the recommended charger for the phone. However, it does charge it.

nice looking phone but the internet is inaccessible due to the cheap battery. I opened it when I had 4 bars and while the page was loading my phone died. The weird part is that when I turned it back on i had 3 bars left.

this does work with verizon prepaid. the phone itself came new as requested, the only downside is it sometimes isnt reading my sd chip. other than that it is perfect. it also came with the charger cord.

HAD A LIL WERE AND TEAR BUT THE PHONE IS GREAT .BUTTONS ALL WORK.CALLS TEXTS,ND HOLDS A GR8 CHARGE..I RECOMEND THIS PHONE.

I HAVE HAD MY PHONE 6 YEARS AND THE DISPLAY IS STILL SO BRIGHT AND VIBRANT I WAS REPLACING IT WITH SAME MODEL CAUSE I BUSTED MY CAMERA LENSE.I WAS TOLD THESE WERE BRAND NEW NOT REFERBISHED  WAS THE ONLY REASON  I PURCHASED FROM  HERE.  RECIEVED PHONE DISPLAY WAS DULL AND YELLOWISH NOT THE BRIGHT BLUE MY CURRENT PHONE IS .  SO I RETURNED IT FOR ANOTHER ONE  WELL THE FEDEX LEFT IT AT WRONG ADDRESS RIGHT HOUSE NUMBER WRONG STREET.  FED X OF COURSE SHOWED IT TO BE LEFT ON MY PORCH. THE PERSON WHOSE PORCH IT WAS LEFT ON KNOWS ME AND CALLED ME TO LET ME KNOW THEY HAD A PACKAGE FOR ME.I PICKED UP PACKAGE FROM THEM  AND MORE DISAPPOINTMENT  THE PHONE REJECTS THE BATTERY THAT CAME WITH IT AND WON'T POWER ON SAYS IT REQUIRES ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT.I CALL APPLEWIRELESS AGAIN AND EXPLAIN HIS REPLY WELL WILL YOUR OLD BATTERY WORK ON IT. I REPLY YES.THEN I AM TOLD TO USE IT AND RETURN THE BATTERY THEY SENT WITH PHONE ALONG WITH MY OLD PHONE. SINCE I DON'T HAVE TWO WORKING BATTERIES I CAN'T COMPARE THE 2 PHONE DISPLAYS COINSIDENTS I THINK PROBABLY NOT, SINCE THE DISPLAY IS THE REASON I RETURNED THE FIRST ONE.I WASN'T TOLD THIS WAS A PHONE EXCHANGE PROGRAM AND ANYWHERE ELSE I PURCHASE A PHONE IT COMES WITH A WORKING BATTERY SO  PEOPLE  PLEASE  PLEASE  I WISH  I  HAD  STUCK  WITH  EBAY THEY  HAVE A GREAT  BUYER  PROTECTION PROGRAM  BUYERS  B  E  W  A  R  E

The phone goes blank too soon after answering or using voice mail. All in all it's okay, but not the best design.

MY DAUGHTER BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND LOVES IT. MY HUSBAND HAS HAD ONE LIKE IT FOR YEARS. A GREAT PHONE !

I bought 2 of these phones used and am not diappointed. I don`t have the extra cost and pain in the butt auto correct to worry about. I like the feel of a qwerty keyboard and it it takes great pics. Well worth the price.

when i first got it i was very excited and that night the keybord stopped working and i have to do everything from th terrible touch screen and i should have never ever gotten this phone

Great phone, fun to use and nice touch screen.  Flip open for Qwerty Keyboard which has larger buttons to text.  Multimedia phone alot of extras!!!

I had ordered this phone and it said it was "new" NOT refurbished, but clearly it is a refurbished phone. Just the 2nd week of me using the phone it would turn off by itself and the touch screen freezes.. Alot.

It is hard to find any good basic phones for Verizon. My son had a friend that had this phone and he is very happy with it. No smart phone, just needs something he can text his friends with.

Quick delivery.  Phone came in original Verizon box with charger.  Paperwork included in box to download user's manual from Internet.  Everything appeared new as advertised.  I love the phone - had 2 previous LG enV (not touch) phones and they lasted a long time (5+ years) - hope this one will, also.  It's a great phone for texting - it's so much quicker to send a text on the flip-open keyboard than on the front touch screen (although you have both options).  My only concern is the extremely short battery life - much shorter than with the previous enV phones.  I have all the screens off when not in use but 'm recharging almost every day and I don't use the phone much during the work day.  Contacted seller for replacement battery but was told none available and to &#34;buy one online&#34;.  A bit disappointed with the seller in this regard.

Phone looked brand new, i have had the phone for 6 months and phone still working great. Perfect phone if you dont want to pay for data plan.

I do love my phone a few flaws I think is sometimes the screen would be black and freeze up so I would have to open the phone to kinda wake it up. and it does not hold many txt messages like 200 or 250ish. sad to say i was at 95% i had missed 23 txt messages and it took me resetting my phone area by *228 to get my missed txt messages to come in. So with this phone you dont want to have it 90% full or you may miss alot of txt messages.Its a great phone just wish I didnt have to empty my messages as frequently.

Hey! I'm Marcia's daughter. I wanted a touch,but basic phone. I looked here,on Amazon, and found this enV touch! This phone is amazing and it came fast! This is deffinetly the phone you need if you want the smartphone feel yet not have to put up with the price and other diffculties.However I do have to keep calibrating it every few days, or, depending on how much I use it that day, every once in a while. You might get a really good one without the calibrating flaw, but mine is still good.Now one last bit to tell you. One of my friends has a Samsung touch, she says it's stupid and loves how sensative my screen is (compared to hers). She has to press pretty hard, almost like a button. Loading music was easy and amazingly I can do other things while listening to it(remember to unplug your head set if it doesn't microphone if your calling or answering calls).

i bought this phone and less than a year afterm ended up needing a new one. it  was packaged like it was new,but I am pretty sure that it wasnt.

I so love my phone that I got from amazon. I had the LG ENV up graded to the LG ENV TOUCH. Loving this phone. I will all way's stay with LG phone's I think that they are the best had different phone's be for but I must say LG got the other's beat. Just what I think. If you are looking onto get a phone I would say go with an LG anything LG would be you'r best phone to go with

LG enV Touch VX11000 Cell phone - Verizon Wireless happy with phone showed up in wrong box charger did not work with this model phone

I hated this phone. It looks cute but is just awful, would charge but wouldn't last. Bought a new battery for it & it still sucked.

My daughter is really hard on phones and I bought this as a replacement for her.  At first Verizon was saying I HAD to have a data package.  But after I called Verizon, the rep was finally able to get the data package removed from my plan.

The new phone performed no better than my old one.  I liked the phone in general; however, battery life was no where near what the description indicated.

I am super happy on how fast i got this phone,and it save me a headache of having to go with my cellphone company since we werent elegible for upgrade,my husband just wanted a basic phone,and its seem to be almost impossible now days,but thank you to this web site and all the good reviews i decided to order,one againg im super happy on how fast they shipped,and phones works just perfect!!!

I purchased this phone by reading reviews mentioning no data plan needed.  But I found out after I purchased it, it does need data plan for basic phone(which is like $10.00 a month).  It all worked out okay for me because I changed the plan for family share everything plan and didn't need to pay much more extra.  I just wanted to make it clear that you will need data plan.

I was looking for a replacement for a new phone that i got that was an absolute piece of crap!  I had the ENV Touch and when it was time for my upgrade, I soon found out that if you have something that works--DON'T REPLACE IT!!  I was very impressed with the speed of delivery  --less than 5 days from ordering to delivery and it was everything the seller said it was---New in the box--with the charger--just a short form of the instruction booklet--but it has an access site for the full manual online.  I am going to the Verizon store and see if it needs to be updated as I cannot get my contacts to download--so far so good !  ant it was certainly cheaper than buying from Verizon as my upgrade is not until October!!!  I will definitely buy from this seller again--the four stars is only because--I believe there is always room for improvement---so my 4 may be someone else's 5!!!  Also, this phone does NOTrequire a DATA package, takes great videos and has the larger keyboard inside as well as the touch on the face of the phone--another huge PLUS!

A lot of the reviews here criticize everything about the phone, some of these things i cannot deny, such as the pocket dialing, random screen freezes and shutdowns, and a primitive touch screen.  BUT, i have owned this phone for 4 years now, and after watching phones evolve over time there are a few things that I absolutely love about the phone.- One of the beast Non smart phones I can find (I don't pay any data fees, but I know peoples plans vary)- The camera takes great photos and videos- The BEST *physical* keyboard I have used on a phone- Micro SD HC storage (I am using an 8 gb card)- Touch screen is very convenient- Apps that you will Actually use (calender, notepad, calculator, alarm clock, bluetooth)- Physically durable to scratches and dentsAs I said, I don't pay for data, and when looking for phones wanted one that had a decent camera, sd storage, and a qwerty keyboard, and an easy to use app system.The Camera is a Schneider Lens with a 3.2 MP auto focus lens that takes 2048 X 1536 resolution still images and 640 X 480 video.  For a non smart phone, the only camera I have seen better is that on the Sharp Kin 2.  There are some fun settings to use for the camera but what i find most important is that you can record as long as you want with a micro sd card.The keyboard was the selling point for me on this phone.  I wanted a physical keyboard, and today's smartphones don't offer ones this size (the next closest is that of the motorola droid 3.  The keys are raised, there is space in between every key, and you can feel as well as hear a physical click when you press the key.  It is a 4 row keyboard including numbers, and as I said, this is the best keyboard i have found on a phone, I text blindly in class all the time without having to look at the keyboard.The micro sd card slot is easy to access and and with storage the size of your sd card you can store music, movies, pictures and videos and easily transfer then to your computer.Now personally, I use the touchscreen to access the apps I use (calender, alarm clock, a fantastic note pad, calculator, and music).  It allows for an easy access to these functions, and i also use the screen to dial numbers and do basic functions if i can only use one hand.  I use the front touchscreen to read texts, then open the phone, and a reply box automatically opens so I can easily respond with the full keyboard.I typically open the phone up if i want to text someone, and all you have to do is start typing their name, your contact book goes to them, and you press a dedicated text button and get going easily!!!I love the phone, its 2011 and I plan on buying another one because I dont need to spend money on the distractions that data plans have to offer for 30 dollars a month.Hopefully you can see past the minor technical issues and unresponsive touchscreen and see the positives for the phone

Nice  phone. Looks good.  Hope it works as good as it looks (condition). Bought it for my daughter and no complaints yet.

The phone is a bit heavy and if you are a smartphone user it will feel clunky and slow. However, If you need a great texting & email phone this one is perfect. Does not require a data plan either. Takes good pictures too!

its been less then six months since I bought it and my phone spazes out at times and I can not use the touch screen

This Phone is junk.The screen freezes up, text some times get stuck and go into draft. It shuts off on its own on a full charge.I will never get a LG phone again!

The phone I bought is doing the same thing the old one I had so I have to wonder if it realy was new as advertised.

I bought this for my 17 year old daughter. I will not pay for a smart phone or data for her so this seemed like a good phone for texting and talking. She sends about 3500 texts a month. She has had no issues with the phone at all and texts with ease.

I didn't think about buying a phone on here a friend sugested it.the whole process is great except I didn't think about an old phone is going to have an old battery..and now I get messages evry day from Amazon the phone I bought is great and it got here even though I messed up the address.

I love this phone. Best non-smart phone out there which is all I need. Good camera and great keyboard for texting.

I needed a reliable phone for my son, so it needs to be durable and easy to use. This phone was shipped quickly and arrived to my doorstep as decscibed. It's working great, battery life is great. Loving this phone.

i choose this because it keeps shutting off on me. and the screens always change colors and the inside screen isnt showing anything. it is just completely black but the keys light up

Takes horrible pictures.  Touch pad sucks. I just got the same phone because I did not want to learn a new phone at the time, what a mistake.

The product arrived on time and in good condition, it's obviously not brand new, but we knew that.it has done it's job, but the touch aspect does take a long time to switch from screen to screen when something is chosen.

I love many of the features.  It has everything I wanted in a phone, but the touch screen does not work well.  I usually end up flipping open the phone to use it. The camera is pretty good, the screen size is great, the keyboard works well.  I don't go online so that's not a problem.  Also the charger that came with the phone didn't work.  Luckily I had one that I could use.

I have had this phone for 2 years with virtually not a problem until lately. It will reset to defaults or power off when in the case or in my pocket from time to time. I guess it is getting time for a replacement or upgrade. I love the display and the flip up hinged qwerty keyboard. The touch screen can actually be calibrated (unlike my Droid) and has just the right amount of touch to make it work well for me. I play my mp3 music files and it sounds great. The internet connection speed is slow (not 3G) and it does not have wi-fi. I also have the first Motorola Droid and I prefer using the LG over the Droid. It just handles better for my daily operations. If I could have the Droid's 3G (or 4LTE) and wi-fi capabilities on the LG I would be much happier! Overall not a bad phone for the money.

Not much more to say about it.....I love it.  Glad I didn't have to upgrade to another phone.

its a good phone not the best but this is the second one ive purchased.  the touch screen get off after a while but the phone still works good.

I bought this for my teenage son. He likes it alot. He mainly uses it for calls and texting.

not at all what i thought it would be  cant see outside  ringing not good touch screen  stinkes i made a mistake no more

Showed up new in box, no issues, no problem activating at Verizon store, no grief about the lack of a data plan for the phone - we have a family plan where both adults have data, and the kids do not.

excellent for texting! like that the front is touch! very wide screen and neat layout! has excellent speaker and clear.

the charge does not last more than 12 hours, I have to charge it every day. Is there anything I can do to make the charge last longer

We have calibrated the touch screen several times & it still will not work properly.  Was unable to get an exchange or refund.

bought 2, one the touch screen did not work, other one has its own quirks.  But at least I did not get roped into 2 years more contract with verizon and some data plan that I don't want.

When I received my phone, it didn't work. The only way people can hear me is by using a bluetooth. Other than that, the phone is in good condition but  what's the pointof a phone you can't talk on?

I received the phone a day before expected, so shipping was excellent.  The phone is clean and works fine.  The only problem was the battery that came with the phone would die after 20 minutes, even after a full charge.  I called the customer service and, while they couldn't provide me a replacement battery, she directed me to another seller of batteries (she even provided me the item number)on Amazon and refunded me the cost of ordering a replacement battery. I thought this was a good solution, and because of that, I would recommend this seller.The phone itself is a great value and a perfect first phone for a kid.

The phone works, it is in good condition, and my kid is happy.  For the price, what more could I ask for?  Thank you.

this phone is the easieast phone i have ever used.  i love it so much i now have two. highly recommended. thank you amazon.

Got this for my daughter and she really likes it. I like it too. I have thought about getting one for myself.  The keyboard is handy and easy to use.  The touch screen works good too and when the phone is on vibrate you know it. The vibrates match the ring tone you choose.

What a horrible phone, waste of money and now I have to wait 2 weeks to get a refund? I bought the phone and it arrived super fast, but it didn't work. there was a message saying "Please use genuine battery" and never worked nor turned on. Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!

this phone meets all my expactations would and will recoomend ths cell to any one I would if I needed to purchase another one

ive had my phone for probably close to a year and a half and at this point id truely enjoy smashing it ,  except  that its my only means of communication. interestingly i loved it at first, until it begain to randomly shut of  an d restart, mostly whil  i was online. now itll restart while im doing anything at all on it. i cant even us  the net unless im plugged into the charger the whole time. tee touch screen has gone a bit sketchy  , not always recognising my touch. on th  subject of touch screens it ss very sensitive to what ever touches it add ive made far toomany pocket calls.  its is very  slow on  tee net and occasionally doesnt send a text. needless to say this phone completely sucks! oh and all the typos in this are curousy of my crap phones touchsscreen not registering tee right button! for th  love of god dont by it!

I had one before but switched to smart phone now I am back to basic and this phone is great

I received my new LG cell phone earlier than promised and it's perfect.  It's very similar to my old one thatgot wet so I am very happy.  Did not want a "smart phone" or pay for a monthly data plan so this is perfectfor me.  The battery DID keep falling out, but I got a cover for the phone and that ended that problem.

This was bought as a replacement unit.  It it a quality product.  It is working fine and my son continues to enjoy this unit.

I love it and I would recomend this phone to anyone that doesn't want to go for the smart phone. It is the next bes thing

I got this phone from a friend, already heavily used.  I've since had it for about seven months.  This phone has had its fair number of hours.  The original owner used the 3G capabilities of the phone to such an extent that she moved on to a Droid.  I, on the other hand, came to the phone from a flip-phone with a broken screen.  I didn't even have texting at the time, so I wasn't too concerned about the features of the phone, so long as it could show me who on earth was calling and who I was dialing out to.  I found a lot of the same problems everyone else complained about: the battery wriggles in the case, causing the phone to turn off and on.  When I tried using it as an MP3 player, it froze all the time (the previous owner reported no such issues, when asked0.  I pocket-dialed people while at work (and I go in to work at six A.M. sometimes).  It came with a couple of game demos, but the games were hard to play.  I can't get the back-up assistant to work to this day, nor do the updated Bluetooth drivers work.Then, the next month, my family upgraded their phones and got texting.  We soon were comparing phones, one LG flip-phone, two Cosmo IIs, and my Env3.  The clamshell flip-phone, was, well, a basic phone.  Not much comparison there.  But the Cosmo II is a slider.  My screen was significantly larger, the keyboard bigger and easier to use, the camera much higher resolution, and the tools better laid-out.Now, I'm up for a phone upgrade, and I don't want it.  Maybe the phone does have problems, but I use the camera, alarm clock, and calendar all the time.  The tip calculator is a favorite widget.  I love the feel of the keyboard, and the option of a touchscreen keyboard when I want to text in absolute silence.  And the biggest deal of all is that I can't get a comparable phone for free without a data plan.  Even with one, it's hard to get a comparable phone.  How many friends have a spare kicking around, right?

Received it fast!! worked with my verizion service.....Just what my boy wanted, touch screen, since I wont let him have a smart phone.

I was very happy with this product. It arrived in a timely matter and was in very good condiction. Better then what I was expecting. I would buy from this company again.

I really like this &#34;basic&#34; phone. It's fancy enough that I don't feel the need to get a smart phone. I've had three of these phones over 5 years. Previous ones have broken (water damage) or I've lost them.

well i got a a phone like this and it wont turn on it wont stay on for like hr it will just shut off will this phone work? like turn on have no troubles???? will it good for a while?? can people anwser these and u have to send me a video on the phone before i buy it or what ever so i can see if it works  or not

I really do like this phone, the only problem is that a simple drop (honestly, like not hard at all) sometimes turns it off but that may be because it is used. Overall, I dig this cell. lots.

This phone was pretty awesome the first year and a half I had it.  The graphics are great and I loved the touch screen up until about 6 months ago.  When the screen started going berserk, it would unlock its self and press numbers and keys at random.  It is a bad butt dialer too.  This was the first touch screen I ever had but even when I first got it I knew the touch screen was of poor quality.  It is not very easy to text on the front screen.  Also, this phone drops calls like crazy.  It has poor reception and takes forever-and a lot of battery- to send or receive a picture message.  It shuts off randomly-even during a phone call, and is always dying on me.I've had this phone for a full two years on Christmas day and I cannot wait to get my upgrade (HTC Rhyme).Like I said, the phone was great the first year but after that, everything went down the tubes.  This might be a good phone for an older person who doesn't want a smart phone, or maybe a starter for the first time but not for someone who uses the phone all the time.  I liked it, but it's time to move on.

I purchased this phone just a week ago from Keerkeers wireless and really like it. However I have one issue with it, or I should say the seller. This phone was advertised and sold as a new phone. It is not a new phone. The lifetime call timer (which can not be reset) showed that there was over 117 hours of usage on the phone. The data timer also showed a lot of use. How can that be if it is a new phone? I find this to be false advertising and wrong. Again I like the phone and it is in good condition, but I paid for a new phone and the phone I received is NOT a new phone. I am also upset with Amazon for allowing this to take place with companies they work with. I can't believe they don't know this takes place, or am I the only one this happened to?

I purchased my phone from applewireless after reading positive reviews from previous customers. I've had nothing but problems with the phone, phone battery and  phone chargers I received. I am now on my second phone because the 1st phone I received from them lasted only 3 weeks.  Not only did I lose all my contacts but it was inconvenient being without a phone until it was replaced by applewireless. I have not receive a compatible charger with either phone. Even though the ad states the phones are new, after my bad experience with the products I've received I'm thinking they are refurbished and sold as new. The LG env touch vx11000 phones have been discontinued by verizon for sometime so not sure where they are getting these phones. This was one of the last phones verizon sold that has some of the capabilities of an iPhone but doesn't require a data plan. I had one quite a while ago and it served its purpose. I rated my experience 2 stars because applewireless was willing to work with me to correct the issues with the phone and phone charger. They responded to my emails quickly and returned my calls so I never felt they weren't willing fix the problem. The company reps were courteous and responded in a timely manner.

The touch screen doesnt work right some of the time. Sometimes you have to keep tapping the screen to make it work and even then I end up using the keyboard  to make it work.

I do like the bigger keyboard on this phone but am having problems with texting service. Sometimes takes a couple of tries to get something sent. For an &#34;ungraded&#34; phone from previous phone, I expected something as good or better than what I had before.

Product works as expected. The phone looked new and well packaged. Would buy again. The phone was purchased for my daughter and she is really enjoying it.

I had to return this phone but it had nothing to do with the phone but with the fact it requires a data plan which is ridiculous. Phone would have been very nice otherwise.

I did forget about &#34;butt&#34; dialing.  And for some reason, my Bluetooth hands free voice command does not work well. Can't decide whose fault that is. Love the keyboard.

its a good phone except that the touchscreen isnt sensitive enough and sometimes when i answer calls from the touch screen it drops the call instead of answering it.

i love this phone i ordered two of them just to have a back up its durable and very awesome

We received this phone and 65 days later, it stopped working.  A lot of money to use for only 2 months.

It was in great shape and was as described.It came quickly.I was a little nervous about ordering a used phone but it has been great.

This is my FAVORITE CELL phone.  Have had it for years..purchasing new ones whenever mine is lost, damaged (by me) or stolen.  In my opinion, the best of the non-smart phones without data.

did not work as it was supposed to had problems right from the get go I went to my local Verizon store and they could not get it to work eithers

its okay was used but its what my wife wanted so i baught it  but would not buy again sry

the touch screen jumps and doesn't understand what you want to do. the battery life is horribly short. one 20 minute call and it's dead.Would NOT recommend it to anyone!

Two days after I got my LG Envy Touch it started messing up. When I ordered the phone Amazon said it was new but it obviously wasn't. Everytime I plugged it up to charge it would have different colored lines across the external screen and the internal screen. After about a week, the lines would pop up everytime I got a text message,phone call, and if I tried to text or call. I could have sent it back and got my money back but I'm a procrastinator and didn't decide to send it until it was too late. I would not recommend buying a cell phone from Amazon.

Phone was locked and had water damage on the screen. I ended up having to buy  a completely different phone.

Good basic cell phone.  Full function keyboard good for thick fingers.  A little bulky as is common for flip phones.  Front cover touch screen or internal keystroke entry. Durable.  Handed down to my son after I changed carriers and could no longer use it.

I had this model a couple years ago. I 'upgraded' to a newer LG phone and hated it immediately. When the touch screen on the new phone gave out, I chose to buy this one again. I am very glad I did. If you are not going after a smart phone but want some of those features, this is the phone for you.Just a bit of advice, use a pouch style case not the clip on. This phone will flip open on your belt if you are not careful. The pouch solves that completely.

but then it stopped charging after the second or third day. Any charger I tried wouldn't work. And right off the touch was off. I reset the calibration multiple times, and it did nothing.

If you are looking for a good keyboard for texting, and a solid but unpretentious phone, this is the one.

THE PHONE WAS GOOD FOR 9 MONTHS.  THE BATTERY BECAME TRICKY AT CHARGING FOR THE PAST SEVERAL MONTHS & NOW IT COMPLETELY DIED.

Phone is in good working order and it also shipped fast they where also easy to get a hold of

At first I thought that this was going to be a great phone, but after a while, things start screwing up and I realized it wasn't. My calls get dropped all the time, the screen can goof up in a whole range of ways; sometimes the screen goes white and stays white until you restart it by removing the battery, it'll go black but everything else will be lighted up, the colors on either screen will occasionally flare up into a mess of colors, etc.. It also freezes and lags constantly.When you first get it, it's fine. It works great, besides for the small lags here and there and the occasional dropped call. But after a week was when it started getting worse for me. I've had this phone ever since mid-December, and I really, really don't like it and am truly unsatisfied.I can understand where the other, more positive reviewers are coming from. At first-of course-it makes for a cool feature phone, although if you're not paying the data plan, about half of the apps are unusable. I thought the small apps, like the calendar or the notepad, were cool at first but then they kept loosing my info.>>Now, don't take this review to the bone, as my phone WAS used. It was in okay condition, it just had scratches and was really dirty. I would normally think something probably happened to it, but a lot of other reviews on here report the same stuff occurring, even on their brand new phones.So, I strongly advise to keep looking, and to try and find something better before you resort to this. This really wouldn't be worth your money, even if some of you thought it was cheap.

It turned out really good, with out any scratches on it. It was in perfectly good condition and looked like it was brand new! It had nothing wrong with it and worked great!

The phone has been great it is just like the seller stated.  The only problem I have had with it is that it does not seem to respond to my touching the screen it sometime does not respond the right way when it is touch, but that could be due to the sensitive of the screen.  would definitively order from them again and it does not require the data package you just have to call to active the phone cause the internet will not let you active with out it.

No contract, no data plan! Yes! I just wanted a phone to text message with. I love the qwerty board! And there is a flash on the camera! I love this phone much more than my old one. However, the phone tends to restart, and pocket dial. Sometimes it drops calls.a

I recently purchased an LG enV Touch VX11000 No Contract 3G QWERTY MP3 Camera Cell Phone, by Verizon, for my son. From the day it arrived, in perfect condition, it has been his favorite phone yet. Easy to use, excellent screen clarity, convenient size, and high-tech capabilities are the reasons. We highly recommend this product, and we applaud the seller's speed of shipping.

received phone within time had it for about a week now the touch pad works when it wants to cant really hear unless you have it on speaker if i didnt need a phone i would have sent it back

i love the phone and it works perfectly.  it may be a little worn but it still is what i wanted.

I agree with Lisa on her review. This phone down right sucks! I got this phone new in April and have had it replaced 3 times since then. And will be making another trip to Verizon tomorrow. Everytime they give me another phone(the enV) it just does the same thing as the last one. And the calibration is useless; you try to touch the 9 and it gives you a 6. You try to type an "s" and it gives you an "I". Everything about this phone is frustrating and useless. I have never in my life had such an awful phone. Kudos to Lisa for her honesty and truthfulness about this piece of crap called a phone.

This phone has an inteermitant , and sometimes nonresponding front touch screen, I tried recalibrating it 5 times and it would not work any better, I am considering returning it to the seller for one that works well. My previously owned unit worked fine for 4 years.

This phone can last a long time. I dropped it a few times, and it works well. This is the best basic phone I have owned.

I was very dissapointed in this phone. I bought a used phone that was supposed to be in very good condition. It was not. When I got it the battery was no good and I had to purchase another. Some of the buttons are worn so bad that you can't read them and when you open the phone to use the qwerty the screen cannot be seen unless the phone is only half open. I will never buy from this seller again.

Came as described in the details. Its a great phone, my son loves it and uses it to keep in contact with our family.

THIS PHONE IS A PIECE OF JUNK. IT WAS REFURBISHED BUT CAME LIKE IT HAD NEVER SEEN ANY REPAIR WORK. WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN. THEIR DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCT IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED.

got this phone to replace one exactly like it that had been stolen. doesn't work as well as my old one does. got it almost a year ago and it came with a weird iridescent sticker mark on the screen that still hasn't gone away. turns off constantly and just doesn't operate as well as my old one did. that being said, it has gotten the job done (kind of) for almost a year and still works (between automatically turning off) so its at least semi functional.

This was a great phone but would not work on my basic plan so I had to return it.  It is considered a smart phone by Verizon. The return process was quick and easy so I gave a great rating.

I had this phone from Verizon without a contract, I bought the phone refurbished which, let me tell you, was a huge mistake. The touch screen was one of my favorite parts about it, if you're a girl, and you get your nails done, you understand. This touch screen, all you have to do is slide the corner of your nail over the screen and it responds. Normal heat activated touch screens are a pain in the buttocks for people with long nails. The touch screen has some problems though, since it responds to pressure instead of heat, it will unlock itself in pockets, purses, bags and otherwise and call/text random people.The fact that I had this phone without a contract means that I got it specifically for texting, and I only had to pay a fraction of the contract price, but prepaid, this phone has some data charges I wasn't expecting. Apparently because the phone has a touch screen, Verizon decided to lable it as a smartphone (which it most certainly is not) and put a minimun data charge onto your bill every month. So instead of paying for the unlimited texting and the calling, which would have only been 50 dollars, I had to add on a data plan, and my bill ended up going up to 75. Now that may not seem like much, but I'm a waitress at a pizzaria, I don't have that much money. Actually, it was that price that made me give up the phone all together and go with another service provider.This phone doesn't have very bad battery problems, as people have been saying. It only does if you leave it on camera in your pocket, or go online a lot (which is a pain in the butt on this phone.) When I had it, I could listen to music all day, and by the end of the day, I would still have a bar of battery left. If you leave this phone sitting, it can stay powered on for up to four or five days. The only battery trouble I had, was these batteries wear out quickly, the battery deos not have a separate backplate, the battery IS the backplate, so if the phone gets dropped, or if it is loose in a bag for long periods of time, it will become loose, and randomly shut itself off. The best fix for that... buy a new battery. they're only about $2 on amazon, and they will fix your problem for a little while.The aqccesories that you can get for this phone aren't great, the cases are cheap and break if the phone is dropped, and because of the design of the phone, they snap off and don't do their job very well. what I found works well are the gel cases, they hug the phone and protect it the way they're supposed to, the only problem is, sometimes the keys don't match up on the keyboard. What I did was, I got a clear case, It makes it easier to see through to where the keys actually are.The keyboard is amazing, its easy to type on, easy to understand, and it was the entire reason I got the phone. When I first decided to get this phone, I was switching from my EnV3, which had software problems and just shut off and never turned back on... I realized that the thing I was going to miss most was the keyboard. The keys are big enough that they are easy to press, and they respond nicely so you don't have to push super hard to get them to work. When the phone is new, sometimes they're stiff, but that's normal and fixes itself with use.All in all, if I wasn't leaning towards a smartphone, I would definately buy this phone again.

I odered this for my 16 yr. old son who is contantly texting.  I was very plesed with the phone when we received it. I would definitely use them again.

Great screens in & out, fantastic keyboard, exceptionally loud speakers for setting down to use speaker-phone, nice touch features for external screen. Highly recommend for non-smart phone users and also great for those who prefer keyboards. Easy to use features and camera works really good. Display theme choices limited but colors are nice, & icons look like stamps, but with everything else you would want this phone for, the theme style is moot. I have plenty of access to a laptop all day, so I love the LG enV Touch VX11000 for being a great phone with great texting tools and a spiffy camera to boot without exorbitant smartphone fees (for services I don't need)!  :)

This item was purchased on December 17, 2012 for my granddaughter for xmas and she loved it and took very good care of it.  She notified my around March 10,2013 that when flipped up she could not txt no connection, but could receive calls and make calls.  So, due to my health (Im a disabled senior) I didn't get around to submitting a compaint to the company this item was senyt from (CellTronic) on Matrch 18,2013 Upon numerous attempts they denied me replacement of phone because I had to sumitt by March 17,2013 (3 months warranty).  I was denied because of 1 day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! By the day March 18th that I submitted the complaint the phone stopped working entirely.  I understand Amazon can do nothing but I am still very disappointed with all. As you can see I am active with you on many levels.  I am on fixed income and because my granddaughter needed a different phone I had no choice but to find her a different one (I'm helping her parents out) I still feel this phone should be replaced, it did stop working before 3 Months. I could still use the replacement for her sister.

Very pleased so far with this replacement (I accidentally/physically destroyed my original phone).  After about a month, I have had time to see if any quirks showed up - they haven't. I was concerned about the status of the unit as to whether it was actually going to be a new phone or not.  It seemed to be brand new and behaves just like the identical one it replaced - no scratches whatsoever.  For those of us not ready to have a smart phone, I have found the EnVtouch an outstanding solution.  So, I am very happy that my order was as advertised - brand new!  Arrived intact and on time.

The phone was okay while it was working but after only two months it overheated while charging and now the inside screen doesn't work at all and the outside screen is starting to fail.  I guess you could say this phone is too hot for me!I say keep looking.  This phone was a disappointment.

this phone had poor reception, dropped calls, couldn't load web pages. Its a last resort type of phone. i returned for a refund,

Had to go out and buy a charger that worked with phone.  Phone died very fast. shes a gonner already!

Everything was ok .. but the battery..no matter for how long you charge it if you do one phone call ... just one phone call and it drains the battery completely. ..

I had an lg touch, the first one I gave my cat a bath and it was in my pocket, big mistake. It still worked but would no longer connect or take a picture. 2nd lg touch I had to give up to niece who had hers stolen. This was so nice to just order another one cuz I was used to all the settings and so forth. It even seems a little more updated than  my 2 year old model.

It was good.... but there where some minor problems. like the battery life doesn't last long. Once in a wile the screen would go all white and freeze ... but that's about it. But the phone itself is nice if I would have bought a brand new one insted of a used I wouldn't have all  the problems but there minor.

Phones are important to her and she knows her stuff. She chose this one for the quality of the keyboard and the features that matter to her, and was willing to accept the more frequent charging required by the supplied battery. But, like other knowledgeable users, she's planning to replace the mediocre battery with a more capable, compatible substitute from among the many reliable ones that are widely available online.

got this phone at a great buy,fast shiping and easy buy.just what i wanted.would buy this phone again it is my forth one anyway.THANKS

It's what I ordered, I didn't read up on this phone very much and thought it was a smart phone "IT'S NOT" very smart, good price for a simple phone.

My niece loves this phone and has had no complaints  the touch screen works nice..she likes to type on the horizontal..

I purchased this phone from Amazon to replace my old Lg EnV 3 and i am very impressed. It's keyboard has a great layout and both screens are plenty big for easy use. The accelerometer for texting on the touch screen works well and its just sensitive enough to get a quick text in. I've noticed the phone is very glitchy on both the inside and outside screen making it frustrating to have stop what you're doing and open the battery to restart the phone. The camera is good for a basic phone and the touchscreen is descent enough but no where compares to an android or iPhone. I would recommend this phone but you should research other phones before making your decision. This is pretty much a replacement phone to get me by until i upgrade to a smartphone in a few months.

I ordered it and right after the return date passed it started messing up, the screen starts turning different colors and the all of a sudden go blank. I am VERY UNSATISFIED withe this product and service, because now i have a over a non returnable messed up phone that i payed 80 + dollars for !

If you're looking for a nice touch screen phone with loads of great features but don't want a smart phone with an expensive data plan, this is the phone for you. Built very well, easy to use, a dream to own.

the phone is nice it works for all the reason I need it for it a phone u need to get use to

Bought this phone for my finace and he loves the phone i liked it enough that i bought myself one but after 3 days of the phone we are seeing that the battery does not keep charge. We are having to charge the phone 2 to 3 times a day and he doenst use his phone much. Me on the other hand use mine all the time. So we decided to buy the OEM LG enV touch extended battery. After reading the reviews on the env touch we see we are going to need a better battery so i hope this fixes the charge problem. will keep u updated

the sucks bad everything is messed up about the phone the touch does messed up things and its shuts off by itsself what phone you really want the waste money on a bad phone seriously buy a iphone the best phone out there seriously

only had phone for4 months battery will not hold charge correctly says fill 4 bars one short text or call an down to 1 bar

The env touch we received started out with the touch screen not working after some technical assistance got over that hurdle, the battery never would hold a charge, so we sent it back. The customer service from the seller was great and rsponsive it was just the phone was upto par.

Not a day goes by when this poorly-designed, borderline-retarded phone doesn't call someone from my pocket, shut off in my pocket, reprogram itself incorrectly from my pocket, or simply make my pocket uncomfortable due to its ridiculously bulky size. Seriously, why have a "slide to unlock" feature on your touch screen when you're just going to put an unlock button on the side...which can't be deactivated! I haven't worried this much about what's going on in my pants since I was 13! Takes terrible picture, horrible video, and the touch screen has the sensitivity of Simon Cowell. Nothing about this phone is good. Seriously. No dialing with speaker phone. The email program frequently doesn't work and is a pain in the ass to use anyway. Just about anything non-feather based causes the screen to scratch. It doesn't cable synch with macs! These are only the major flaws, I could go on but it seems petty. With so many better phones on the market, there's no reason to buy this over-hyped piece of junk. The only good thing about this phone is that one day my contract with be up and I can gleefully smash it with a brick. A non-LG brick.

I am having no problems with this phone.I think to many are probably comparing it to phoneslike the Droid 3 or 4. Remember this is a basic phoneand for what it is, it is great. I myself have had noproblems with the touch screen, sometime it may be alittle to sensitive, but mostly OK.

My Samsung Zeal stopped working on me after several years of use. I got this thing instead of another Zeal thinking it would be a little more current. It's not. I should have bought another Zeal or anything else really. Reception is really bad. The samsung format is a little easier to use in my opinion. It's kinda bulky too. this phone is a stinker!

Got this for my daughter based on another review stating it didn't have to have data, but you have to pay for a plan that does have data even if you don't use it. Also the 'touch' screen is more of a scrap your finger nail on it to engage.  Battery and talk time is not generous. We are getting rid of this and getting a new one. I do not recommend this item.

Verizon DOES NOT use Sim Cards. I bought this phone trying to activate it on Straight Talk. While Straight Talk will activate the phone, your data (internet) WILL NOT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!Don't buy ANY Verizon phone unless you plan to use it with Verizon service.Do yourself a favor and buy one that uses SIM cards!!!!!!!!!!!

Nice to be able to get an unlocked alternative wihtout having to settle for what Verizon offers.  No contract extensions necessary to save on a phone.  Features are decent although the phone does have a few quirks like randomly losing her (bought for wife as a gift) stored pictures for a day or two.  Then they mysteriously return.

But the touch screen can be a little to brittle if dropped. I like the camera and mp3  player is great

Got this phone and activated it! So Far so good! I've noticed that it has changed colors on the homescreen which is odd but no technical dificulties. So Thanks! If I have problems I WILL let you know lol highly suggest this phone to anyone who wants something a little better than a regular phone

just as I expected- already had 1 just was replacing it- easy style of phone to use - Verizon activated it with no problems

Rather than paying insurance for a new phone, I purchased this from amazon seller, had to replace once but was awesome about it. Phone works perfect, son at 17 is happy, and I would use this company again

So far I've had no trouble with it.The system works similarly to my older LG and that helps. easy to view. Looks more current and I don't have to have expensive monthly Smartphone bills.

This is a sharp looking phone. However, the charger did not work and one of the buttons was sticking.  It was easy to return.

So far I love this phone! I previously had the LG enV 2 and wanted to update to a better phone on Verizon without having to get a smartphone with a data plan, but Verizon's website only had 2 qwerty basic phones to choose from.  So this phone looked like a much better option!At first I was worried because the Verizon website would not let me activate it without a mandatory data plan of an additional $10 a month, but after calling and talking to an actual Verizon rep, they said it should not need a data plan since it is definitely not a smart phone.  So the rep was able to bypass that little problem for me quite easily.  Problem solved!Also, the phone arrived pretty fast, about 4 days, and the condition is great and the battery seems to be holding a full charge perfectly!

I had no problem except that the battery it came with could not hold a charge so i sanded down my env3 battery and they fit and worked (to my surprise). I orded a 3 dollar battery from one of the amazon retailers and it came in like a week. (the phone itself took about a week and a half). Absoltuely no problem with the data package. I was researching and some people were saying it requires a data plan, but it does not. As far as the phoine goes, great keyboad and the camera is only like 3.2 megapixels but it focuses and takes the shaprest pictures, I swear. The only complains I have are that the front touch screen is ehh. Ehoever uses this phone will end up using the inside a lot more but the large outer screen makes it clearer to see the time and your background and who texed/ is calling you which is nice. The other complaint is that I much prefer the Env3's menu setup. This phone only lets you pick 2 different phone setups and theyre not the best. In all, very impressed for 40 dollars.

I would recommend this phone to anyone it is more than I expected.  Sleek...does videos..superb pictures from the camera...easy to use.  Wonderful

I bought it as a gift, the phone arrived to late to give. I don't know whose fault is was, the shipper or UPS, but it arrived way to late.15 days after I ordered it. The packing was very flimsy { just a little bubble wrap}, no instructions. I charged the phone and turned it on, it seemed to be o.k. The phone had no signs of wear.

I like this phone, no extras or data phone but it is good for texting, and has a good battery life.

don't like ring tone choices,  calendar and alarm more complicated then need be.  would prefer each calendar to pop up at stated time and then have easy choice to save, change date/time or delete it if completed.

I have had this phone for 6 years without a single problem,easy to use, solid (not like newer ones that are flimsy andcheap) and just ordered the same one again as our newpuppy got a tooth mark on it (thought it his toy), would neverwant to give up this phone, Husband and son had theLB enV 3 and they were junk, hard to use and frustrating,they are going to go with this one.  Got Samsung Galaxy 4and took it back as this phone does it all and big easy usethough in small package.  Verizon doesn't tell you but nowthey have a $35.00 500 min, unlimited text plus 100MG datafor one year plan (but no verizon to verizon, night/weekend;or they have $40.00 plan same as above with verizon to verizon.Just signed up for them and cheap or cheaper then prepay.Got through Verizon store and son got his from verizon overphone (not advertised).  Love this phone!

I will never order another phone from amazon, the phone quit working after 30 days.I lost out on 100.00 dollars. and you only have 14 days to return it.

first off, I couldnt agree more with the other reviewers who loathed and despised this phone! haha kudos to you guys! they totally described perfectly word for word this god forsaken piece of junk. as for the person who gave it 5 stars, they were clearly drunk at the time and Im sure by now they have changed their mind! I would rather use 2 dixie cups on a string then use this phone for 1 more day after my early upgrade, which I am counting the days until then so I can finally get my DROID. before this phone I swore by LG, and thanks to this turd with number keys, I will never ever by another LG product again. this phone was trouble since day 1, when I would get an international text msg which cost me money from an address that doesnt exist and cost me .25 every msg, all because of some how, some way, my email???? ok...? then came the infamous everytime i went to see what time it was on my phone it would be off deal. did you get my msg? nope phone was off. did you miss my call or was your phone off? yup phone was off. and the bending over and calling someone 8 times in a row, or just plain shutting off. I would seriously be driving at night and I can see my pocket glowing white because my pants touched the "locked" touchscreen, or perhaps my chapstick in my pocket was too close to the phone's personal space so it felt it had to unlock by itself. the touchscreen is useless. forget even trying. unless you have fingers the size of a 3 yr old. texting while driving, ok I know its illegal but yes we all still do it, well yeah not happening with this baby. email... dont bother because your contact list wont show up, and you cant reply anyway. then came the replacement phones. this beauty decided to power itself on and off non stop so it was un-useable. so all verizon would do is give me a used one. well a day later that one did the same thing. now Im on garbage phone #3 and its already starting to mess up. white screen when you get a text. horrible reception. horrible battery life. shuts off. no screen at all, but the number keys are lit up so you know the phone is on but maybe not really there?? well to make a long story short, stay away from this junk. stay far away. thank the lord verizon discontinued them. there is a reason for that, well many reasons. theres way too many to list and Ive already put to much effort in to hating this sledgehammer worthy piece of turd. all I can hope for is a cool 50 cents on a trade in or its getting a ride on the end of my aluminum bat. home run verizon.  p.s. I also would have gave zero stars. actually... make that negative 5 stars. to all out there with an env touch- you have my pity

This phone which i ordered on April has been working for me very well but their were times when the battery life SUCKED but thankfully that has stopped i think it may be due to the amount of time your supposed to charge it

Ordered this phone for my mom.  Her old one was having problems.  I am very satisfied with the quality of the item and efficient shipping.  Great job!

Touch screen did not work. We attempted to calibrate it several times with no luck. The phone itself look like it was in good shape. very frustrating to wait a couple of weeks for something to have it not work.

We ordered this phone not realizing it was a touch phone. The phone was for me, but I just couldn't get the thing to respond to my touch. I got it all ready to send back, including getting return authorization from the seller, but my spouse adopted it, and the two became inseparable. She seems to be able to operate the touch screen, and I'm baffled.Anyway, this is a great phone (for anyone but me), and the seller was more than willing to take it back when I thought it was unusable. As always, I get real quality from used merchandise here at Amazon. I'd write more about the wonders of the phone, but it's just not mine anymore, and I just don't get it.The next touch screen (for me ) I get will have a different touch screen, a capacitive rather than a resistive (hope I got those right)

All I needed was something to text and make phone calls on and to that end it does as expected.  Voice dial works better than my last &#34;dumb&#34; phone.  The physical keyboard is a big plus as I hate virtual keyboards with no &#34;feel&#34;.  Battery life is very good at about 4-5 days.Sorry, if you have to surf and e-mail, you're really out of luck here.Does exactly what I needed and at a great price.

I purchased this phone in October as a birthday gift for my daughter.  I understand it was inexpensive but I would still expect it to last for more than 6 weeks.  It will not charge most of the time and when it does the battery life is only about 2 hours.  Terrible disappointment for a 13 year old.  Save your money, even at only $80 it's a total waste.

I love my envy touch!!! I have had it for 4year and am looking on amazon for a new one I!!!  I got a diffrent phone and a new contract and hated the phone so now have to by a phone on my own and want an envy touch!LG enV Touch VX11000 No Contract 3G QWERTY MP3 Camera Cell Phone Verizonh!

I am SOO DISAPPOINTED W/this phone.... It keeps radomly shutting off out of nowhere.... The charger that came w/it didnt rven work, and thr battery life IS HORRIBLE!!! I mean horrible.... I put my sd chip in it so i can listen to my music at least and i cant even do that bcuz this phone wont e even let me access my music or anything... But if i put my card n any other phone its fine.... ALL MUSIC IS THERE.... So wtf? I am extremely un satisfied with this product and the person/company i tecieved it from.... Bad business.....

Got this phone so I would not have a contract...or data expense..one tech told me I had to get a data pkg 10$ a month..called back and got a different tech and no I did not need one..they put it on and reversed it back out...phone is sturdy..great value..happy with it

i had this phone for like 8 months when another phone wasn't working right. this was a great phone. the camera is great, the touch screen is very nice,the sound was good and i love the menu set up's.i did not like the flip it realy bugged me,the weight is not bad ,but it was to heavy for my likeing. over all this is a great phone it has its flaws ,but its a good phone.

Imagine my surprise when I tried to activate the phone I bought from this seller. It was reported stolen and Verizon will not activate it. Thank you for ripping me off.

Phone was listed as good shape. When it arrived it had several scratches on it. Should have been rated with scratches. Also battery was bad. Lasted one day. I was sent another one and it lasted 30 minutes. Company told me they would send me another one or a new phone. By this time I told them to forget it I would just keep it. It would have been about 2-3 weeks settling the matter. Service was good. Arrived on time. Two stars are for the phone, not the service. Phones should be better checked before sent out. I will buy my own battery new. Can't do business with this company in the future.

This product sent from cell phones for u is defaulty and I don't recommend it at least from that company. They don't have overnight and you would have to wait awhile to send it back and to recieve one.

Received cell phone on time and it appeared normal, a little more worn than I thought, but the touch screen quit working two days after I turned it on.  I just wasted my money.

Over all the phone works great and looks new overall great product and it didn't take along to get at all.

I concur with many of the other reviews as I have had the same problems with this phone: constantly freezes, screen goes white or fuzzy, constantly shuts off and restarts, deletes my "favorites" saved on the browser, and constantly calls people in my contacts list.Once I picked up my phone and to my surprise on the external screen it was at the "favorites screen" auto-rearranging the order of my contacts...it did that for another 3 minutes while I just stood there and watched it decide what it was doing. No buttons were touched..sounds unbelievable, I know.The phone lock feature is horrible. When you go into the menus to officially lock the phone with a security code, most of the time it will not let me lock my phone. It gives some stupid error "data call dormant, end call to lock the phone". I have to power down the phone and power on to get the lock feature to work.When I plug the phone into charge, 90% of the time I get an error message saying "this cord is not recommended for use with this phone", even though I am using the cord and outlet adapter that it came with!" Also, I can never get a full charge on this phone. It will say charge complete, but then be nearly dead within 2 hours time...and I don't use a lot of minutes on my phone.Worst phone ever! Also, before this I had the LG Chocolate phone..also problematic. I am done purchasing any more LG cell phones.

This item was a very good purchase and has proven to be well worth the small sum that was paid for it. The seller was also very prompt to ship item with in 24 hours as promised

The it the item arrived quickly, it was defective and wouldn't work. when I tried to charge it, it said battery required, even though they was already a battery in it.

just what I needed - tough, great first smart(sort of) phone for someone who isnt good with tech stuff.would love another one

I have had TWO of these die. Also, LG has horrible customer service.The first one I had didn't even last a year. After a few months, it started freezing, randomly shutting off, the screen would get stuck on rainbow-colored static...Then it got worse and just shut down. I took it to a local Verizon where they told me it was over-loaded and dying, and talked to me like I was a very slow child. They said there was nothing they could do and they couldn't get my information off. They told me to take it home and transfer all my info to the card. On the way home it died. I called the LG rep and he told me they had no idea what they were talking about and that what they said was not possible. I went to a different Verizon and they said that they COULD have gotten my information out (which i knew), but it was too late now. I was still under warranty, so they ordered me a refurbished phone- they said I could NOT get a different kind of phone, just the exact same one. Unless I wanted to pay full price, of course. I contacted LG, and they said that while they COULD fix it and get all of my information out of the phone after they fixed it, they wouldn't. They would instead fix it, wipe the information clean,and sell it to someone else. And give me someone else's refurbished phone.  Yes, they admitted all of that.  I lost ALL my information and got the refurbished phone from Verizon.Cut to another few months later. No warranty and SURPRISE! It starts again. Freezing, shutting off, getting stuck...Then one day the touch screen just stopped working. I took it to yet another Verizon. This guy had no idea what was wrong and said I would have to call the national line if I had other questions about what was actually wrong with it. He said that the phone was clearly going to die, there was no way to fix it, and I would have to wait 4 months until my contract was up for renewal to get a working phone. 2 hours later...it unfroze and the touch screen starting working again. For the next 4 months, the phone continued to sporadically lose all my photos except 8, then magically find them minutes later, change my background photos, freeze randomly, static, shut off...then...it died.Let me just say that I will NEVER EVER get another LG phone. I will never let any friends or family get one either.Aside from the problems I had with the phone being a complete POS, when it was working, I was constantly having my purse, my pockets, even my arms (when I was carrying a bunch of bags,etc) dial random numbers in my phonebook.Why didn't I lock it you ask? The lock function,if you want to call it that, doesn't actually "lock" the phone and require a password to get back in. I'm not quite sure what the actual function is.The touch screen is impossible to use to text; even with my tiny little girly fingers, the screen would constantly choose the wrong letter or number. The voice dial is just as bad, if not worse. You have to scream at the phone, sometimes more than 5 or 6 times and still nothing- or worse- it dials the wrong person.On to the camera-Don't bother taking photos unless it's something LESS than a 1/2 foot away- there is no zoom. Even my cheap Motorola Razr had zoom. You can't take photos from across the room and crop them later- it will make them blurry.Don't bother taking photos unless you are in broad daylight with no shadows. Indoors, you better be directly under light- but not in the glare. 9/10 times the flash goes off, you get a completely white screen. Without the flash, you get a black screen.I can't tell you how many times I missed something, or how many times I stood somewhere trying 8 or 9 times to get a photo to be visible. I don't know about you, but I'm embarrassed asking someone to hold still for 8-9 re-takes, and admitting I still didn't get it.I may make it my mission in life to make sure no one I meet ever buys this POS- or anything LG!

First off, the phone arrived with a phone charger 'not recommended for this phone', it has been down hill since then.  The letter p stuck the first day.  My contacts show up as 'no name', I cannot erase the messages and I have to physically input the phone number of my contact to send a message.  Actually, there are to many things wrong for me to list.  As previously stated, 'buyer beware'.I would not recommend this phone.

my env touch didn't do any of the horrible things you guys have described, but i hate how i can pocket dial someone really easy due to the lack of really locking the touch screen. also,the display won't light back up when i call a number and have to enter my password or other numbers,it just stays black even though my head isn't covering the sensor that makes the screen turn off. just bought a Motorola droid x2 so glad to be getting rid of this thing. it isn't the worst phone out there,but it seems so outdated compared to the other phones you can get. oh, it also wouldn't update when i first got it even though my bf's did it right away. all of a sudden one morning the phone reset all the settings to default and i looked and it updated it's software version after 1 1/2 years of trying! it has reset to default setting 4 times since getting it and all in the past 6 months. now the battery won't stay charged for very long,and i have a new battery...so ready to enter the smartphone world even if it means i have to pay extra for a data plan.

Before I purchased my iphone I used this phone. They are good but after 6 months they start having problems. But for the cost its worth it.

I know it's refurbished, but it should have said something about the good sized scratch on the screen, and the replaced cover for over the charger plug. New cover is difficult to get off. Ever now and then screen goes blank and I have to close and open it, or restart it in order to use it again.

if your getting this phone for the touch screen expect to be disappointed but i got it so i could text on the touch screen in a pinch but use the key board when i had time. the keyboard is amazing and i love it but as i said the touch needs a little help, but is still functional.

I got this phone for christmas present, the service was fast, Verizon tried to connected over the phone, they could not do it. I went personally to the store, they tried again, impossible, they said this phone is broken o have missing parts, i returned, after a few days. I check my refund, they did, but here is the catch, they credit amanzon card, not my credit card. Now have to spend that money in amazon, for not reason.

This kind of phone might be great or it might be crappy, but if you are looking for a never used phone definitely don't go with this dealer. I bought this even though I was worried about other reviews, and when I received my phone, sure enough it had signs of very minor use (some scratches) and Verizon told me it had been activated when I called them. I asked Dealscaly for either a guaranteed new phone or to send me my full refund. I just got my refund so apparently they are not selling new phones. Just a heads up.

the phone was used and i ordered new. the phone would not activate. we took it to the Verizon store and they could do nothing with it.

I've ordered this phone 3 times, and will do so to keep my touch screen features that doesn't require a data package.Just an awesome purchase...does more I need!!!

I was very pleased with the dealing.  The right item, to the right place, at the right time. at the right price.  Easy, simple, transaction.

Had this phone a month now and no complaints from my 14 year old son... a very good sign and value!

I bought this phone for my mom so she can connect it to verizon without having renew our contract with them . Came with everything it was suppose to. Was a great purchase.

Internal screen faild after 6 hours on a table I tried to contact this seller and it dosnt give me any option but to return it seller and phone get a low raiting

I had a Blackberry Pearl, then had to downgrade because the plan got too expensive...so I went from the Blackberry to the POS Samsung Glyde...then when I nearly broke a window throwing that phone across the room, I decided to get the enV Touch.  I was SO incredibly happy when I got this phone and it was the complete opposite of the piece of junk Samsung Glyde.  I'm not sure why all the people who gave this phone a bad review got bad phones, but I never had any problems with mine whatsoever.  No pocket/purse dials, the touch screen works like a dream, battery life...fine.  I don't normally review things and a lot of people don't if they are happy with what they get, so maybe that's why there are more negative reviews than positive.  I just felt the need to get another positive review on here.It is a great phone for those who want to get that smartphone feel without the price.  The only thing I missed from the Blackberry was getting my emails, but the touch screen definitely made up for that.  I'm sure I'd still be using it happily if I was still with Verizon, but I passed it along to a friend who is also very happy with it.

Item did not function as 3G as described, would not read or save pictures to card and would go straight to voicemail alot of the time.

Received on time.  My daughter loves her replacement phone.only complaint is that the battery goes down fast, not a big deal she turns it off at school.

I normally don't write reviews however I find myself compelled to warn anyone thinking about buying this phone. Here are my notes. First of all the phone was advertised as new however once I was in the Verizon store to activate I was informed that the phone was pre-owned (using the ID # in the battery compartment).Within a day I found out that the battery wouldn't hold a charge for longer than a day. After contact with the vendor, they did agree to send a new battery.The normal way for me to carry my phone is in my front pocket and I noticed that when I would take it out to check for a missed call or text, it would be off, even though I locked the keys before putting it in my pocket. This happens regularly and is quite annoying because once I turn it back on I have missed a call or text.Through all of this I have continued using the phone as I cannot afford to buy a new one. The final straw that convinced me to write this article is the inside screen no longer works. This weekend the inside screen has turned dark except for some random stripes across it. Now I can't text using the keyboard.My wife has the same phone and is just as unhappy with it as I am.Please research carefully before you buy, and make sure you buy new.

Having 4 smartphones on 1 wireless cellphone account was costing me more than a new car payment. Did I really NEED a data plan? No. Was it nice to have? Sure.I pulled out one of my old basic phones and re-activated it. I found that I did not miss my data plan at all. I mostly talk and text and was paying $350+ each year for the convenience of checking social media in the grocery store a couple of times each month.The old cell phone that I had in the drawer, however, was not an easy one to text with. Before I got a smartphone, I was using an LG enV Touch. I had given my LG enV Touch to my son to use because his phone no longer worked.Once I found that I could live without data; I had to have this phone again. I had used it and loved it. 75% of my communication is by text and this is a great texting phone.I had been reading many horror stories on the internet about how people had ordered older phones that are no longer available in stores and where very unhappy with the condition of the phones that they received relevant to what the condition was expected to be.I took a chance on Applewireless through Amazon.The phone arrived sooner than expected and it was new as stated. It was not, &#34;like new&#34; or &#34;new condition&#34;. It was NEW. Not a scratch on it and all of the annoying protective tape was all over it. I was so relieved and extremely happy.I did have a bit of a &#34;moment&#34; while trying to activate my new phone. I went to the carrier website, as I am accustomed to doing, and during activation was greeted with &#34;this code is not valid.&#34; My heart sunk. Did I just buy a brick?Well, like most men, I did not follow the directions that were sent with the phone. It clearly spells out how to activate. I followed the directions and have been happily using my LG enV Touch ever since.I could not be happier with my phone or Amazon and Applewireless.Goodbye expensive data plan; Welcome home my old friend.

Nice phone. Touch screen and qwerty! My daughter is pleased with it. Recommend it to anyone! Happy with the seller as well. Seem to get service no matter where we are. Takes great photos.

Love, LOVE LOVE this phone!! I got it to replace my samsung intensity II, which I did NOT like. So the switch to this phone was great!! I love all the features on the phone, as well as the simplicity of it. You can use the touch screen to draw pictures, and even write out our messages. If you're not good at that, you can just flip out the keyboard and write your message that way. I love the ease of getting around the menus. You can find every feature pretty easily. The camera is great, it can shoot both video and pictures!! I got mine refurbished, and you can't tell. There aren't any scratches or anything. One thing though, is definitely the battery. This phone is a cheap buy, so its not that bad to buy an extra battery. The first one definitely goes fast. If it weren't for that, this phone would be perfect!!!EDIT:I've had this phone for four months. I still love it for all the reasons specified above. but the microphone has stopped working! if anybody calls me they can't hear a thing!!

It works for what I need, I like it for now so I will keep it I am pretty happy

It is exactly what I have had for five years. I don't want a Smart phone , so  I got one just like my old one which  I gave to my step daughter and is still in use.

Bought it for my 15-yr-old. She loves it and has had no problems with it. Bought it in March 2012.

This reviewed created by my daughter:  This phone is not as nice as an iPhone or a droid, but it's a good phone. When I got this phone I was 10 or11, and I had it for about three years. I have dropped in many times, jumped in the pool with it, and much more. It stood up to all that and had almost no problems. The batterie didn't short out, and the touch screen worked great. The only problem I have with this phone is that they put a data plan on it. ( the data plan wasnt there when I got the phone) its not worth paying the extra money for. Might as well get a real smart phone. Other than that, I loved this phone.

They were very kinda and worked around my issue with the product. I really appreciate it and I am no longer disappointed. Thank y'all very much

It has taken awhile for me to submit this review but this phone was TERRIBLE. I ordered in and the condition visually was great but there was just a small problem. The front touch screen was completely messed up. Even when i calibrated it (which was extremely difficult to get to) it still would not work at all. I would hit a spot on the screen and it would take me somewhere else I didn't press on. Terrible.

please don't buy a phone from applewireless . they do not stand by their products . I purchased the lg env touch vx11000 and it worked fine for a week and then the touch screen went downhill.it worked when it felt like it .just like the applewireless employees.all they did was give me the run around hoping my 30 days would expire.i sent it back to them on the premise they would send me a new phone . after a week I got the same phone back with the instructions to send it back to amazon there was nothing they could do for me.dont do it.

I chose this phone as an upgrade to almost the exact model I already had.  The slimmer size is a nice feature, however there were several other changes that are hard to adjust to and not very user friendly.  When I want to send a text message, I have to go through the complete contact list to get the number, you are not able to just type in the number needed, takes too much extra time.  Also, the phone charger that came with it states &#34;not recommended for this phone&#34; and takes a very long time to recharge.  I have to recharge overnight to ensure it's completely charged by morning which is inconvenient.  However, the phone does stay charged for quite some time which is helpful.

I had to get another phone and was not eligible for an upgrade at this time.  I have never had a touch screen but wanted one.  This is the most fabulous phone I have ever owned.  I have had more fun learning new things and it is so easy to manivuer.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who is just getting into the touch system.

This phone is not worth the money. The first day I got this phone it shut off on me randomly, and has being doing that ever since, constantly. The screen goes white and fuzzy randomly, it freezes up a lot, doesn't send or receive messages well at all, ect. I've only had this phone for a couple of months and it's terrible.

the phone has some wearing and tear but otherwise its a good phone it was alot of great features included. The was right the phone was what they say it was... Thanks

I bought this phone trusting the seller, it completely froze soon after receiving it. It was a waste of valuable time and money not to mention such an inconvenience because the phone malfunctioned at the worst possible time. I was on vacation and was unable to get a new one for a week.

WORKS GREAT!  HAVE TO BE CAREFUL NOT TO DROP BECAUSE IT IS A LITTLE FRAGLE. OTHER THAN THAT IS IS WORKING GOOD.

The outside screen of the cell phone has trouble with touch.  It doesn't work like it should but the inside screen works fine.  It's o.k., but just not excellent.

I have had this phone since 2009 I believe. I got one of those &#34;smart phones&#34; for a brief time but got rid of that for this phone again. I love this phone, I will continue to use this phone as long as possible. The key board is fantastic, and it takes wonderful pictures. Touch screen is kinda poop but that's alright, I use this phone for the main purpose of phones...TO CALL PEOPLE. No stupid apps, no charging 300 times a day, no outrageous data charges, just one great phone.

I must say I am dissappointed with the performance of the phone's battery. It does not hold a charge for more than a half a day and looses power without sufficient warning. I am hesitant to purchase another product like this thru your service.

Phone shipped fast and I gave it as a gift to my sister who then tells me she could never get the phone to turn on even after having charged it for a day. I got phone back and tried to get it to work the phone still won't turn on while it is charging after the battery almost dies it will turn on to say battery low and shut off again and if you try to charge before it shuts off then by hooking charger up will shut it off anyway. Because of the whole birthday and everything I went past the return date and now I am stuck with this phone that doesn't work.

I was very disappointed with this product. I had this phone for only a few months, and it is completely useless now. It started shutting off for no reason after about 3 months. At the 5 month mark, it completely shut down, and was even hot to touch. I tried putting a new battery into it, but that didnt fix the problem. Dont buy this phone, it was a waste of money and not worth it at all.

I wanted this phone as I didn't want touch screen only.  I only had to call Verizon tech support and have them exclude the data from it as I didn't want data charges. Only problem I have encountered with it is sometimes when I try to use the touch screen once I make a call; ( like putting info into an IVR system) the screen goes black and doesn't always relight so I can put in an act # or password. Therefore, I have to open the phone and put the numbers in it that way.  Otherwise I love it!

I chose this phone not for the touch screen but for a bigger front screen and a little larger keypad. The phone is great and the text is good. The only complaints with this phone is that it will occasionally shut itself off and the battery life is a little short. Considering that it's a touch screen the battery life isn't terrible but I think it could be a little better. Even though it's a new phone it's still an older model. Even in the package batteries age so... that all factors in. For the money and no contracts or contract extensions, if you are looking for a basic phone, it's a pretty good phone.

After this item was shipped out it took 3 weeks to receive. Then i figured out that everytime the phone turns off I can't turn it back on without a charger. I messaged the company about this right away and never received a message back. I'm very disappointed.

Exactly the same as my other one, works perfectly, was new like it said, and very easy to activate, took it to my Verizon store and they transferred my pix and contacts.....

Okay so let me start by saying the only reason i needed a phone was because all of my stuff was STOLEN. I have been going without a phone i finally order one. I was so excited i went to the store and the guy tells me this phone was reported STOLEN!! I really didn't appreciate these people trying to sell me something that was stolen. So if you are considering buying something from these people DON'T!!! Unless you like having stolen things.

"White screen of death"...turns itself off...locks up.  This is after multiple programming updates, roaming updates, and three visits to Verizon store for firmware updates.  It is STILL the worst phone i have ever owned.  Probably the last LG I'll ever get.

The phone wasn't functioning properly until I hit it a few times.  May have been dropped in water in the past but was sold "like new"

I was so happy to discover thta i could purchase one (brand new!) of these phones!  I loved my old phone and did not want to switch to a smart(er) phone... my new phone arrived promptly and is in perfect working order!I will def look to you folks if I need another phone in the future!Thanks for the great service!

It had some issues, but they took it back and refunded my money, so 5 stars for good customer service, but the phone had some issues.
