
Battery not in a seal pack ,probably used ,don't last the full charge more than one day.Just one alarm ....incredible.

This phone was everything that it was advertised to be. It is easy to use and comes with good tech support. The only drawback is that Nokia phones aree no longer supported by AT@T.

Purchased this phone for my fiance because of all the great reviews and because he didn't want a smart phone...boy was this a big mistake.  This phone claims to be "unlocked" but does not work well with AT&T; (maybe it's a better phone with other providers but I would not suggest getting this if you have AT&T;).  We spent a lot of time trying to reconfigure the settings to get the internet and sending pictures to work but it was all for not.  The bad does not outweigh the good with this purchase and I would strongly advise against it.Pros:Small/compactLightweightBattery LifeCons:Connecting to the internetSending picturesTexting

I needed a basic bar phone for rough and tough use. No better device than a Nokia for that. Plus its a quad band US version phone. Which means it works on all networks in the US and should work everywhere else in the world too. For the price paid, couldn't ask for more.

Buenos d&iacute;as, con este tel&eacute;fono no tengo problemas con las tres operadoras que se encuentra en mi pa&iacute;s Venezuela, a pesar que es econ&oacute;mico funciona bien y a mi hija le gusto mucho.

Please be advised that this phone will not allow you to connect to the Internet or to use any of its data features like email etc. if you are using AT&T's data plan. You can however make calls and send SMS text messages. I learned this the hard way and had to return what was otherwise a decent phone.

i GOT THIS PHONE IN ECUADOR 1 MONTH AFTER THE PURCHASE. IT WORKS GOOD FOR 2 MONTHS, BUT AFTER THAT IT ALWAY GIVE PROBLEMS TO ME. I SEND IT TO REVIEW IN A AUTORIZED CENTER BUT THEY TOLD ME THAT IT HAS USED PARTS. NOW IT DO NOT WORKS IT IS A FRAUD.

I bought it for a recent trip to Europe and it works great without any issues. I was very pleased surprised when the package arrived and brand new from the factory, complete with a NOKIA factory seal on the box. The battery was new, and the phone was in excellent condition. I was up and running within minutes, and fully charged the battery. I inserted in a SIM card into a phone and it was working immediately, no PIN or unlock requests, nothing. It immediately recognized the SIM card and logged onto the network. It is very user friendly for phone calls and text messages and has MP3 audio capabilities.

Bought this phone for my mom since she has no need for a smart phone...she like the style of the phone and it is light weight...easy to use....the only con it has no volume buttons on the side of the phone to adjust volume

It works well as it has always been the case with Nokia products.  Smartphones are not for me under any circumstances.

I just received this phone this week, and so far it seems quite good.  It has better reception than my five year old Nokia which it has replaced.  Best of all, I was able to backup all my contacts from my old phone and import them into this new one using the Nokia PC Suite which is downloadable for free from the Nokia website.  My only complaint is that the product documentation does not include more detailed explanations.Swapping the SIMM card from my old phone, it was easy to get the phone itself working, however configuring the Internet settings for use with my AT&T; service was difficult. Some reviews here were helpful, but not enough. After much searching around, I found these instructions on the AT&T; website for the Nokia C3 which has similar configuration options.Carefully following these instructions got Internet connectivity and the Opera Mini browser working, though for some reason the Nokia browser which also came installed still gets an error, but it's redundant anyway.Follow-up Note: Amazon automatically blocked a few settings that were URLs [..], so do a search for "Nokia-C3-MMS-and-Web-settings-SOLVED" to find the complete info.Multimedia MessagingMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name:  AT&T; MMSServer address:  [...]Use pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  wireless.cingular.com-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name:  Media NetHomepage:  [...]User name:  leave blankPassword:  leave blankUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  wireless.cingular.com-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > Activate

The voice on this phone is very low. You have to push the phone very close to your ear to hear clearly.

very nice phone. sleek and sturdy design, very easy to personalize. speakerphone is loud enough. reception is also awesome. perfect phone for calling and mesagging. idk about internet - im not using it :).

Very good phone, very good performance and durability. exclente price.I recommend it for anyone who wants to have the basics and not much internet browsing

Purchased this phone to replace an aging Nokia that was close to 10 years old.  Swapped the SIM card from old phone to new and instantly connected to the AT&T; network.  Phonecalls and texting worked fine.  Have not yet tried to text a photo.  Camera functions fine with good quality.  Added micro-SDHC card.  Connected phone to PC and copied pictures over.  So far, so good.Amazon delivered ahead of schedule.  Phone in use now for about three weeks.

Simple, small, light.  I've taken the phone abroad with no problems.  This phone plus PTel is a steal when compared to any contract plan I've seen from the major networks.

It's a great basic cellphone, just made for people with no need to keep connected to Internet all day long. It's features like camera, mp3 playing and a full color screen make it still a modern phone. I recommend it.

This phone is small, light-weight, easy to use, and functions faultlessly. It also has excellent signal range. Good camera for a non-smart-phone. Battery life is superb, lasting days of heavy phone use per charge, unlike smart phones that need constant recharging. I set up the phone so that only the phone, address book, and camera are quickly accessible - no distractions. If you don't need or want a Smart Phone, this is an excellent choice.

Great basic phone for texting, calling, and simple. It is for someone looking for a smart phone alternative. A good buy.

amazing practical and easy to use, combined with great technology. this phone is a good purchase! i bought it for my mom and she really enjoys using it

I recommend the product and the seller , good price for a great nokia cell phone , that's is the nokia phone that I was looking for

bought this phone few days ago & returned it same day...this phone may be good but the camera is very bad...not even 1 mega pixel.(but it says 3mp)..& the phone is so tiny,,,,,,overall I didnt like it.....

It is a very nice basic phone. I use it for phone calls mostly, alarm clock and few text messages. It has been a good experience so far as always with Nokia. Messaging is a little confusing or not as user friendly as on iPhone or HTC. But I don't use it that often so no problem

Es un excelente telefono, le coloque el sim card de linea movilnet funciona perfecto, el unico problema es el audio del telefono, a la hora de recibir una llamada la calidad es baja en cuanto al sonido ya que suena muy bajito y ya tiene todo el volumen del auricular. por lo demas un excelente telefono

I purchased this phone as a replacement to my 2730 which was fairly new but got dropped on concrete. I was very happy with my 2730 for the price but when I see the year over year lack of innovation going between what should be two versions of the same phone, it depresses me. Nokia was once the king of cell phone innovation and now is just plane boring. The software used to update and manage the phone (Ovi Suite)is clunky and a resource hog. It's trying to copy the usefulness of itunes but is very poorly built.The reason I wanted to perform the software update was the annoying sound of my own voice that comes through the earpiece. This is a little hard to describe. The microphone is very sensitive and live yet it drops in and out. I can't figure out what's going on in my ear when I try to talk, but its very annoying. Its not like a network delay and echo that you hear but a real-time loop. Nokia is a great example of good being the enemy of great. They had a nice market share and decided to sit on their laurels while others passed them by.Avoid!

As for talk quality (isn't that what a cell phone is really supposed to be all about), this phone worked well. Nokia in my view has the best reception as well. The battery life was just ok. Very typical.  I did however return this phone. This was the second C2-01 that I had purchased.  Both had defective ear jacks. (That was a must have on my list of needs) The scroll bar across the bottom was a plus. It can be customized though a couple of the apps can not be removed. i.e. Facebook and I think the OVI store. For the price and the fact that this is an UNLOCKED PHONE (hallelujah), this phone is very nice.

Needed a simple, reliable phone for my technically challenged parents.  Set them up on a pay as you go plan with tmobile.  Phones work great.  Parents no longer on ridiculously expensive phone plans.  Problem solved .

Good shape. Brand new and perfectly package.  Came on time. At the moment, works perfectly and it full feels all my expectations.

This phone is great! It has everything you will ever need in a candybar phone and more. The keys are raised so texting is quick and easy. The predictive text is great because you can one hand text and drive. That's right we all do, so why not make it easier with this phone. One of the great features of the phone is the conversation texting. It's great because you can keep up with what was previously said... just like an iphone. Trust me, this phone is great! Touch screens are overrated because you never know which key pushing. Who needs a slider key pad when you have predictive text, that's just one more thing to break. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a good quality phone without all the gimmicks. This phone gets the job done.

This phone does exactly what I wanted. It gives me the ability to use the phone anywhere in the world simply by putting in a local simm card. Good battery life and the volume is excellent. The only drawback so far is that the phone is very slick so it is easy to drop if you're not careful and I occasionally inadvertantly dial a number when it is in my pocket. I have ordered a skin for it which I hope will alleviate those problems as well as help protect the phone should I accidentally drop it. If you need texting capability look elsewhere.

This phone replaced my old Nokia only because my carrier is longer supporting a 2G network.  My only complaint is that it goes through the battery a whole lot faster than my old Nokia. It has all of the same great features that Nokia has had in their past phones (the capability to personalize the phone applications), as well as some new very nice features (the option to have a analog clock, music, and camera to name a few).  Love this new phone and plan on keeping it for a long time!

Very small works well and fits anywhere.....My mom loves it and will recommend it to all who are interested

Lack of the on-screen-display date. To find what is today, one would have to search through several steps, the old man who received my gift has returned it to me due to that simple reason.It was just too complicated for him to look for today's date.

I bought this for my mom because she wanted a simple phone that can make simple things like calling and texting and Nokia.This one has it and some other cool features that she loves like the camera, which is OK btw, radio and e-mail service.Best thing in the phone is battery life.

Excellent phone, long lasting battery, had a smartphone which I got rid of for this one, much happier with this.!

its a good phone for the price and very easy to use.i would highly recommend it t anyone who likes Nokia phones

I have recently downgraded from iPhone 4 to LG GU295 provided by AT&T.; Since I am using iPad 3G I didn't want to pay double data charges to AT&T.; LG provided by AT&T; is good as a paper weight. I have replaced it twice and was frastruated by the situation. So I decided to spend little money for a lot of peace of mind. I ordered this Nokia C2 from Amazon and oh boy! This is an amazing phone with:Light weightEver lasting battery lifeNokia oVi support (transferring contacts couldn't be easier)Crystal clear soundVery good displayBluetooth ADAP 2.0FM Radio3G compatible with upto 384 kbps (Though I did not test the 3G functions)Overall, if you are looking for a decent phone with extra ordinary battery life to make phone calls ans text, look no further! This is the right phone for you, period!

This is a feature phone that does the job, is loud for calls, easy to use and will last years.  Its a workhorse, plus it looks cool.

Do you long for the days when a phone was a just a phone, with the occassional text message thrown in?  Well, this phone from Nokia can bring you back there.  It has the comforting Nokia interface, with a good build quality and good battery life.  The screen is easy to read with good color contrast.It does the job in a stylish way.  Was just what I was looking for.

Came in a timely manner. I set it up and it perking especially the radio even though I had to get powerful headset to get a stronger feed for the radio. Other than that is is a great product and i will definitely recommend it.

I've bought this for my international sim card. I just want to be able to receive phone calls while traveling to North America. I wish it were a bit cheaper (that makes it a 4 star) comparing to similar devices from Nokia's competitors.

Installed the simm card and started using it prono.easy to use and understand.  Would buy it again in a heart beat.

Would not read my ATT sim card it said registration error so I think it was not unlocked sorry just did not work for me to bad cause the phone was nice though......

I refuse to get on the smart phone bandwagon.  My cell phone bill (with wife and son on it) already costs well over $100 a month.  This phone makes a great, no data plan needed, phone.  Calls are clear.  Ringers are loud.  Interface is simple and easy to use.  Colors are nice and legible except in bright sunlight where they wash out pretty bad.  There are plenty of free themes, wallpapers, and ringtones available.  Changing the volume requires a step or two more than normal but that doesn't bother me.  My one compliant so far is that the screen seems to scuff up fairly easily.  I always keep my phone in my pocket (with nothing else in there) and take good care of it however I have noticed a fair amount of scuffing on the screen.  It doesn't interfere with anything but it is a bit disappointing that it seems to scuff so easily (without this flaw, I would have given the phone 5 stars).  For the price, so far I am very pleased.

Great phone but I returned it because I thought it was not worth the price. I am sick of my iphone (gasp) and want something basic that I can text and talk with. I don't think this will be great for texting without a proper keyboard. Don't need all the other bells and whistles and seriously, how much time each day do you spend staring at your smart phone?

I'm a nokia addict, it's the only kind of phone I've had.  I had a model similar to this a couple of years ago and it was pretty good as is this one.  Long battery life over all  - around 2-3 days depending on use.  Takes very decent photos, but no flash.  Even has options to do black and white and other simple edits before the photo has been taken, though it can take a bit to get those set up each time.  The menu can be a bit frustrating to figure out at first, but that goes away as you get used to it.  Probably my biggest complaints about this phone would be 1) the alarm on the count down timer can be quite soft and sometimes hard to hear and as far as I have been able to tell there is no way to make it louder.  2) when you set the phone to conversation style on text messages the phone does not show the contact name on the inbox list, but instead shows the number.  Which isn't a huge problem, but who remembers people's numbers any more?

I bought mine at a Nokia store overseas.  After a couple of months it would not ring when a call came in.  AT&T; said, "Sorry, but you didn't buy it from us so we can't help you." Nokia's U.S.A. unit told me the same thing. When I took it back overseas, the Nokia repair place wanted to keep it for two days.Here is how I fixed it myself:1. Save all phone numbers to the SIM card, because this procedure will wipe out the phone memory!2. Select "Settings," scroll all the way to the bottom, and select "Rest. factory sett." to restore factory settings.3. Select "restore all," press "continue" and enter code: 123454. Let it do its thing for a minute or two.Then it was like new again with all its original ring tones!  :^) If you do this procedure in the U.S.A., it offers the opportunity to receive messages from Nokia that I'm hoping will allow me to take advantage of additional features of this phone. You can always opt out of those later.

sbueno si funciona ensegida que le coloque la tarjeta sim funciono a la perfeccion. lo unico malo es ala hora de configurar la pagina de inicio de internet. todavia no he podido hacerlo y por esa razon no he podido entrar a  las redes sociales

I've had this phone for about 6 months or so, and am pleased with it overall.I think the voice quality is good for the most part, although perhaps not as good as an old POTS landline. However, I do find that the volume on the standard speaker doesn't go up high enough. It's almost impossible to hear my mother and girlfriend when using it (they often talk softly) and can occasionally even have trouble hearing my dad (who doesn't talk as softly.) So I often use the speakerphone instead, which has a much better volume range. It's for this reason that I knocked down the rating a star.I have no other complaints with the phone, although I pretty much only use it for calling. Occasionally I'll send / receive a text, but not enough to comment on it.

I purchased this phone for my mother because of its simple design, US waranty and 3G compatibility with AT&T;, but above of all, my faith in the brand. The left side soft key always stays in after being pressed, and the only way to pop it back up is by pressing the right side soft key, like playing a see-saw. I wanted to say it's just my bad luck, but I feel the problem is more likely caused by a poor design and cheap parts.Being a Nokia phone user for 16 years and counting, with good memory of my 6188, 6230, 8800, E65, 5530, C6-01, I can't express how sad I was when holding this piece of thing in my hand.I had to return the phone. Amazon processed the return smoothly, as expected.

This worked great, though it was not as sturdy as my old Nokia brick phone that had had for seven years prior to buying this. This phone served me well for two years as a good PHONE. It's not good for much else, but if you want something cheap and unlocked, this is ideal.

My new phone.  The Nokia C2-01.5 is a old model but a good phone. I like it because it is easy to handle

Todo salio muy bien, el envio se hizo correcto al dia establecido y el telefono en perfectas condiciones!!! 100% recomendado. Agradecido!!!

Having recently switched to a prepaid cellphone plan using a SIM card, I wanted to have a backup phone in case I had an accident with my primary $400 smartphone. After a lot of searching, I came across the Nokia C2-01.5. I didn't want another smartphone as a backup due to costs; I just wanted something capable of sending/receiving calls, texts and mms as well as having MicroUSB charging support so I could continue to use my other phone chargers (I have about 6 of them). For the price, this phone fit the bill and also had the added bonus of 3G (HSDPA) support on ATT's network.I picked up one of the "Used - Like New" items for a discount. The phone came in mint condition with all the accessories and manuals. It powered on and worked great, however there is one small annoyance (one that I suppose I could get used to) - the screen itself is skewed about 10-15 degrees to the right, so it's essentially "crooked" when powered on and held normally. This doesn't affect any of the functionality of the phone, but it looks really strange and makes you do a "double take" when looking at the phone and using it. Because of this obvious build quality issue, I couldn't give it more than 3 stars.As far as signal strength and other features, this phone does as advertised. Pictures aren't anything fantastic and the screen (as well as the phone itself) is very small, although perfectly functional. All in all, for a phone I plan to use as a backup it will still work perfect.

good reliable phone for overseas travel.  It is not fancy with whistles and bells of newer phones but just right for travel and calls.

I'm on page 51 of the manual trying to look for a shortcut for a silent setting, and one to set it back to normal. An intuitive interface would have put these basic functions in an obvious place, but I had to flip through 51 pages to find out that if I want that functionality, I have to set up my own shortcuts. Other things, like locking the keypad - which is essential on this phone - are also arcane: push the menu button, then star. If you're not familiar with Nokia devices, it's a combination you'd take a long time figuring out on your own.What these indicate is that interface design is typically an afterthought instead of a prime consideration. This is why the iPhone is so popular - they started with the interface and designed the device around that. At Nokia, they do that in reverse order.So, in spite of the nice range of functions in such an inexpensive phone, I give it minus points for that. Camera, facebook, IM and internet all have icons on the home screen, but completing tasks with them can also get confusing.The other disappointment with this device is its lack of compatibility - not only with Macs, but even with Windows XP Pro if it's 64 bit. So it doesn't work with the two OS's I happen to use.As another reviewer pointed out, it would be great if Nokia would just focus on a handful of devices and made those really good, instead of the hundred or so models they produce. For the inexpensive price, this is certainly good as a phone, but not much else if you don't have compatible devices or don't want to read the 84-page manual.

The Nikia C2-01 Unlocked GSM phone with 3.2 MP camera and music and video player is a good product...  Simple to use...  Just slip in your SIM card and start calling....  Take a 16 GB microSDHC card for storing your music/photos/videos...  The camera seems to be good...  The sound on music play back is good on speakers and with ear buds/phones...  Worth the price...  It will do even more then I use it for...  I am sure it doesn't have the bells and whishles that an I-Phone/Pad has...  But then it is about one fifth the price...  4 stars...

I had two phones on a trip to Oman, this and a Samsung. The other phone's battery lasted a lot longer (5+ days instead of 3+ days), but this phone always worked. It never dropped a call, unlike the Samsung that was dropping calls left and right, even from the very same location. Don't expect it to be very smart, it is a very basic phone.The instructions specifically state not to use the full size SIMs with the cut out to make them a micro, but I did anyway because there was no other option and it worked fine.

The quality of voice receiving and talking is good. The screen size is good but the keypad is much too small and the numbers, letters against black are almost not visible.  For this price, you would think to have a keyboard like a computer for sms.

I got it a good time. i recommend this phone is to easy to use, for examples for my mom was the best.

I was looking for a phone (i.e., a device basically for phone calls, as opposed to a hand-held computer).  I was pleasantly surprised by the Nokia C2-01, because the SIM from my old Motorola [originally a Cingular(!), then AT&T;, and finally a converted prepaid T-Mobile, after unlocking it] - anyway, taking the SIM out and placing it into the C2-01 was seamless/easy.Because my old phone was useless and the phonebook could not be retrieved, using the Nokia Ovi software (downloaded from their web site) made the process a little less painful - inputting the contacts from a keyboard is easier than doing so directly into the phone.  The Bluetooth wireless was then used to transfer the information from a laptop to the C2-01; I did not have a micro-USB interface cord, which would have been faster.  Also, I used Bluetooth to transfer about 1,000 songs from the same laptop via PC-based iTunes (downloaded from Apple) - for the money, its music function is great, as is the quality of calls.The Nokia C2-01 is more than adequate for anyone wanting a pre-paid phone that can be used in the USA or Europe.  Otherwise, if one wants additonal services from either AT&T; or T-Mobile - that will run more $'s, of course.  I only wanted a conversation phone, but the additional functions of the C2-01 are welcome, although I am not making full use of them.The display is very readable; the menu system is just fine for a better-than-basic phone; calls are clear.  The buttons are easy to use and accurate.  I chose the "warm silver" color - it seemed like a "brighter" choice to me than black.From Amazon, I also ordered a side pouch belt case by BestCellBuy [Amazon had this on sale for $0.99(!)]; and a protective gel skin by iTALKonline - fits perfectly with little additional girth.I am quite satisfied with the Nokia C2-01; and with Amazon's product selection and shipping/handling service - free shipping and no sales tax (Woohoo!).See this link:Nokia C2-01 Unlocked GSM Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Music and Video Player--U.S. Version with Warranty (Warm Silver)

For anyone who wants just the basic kind of phone, this is it.  My husband likes it because it satisfied his three needs with any phone.  It needs to be cheap and be able to make and receive calls. He doesn't care about much else.  This phone has pretty good additional features, like a camera, messaging, music and video capability, etc. Therefore it doesn't completely leave you in the stone age.  I would recommend it.

I love the phone, it does just what I want it to do, easy to use, pictures are good, SIM cards switch easily.  But less than a month after I bought it, the battery charges, says it's full, then 5 minutes later is empty.  What's this all about?  A faulty phone?  A battery gone wrong?  I thought Nokia was supposed to be a good, dependable product!  What ever happened to making things last for years and years?FRUSTRATION!!!

smooth and thin design, but i can not write a review because i am unable to slide back cover to load battery. am afraid i may damage it if i apply force in doing so.

It is the classic one. I bought it for my mom. Simple and easy to use. I recommend it 100%

Hola a todos los que leen en espa&ntilde;ol estas revisiones de productos compradosy los gringos que saben algo de el .Este es un excelente telefono Nokia y estoysatifecho con mi compra en esta tienda y recomiendo ampliamente al vendedor .El envio fuea tiempo .Muchas gracias

This phone worked without any glitch when I used it in India. Good call quality and worked great right after getting new SIM card.

bought phone from amazon 5/23/11. i got the nokia because my old phone was motorzr2 v9 which has a major flaw. the razr will only charge a battery to 1/2 full, because of the phone software.  my phone before the razr was the nokia 6130 and it had a great battery life, but was small for a flip phone. i didn't want a smart phone or a touch screen, i just wanted a phone for calls, texting and that has a decent camera.  i also didn't want to be locked into a contract for another 2 years with AT&T.;the C2-1 so far fits the bill. I can't judge the battery life until i have had the phone for a year or so but everything else is ok.  the phone is smaller than i thought but i can live with that for now. camera takes good pictures, no flash, but you can edit photos so thats cool.  for people who want simple but good, this is the phone.update 3/12/12- i had the phone for over 6 months.  battery life is average, i do not surf the net or take many pictures and i still have to  charge the phone every 3 days, compared to a week or more when i first got it.  i definitely do not store messages or pictures because that just drains the battery faster.  pictures are ok and its easy to hook up the phone to my computer and transfer the pictures i take because you don't need to buy or download a special program to do it.  i would not buy this phone again, but would recommend it an older mom or dad or for a young teen (before they find out about social networking and smart phones).

I use this for travel in Europe.  It's a goodphone.  A friend bought one also for the samepurpose and I bought it on his recommendation.We're happly with the phone.

Its gift for my elderly mother and she loves it so far. Cos she can easily see the numbers on the keyboard. Its jus a regular phone to call, text and check emails not surfing the net. If that's what you want in a phone, then this is a deal. Recommended any time. Also it had a 2gb micro sd in it.

I've had this c2-01.5 for a year. Slipped in a SIM card from an old TMobile flip phone that broke, and I was in business.  I only use it for voice and text though it supposedly does email.  The camera is better than I thought - when I finally hooked up the USB cable and uploaded the pictures to my PC I was quite surprised at how much better the pix are than  on the phone's tiny screen.  I have a smartphone too, and an iPad, but THIS is the phone I still carry everywhere, even after a year of use and buying a nifty smartphone.  It's Nokia tough and the battery lasts  forever and I can dial the keypad by feel  without seeing it if I ever had to.  Trusty reliable and classic,  and the Nokia 4 frequency GSM combo works worldwide in my experience,  I've just pulled it out and dialed home in Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia (watch the roaming costs or else put in a local SIM card  of course.)  I just can't give it up.  So my smart phone sits at home, or I take it along also, for it's classy camera,  but the c2-01 will be the one I always have on my person  and will till it falls apart.  Actually I bought a spare, so I'm good till  they quit making SIM cards.

This is a good phone for those that just want to make phone calls for the most part. Nothing fancy, but when you buy this I don't think you expect to have it do all the smartphone things. That being said, it is a reliable phone with great battery life, call quality and is easy to use.No flash lightOnly gripe, is to get the time when it is locked, press the hang up (red) button. I stumbled onto that, I don't think the manual had that. And the time is shown in a grey (doesn't look black to me) and the background is blinding white. Also time doesn't stay for more than a second, other ones usually last longer as long as you hold the button.

This phone is terrific for someone who wants a basic phone that is efficient, with great battery life. The interface is easy to use, it came with the charger and all documentation and has been a pleasure to use.

Purchased this phone for work. I only get calls to this phone, so I don't need a lot of features, bells, or whistles. I walk around an old, brick building most of the day, and I get darn good reception most of the time. Most other phone fail in the darkest corners of my office building, but not this little guy. Plus, it is unlocked and has multiple antennas inside, so it works with most GSM frequencies. Would highly recommend, as long as you only need it for the occasional phone call!On a plus side; solid build quality, easy to use and navigate, very reliable device

I purchased this phone because my Android phone was accidentally run through the washing machine, ruining the touchscreen display.  Until my contract comes up for renewal, I needed a basic low-cost phone to get me through the next few months.  I also wanted an unlocked phone, because I do occasionally travel overseas, and like the ability to use a pay-as-you-go SIM for cheap local calls.As a long-time (pre-Android) Nokia candy bar phone user (my 8890 still works!), I was instantly up and running with basic phone calls and SMS texting on this phone.  The decade-old navigation habits work just like they always have, while new features are intuitive and simple use.  The Opera Mini browser is too small to be useful, but it works in an absolute pinch.For GPRS/Internet connectivity, I followed the simple AT&T; instructions for Nokia S40 located here:att.com/learningcenter/tutorials.do?tutorialId=763520&_requestid=620564#fbid=hbp8i4LW5ByThese instructions were much simpler than those posted in the top-rated review.For contacts, I got all my Google contacts to automatically sync following the simple instructions located here:support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic;=15015&answer;=98265The one feature this phone is missing is a GPS and the ability to run Google Maps.

Pictures were average to poor.  Texting was difficult if your hand is anything bigger than a teenie bopper.  I didn't think sound quality was exceptional at all.  I've owned Nokia before and was happy, but wasn't impressed about anything with this phone.  Not worth it.  Have iPhone now.

Very good team because it was Amazon who buy it .. The only thing I dislike is that Nokia does not include accessories like USB cable only includes: charger and battery ..

Excellent phone. What brobe buenisimo in Venezuela and works with all carriers, good camera, very easy to husar. I like Nokia phones for its strength and durability. I recommend

If your someone who only uses a cell phone for calls and maybe a few texts here and there then this is definitely the phone for you. 3.2 mp camera takes decent pics, navigation through everything is a breeze. MP3's, ringtones, wallpapers etc. are very easy to do. Just add them to the micro sd and insert it into the phone and that's it.If you're looking for something simple that doesn't break your wallet, I highly recommend checking this one out.

Nice phone. Takes great photos. The battery lasts a long time. Haven't been able to figure out some things like how to get the photos off it. But overall I'm satisfied with it. Nice ring tones too.

Update: March 2013, since I first reviewed it this phone is awesome still works and now I have given it an additional star, please read more to know why I gave it 4 stars the first time.Original Review:This is a replacement from previous phone that had screen cracked since i could not find a phone that was to MY LIKING in my local area I came to amazon.----------SHORT Review: Purchased June 2011, a great phone for a good price, use it as a phone not an mini computer. Great memory expansion and it does work with AT&T; and T-mobile.----------LONG review: I found this one, order it and arrived sooner than expected, charged the battery and inserted SIM and made some calls and texts to try out, it works super no problems UNTIL I got to play and explore it more some days later; the settings are not hard to get but just takes times to figure out. It has some apps (facebook, email, nokia store etc...) that you can use but I don't need them so I'll skip that. Thou you can find the same items in the Gallery and Media menus it gets annoying because you don't need to have different locations for the same things could same the space and relocated into one.The MINUS ONE STAR, I am disappointed in three things that I found messed up after I got to explore this phone more; 1.) the alarm clock is only for one time and can't set it for different wake-ups all other tools I found were OK. 2.) can't get media message (pictures) on this phone so far I can browse the net but can't receive/send pics like my previous phone 3.) my carrier charged me for the data that was used for the free game i downloaded from the nokia store since I was not aware the phone would be using data while playing the game, that was my fault so I just set that to DO NOT ALLOW anymore and now I can play without having the phone use up data. I don't have a data plan to begin with.It is plastic and you DO NEED to protect it, I got a protective case and so far I have drop it more than once till this day it works nice, NO DROP CALLS so far. Battery life is average, screen is clear the buttons easy to use, I was scare that they would get damaged but so far THIS LITTLE GUY HAS DONE ITS JOB RIGHT.

I bought this phone because I do quite a bit of international travel. In most countries I love to visit (Philippines, Malasia, Zimbabwe, Zambia) you can land, and in the duty free shop, acquire a local pre-paid sim with a local number immediately. I have AT&T and an iPhone and it's just not practical to use in these places. In any of these places, there is no micro-sim available that fits most smart phones. Although you can make phone calls on your US-based sim, they cost $5.99 a minute for voice, and $19.99 a kb for data! No typo here...I did that the first time, and had a HUGE cell bill when I returned even with the International Plan.This phone does everything your smart phone will not: Makes EXCELLENT, CLEAR reliable phone calls, battery life is 15 days making a few phone calls, and the battery is user replaceable, and it accepts a full-size sim card. I like my smart phone, but for some reason all the smart phone manufacturers have forgotten its primary role: IT's A PHONE. It NEEDS to make good phone calls.

Was a little skeptical at first, but the phone worked great.  Used in Guatemala for the first time, no problems with sim card and both voice and sms were flawless.  Great battery life as well.  Only minor complaint is the instruction booklet was difficult to understand and once the sim card went in, the phone was totally in Spanish... but minor issues for a terrific little phone.

Does the job is compact and able to hear it when it rings, my problem is with the carrier not the phone

This is a good product on its price. The delivery speed is great. The font and format of the words look very comfortable on the phone. It has four language choices that I can use Spanish, French and Chinese if I want. That is excellent!

The phone is fine as such, but I paid for a phone that works on the internet.  The internet and associated apps are hard to set up on AT&T.;First of all, as you might imagine, AT&T; has no idea about this phone.  However, there are only two GSM carriers in the US and there are oodles of phones, so I can understand their situation.It ought to be up to Nokia to provide easy-to-find instructions about how to set up the phone with the only two carriers that have GSM and on which their phones work, that is, AT&T; and T-Mobile.  Falconcc has a review dated April 20, 2011 that has information that might help you, as it helped me, although I can't make all the entries he suggests; at this point, some of the apps don't work.  But I do have basic internet now as well as the phone and text messaging.

Very nice product. Good volume, easy to hear with nice look all in a compact unit. Good buy with great quality.

This Nokia cellphone does what it was advertised for...I just need a phone with no frills just something to use in calling. Works well with T-mobile pay-as-U-go. Got it at a good price too (under $85).Simple features with practical use. FM radio is a big help when you need to hear about traffic or weather when you are riding a public transportation.

Nokia C2-01.5 Unlocked GSM Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Music and Video Player--U.S. Version with Warranty (Warm Silver)Nice small phone for basic phone operation and small pictures.  It worked with my Costa Rican Kolbi card and has good battery life.

This cell phone is fairly easy to use if you're not too much into technology, and I think it is a fairly reasonable option to use internationally if your standard cell phone plan is generally limited to the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.

The Amazon price was the best available at the time of my purchase. Combine that with free shipping and this is a really great deal for those who want a GSM phone that has a decent camera, is simple to use, and has a reasonably small form factor. I am using mine on the AT&T; network currently. I was previously using a Sony Ericsson W518a, which had been giving me a multitude of problems. I wanted a simple, unlocked phone that would work with my voice and text plan, but I didn't want to go backwards in camera resolution or expandable memory capabilities. Additionally, I did not want to renew my contract with an upgrade from AT&T; (Just in case I want to switch carriers in the near future). I don't have a data plan and pretty much only talk and text from my device. This phone does both very well. The reception and voice clarity are superior to that of my previous Sony Ericsson. The Nokia interface is not as aesthetically refined as the Sony Ericsson was, but it is simple and reliable. I will take functionality over beauty if I have to choose between the two. Some nice extras are the inclusion of a 3.5 mm audio jack and a micro USB port which can be used for charging and data transfers (I hate proprietary jacks!). The only problems I had were in configuring the MMS, Internet, and MEdia Net settings. Since this phone has never been sold by AT&T;, they won't provide any technical support. However, once I found some instructions for the configuration, it was easy to get all features running smoothly. This was a great buy. Here is what you have to do to get the MMS and internet connected:Menu-Messaging--Message settings---Multimedia messagesReq read reports - NoAllow read report - NoMMS creation mode - GuidedDefault slide timing - 00:08MMS reception - AutomaticAllow adverts - No----Configuration settingsConfiguration - Personal config.Account - MEdia Net-Settings--Connectivity---Packet dataPacket data conn. - When needed----Packet data settingsActive access point - Access point 1-----Edit active access pt.Alias for access point - Access point 1Packet data acc. pt. - wap.cingular--Configuration---Personal config. sett.Options-Add new - access point-Account name - My access point-Access point settings-Bearer settings-Packet data acc. pt. - wap.cingular-Network type - IPv4-Authentication type - Secure-User name - (leave blank)-Password - (leave blank)--Configuration-Default config. sett. - Personal config. (checked)-Act. def. in all apps. - Yes-Preferred access point - My access point-Personal config. sett.--MEdia Net-Account Name - MEdia Net-Server address - [...]-Use pref access point - No---Access point settings-Proxy - Enabled-Proxy address - [...]-Proxy port - 80----Bearer settings-Packet data acc. pt. - wap.cingular-Network type - IPv4-Authentication type - Secure-User name - (leave blank)-Password - (leave blank)

This item was purchased for someone who had a similar one years ago and wanted one just like it again. It is an upgraded version and the person is very pleased with the phone.

I'm a Nokia fan & I bought this phone for my partner. Within a month, she was complaining that the glass screen had become loose. I am disappointed 'cos I have never associated Nokia with poor manufacturing standards.

A very good cell phone for calling and text messaging with a good camera. The battery life is good but not as strong as describe ,especially if you play games. If you are looking for a good cell phone with simple features I will recommend this device to you.

i don't like this phone, its wroste then ever.I Totally Waste My Money.Please Don't Buy This.Don't Waste Money.

This is small but packed with features. If you are looking for the something simple, high quality, and feature filled this is the one for you.

Early cell phone users, remember how you loved your Nokia phone? If you don't want a smartphone, maybe you're connected by many other devices in your life, or don't want the cost, this is the phone for you. I use this phone for voice and text and it is great!  It has the great build quality of a Nokia, with menus that are simple, logical and easy to use.  In addition, it easily fits into any pocket as it is truly compact and very light.  And as a bonus when I activated the phone at AT&T they gave me the sim card!  I look forward to using this phone in Europe.  It is great not to be tied to any cell phone plan and use the phone I want and pay only for what I use!!

It's a Nokia, so it's sturdy. I was disappointed to find that it had no Chinese character set in the system. Maybe you can find one online but installing would be a project. So it's a nice, simple phone and that's that. Battery life is much better than a smartphone, and the display is quite bright.

Nokia C2-01.5 Unlocked GSM Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Music and Video Player--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)  Got this for my Chinese SIM card. It arrived on time and works well.

A good choice for an unlocked phone.  Not a smart phone but provideds access to web, email twitter and can have almost the same usability.  Gets four days out of a charge

I purchased this phone as an upgrade from another Nokia phone.  Within minutes of opening the box, I had installed the battery and AT&T; SIM card, and it was up and running.Nokia phones are great.  Excellent reception, solidly built, simple and intuitive controls -- if you're already a Nokia user, there will be no learning curve with going to this phone.  The C2-01 has everything that I loved about my past Nokia phones, but with the added benefits of a good camera and a passable music player.  Also, there are some other notable improvements over past models, like the inclusion of a micro USB port (that can charge the phone from your computer), and a built-in FM radio.You shouldn't buy this phone if you're primarily interested in taking pictures or playing music.  It is, first and foremost, a phone.  But the little 3.2 MP camera does take some pretty good snapshots, and it will preserve memories that you would otherwise have lost because you left your camera at home.The music player is good but not great.  With its 3.5 mm headphone jack, the C2-01 will probably work with your existing headphones.  Songs can be organized by artist, genre, playlist, etc., and even album art is displayed.  It also comes equipped with an equalizer.  The only negative is that the sound quality, in my opinion, is not as good as an iPod or other similar player.Finally, the C2-01 comes with an external port for a micro SD chip (i.e., no having to take the back off the phone to insert it).  With an 8 GB chip, it will hold a substantial music collection and leave room for lots of pictures.I highly recommend this product -- it offers a great deal of quality and functionality for $75.00.

Have had this phone a coupla months.  I use it just as a prepaid phone (tmobile). I don't even text.I don't want a data plan....own a laptop and have wifi, but don't need a phone for computer use though it would be nice.....but data is too expensive for this retiree.Has a long charge and the reception is great....I had a 15 buck motorola renew previously.UPDATE:  the phone texts well and I can even send pictures and all I have is T-Mobile prepaid Sim, which I love!torola renew and that had good reception too--had it for 3 years....so I don't know about the price for this....seems high to me, but everybody else calls it a cheap phone.I like it....the sim card was very easy to install.  Hope the phone lasts me a long time.....I llive in Michigan and am going to Miami for christmas....we'll see about the reception then....although I've called down there and it's alwaoys been good.

it has all that I want in a phone and I like that it is not tied to a phone company...I bought this one and got it and tried it out ... it worked so good I bought a second one right away for my wife.

I have always been a nokia fan and I ordered this item after seeing the features. When it arrived, was disappointed . Its made of cheap plastic and very flimsy.It is difficult to key in the number on this phone, forget about texting.The volume is low.The Camera resolution is not good . I earlier had a sony Ericson W760a with the same 3.1MP camera and the sony phone takes much better pics compared to this nokia. Its definitely not worth the money. will get better phones for the same price. Would not recommend this phone.

I wanted a phone that wasn't a smart phone, but at the same time wasn't dumber than my first phone I bought 15 years ago. Many of the non-smart phones available through my carrier are so simplified they are nearly useless. This one retains the ability to be customized to some extent, has things like multiple alarms and a calculator (the T-mobile phone I bought had none of this), and has a great battery life, good call quality, and a fairly decent camera on top of it. The only down side is the reception, which while very good, is not as great as my ancient LG phone had in some places. Texting can feel a little cramped in the beginning, but I was able to adapt surprisingly fast. I had a little trouble with receiving MMS but a quick trip to the T-mobile store sorted that out. No trouble using this overseas or switching providers when needed for basic call and txt functionality. Data can be a bit trickier but never something that the providers haven't been able to resolve. And really, this is not an iphone, this is a great solid phone from a few years ago, before the smart phone craze hit.

My wife always loved her old Nokia phone due to the strong basis functions. The phone works great as a phone and probably does multimedia great with other services. AT& T does not sell this phone and therefore does not support it. This phone with AT&T cannot receive or send pictures via multimedia which if I had know would not have purchased the phone. This is not Nokia's fault it is an AT&T problem.  Would gladly buy another Nokia phone if it would work with AT&T. My wife needed a low cost phone due to being outside her renewal period and we felt this would be a good solution. If you have AT&T service and want to send multimedia messages don't buy this phone.

My I-phone finally bit the dust (3G) when I dropped it one time too many, so I wanted an inexpensive, functional phone until I decide whether to buy another Smart Phone.  This phone works very well and fills all my requirements with one exception which falls into the "what were they thinking" category.  There is no way to reduce the volume of the ring externally.  One has to go into the menu and then settings to change the volume.  Call volume can be changed in the midst of a call, but changing the ring volume is not exactly easy to use if I want to silence my phone before entering a meeting or a movie.I would probably return the phone, but all other features, including the sound quality are so good that I will put up with this design glitch.

Great battery life, simple features for every practical use... this is one of the best of Nokia! It's size and weight is just right for me.

I bought this phone over a year ago and have never had even a minor problem with it. I chose this phone because it is:-compact-fit any pocket size-famous Nokia battery life-real buttons, no touchscreen-unlocked, works on any GSM network anywhere in the world-drop it, wet it- no problems- if you brake it- just get another oneI still believe that a phone should make calls first and do other thing second. If you need high quality phone to make calls anywhere in the world, from muddy forest to Europe to Asia, if you are not dependent on the Internet, if you don't have to impress anybody (in order to impress somebody get Nokia's upscale Vertu, $5000 for the cheapest one) you will like this phone.Bluetooth works perfect. Radio has decent reception although is not on par with real radios. Camera: very good picture quality/ very poor video quality. Microphone, speaker- great. Buttons- good size, easy to dial. Email- easy to use, I used it few times while traveling abroad. Internet- sorry, I've never used the phone to surf it. Battery life- you can charge it once a week.Negatives- the screen will be scratched if you don't protect it. I didn't but the phone still works :)If you are one who uses phones to make a statement C2 is perfect for you:&#34;Look I don't even have a smartphone!&#34;. Such a statement is even more powerful if you make it while sitting behind the wheel of $50k car :)

Great candy bar phone and works with the GSM carrier SIM I chose.  A bit on the pricy side, however, it still looks like one of the best in class

I needed a sturdy normal phone because I don't have a data contract with t-mobile, and this guy fitted perfectly: I just needed to slide in the sim card and everything ran smoothly. The only configuration I needed to input was the one for the multimedia messages that I've found on internet.It's working from 3 days, and one day in a place with almost no signal, and the battery shows more than half full while with my old HTC Diamond, with large battery, I couldn't arrive at half of the second day.The phone is arrived in a sealed box in really no time at all, so I am more than happy with this purchase.

Pros:Size - slim and small which is what I was looking for.Looks - nice black with chrome trim.  Flat gray back.Battery life - lasted 16 days on first charge with little use.Screen - nice and vibrant, easy on the eyes.Cons:Call quality - sounds a bit muffled and dull, but is not unbearable by any means.Rare model - so very few accessories like screen protectors, skins, etc. (I'm in the US)Poor FM receptionSupplied Nokia headphones do not fit - they will go in the hole if forced, but a buzzing noise is heard.  You must wiggle them in and out to find that perfect fit to get rid of the buzzing noise.  Tried two other pair in addition to the ones that came with the phone - all were hard to insert and did not work properly.Video quality - very, very bad.  Probably to be expected with this type phone.  The video looks ok on the phone but if you watch on a computer, it looks absolutely horrible with slow fps and smeared colors.Delicate - see update below.  Damaged on first drop.Camera quality I will rate a 3 out of 10.  It works but you have to keep them small on a pc or it's just too grainy and choppy to look at.The phone does what it needs to do - and if I didn't pay Eighty bucks for it I probably would not have taken the time to complain.UPDATE:  first drop resulted in screen losing several hundred pixels.  They form the shape of several ovals on the screen of missing pixels.  I found a replacement screen for $20.

I was dissappointed  in the cell phone as the FM radio feature requires the use of a Nokia headphone.Some cell phones of Nokia's competitors do not require the use of headphones. Amazon website did not state that the FM radio feature required the use of headphone, so I had assumed that it did not.  I did not return the item to  Amazon because i had already left for overseas when I realized that a headphone would be required. Amazon/Nokia should not omit such detailsfromtheir product description.

I use this phone when i am in China is great easy to use and fits in your pocket.I recomend this product.

I got this phone for my mom. All she needed is a very basic phone for emergency call. She prefer button instead of touch screen. I wish the screen can be an inch bigger.

Nokia C2-01 Unlocked GSM cell phone (Quad-band and 3G)I was looking for an unlocked quad-band GSM cell phone for use while traveling abroad. The C2-01 is priced the same as some of Nokia's other smartphones that had a full keyboard (Blackberry style) but the C2-01 was the only one in-stock at the time. I wasn't expecting a whole lot after reading numerous reviews of other unlocked cellphones purchased via Amazon that yielded used/refurbished phones or phones that weren't unlocked.I was pleasantly surprised when the package arrived and my C2-01 was brand spanking new from the factory, complete with a NOKIA factory seal on the box. The battery was new, and the phone was in excellent condition. I was up and running within minutes, and fully charged the battery. I threw in a SIM card from another AT&T; phone and it was immediately working, no PIN or unlock requests, nothing. It immediately recognized the AT&T; SIM card and logged onto the network. I was unable to use the Internet or browse websites though, since I couldn't figure out how to change the access points properly. Even if I figured out how to access the internet, the C2-01 is ill-suited for browsing. The keypad is circa-2001 and the screen is circa-2001. It is very easy to use for phone calls and text messages (albeit slow due to the keypad design), and has MP3 audio capabilities.The micro-USB port allows you to charge the phone as well as access data. The AC adapter works in 120V AC and 240V AC outlets. A SIM card from China Unicom was inserted into the phone while in China, and it immediately recognized the carrier and changed the language to Chinese. The text and menu were in Chinese, this is great if you can read the language while traveling. But this is not so great when you can't read Chinese and just wanted a local prepaid SIM card to use while visiting! However, the simplicity and ease of use made the C2-01 truly worthwhile as a travel phone. The fact it can be used anywhere in the world (quad-band GSM and international 3G) makes it extremely versatile. The long battery life and simple interface for making/receiving phone calls are just icing on the cake!Overall: 4/5 stars. Antiquated keypad and tiny non-touch screen remind me of the late 1990s/early 2000s Nokia cellphones. The saving grace: long battery life, and automatic recognition of prepaid SIM cards makes for a perfect travel phone that can be used almost anywhere in the world.UPDATE: I figured out how to set it up for Internet access and as I suspected, the interface is ill-suited for web browsing let alone modern apps.

I bought this phone as a replacement for a lost phone. It does function very well for somebody who just needs a basic phone to make and receive calls. The phone is very light and feels flimsy. It was dropped once (from about 3-4 ft) and the LCD has permanent damage on it.

I ordered this for a friend,I started to charge it and receive a message saying"charger is not supported", i decide to use the micro usb cable,because i knew it can be charged this way,the same message pop up on the phone,so my only conclusion,the phone is defective."Amazon Verified Purchase,"

Phone is relatively simple to use and set up.  Works fine with our European sim cards. No problems with the phone out of the box.

this phone is quite amazing with the built-in FM radio (good reception) and full blown MP3 player with equalizer. also plays videos. i also checked out that it accepts 32GB micro SD card - that is really very good.also allows to play music over bluetooth ( i did not check this one)the speaker phone and voice quality are really good (nice to listen to radio or MP3 without headset.so if you do not need a smart phone this one is a very good alternative.it is slightly bigger than the C1-02. also the C1-02 has a nice soft feel on the plastic but the C2-01.5 is clearly more powerful and costs about 2x

it's a european phone.  So if you wanna use it in the states, you won't be able to send or receive picture messages.  At least that was the case on AT&T.;I wouldn't have gotten it if I'd known this would be the case.

I returned the two phones because my wife and I decided they were not smart enough.  This is not a complaint as the phones were exactly as advertised.

great phoneis like putting an old shoe .... strong, comfortable, reliable, useful, does not fail. What more is wanted from a phone?

Good price for the value..clear and strong.. keyboard a bit small for texting..easy prompts but too many for some functions

Short of being a full blown smart phone, this little gem has it all; phone, text messaging, links up to personal e-mail, good camera and it's easy to negotiate it's menu.  I bought a prepaid SIM card for TIM in Italy, installed it and all the functions were up and running in a short time.  It's small, lightweight, easy to use and a real value, certainly a lot less expensive than paying for overseas roaming on a US based carrier.

Not sure if or why this phone does not work on ATT network. I called ATT support and we tried several things but the phone would not connect to the ATT network to register the SIM card. SIM card worked fine on another unlocked Nokia phone. Don't know if the phone they sent me was bad or if this phone is just not good.

Phone works great, but it doesn't receive or send multimedia texts, so I'm getting alot of text messages from friends that I cannot retrieve.

I bought this phone over 2yrs now I live in the #Caribbean, I never had a problem with the purchase, it works really great, I thought buy now it would have started to malfunction but it hasn't, I bought it for my hubby and he is in need of and upgrade yes it is gonna be another NOKIA... SO LET'S TALK ABOUT THE PHONE THE CAMERA IS CRYSTAL CLEAR, THE PHONE WORKS GREAT IT NEVER STICKS, IT HAS NO WI-FI THE BLUETOOTH WORKS REALLY GREAT, THE PACKAGING WAS AWESOME.... I DO RECOMMEND THIS PHONE FROM THIS DISTRIBUTOR. 5STARS FOR U... BOTH PHONE AND DISTRIBUTOR.

I am very satisfied with this phone it was a good price and saved me from having to renew a contract with my provider for a year just to replace my old worn out phone. All I had to do was take the SIM card out of the old phone and put into the new phone and charge the battery and I was good to go. I don't need all the features on the new phone but for the price I couldn't go wrong.

...and this one is no exception. If you are looking for a phone but do not care for internet use or apps, this is a sturdy one with good battery life and build quality. It does have 3G, a web browser, music player, 16GB microSD slot (card not included), and a camera. All are usable and entirely capable, however the experience is obviously lacking compared to more expensive (smart)phones. The phone has Ovi maps although no GPS built in. Basically one can carry a map database of the entire world (on a microSD card), although location cannot be determined automatically.Physically, it is pleasant to hold and push the buttons. The screen is not touch. This is a great phone for those who don't need advanced features but still want an aesthetically pleasing and durable device that works everywhere.

so i too had the issue with MMS setting up on my phone...look around and found (see below) all the settings for the phone. one thing i'll say and the at&t; rep at the store forgot was the last step...options activate. i would say also, turn the phone off, wait 30 sec and then on again. should be all set. PS I got two of these phones and did it to both of them right in the store with the at&t; rep watching. he asked if i wanted a job. sorry i just follow directions better is all ; )happy mms'ingMultimedia MessagingMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name: AT&T; MMSServer address: [...]Use pref. Access pt: NoAccess point settings- Proxy: enabled- Proxy address: wireless.cingular.com- Proxy port: 80Bearer settings- Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingular- Network type: IPv4- Authentication type: Normal- User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all capital letters)- Password: CINGULAR1 (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name: Media NetHomepage: [...]User name: leave blankPassword: leave blankUse pref. Access pt: NoAccess point settings- Proxy: enabled- Proxy address: wireless.cingular.com- Proxy port: 80Bearer settings- Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingular- Network type: IPv4- Authentication type: Normal- User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all capital letters)- Password: CINGULAR1 (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > Activate

Great phone, simple to use, has very long talk & standby batteries. The Noxia site is very useful to download music, apps, etc,

The Nokia C2-01.5 is a pretty basic phone when compared to the plethora of smart phones on the market. It's also quite good as a basic phone.Cons: The interface is simplistic, and lacking in many regards. It's not a good phone for frequently sending text messages, though I don't use it for texts so that wasn't a concern. It's a bit too light weight and small, and slippery to hold. Importing contacts was a bit annoying, and I ended up importing them into Outlook to mate with the Nokia software, but it does sync with Outlook for calendar and contacts as well as with some free email software options. There's no wifi, though I doubt many people will be using this phone for surfing the web, but that means the 3G is mostly useless because if you wanted to pay $30 a month for a data plan you probably wouldn't be looking at this phone.Pros: It gets a solid signal. My connection is better now than possibly any phone I've used on Verizon or ATT, including the iphone 3gs, blackberry bold 9000, and droid x(1). It's clear enough for voice, especially considering the price point, but nothing to brag about. It's international ready, and works very well for me on ATT. Bluetooth connects quickly. Battery life is exceptional compared to a smart phone and many basic phones of past; you will immediately notice that you're free of carrying around a charger all day if you use it as just a phone. The price is fair. It can be charged off a USB (not included) or wall charger, and accepts a micro-SD card if you need the storage. It uses a standard headphone jack for audio, including FM radio, so there's no need to have a proprietary connector. It can sync to a computer using bluetooth.Overall: If you're looking to use this phone for the 3g data, you'll probably be disappointed. It would be better to purchase a used smartphone of ebay/craigslist. If you text a lot, this is probably not the phone for you. If you're looking for a phone to be used as a phone, this is an excellent option. It's inexpensive, it's internationally ready, it gets a good signal, and it has good battery life. I would use some sort of a rubberized case if you expect it to get banged around or it might slip out of your hand frequently; it's a bit awkward to hold because of the size and shape.

I was looking for a cheap phone with bluetooth and which works in the US and in Europe. This was the cheapest I could find (without doing a proper research, I admit). The 3G feature makes only sense in countries where you get cheap (email-only/slow) data plans. If you spent 50 bucks a month for a data plan, obviously buy a proper smartphone.  The phone has a classic, nice look, but feels a little bit cheap-it's all plastic. You probably can't expect more for 80$. Good thing is, this makes it a very lightweight phone.The software is the result of a weird and long evolution. For example, you have at least 5 different places for shortcuts and menus (the normal menu, a short-cut bar, the home screen, the go-to menu, and you can put functions on the left- and right-button). All of these can be reconfigured, which means once you get used to it, you can access every commonly used feature with at most 2 clicks. The standard NOKIA theme is ugly, but the phone ships with an elegant dark theme. So far, it sometimes crashed while gaming, but otherwise it seems to be quite stable.  The games (Sudoku, a brain training thing, something like Tetris and a neat game of skill where you build skyscrapers) are not too exciting, so not really an issue. The phone is much faster than I was used to (had a 5+ year old NOKIA) and things happen almost instantly, except starting apps.Someone complained that synchronizing does not work with Mac OS, but  just google it, you can create an iSync plugin very easily (address book and calendar work nicely).  So overall, solid phone for everybody with a prepaid SIM card and without a data plan. If I could, I would trade the 3G and the camera for a better and thinner case. That phone would have gotten 5 stars easily.

The recipient of the phone, truly is in love with the product.  This is the second time he's had the brand in less than a year - the first one worked like a charm, but unfortunately was stolen.  It's a great buy for the features, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone interested in a small, versatile phone.

Bought this phone for my Aunt who is over 70. This phone allows her to make calls,  text and take pictures which are her main needs. Great phone at an economical price.

Like that it is unlocked & easy for us older ones to use & we could use it for our AT&T; plan.The 2 things you NEED to know though.  # 1-You have to set it to ran the internet.  It was easy for my 25 year old. He told me what to do.  Where I went wrong was ask AT&T; to help. I went through 3 people trying to set it up, and they said IT WOULD NOT work on AT&T.;  And chewed me out for buying from someone else!  Do NOT call your phone company to get it set up.! It was easy and they could not or would not help.# 2-The Car Charger (CLA) for Nokia  is not in this box.  This is where I got mine  [...]  .They do have it here though http://www.amazon.com/Rapid-Charger-Nokia-2865I-VI3155/dp/B002AQX9T6/ref=sr_1_10?ie=UTF8&qid;=1365509935&sr;=8-10&keywords;=cell+phone+car+chargers+Nokia

compre este tel&eacute;fono liberado para un regalo, es excelente, acepta cualquier linea aqu&iacute; en Venezuela, digitel, movilnet, incluso trabaja 3g con movistar. buena c&aacute;mara, f&aacute;cil manejo, dise&ntilde;o agradable, botones r&aacute;pidos a redes sociales, le coloque una SD de 4GB pero aguanta hasta 16GB, me recuerda este tel&eacute;fono al cl&aacute;sico 6276 Nokia, pero con tecnolog&iacute;a de punta, funciona con mensajer&iacute;a express OVI.... lo recomiendo.

Good replacement for my Nokia 2700, which stopped working. Almost the same phone, therefore easy to use immediately. The only flaw is a very poor display of signal strength, charge level, time of day--all very tiny and bunched at the top of the screen, and no setting that allows changing the visual format.

I like the phone very much! Great basic; will do all I want but not too much. I can handle this one!Thanks

I bought this phone and I had to return it because of the battery!!!! The battery needs charging after every 7-9 hours I have never a Nokia like this since Nokia started selling phones. I ordered this one here in Houston, Texas and I have one simple Nokia phones that I bought in dar es Salaam Tanzania, Yes in Africa, that is far far better phone than this!!! So Nokia if you read this work on improving the battery otherwise the phone is real good. I replaced it with Nokia Asha 300 and the batter hold the charge for at least 2 days before recharging. This what we expect from Nokia.

This phone was just what I was looking for.  A basic phone that could also play music.  The screen was smallish but clear and bright.  The phone had a good solid feel and sharp looks in spite of some plastic parts.  It was easy to navigate through the functions.  I got this in the US and then took it with me in Sri Lanka where I now live.  I dropped in a local sim card and was making calls within a minute.  No adjustments needed.  I did turn off 3G mode as I do not have a data plan in SL and I think 2g mode uses less juice.  Data plans are offered and I presume this phone would work with them, as it has 3G.  I just don't need that nowWhat was great was when I connected it to my computer to install music into the 16gb microSD card that I also purchased, windows media player quickly recognized it and allowed me to drag and drop music files within windows media player.  It synced quickly and I was out the door with a full set of music.  Best of all, I did not have to use iTunes, which is so cumbersome by comparison.So...great simple candybar phone that sounds clear and has extra functions if you need them.  In 2g mode battery lasts for days.  Sadly someone recently stole it from me in Delhi so now I'm back to my 5 year old Motorola, which still works like new.

does this phone have Arabic languge ?? I need to know so I can buy it or not..Please someone respond fast.

This phone has been good for my very simple needs.It's small and light and holds a long charge.I don't use it for anything other than calls and texting.The screen is too small for emails for my tastes.If you're looking for a simple unlocked phone, this is a good choice.

I needed a basic unblocked cellular phone for communication while traveling through Italy and this phone worked beautifully!!! I bought a SIM in Italy and was able to communicate with friends and family in Europe as well as in the United States. Reception was super clear, battery charge lasted a substantial amount of time, and I was able to take photos to send to family members. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a basic phone at a reasonable price.

Bought this phone for a relative. still has it since jan 2012. still work great, have no issues and very fast enough. as for the camera it takes decent pictures during day. but at night u need a well lite area. Also like the quick apps on the screen that you can customize. recommend this economic phone to anyone. who is not look for a expensive phone.

This is a basic phone just what I wanted,with a few bells and whistlessuch as a camera FM radio that is not too complicated to use.

I ordered this phone for my wife to use, she didn't want voice mail, email or texting. The sound quality is great and the phone is easy for her to use.

The unit has worked very well in both Chinaand in France. You might want to getthe dual sim version which this is not.

this phone is really great because it has the best reception in ALL OVER Costa rica, when other phones dont have.you just plug in the sim card and it works perfectly.I am very happy to have purchased this phone. the camara is perfect easy to use.

the screen is very small as the size of the letters, even in the larger option, making it difficult to read. Is a phone for young

i like a phone that calls people, with no need for interent or texting or anything else really, this phone is great.i always have more bars than my girlfriends iphone :)

hello i just ordered this phone and i wanted to know if its possible for you to send it as an used or personal item i will appreciate it.. thanks

So, this phone is NOT an AT&T; phone.  I bought it on Amazon.com for under $100.  At any rate, it boasts internet connectivity, email, app store, MMS, etc.  However, since it's not an AT&T; phone, it does not come pre-configured to connect to the AT&T; network for using these services.SO, HERE ARE THE THREE STEPS REQUIRED TO GET THIS PHONE GOING:Two of the Steps are configuring Access points, found under:Menu > Settings > Configuration > Personal config. sett. > Options > Add New >I will refer to the path above, as AP_HOME.1.  Configure Web Access PointGo to AP_HOME and choose Web and set it up as followsAccount name:  MediaNet (or whatever you want it to be)User name: (blank)Password: (blank)Use pref. access pt [Yes/No] (no)[If No] Access point settings -Proxy [Disabled/Enabled] Enabled-[If Enabled] Proxy Address wireless.cingular.com-[If Enabled] Proxy Port 80-Data bearer [Packet data/GSM data] Packet data -Bearer settings Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingularNetwork type [IPv4/IPv6] IPv4Authenticiation type [Normal/Secure] NormalUser name: (none)Password: (none)2.  Configure the MMS Access PointGo to AP_HOME and choose Multimedia msg.Account name: MMS (or whatever you want)Server address: http://mmsc.cingular.comUse pref. access pt [Yes/No] No[If No] Access point settings-Proxy [Disabled/Enabled] Enabled-[If Enabled] Proxy Address wireless.cingular.com-[If Enabled] Proxy Port 80-Bearer settingsPacket data acc. pt: wap.cingularNetwork type [IPv4/IPv6] IPv4Authenticiation type [Normal/Secure] NormalUser name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all caps)Password: CINGULAR1 (all caps)3.  Set the default Access PointTo do this follow this pathMenu > Settings > ConfigurationIn configuration, choose Default config. sett.Choose "Personal config" and the middle button will now say "Details," so click the middle button.The middle button will now say "Default," click the middle button again.Congratulations, we just used the internet to solve a problem.

Compact phone with good battery life, both in use and in standby. Voice quality is about average for cell phones these days.

I had been wanting to downgrade from a smart phone to a dumb phone for some time. My iPhone 3GS had been dropped on its head one too many times and I knew it was not long for this world. Not wanting to have it die on me and be rushed in to a purchase (my cell is my only phone), I decided to research some simple phones and found that this one got the best reviews on many sites when compared to others in this price range. Where I live I only get good reception from AT&T; and I wanted a pre-paid plan. Most if not all of the GoPhones (while cheaper) got poor reviews for sound quality and construction. Mind you, I was just wanting a phone to talk on and I did not plan to text, check email, or use any type of data at all, so this was a good choice for me. I have read that folks who want to use the data features have run into trouble when trying to connect, but I can not speak personally on this issue.I have only had it for about a three days, but so far, so good. To get it up and running I charged it, took the sim out of the iPhone, and put it in the Nokia. I immediately got a signal and all I had to do was spend a frustrating hour on the phone with AT&T; migrating to a pre-paid plan (my choice- I could have just dropped the data plan and kept my post-paid acct, obviously).  Since that first charge the battery icon shows only one less "bar" than full, and I have had it on the entire time. I like the look, size, and feel of the phone. The sound quality is good and I find the user interface simple to navigate.  It came with plenty of ring tones and the simple one I chose is nice and loud so if I leave it on the table near a window I can hear it when I'm out working in the yard. Someone else mentioned that there is no dedicated button for volume control, but I knew that ahead of time and I have not found it to be a problem. It's just a few key presses to put it in "silent" mode for theatres, meetings and such, so no worries.I will say that when I tried to copy my contacts from sim to phone, it said my sim was empty. I don't honestly know if this was because the contacts data was in some smart-phoney format that my new dumb phone could not read, but I really don't care all that much. I had actually begun to worry that I didn't memorize anyone's phone number anymore because all I ever had to do was touch their name... I had gotten very iLazy. Indeed-- when asked recently I could not recite my own son's phone number! I consider that I am doing my brain a favor. Of course I could enter them manually, and it is possible to sync contacts, music, etc via Windows (or Mac with an iSync plug in) but I have not tried this and am not likely to any time soon. My old iPhone is now my new iPod touch that stores all my music as it always has, and I have gone back to memorizing phone numbers (starting with my son's).In conclusion, if you are looking for just a phone without a lot of bells and whistles, I recommend this device.

Great phone. The only problem was setting up the MMS configuration for AT&T.; Here is what worked for me.Menu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Config Sett. > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name: AT&T; MMSServer address: [...]Use pref. Access pt: NoAccess point settings- Proxy: enabled- Proxy address: wireless.cingular.com- Proxy port: 80Bearer settings- Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingular- Network type: IPv4- Authentication type: Normal- User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all capital letters)- Password: CINGULAR1 (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Config Sett. > Options > Activate

It is a very good phone for a lady. It is small and has camera, slick design. For my hands it is too small. The reception is not that great and often the phone will loose signal whereas the older Nokia I use just holds on to the signal. Because of this I took one star off. If you want good small unlocked phone and have good signal where you live, this is the phone for you. I use it with the microSD card. Battery life is not as good as my old Nokia, but it uses the same battery. I wonder why the batter life is not as good as with the older phone and the reception is worse. Could it be the operating system?

I like this phone. I have been a pre-paid user for some time because of the low cost (approx. $12/month or so). My last phone finally died and so I purchased this unlocked phone from Amazon (Their delivery was terririfc). I was able to start using the phone right away and to my surprise it has a radio built in which is a great bonus. I was able to listen to my favorite radio station as I went to lunch today. My last phone had a touch screen that didn't work too well so I am loving this phone, navigation and entry is handled via keys on the phone - yeah!It handles a mini SD card and can do alarms, voice recording and has a 3.2 Mega Pixel camera on board. It also has a loudspeaker.All in all just a great phone so far. From what I've read the battery life is very good, we'll see but I'm sure it will be as good or better than my previous phone which was an LG phone (GD510 I believe). I am not a smart-phone user because I have an iPad and the cost of the service for a smart phone is too much for my taste.I took a star off because I found it difficult to remove the back, the power connector is a little flimsy and it's not obvious to me yet how to turn down the beeps and sounds. I know I am supposed to use the joystick control for volume but it doesn't always work. Also, I'm not sure if I can load songs from my PC yet.

I wish people didn't assume everyone wants a smart phone.  This is a good phone, simple, light and has more than I need.

I wanted a basic phone for the purpose of being able to make calls. I have found that the battery lasts for days before needing a charge. Have been able to access cell service in many rural areas with this phone that I had no access to with a prior phone. Call volume is excellent. It was unlocked and I had no problems with my AT&T; account or service after inserting my SIM card.I would highly recommend this phone to those in search of something other than a smartphone.Doc, from Ohio

Bought this phone to replace an older Nokia phone. So far the phone works great and it's easy to use.

First phone arrived with the screen ever so slightly tilted to right. Not noticeable until the phone was turned on. The second phone I received was much worse so tilted whole portions of the screen were unviewable. Both phones I returned to amazon with no problem which. I thank them for. I feel the problem is with the manufacturer and not amazon or the shipping company. Stuck with a case for this phone that I may never use still considering ordering yet another phone hoping that it was just a bad batch.

This phone is so small, it could get lost in my palm!  LOL  We were not able to use the phone so we sent it back and ordered another one.  I have always loved Nokia, and I am sure it is a good phone for someone who like very small phones.

great for those that don't have much to do with phone. good for texting and making calls. I didn't check the internet before I sent it to Nigeria for old folks lol.

I was looking to replace a previous nokia candybar phone, and discovered this one. Charged it up and put in the sim card, the display is nice for the size, the hand set speakers works well, and the microphone can pick-up really well. Nothing fancy just a good upgrade for a phone that was a few years old.

Firstly there's no place like amazon. This phone is perfect for the none gadget person yet it has a lot of interesting features. I love it

Perfect phone to use with Telestials International Phone Card.  See my review of cheap extra batteries that will allow you to never need to recharge while travelling ....just pop in a new battery!  (obviously you need to charge them up before your trip)

I've found the C-2 to be an excellent value. The phone fulfills my needs quite well. Just drop in the sim, charge up the battery and go. I live in a rural area and have found the reception to be great. The only criticism would be the small size and tiny buttons might make it a poor choice for the ham fisted.
