
i have had this phone for less than a year and have already had to contact the company for a replacement which still doesnt work right it freezes all the time and sometimes doesnt download things properly i really dont like this phone at all it looks nice and has many cool features like fm radio and mp3 but if it doesnt work properly whats the point

I was looking for an emergency phone to throw in my BOB that had a MP3 player, FM radio, voice recorder, flashlight (lantern) and camera as well as the ability to call 911 in an emergency. I also wanted it to have a standardized charger so I wouldn't have to lug any extra cables around. Here's hoping I'll never have to use it, I'll just throw this in my bag and forget it's there.This is a rather &#34;old&#34; phone in the world of cell phones. But if you needed something as a backup or a phone for a child or a person who needs a phone just in case, it's a nice phone, and at under $7 the price is great.MP3 player: Haven't used it yet, but it will accept up to a 2GB Micro SD card. Few hundred songs at the most.Camera: Better than VGA, but at 1.3 megapixels don't expect much.FM Radio: Surprisingly nice. You do need to plug in headphones to make it work (They function as the antenna). But once you have the headphones in, you can set it to play through the speakerphone. I haven't listened to FM radio in years thanks to Sirius and Pandora but the few minutes I played around with it I was pleasantly surprised with the reception and clarity.Voice recorder: Works as you'd imagine.Flashlight; What they call a lantern is actually just the screen of the phone turning white. Might help you find your keys in the dark, or serve as &#34;something&#34; in an emergency but it wont light your way down a path or anything like that.I didn't experience any SIM card issues as others have noted, but I didn't try to activate it either. If I keep it charged it'll dial 911 in an emergency and that's what I need.I deducted a star because the back was very hard to get on. Might be just my phone, but I've had dozens of cell phones through the years so I do know how to pop the cover on the back, but this one would just not go on. I eventually got it on, but I am dreading if I ever have to remove it again.

I purchased 2 phones from Sold by: shopcelldeals both working thanks. Great product.just cant set the time but trying

I had the same SIM card issue mentioned in some of the lower reviews.  They didn't need to send me another SIM card though.  I just had to call their CS department several times to get them to map the SIM that actually came in it and I was good to go.  Inconvenient but not impossible.The phone itself works moderately well.  The lock function is rather annoying because it's unlocked with two keypresses which can still happen in your pocket.  Also, the browser button is on the front page so if you don't lock it pray you don't use all your minutes up bouncing in and out of "Browser."  Other than that, functionality-wise it's ok.  Please note, the USB charging port, while a standard plug, is not the Micro-B that is so common now a days but rather the Mini-B plug that was common (for the most part) a decade or so ago.  They're easy to find but this could be an inconvenience if you were hoping to share chargers.The issues above are only mere inconveniences.  The biggest problem I have with the phone is that for something with the claimed battery life it has, it amazes me how quickly the phone dies.  Maybe I just got a faulty battery but it drains as fast as my Optimus Android handset and that's with everything (including Bluetooth) turned off.  How is it possible you ask that a phone with an alleged 8hrs of talktime dies in about 8hrs without being used?  If it isn't a faulty battery I'd love to know how the heck to fix it.  That said, for sub $7 I can't throw too many stones and it already appears better than the LG it replaced.

Great basic phone!Great value for the price. Good custumer servicePurchase phone for my daughter as her first phone.

I used NET10 phones in Florida with good experiences (owned two phones) a few years ago. However, this Motorola phone I purchased through Amazon does not even activate as the other reviewer noted. It displays incorrect SIM card. I called the customer service after online activation failure and tried to activate it with an agent for an hour to no avail. I already purchased a plan and the NET10 customer service representative told(lied to) me that they will refund for my plan if I try it one more time after a few hours. I triple-checked with the agent that she will leave the detailed comments regarding this so I can get a refund quickly.I took it to my workplace, home and mall in this area but gues what? None of the places seem to have any coverages at all to activate this phone. So I called the customer service again and I was told they do not have any conversation record (Duh!) and I could not get a refund as they can try to send a new SIM card and activate it! Horrible waste of time and money. I am in process of refunding for this phone from Amazon but I am also disappointed with NET10 service. If they don't have coverage here (not a small city) and their phone does not work, why not refund? Also, if incorrect SIM card problem is present so frequently, what was NET10 doing?I honestly think NET10 should close the business and hope Amazon does not have any phones available in the market list so there are no more victims. Besides, some of their customer service agents are very rude and difficult. All of their service agents are from overseas call center so I did not expect much quality but they were some of the worst I experieced. I wish there is a website that lists the companies that do not use overseas call center. If I knew the service agents were this bad, I would have simplely given up getting my money back.Last word, Motorola, please insert a correct SIM! I purchased another feature phone from other brand with other service company after this and it is much better experience, including the feel, display and of course a CORRECT SIM card.

I was very surprised that this phone is not holding a charge, and I only bought it in August.  I bought it because it was the same style I had previously had, and that phone lasted a couple of years!  6 months is a very short time, feel like it should have lasted longer than that.

The nonslip are not really notslip.im constanly sliding in those at work.not very impressed overall.the shoes don't work.not worth it.

packaged great, very satisfied with the product.  Needed for a mission trip to Liberia, will work great!!!! loved the price :)

THE PHONE IS GOOD, IT WORKING FINE, I DON NOT HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH IT HIS PRICE IS OKAY FOR US, DELIVERED TO US AFTER 5DAYS FROM THE PURCHASE DATE.

This is an excellent option n cell phones! Great phone great serviceI am very happy with this choice from amazon.

well it was a very good purchase for the price,but as other reviewers,sim card was defective,before i knew  about this i activated and ported my number to net 10 over their website,and the activation was sucessfully,what the hell, now Iam desperately trying to port my number back to my old company,when i called net10 they told me to send in a new sim card and i said forget about it,i can't wait that long since i use my cell phone number for bussiness.please buyers be aware the sim card in this cellphones are defective or not working in the cell .i lost my $ 50 unlimited service card i bought from them, since they don't refund.now the most important thing to me is recover my cell number.what the hell

My husband lost his Net 10 phone.  We don't need anything fancy and this phone is perfect; coverage and cost can't be beat.  However, it took me four multiple hour sessions with Net 10's technical people to get it operational.  In their defense, I wanted to switch my Net 10 phone number to the new phone and have my husband's lost phone number switched to my phone.  Instead of telling me they technically couldn't do this, they wasted over a month of my time and we were without the use of the newly purchased phone.  Still in the  process of calming down.

It is an okay phone for the price I paid for it.  It works as advertised and I don't know if I would buy it again or not.

I bought this for my son and he loved it till it would not change anymore. Still 79 unused minutes on the phone!

It is just a phone and not much of one so far.  Other phones on the same network do better at being able to recieve and call and I have little confedence in it.

Good burner/temp phone.  We got this while our regular phone was in for warranty repair.  The only problem was that it won't activate with current Net10 SIMS, and if you port your number to this phone, you'll need a new SIM if you try to port your number back to another phone (as the first SIM is permanently deactivated).

I was looking for a cheap phone, and I was pleasantly surprised with the durability of this one.  I have managed to drop it many times and it still works perfectly fine very little damage. Not only does it work well and has a nice battery life, it never dropped any calls.

I purchased 3 of these for my niece's and they are great working first time cell phones. I would recommend these for kids.

Got it for my son and it stoped working in a week so he is with out a phone intell I think of what to do

Wrong product....No I needed a Pay-lo phone and ended up with an open box I couldn't return item from another company....and the features are not well designed unfortunately. It is a Beta phone, but it is still fonctional, you can use it, it was just not the right company for to transfer my phone number.

The phone was Cheap and the phone works great! I cant believe the quality of the phone when I got it and net 10 works great!

I purchased this phone for my 9yr old sister I didn't want to add her to my phone line just yet it's great if your showing ur kids how to be responsible and taking care or things this phone is awesome

For $5 I got a Bluetooth phone, camera, and a IPod (all in one) and everything works great.  Since I got it I saw the price is up around $8, this is still a steal!!!

I bought this phone from Target after I inadvertently cracked the LCD screen on my LG 300. This phone has some very nice features: Bluetooth, Digital Camera (1.3 Megapixels), microSD Card Slot, MP3 Player, and FM Radio. It also has a Browser, but you can only access the Net10 site with it; access to all other sites are restricted.I'll briefly touch on each of these and other features:- BluetoothThe bluetooth works surprisingly well. I can connect the phone to my iPAQ 111 Pocket PC using bluetooth for transferring files between the units. I also have no trouble connecting the phone to my Garmin Nuvi 360 GPS unit and my Plantronics Headset. Once my Nuvi is connected to the phone, I can use the Nuvi as a speaker phone. I can also use the Nuvi to dial and receive phone calls. SWEEeeet!- Digital CameraThe quality of the picture taken with the 1.3-megapixel camera is pretty good. Each JPEG file is typically less than 100 Kb.- microSD Card SlotThe microSD slot will only read a microSD card (2 GB or less), not a microSDHC (microSD, High Capacity - 4 GB or more). If you insert a microSDHC card, you will get the message: Please remove card and insert again.- MP3 PlayerThe sound quality through my Sony earphones is decent enough. The MP3 player, unfortunately, doesn't have an equalizer.- FM RadioThe FM Radio reception is as good as any portable radio. Since your earphones function as an antenna, the FM Radio won't work unless you have your earphones plugged in.- BrowserInternet access is restricted to only the Net10 Web site. (Interestingly, some people reportedly have full (unrestricted) Internet access on the browser.) I tried a few URL's (e.g. google) but each time I got the error message: HTTP error - forbidden.The Net10 Web site has links for Sports, Weather, and News. The page loads are excruciatingly slow! It can take a few minutes for a page to load, if at all. Sometimes, the page just hangs. You would have to be pretty desperate to want to use the browser!- e-mailI tried to e-mail an attachment a couple of times but had no success with it. 3.5 minutes (1 minute standard rate + 2.5 minutes e-mailing rate) were deducted from my account on _each_ attempt, even though the e-mail failed to get through! The error message: Sending failed: Connection error.o Miscellaneous FeaturesThe phone has all the "standard" features that come with most cell phones: polyphonic ring tones, games (e.g. Need For Speed - Carbon), and tools (e.g. calculator and alarm clock).o UsabilityService: The standby battery life is about 2 to 3 days. Cell phone reception from the Net10 service is decent enough (Net10 actually uses the AT&T; network). It comes with 300 minutes of free airtime (a 30-d0llar value).Volume Control: I really like the volume control buttons on the left side of the phone. You can quickly set the phone to Silent, Vibrate, or one of seven volume levels without having to wade through the menus.Form: The phone is very compact. It is the same size as the LG 300.---The biggest gripe I have about the phone is the crippled browser. Other than that, I don't really have very much else to complain about it. For me, an absolute must-have on a phone is bluetooth - and this feature works flawlessly on the EM 326g. Overall, I'm quite happy with it. For the price, it's really not a bad deal. If you're looking for a prepaid phone, this one's definitely worth consideration.

I chose a 5 star rating because all I need is a simple phone just to talk and tex on.Works great and I could't belive the price.Would recommend it to anyone.

I'm no phone aficionado, but it I like it. It has FM radio and you can save some channels as presets, but you will need headsets. You can take pictures and set them as your background and screensaver (which can work like a slideshow). If you want to put music on it, you'll have to get a microSD card or something. It comes with Jamdat Sudoku, Need for Speed: Carbon, and The Sims DJ for games (at least mine did). Plus it has those lovely little volume buttons on the side so you can silence it in a hurry. As for battery life, mine will last around 5 days, but that's probably because I just chuck it around instead of actually using it.My only complaint is it doesn't have a stop watch. I mean come on, what mobile phone doesn't have a stop watch? Shameful.Oh, and I managed to butt dial, so yeah, key lock this thing if that might be a costly issue with you.

these phones  cost very little they do so much we bought two phones one for hubby one for wife about the Internet if you put this phone on a $ 50.00 dollars a month unlimited Internet what a buy thanks Amazon

Even tho Tracfone phone number is on box, forget it.  They will not service the phone and you're stuck with Net 10.  Phone works ok.....just not what I wanted or needed. Amazon has  made good on my purchase because of it and I bought a different phone that uses Tracfone.  If you don't use a lot of minutes anbd days are the important feature to you.....go to Tracfone, not net 10!

I like this mini phone it is perfect not like the big bulky phones.It has a variety of phone plans  to chooose from.This phone holds alot of names and numbers.I  can talk for awhile and phone dont go dead like other ones.Great product and greattt price

I've been using it a week: It works, it's cute and it's compact, which makes it fit in my purse, but hard to send texts. Ringtones are kind of nice. Haven't figured out some of the functions; it's not as intuitive as I'd like so I'll have to take the tutorial. Nice that it has a lantern feature. Not easy to add contacts.

A phone for less than $10. Yes. So when my kids slobber on it, or it falls down the stairs, and breaks, I don't care. I just go buy a new  phone. I found Net10 is one of the best values for basic phone service. This phone does have a FM radio I listen to, the camera is low quality so I don't use it. Otherwise, basic phone features, and the best value out there.

was a perfect for for the price i was able to use it until i could get a better phone. thank you always a great back up phone

Well, this phone does what it is supposed to. It's a very basic phone, but because it is so basic, very simple to use for most people I would imagine. It was an easy hookup through Net10, and I have had no problems with the service area of the phone thus far.If you are into texting, I would not recommend you buy this phone, as the texting process is slow and painful. As far as I can tell there is no quick way to input text. This is a downside for me, as I do use text quite frequently to communicate/.I would recommend this phone as a good backup phone for emergency use, or if you only make occasional calls (not text). Other than that it is built fairly solid and I haven't had any major issues with it in the last few months.

works great . has everything my daughter and husband need. and good coverage and cost effective while my daughter shows she is responsible enough to get an android ...

The camera works great! I do not like the slow way to text and look up contacts. I only use this phone as a extra, as my other Net10 phone does not have a camera. I keep this in my car in case I leave without my phone.

They fail to tell you that any minutes you buy expire within 1-2 months, so this phone costs you at least $15/month to be active even if you use no minutes. Look at the plans at net10wireless.com before you buy.I bought one and then they expected me to pay return shipping, which would have cost more than the phone was worth - so I have to go through the aggravation of an A-Z claim if I want to get my money back.

This is a great item my son loves his new cell phone you should get this phone for net 10 they are great.

If you want a phone, this is good.  I wanted a phone.  I got a phone.  If you want bells and multiple whistles, then maybe you should consider a more expensive way to go.  I've had no issues with the product and none with the company.  I rated it 4 star because there are lots of places where I can't get service.  NO  cell phone has service everywhere, but I seem to go to all of those places.  I will say that no one else had service either.

I'll admit I'm no connoisseur of cell phones but this phone is an incredible value at this price. It probably pales in comparison to iphones & droids if that is what you are used to, but this phone has tons of features for the average user or cheapskates like me. Some of my favorite features are: mp3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, up to 2GB of storage microSD card (not included but you can buy one cheap enough), fm radio(you have to have a wired headset plugged into the headphone jack to use the radio--doubles as an antenna), bluetoot, & an decent speaker on this phone. A few complaints on this phone is the battery life, the reception are only average compared to other Net10 phones I've owned (4). Also, i've lost at least a half dozen minutes connecting to the internet by accidentally hittin the browser button,**** I just learned how to disable this feature***** select menu, select settings, select security, select lock application, enter 1234, select OK, scroll down until use see 2 browser checkboxes and check both of those (I believe this is a security feature that is there to prevent someone from using your web browser). One last minor con is when you are trying to listen to music you cannot use the bluetooth for this, you must use a wired headset. Not a total bummer but I had hoped to use a bluetooth device for music listening.I went through 3 of these phones and would still be using it if I had not moved to an area that has poor GSM (AT&T;) coverage.

I LOVE THIS PHONE, THIS PHONE HAS LOTS OF FUNCTIONS. IT'S THE BEST ONE FOR A PERSON WHO ONLY WANTS TO CALL.

When you come home from work and you\u0007 babysitter says ur dog ate her cheap phone you gotta replace it right?  Well look no further cuz you can't find a cheaper phone that's a trac phone than this.  If it breaks in a month it was worth it.  Am I right?  Or am I right?

It's a cheap phone.  It's functional.  I wouldn't want to use it as my regular phone, but it works ok.It uses a mini-USB for a charger (instead of micro-usb, which is standard these days), but other than that, it's exactly what I expected.NOTE: the phone comes with a SIM card, so don't buy any sim card add-ons with it.  You'll need to buy minutes once you get the phone.

one of the worst experiences i have had with and service.  This review is mainly about the net10 service this is linked to.  Customer support is incredibly bad...dropped phone lines when you call, indefinite hold times, getting caught in loops with their automated system (especially later in the evening).  the web support is just as bad...you can clink a link and end up with a non working link.  if you still want to get this phone be very sure it works in your area...after all the tech support they put me through with guarantees about the coverage in my area...there was none.is the phone and service cheap?  yes...but not when you factor in the potential sink hole of time you could be dragged into.

No lo compren, es una perdida de plata y tiempo. Me compre uno de estos para poder usarlo mientras estaba en Texas. La idea era llamar a Argentina. Estuve un dia completo tratando de activarlo, para lo cual hace falta internet u otro telefono. Cuando pude activalo, gaste 20 dolares en una tarjeta. Pero no hay forma que me deje llamar a Argentina. Es una perdida total de plata.La calidad del telefono es muy mala.----Do not buy it, is a waste of money and time. I bought one of these to use while in Texas. The idea was to call Argentina. I spent a full day trying to activate it, you need internet or other cellphone to do that. When I finally activate it, spend 20 bucks on a card. But can't still make a call to Argentina. It is a total waste of money.The phone quality is very bad.

Bought 4 of these. 1 for each kid.For the price I activated each one with the included 10 minutes and gave them to the kids in the event they got lost at Disney world.Afterwards the kids loved to play the included games on the drive home.

small alright phone.setting it up was easy has fm radio a mp3 player[you will need a micro sd card and a usb cable.]you will need headphones for radio because it acts like a antenna,use a 2.5mm headphone ear buds ordererd an accessory kit for this phone and got a 3.5mm headset didnt work.as i said an alright phone i dont see me having this phone for long probably will get another phone.also sometimes a message will pop up usually an advertisment for something delete it if you view it it will cost you minutes.

Do not like the plans available for use.  Will not use it because T-Mobile has better plans  Twice as much for the same price.

this is a nice phone i enjoyed haveing it i still have it i just gotta get it charging again

Its a slightly better phone then the one I had but some of the fetures like the internet doesnt work and I have the umlimited plan

Don't care for the slider (I bought this inexpensive phone just to make sure the service would work where I live). Also it is hard to check the time and date (for me) without wearing my glasses. Other than that seems to be an ok phone.

these phones are locked ( use less ) would not by any ever againthey looook good but we do not have a way to unlock it.

I need to reorder this phone at the same price. This is a very good phone, and I enjoy the slider to protect the keys.

Very good price for this product, works fine for my needs, excellent deal.  Reception is so so but it is Ok for occasional use.

its a great simple phone.  its not high teck so its farly easy to use.  there are alot of cool gadgets that you can use with this phone.

this phone is great for working people that work out side for the price it is just a great little phone

purchased this for my daughter, she likes it. It is a second phone for her and is kept on her fridg. for emergency's. She is teaching her children how to use it.

He loves the phone. Its simple but not overly simple, with buttons (not a sub-par touch screen like his last one) and he loves the fact that a music player was included. This was a gift and he was very pleasantly surprised. It has a nice texture on the back which feels nice to hold.Cons: none, if anything comes up i'll update the review.

I give this phone a 5 star rating because it works precise and is cost efficient to use. The registration requires minimal effort and keeping your minutes is hassle free to add more time.

great phone for minute plans. one is $25 for 750 minutes every 30 days. can't beat that unless it's unlimited but that costs $50/month almost everywhere, including net 10. can't lose on a budget.

I'm sure its the technology out-dating this phone, But, It burned up 2 SIM cards in 4 weeks! No good! Either I got a lemon, or its just outdated technology... $5 phone, $5 shipping, I'm out only $10... Dealing with Net10 Cust Service was a WHOLE Other Story!!!

I liked this phone, primarily on the price. It did not represent that much of an investment to get mobile service, which is important to most of us, when going out to do what we need to do it is a  comfort to have phone service and know that  that you are fixed to a substantial phone bill. I have only made one call, but completed the call without incident.

The phones activated without incident...I bought three of these...One the sim was in backwards.Sometimes the phone coulnt find a signal...Under tools hitting Network twice restored service.This is a good phone for making calls and dont use the text feature...Highly recommended.

When I got the phone, it was brand new still in the package. I took the phone out followed instructions and went to turn it on. The phone would not turn on after it had charged for 4 hours. I called Net10 and they are sending me a new one. Now I have to wait 3 to 5 days for a new phone. Couldn't believe a brand new phone would not turn on and would not work. Net10 even tried to get the phone to work and it wouldn't.

My 20yo son wanted to give up his Iphone and go (kinda) off grid (no internet) for awhile.  He LOVES this little phone and when i told him it was only $5, he couldn't believe it!  def a recommend!

Stay away from NET 10 if you plan to use them for International Long Distance.  Incredibly Bad customer service after having accumulated a total of 3 different case numbers over the span of 30 days worth of trouble shooting with no +positive results on any of them.  Customer service stated no refund for services paid for that I was unable to use.

This phone is very hard for anyone whose hearing is not the best to hear over.It is designed to steal your minutes you pay for.I'ts to easy to accidentally log onto 'web' and gobble up your minutes.I would not purchase again.

Reieved with the wrong back for the phone. Could not hear the other person on the phone this thing sucks

These cell phones are nice for those of us who do not want to be stuck with a contract. The phones themselves are very well built.

The phone is $5 - you get about $5 quality out of it.  The plus is that it's compact and the slide function is handy for keeping it in the closed position.  The drawback is that texting is REALLY slow - there is a delay each time you hit the key so you're continually getting incorrect letters in your message if you're trying to type reasonably quickly.  It is also very old school graphics, fonts, and colors...and this is from a person who has only ever owned flip phones (never had an i-phone or android or any kind of smart phone).  Additionally, I've owned the phone for approximately two weeks, and have already had several times when the texting and call function didn't work at all.  I don't know if I got a very old phone that has been sitting in a warehouse for years, but I would not recommend this phone - pay a little extra for a better phone.

Got this phone for our daughter & she really seems to like it. Got it fast. Would buy again for sure.

I bought this for my daughters first phone to get her used to having a cel phone. It works great for what we paid for it..

Product is difficult to use.  doesn't allow for different ring tones for individual contacts.  area codes have to be put in even for local calls for caller id.

if your use to an advance phone then this phone is not very convenient. Texting is difficult. The phonebook is not simple to type in names and numbers to. I used it for about a month, have not used since.

I was looking to replace my boyfriends phone. He had this exact one but it was falling apart. So I bought this one to replace it. It comes with a sim card already and you can't just switch out sim cards in an attempt to keep your contacts. You'll get a error message and it won't turn on. If you were looking for a cheep phone what you can do is transfer your number to the new phone. Have fun transfering you numbers over to this phone. I might be more trouble than it's worth especially for a basic phone. I would recommend this phone just because it lasted years at least 3 after being dropped and it has a 8hr battery.

Alll expectations met.  Thanks.  Price was a major consideration as was time of delivery andworking effectiveness.  I am also a fan of AMZ's business plan

seller send me a defective one so i never got to test out its specs and feature but from what i have look online it is not great this phone has alright specs and feature like a music player calender calculator and it has also a camera which i believe is only 1.3 megapixel which is not great at all now days you can get a 12 megapixel on a phone now but the 1.3 megapixel cannot record video it can only take still photo which sucks but the phone does have a micro sd card slot but it can only take up to a 2GB sd card any larger than that and it will not work which sucks also all and all this phone is not great don't get it if you don't have to.

this is the coolest phone for under $9.00 with the memory card included. This is perfect for teenagers to learn responsibility before spending lot for them to break.

When I first bought this phone, I was looking for something simple. When I found this little phone, I absolutely loved it! I liked that it had a built-in radio, and an easy-to-use-simple-layout, and a headphone jack. It had everything I wanted in a phone, except for a qwerty keyboard, but for the price -- I could make do.I had this phone for about a week when things got a little funky. The battery life isn't anything to brag about, so it died before I anticipated. When I charged the phone, and turned it back on, it said that I was out of minutes AND service days. I called Net10, and they were kind enough to put the minutes/days back on. However, a few days later, I had the same problem. So, I had to get BACK on the phone with them, and this time they said they would replace the phone without charge. When the new phone arrived, it was good for a little while, but I ended up having the same problem.So, in short: If you're considering switching to Net10, I recommend it. If you're considering this phone: keep looking.

this cell phone did not drop calls or lose reception like most of the other phones do.Thank youConnie McGuire

My Net10 LG300's keyboard died so I replaced it with this phone. I find it to be an excellent "cheap" phone. And it has a standard micro USB port for charging....you don't have to buy a confounded proprietary car charger. Highly recommended.

All I needed was an easy to use inexpensive phone and this filled the bill.  I use it only for emergency calls.  It costs me about $16.00 a month for the cheapest minutes at 2 months for approx $32.00 bought at Walmart.There are better phones out there but they cost a lot more.

for the price it was excellent choice for a birthday gift for a friend who needed a cellphone he loved it

I love this phone.  It has all the main features a regular cell phone would have!Only problem I have is when you touch the  &#34;Browser Button&#34; on right side of the phone for web viewing by &#34;accident&#34;it will start deducting your minutes.I'm still on working on waiting for the web information to completely appear on the screen.

this phone is the best it run of gsa at&t tmoble  i did have on that ran off verizon but the town was all was going down so for that gsm all the way and the phone works sweet

THE PHONE ARRIVED IN THREE WORKING DAYS, WELL PACKAGE. EXCELLENT FEATURES, INTERNET, ALARM CLOCK, LARGE PHONE NUMBER DIRECTERY, SPEED DIALING, CAMAREA, CALCULATER, APPT: REMINDER, NUMEROUS FEATURES TO CUSTOMIZE. FOR FIVE DOLLARS, IT CAN NOT BE BEAT.  HOWEVER, UPON THE ACTIVATION PROCESS, IT SUCCESFULLY TRANSFERED MY MINUTES FROM MY OTHER EM 326G PHONE, BUT FAILED TO PROPERLY REGISTER THE SIM CARD NUMBER. I.E., USELESS.  HAD TO CONTACT NET 10 TO RECIEVE A NEW SIM CARD, WHICH WILL TAKE 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS. WHICH IS A SIGNIFICANT ISSUE DUE TO MY OLD PHONE HAVING THE VOLUME OF HEARING AT A VERY LOW LEVEL. FOR EXAMPLE, I WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO HEAR IF I WAS WAS OUTSIDE THE HOUSE. DUE TO THE INCONVIENCE, I WOULD HAVE TO RATE THE OVERALL EXPERIENCE FROM SHOPCELLDEALS TWO STARS.

I bought this phone for a friend, and they like it very much.  It does everything a cellphone is supposed to do, and has a camera which is new to them.

The phone is okay.  It is a small phone with 2 GB Micro memory card which is fine for the price and for what I used it for.  It came a day late of seller's promise which is not a big deal to wait for extra day.  This phone is good for Elementary sch kids should you have a need to reach them by phone.

Unfortunately, even for a cheap phone this one loses.  It has a drastic delay in almost every function, particularly texting.  This delay will wind up making you have to either wait for the digit to show on screen, or will have such a delay buildup that it will cause you to have to hit the back button often, which is directly below the "send" button.  Often times I wind up accidentally hitting send because the buttons are quite tight together.  People would get incomplete and misspelled texts, which is nothing short of frustrating.  It always wastes prepaid minutes, and that's a NO-NO.  The sound quality is poor.  It seems like they have very crappy noise reduction, which makes it nearly impossible to understand a quiet speaker.  The camera idea is nice, and probably the only selling point this thing has, but any camera in a phone is as good or better than this.  I had mine 3 weeks and decided to replace it.  I'm throwing it in the trash.  What a poorly made piece of junk.  Good job, Motorola... not.

When I got new Phone there was no sim card and no back on phone I got screwed, so I CALLED NET TEN MY PHONE CARRIER AND TOLD THEM WHAT TOOK PLACE AND THEY SENT ME NEW PHONE AND NEW SIM CARD AT NO COST I SHOULD HAVE DEALT WITH THEM FIRST .WONT ORDER ANOTHER PHONE ON LINE AGAIN.

nice cell phone with this price. but does not include 300 minutes free airtime from NET10 which I thought would.BTW, net10 website also sell this phone for $39.99 (free shipping) if you live in specific area like California.

I bought this phone and was planning on leaving Verizon. Well, I had a problem activating this particular phone for my area. I don't know why, but I could not activate this phone for my zip code area. So, I ended up using a zipcode that is about half an hour away and it worked. Im really confused as to why it did that. Luckily, I do have service and its not doing to bad yet.

bought this phone and cant even use it. The phone is defective or the sims is. This sucks. I wont buy a phone from you guys anymore.
