
I should have known from my last LG phone purchase that this phone would be no better.  While I was very satisfied with Amazon.com price and shipping, I am very disappointed with this phone.  There is no manual enclosed only a CD.  ATT customer service knows very little about the phone and is no help at all with issues relating to phone usage.The phone is difficult to use and understand. I still dont know how it keeps coming unlocked even though it is clearly locked when I put it in my pocket or backpack.The functions are slow and the brower is not the best either.ATT browser packages are expensive on the prepaid service.AVOID THIS PHONE

I bought this phone for myself for a Christmas present, and i love it, first, you don't need a data plan, if you read closely it says you need a data plan to use data features, witch i just use WiFi so i have no need for data. Second its a Nice OS i'm kinda use to android since me and my girlfriend have tablets so i already knew how to do most stuff with it, the battery is very pleasing it lasts all day for and i'm a fairly moderate user i surf the web for about 3 hours and play with apps for about 1 or two and i always text and make a few calls, as far as plans go i only pay 25$ for 250 minutes and unlimited texting. the only bad thing I've noticed is sometimes games and some apps can get kinda choppy but only if your doing alot. one thing i added was Google music so i could listen to my library on my computer anywhere it saves space on Micro SD card witch i use a 8GB instead of the 2GB that it comes with. overall its a very nice phone for anyone whose looking for a smartphone and not wanting to pay for a contract, just remember you don't need a data plan at all they kinda make it seem like it because they want you to spend alot on there very overpriced plans. i give it 5 stars becase theres nothing i really dislike about it

I have loved this phone!! This is a sturdy phone. Has a lot of features that help me in my everyday.

Ditto to all the other high rating reviews. Seems like I've waited forever for a Smart GoPhone. Oh sure, I'd rather have a Galaxy S2 but don't want or need the expensive plans that come with it and this one does most of what the real guys do. $.10 a minute is great for my use. I got the big data plan at the better price and then renew it with the $5 package once a month. I really like the camera. Takes great pictures if you read the instructions and use it right. Takes great macros too. I transfer my pictures to the PC with Bluetooth. I like all the apps I've downloaded to it. I buy the paid apps on my PC for security and send them to my phone. Navigation works great and it's always there and ready. Downloaded my songs from my PC use my ear buds. Sounds great. It's really slick after using the old cheap cell phones.

Bought this for a male friend of mines, he loves it, very similar to the Optimus S for Sprint!  Good buy if you want an Android with out putting a dent in your pocket!

First off. Great phone.This is the first At&t; smartphone that you will not be charged data if you put your sim card in it! I've been using it for about 2 months and NO data has been added! In fact, if you talk to At&t; or look on the website, they have no clue what phone u are using b/c it is a GO phone and for some reason it does not register the model! Saves me 15$ a month! (I am always in range of Wifi since I am a student on a college campus)

i love my new phone it is absolutly what i wanted and more than i expected it is just great and does so muchstuff that its unreal , it has to be the best phone ive ever owned and the most fun ive had in along time its even costed me the relationship with my bab's momma i almost have gotten rid of her, she says i don't and won't pay attention to herim either on that g-d phone or laptop, i pay it more attention than her.......oh well its worth it for me f that b

bought this for my wife and she is on it non stop tap tap tap on the screen small but not too small fits right in the palm of her hand she does love her new phone

My previous phone, an LG Xenon, had served me well but it was time for a new phone. When I came across this one I thought the deal was too good to be true. I got this smartphone in the mail yesterday (3 days after ordering it) and I am very happy with it. It is easy to text on and the screen is not too small. I can go on the internet with ease and download apps from the Android store pretty fast. This is my first smartphone and I love it, it is definitely a good value and I would highly recommend it for other go-phone users.

I had a Motorola C190 Go Phone with AT&T for three years, and accumulated a huge credit because I used the phone so little. I now use the sim card from that phone in my LG Thrive, and can use that large credit balance with it :) A prepaid phone is a great option for those that don't make calls everyday, but want the full functionality of a smart phone on occaison. Call sound quality is great. The screen looks good, and the myriad of free apps available on the Android market are a blast to use and experiment with. I nearly always find free wifi available in places where I'm stuck waiting, and need entertainment, so I've used my 3G data plan balance very little (it worked fine when I had to though). The GPS seems to receive a signal as well as my Nuvi 200 and Forerunner 305 :) The free app Sportracks is very useful for tracking walking, running, or cycling workouts. Use "navigation" when you need GPS in the car or on a motorcycle. The battery life is decent. I've gone as long as 72 hours before recharging on cell standby, with GPS, 3G, and wifi, turned off. I use the $2 a day unlimited plan, and use this phone as my only phone (dropped my landline) and am saving a bundle. The camera takes decent pics also (but no flash). I got the Arctic P311 Bluetooth headset to use with this phone, and music sounds great on it. No need for a stand alone MP3 player. I would like to see AT&T offer a better data plan though. Because the Thrive is a smart phone, you have to buy a data package, and keep feeding it every month to keep your balance rolling over. It's $25 for 500 MB, but you can buy as little as $5 to keep rolling over monthly. I use wifi whenever possible for downloading apps and ringtones. Just surfing the web or IM'ing on Skype doesn't use much data, so 500 MB can go a long way. But still, it would be nice if the $50 a month unlimited plan included unlimited 3G. Or even unlimited 3G for 24 hours on the 2$ day unlimited plan.

OK I dindt get it to use it as a gophone I got it to use with my existing service and it works like it is suppose to  coming from a apple iphone that got wet to this is kinda odd but it is a good deal on a replacement especially when you know your gonna have to keep paying for that $15 data plan you signed a contract for. At& t knows people do this and even though they frown on it they allow it to go on and for that I like at&t; because when you looks or break an uninsured phone you have options other then a full price no commitment phone OR some weirdo international no firmware version of a phone that wont half way work.UPDATE I had to come back and update the review. I used the phone fine for about two weeks. Then suddenly it started looosing power and signal at random times. Called At&t; and LG and both told me to return for an exchange with seller which I returned to Amazon . Overall using the phone I am kind of glad it broke. As most phones have always gotten easier and easier to use as time goes by, something about this one caused it to be more and more difficult. The more you figured out, the more steps you have to go through to get anything done.The quality did seem great and I assume I got a dud, no damage or accidents or anything it just seems to start to stop not to work one day and thank god that day was within the return period! I still had to come back and take a star off for it going bad.

Was good for few months then started shutting down during calls. I can do everything else with no probs just am not able to make calls and stay powered on. Yet another FAILED LG PRODUCT. Will not be buying LG brand ever again!

I purchased this phone before Thanksgiving, and I am so pleased with it.  And I thank all the reviewers who have posted so much valuable information.  It was so helpful in making the purchase.  Not only is the phone everything I wanted - it is a data phone, prepaid, but it also functions as a music player.  It is worth every penny.  The screen is beautiful, it is easy enough for a non-techy like me to work, it works well over wi-fi and equally over data.  For Mac users, get double twist to sync the phone to your Mac, as the phone itself doesn't support Mac.  But with double twist, I was able to sync all my Itunes music.  The sound quality from the phone itself isn't great, but with my ipod earbuds, it's fine.  Be sure to get a screen protector, as the screen scratches easily.  I had considered an iphone, but the price was prohibitive, when you consider the 2 year contract.  So for the price of the phone and minimal monthly payments, this saves you at least several hundred dollars a year over a contract phone, if you are like me and don't use the cell phone constantly.

Nothing beats ATT's goPhone rates and this phone has kicked it up to the next level.  I was using a goPhone before and was surprised when I saw the packaging for this phone that the plan rates had dropped to $0.10/min with NO commitment.  I think the phone is great but I haven't used any other smart phones before, but it performs as well as one of my daughter's 4th gen. ipod touch.  The Android interface is nice but it does take some time and work to learn how to use it, not as intuitive as apple's OS but I like the flexibility.  I was able to use the "old" goPhone for $100 per year, I'm guessing that the smart phone will run me ~$230 per year ($5/mo. 200 messages, $5/mo. 10mb + a couple of $25/500MB, and about $5/mo phone) that's less than $20 PER MONTH.  All the extra "hardware" will really eat up a battery so you have to be prudent to use the "power panel" widget to keep WiFi, GPS, 3G, and BT turned off when you aren't using them.  I was REALLY surprised to find this phone had GPS for only $150 and that feature, and GOOGLE Sky work very well.If you are looking for a budge phone where you have full control over the cost then this is for you.  You don't HAVE to buy a data plan, but I've found that I get by perfectly well (google account sync, periodic checking static web sites, downloading games) with the plans I mention above, because everything carries over month to month so you buy the 500MB packages when you get low and buy the 10MB packages to keep your balance "alive".  All the other "fun" stuff I just do at home connected to my wifi...

I ordered this phone at the beginning of August. 90 days later, it stops working and AT&T sent me a replacement. Got the replacement, and 15 days later the thing craps out in the exact same way. Haven't even had it three whole months and have had to get it replaced TWICE. If I could return to amazon and get a full refund I would do it in a heart beat. Hell, I may do it anyways and order a different phone from AT&T. STEER CLEAR OF THIS PHONE!

Update 11/25/11 - I like this phone; however, it uses data constantly even when the phone is locked and I'm not using it. I unchecked the "enable data access over mobile network" button, but that didn't seem to help either. That may not be a button to stop all data usage, but it was worth a try. I do have 2 email accounts & weather on a home screen which might be one contributing factor. One thing I noticed is that when I close the browser page, it automatically opens another window which is using data constantly because it has pictures and activity going on the homepage. And, it keeps turning on AT&T; Hot Spots and Maps and I believe these use data which is a waste. Note this: I had 68,000+ kbs on the morning of 11/23. By the end of the day, I had less that 30 kb and I only used the web 1 time. The rest was used by the phone. Because this is a smartphone, I know it is going to always be connected to keep itself up-to-date. The major issue is that AT&T; requires a data plan even after they take $50 for the unlimited plan that is supposed to be UNLIMITED talk/text/web. THIS IS A WAY FOR THEM TO SCAM MONEY FROM PEOPLE. I paid the $50 for the unlimited plan, but still had to buy a data package. I paid another $75 for 1500 MB of data which only lasted 14 days between my actual usage and this phone using my data. That's $125 and I still don't have data available to use. AT&T; said this is a smartphone that is going to use data automatically. I hear alot about T-mobile prepaid and it appears that they have an unlimited plan that inludes web for smartphones and they have some good android phones. I am going to see how their service is. If it's good, I'm going to put AT&T; as my second phone with talk/text only for emergencies when my T-mobile phone might not work. I won't change the stars because the phone works really good. I think it might be settings that need to be changed that I haven't figured out yet or just unavoidable because of the apps that are installed. The main thing is that I just don't like AT&T;'s data plans and requirements.Update 11/20/11 - There are a couple of minor details I have found about the keyboard on this phone that are somewhat irritating: 1) the buttons are somewhat small which causes pressing the wrong key frequently; 2) it doesn't have arrow keys to move up, down, left or right.-Original Review-I bought my phone from Best Buy on November 1, 2011. So far this phone has been really good after I learned how to use it. This is my first android phone and the internet works as good as a PC in my opinion. The only thing is that it is slow, but it works flawlessly for the most part. It has only been unresponding one time. I powered it off & back one and it has been doing fine since then. I have been able to access ANY website I have wanted to. There was one time that I tried accessing a site that wasn't compatible with the default browser; It gave me a message to let me know, told me what browser it was compatible with and changed automatically to the compatible browser after pressing the OK button. That is truly exceptional in my opinion.  The touchscreen is very responsive and works as expected. The battery does run down in 1 day, but I think that may be because I did not charge it fully before using it for the first time. I will buy a new battery in December and see if I get a better battery life. No major issues so far.I am going to see if it develops issues or dies in a few months like other people say it has for them. I will update with the new battery life.

This Smartphone is a fantastic value for anyone on a budget, it has everything you can want in a Smartphone with the lowest possible cost, It is also solidly built,  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!

When I received my LG Thrive, I was eager to try it out. I knew it wasn't going to be the most advanced phone out there and the processor is slower than others, but I DEFINITELY couldn't tell that by the speed and ease I experienced with the apps, sliding between screens and the overall feel of the device. It's sturdy and well built... just solid. And I got my phone in a very timely manner and it was just as it said: In it's original casing without being opened or tampered with.Overall, a great purchase and I'm glad I bought it!!

I've been using this phone for about a month now and here are my impressions.First the good-nice looking phone-big responsive touchscreen-good resolution-Android-easy to type onNow the bad-the speakerphone volume is very low and can only be used in whisper quiet environments. My cheap previous Samsung phone had a far superior speakerphone. If you use the speakerphone a lot like I do, this is not the phone for you.-automatic updates occur in the background which use your data. If you only buy 10MB of data for $5, these updates can use all of that data. Google Maps decided to update itself and I was left with no data. I called customer service and complained and they restored my data. There is no easy way to turn off this automatic updating.-phone can be sluggish at times. I am using Google Voice and navigation and texting is sometimes slow and jerky. Normal phone operations are smooth and fast.It's a good phone overall if you can live with the negatives.

This phone has a great screen, good battery life, and nice Android install (with all the usual AT&T; crapware, of course).I planned on using my regular AT&T; SIM card in this, rather than using the pre-paid one it comes with.As a 7-years long AT&T; customer, who travels a lot to Europe, I usually get each new phone unlocked.Nope, said the AT&T; representitive: LG will only let us unlock this in November (this was bought in April). Strike 1.I wanted to download some apps from the Amazon store. No can do - the phone is limited to the Google market. Strike 2.(Heard later from a former AT&T; employee that they may release this hold later this year. Too late for me).Finally, some of the standard Android options are simply gone or locked in the menus (most noticabley wireless hotspot).Again the representitve jst said he couldn't help me with those. Strike 3.Yes, I could have rooted the device, maybe installed a stock Froyo - but why should I? I got the T-Mobile Comet instead.It has stock Froyo out of the box (i.e. no crapware, all options open), T-Mobile unlocked it immediately,and it costs $25 less a month for the same package I had with AT&T.;Bottom line: I liked the phone. Hated the network. It had so many choices closed in it that I had to return it.

Read some of the other reviews and am having same issue as a few of you...with the phone on, good signal strength, volume up, etc. the phone goes straight to voicemail without ringing, but only some of the time. People call me and say the phone went straight to voicemail without ringing. I even call myself from home phone and sometimes it rings but 1 minute later it won't.I have spent well over 5 hours that has involved 14 phone calls with AT&T; customer service, handset support, technical support and warranty support.Add to that 3 trips to AT&T; store.They have replaced SIM card, deleted call waiting, disabled call forwarding, increased ringtime, changed this setting and that setting each time telling me that that particular fix will solve the problem...which it has not. Was told it is LRE settings (whatever that is), cell tower problem and I can go on and on. They then told me it was the handset and the new one they sent has the same issues. I then tried changing my number and it still happens.The frustrating thing is that this does not happen all the time !!! Outgoing calls work fine, the internet,camera, music, etc all work great.The phone overall is not bad but I got it first and foremost to receive phone calls.This is certainly not an Amazon problem and the problem is somewhere between AT&T; and LG.If somebody solves this problem I would bump the review up to 4 stars.

The Thrive is definitely not a high-end smartphone, but it does its job. The screen isn't the best, the camera isn't the best, the processor isn't the best, etc. But if you need a basic smartphone so you can listen to Pandora on the road, check your email, and browse the web; then this phone will perform.The AT&T; prepaid data plan does kinda blow. $25 for 500MB is not really a good value.

This phone lives up to it's name.  It is everything you "THRIVE" for in a phone without having to pay that high tech price.  Endless possibilities and the covers you can accessorize the phone with are timeless.

This thing is far and above my old Sony Ericson. The processor could be a little faster, but I'm not complaining.

well i bought this phone for my girlfriend cuz she wanted full touch screen, for the first 22 days the phone worked great, but after that she was just looking through facebook, let it go to blackscreen so she could deal with a customer, and when she went to pull the screen back on, it would no come back and it showed that the screen had cracked without having dropped it or even touched it. but with the power of returns and repairs via amazon i was able to return the broken one and receive brrand new one for no cost to me, and this one has been working perfect for her, purchased a cover for this one so that if anything did fall on it, would not directly hit screen, hopefully this will last her for the next couple years. thank you amazon for promoting such a good deal on such a great phone, now if at&t could get on the band wagon and start making their services cheaper for the working college student that barely scrapes to get by.

I bought this phone a couple of months ago to replace my feature phone (talk and text) at the end of my contract.  I have to say I am loving the phone and the prepaid plan.  For what I use the phone for, it's a terrific choice.  I don't use a lot of voice minutes; I use it mainly for texting.  I was on an ATT plan with my sister, and splitting the bill down the middle, we were each paying about $54 a month for unlimited messaging and a certain amount of minutes...I don't remember how many, but it was on the low end.  As my contract neared the end, I started investigating prepaid, and found out that ATT was now offering smartphones on prepaid plans.  The LG Thrive caught my eye because it offered wifi, so I started reading reviews, both professional and customer.  (btw, there are some excellent, informative reviews right here on Amazon)  The phone was highly recommended as a good phone for a new smartphone owner.  Then, as I looked at the prepaid plans and compared it to my phone usage, I realized I could be saving massive amounts of money each month.  Text and data plans rollover unused balances to the next month as long as you add more to it...which can be done for as little as $5 each.  To start off, I bought the biggest data plan ($25), 1000 text messages ($9.99), and when I added in my voice minutes for that month, I paid $45.47.  The second month, I had so much data left over that I just added the smallest plan for $5, and another 1000 texts for $9.99.  With voice, I paid $19.27 for the second month.  I am now in my third month, and again added $5 data, but only 200 text messages (I still had 700+ left over) for $4.99.  I am anticipating a total under $15 this month.I should point out that I am not a heavy data user, and I use wifi whenever I can.  I keep both the wifi and 3G data turned off unless I need them (which also greatly increases battery life).  However, it seems that to send or receive picture messages, you have to turn on the 3G...it took me a while to figure out why I couldn't send any picture texts, I kept decreasing the resolution of the pics but nothing worked until one day I had the 3G on while trying to send a pic and it went through.If you're like me and don't use a lot of voice minutes, text frequently and don't need your data on all the time, this is a great phone!!

brought 2 of these phones already there a great back up phone or regular use phone very nice phone for me

Great phone, great price. The only problem I had was that we thought it would be able to be a 'hot-spot' like one of our other kids' phones was (and I swear I read that about this particular phone), but we were told that that feature is only available when under a contract. (?) I don't understand phone contracts, plans, etc., etc., so I thought I found a real simple, easy, no-hassle, no contract phone for my young teenage daughter. It is working out pretty good, otherwise. We aren't in cell service areas too much, so if we pay a minimum amount to activate her phone for a month at a time, it works out well. The phone itself is really neat, we think, and has the approval of the teenagers in the house. ;)

I bought this phone in order to develop Android apps and the price was right, I like the phone but not very happy with the goPhone service. AT&T; needs to learn about service from NET10 my usual carrier.First off, you have to activate this phone and choose a plan which is still pricey,  you can just buy a refill card and be on your way. you have to choose text for about 5 bucks and data for 15 bucks, so your 25 dollar card has no minutes in order to make a phone call!!!I would recommend this phone for the price but not the service.

I bought this phone to replace my iPhone that I damaged.  Being that my AT&T contract is currently up and I didn't want to commit to another two years, I decided to buy the GoPhone and just insert my sim card. The Thrive actually performs just as well as my old iPhone 3GS.  My only complaint is the browser isn't as good as Safari.  But all and all, this is a great phone!!!  I don't miss my iPhone at all.

I received my LG Thrive smartphone (AT&T prepaid) three days ago and so far I love it. The phone is made better then I thought it would be. I thought it would be made of cheap type plastic like other gophones are but that isn't the case. Plenty of Android Apps for this phone is available. I have downloaded a couple of different apps so far and all of them have been fast and easy to download, the phone is still running fast. Most of the pre-installed apps are ones that I use so that was a plus, like other phones I thought I would have to delete a lot of un-necessary apps. The phone is really nice and the touch screen is wonderful. One tap of my finger and everything opens up. My brother has the newest Samsung Captivate and he likes mine just as well as his.

This phone is excellent as a pay as you go phone. Because it is an Android with WiFi you hardly need a data plan. Purchase 512 MB and top up 10MB per month and you are good to go for the year. In fact, if you and your friends have Skype you won't pay much for phone calls either because Skype to Skype calls are free (if you are both on WiFi). You can download all the apps you need and do a lot with it. One of the main problems is AT&T loads a lot of crapware on it so you don't have as much space for your apps.

Based on two days of ownership, I'd say the positive reviews are basically true: this is a nicely designed, easy to use, low-cost Android phone that works well with AT&T's pay-as-you-go program...as long as don't need Web access and text messaging, or are willing to pay $20 to $40 a month for them in addition to your per-minute fees for calls. Great, I thought, I don't text and I can use the promised WiFi connectivity for Web access. Sadly, this last bit isn't true. Because of a firmware bug known to both AT&T support and LG support, the phone cannot connect to a secured WiFi network...only to an UNSECURED network (with no date set for fixing the problem). Not being willing to buy a data plan or to disable security on our home WiFi every time I want to access the Web, the phone is on its way back to Amazon.

this android phone is a bargain with no contract. We bought it as an upgrade to the razor v3 and what a difference just wish our monthly phone bill didn't go up the $35.00 for data and text additions. Now it over $100.00.  They call it a "smart phone" well it was smart enough to raise our bill to over $100.00 a month. Maybe it smarter than we are. I think we need to find an "app killer" too many things running in the background, because after charging it over night it only lasted for 30 minutes before it ran out of juice. We have had the phone for less than 1 weeks still learning about it.

Received the Thrive  and have it working. I don't have any AT&T; "Data" plan just the $2 per day-used plan.I haven't had any luck so far with the "Navigation" application. I just get a message saying "Waiting for location" that persists until the screen cuts itself off it in about a minute. If you try to refresh the screen you are back to the initial "unlock" screen.There is also a similar application called "AT&T; Navigator" on the application screen but that would cost you $10 per month if you went for it - that's far from the supposed free application that was described.I do have email running in the hotspots.My impression so far is that the AT&T; LG Thrive works (sort of) but is a pretty clunky product/service. Any advice would be appreciated.

We often forget our phones at home so we decided to keep an emergency phone for the car. However, I didn't really care for the dumbphones often provided with prepaid pay-as-you-go plans. Neither did I want to be forced to spend upwards of $30/month for a month-to-month prepaid plan just to get a smartphone. The LG Thrive gives me the best of both worlds. I get a relatively decent smartphone for under 200 bucks while keeping annual costs fairly low.1. HardwareThe LG Thrive is nowhere near top of the line and it shows. I'm using an iPhone 4 as my primary phone so the low pixel density (~180ppi vs ~330ppi on iPhone 4), lack of camera flash, lack of front-facing camera, etc are things that are quite noticeable. That said, the iPhone 4 costs a minimum of $649 unlocked for the 16GB version so I can't really fault the Thrive for not having better hardware. What I do find most frustrating is the tiny internal memory. The device has 512MB flash memory but only ~150MB of that is useable (the rest is used by the firmware, etc). 150MB is really just too small by today's standards and even if you install your apps on the SD card, a lot of apps still leave a footprint on phone memory so it's easy to find yourself filling up the internal memory quickly. Increasing the internal memory by just 512MB would be a big help without increasing costs too much. Heck, I'd much rather have bigger internal memory with no microSD card included instead of the ~150MB internal memory + 2GB microSD card in the package. Aside from that gripe, I don't have any complaints about the hardware. I get as strong, if not stronger, signal on the Thrive as I do on my iPhone. Battery life was fairly decent - it's not as long as the iPhone 4 but it's comparable to the original iPhone. Performance-wise, you shouldn't notice any lag doing the basics - email, internet surfing, voice calls, text messaging. The Thrive is actually better than the original iPhone and the iPhone 3G in that regard. However, you do see noticeable slowdown in some apps (e.g. Netflix).2. Operating System/SoftwareComing from iOS, I'm actually liking Android quite a bit more. The Thrive comes with Android 2.2 Froyo which is an older version. While it does have some annoyances (e.g. copy/paste which should be much improved on later versions of Android) and doesn't quite have as many apps as iOS, I find that all the major apps I use are available and the ones that don't at least have alternatives. I've never bothered jailbreaking my iPhone and it's really nice that the Thrive provides easier access to the system without having to root. Sure, there are still some restrictions but it's a lot more open than iOS. Widgets are another thing I really like about Android. Widgets allow you to view weather, messages, calendar, etc right from your home screen. No need to go through the hassle of opening/switching apps.3. Service/PlanThe cheapest options for a very low usage smartphone were T-Mobile and AT&T.; I believe they're the only service providers which allow smartphones to be used on pay-as-you-go. Opted for AT&T; (ergo LG Thrive instead of LG Optimus T) since they have better coverage where I work. It's a minimum of $100/yr (or $25/90 days) to keep the account active (with no lapse in service). That amounts to as little as $8.33/mo.One nice thing with this phone (and other smartphones, particularly Android ones) is there are ways to leverage Wi-Fi connectivity to help minimize your phone bill. For example, using Google Voice for texting can make for big cost savings. AT&T;'s messaging feature packages are $5/200, $10/1000 and $20/unlimited with data feature packages at $5/10MB, $15/100MB and $25/500MB. With Google Voice, you can get free texting if you're within Wi-Fi range. Even if you're not, given the small amount of data text messages require, even the $5/10MB data package is sufficient for practically unlimited text messaging. If you're often within range of Wi-Fi, using Google Voice for calls could also help minimize usage (via GrooVe IP or similar 3rd party app - the official app doesn't support calls).Overall, the LG Thrive is a very nice budget/starter Android smartphone and provides very good value for its price. For low usage, AT&T;'s plans are also quite affordable. However, if you're a big talker or need to use 3G data a lot, you might want to consider other options.

There are lots of complaints about ATT out there but I was happy to see lots of stickers and notices in the packaging that if you already had a GoPhone you should just take the SIM card out of the old phone and put it into the new phone. I got to keep all my minutes and my old phone number. I am happy with my Android phone which I am using without a data plan right now. My only complaint is that you have to go on-line to buy a data plan, I would have preferred being able to buy a card like I do with my minutes.

I love this phone! I held out on buying a new phone for almost 3 years! (I know, sounds insane these days) But I'm glad I waited. Who needs an iPhone when you can get this one! The LG Thrive is AWESOME! I always liked LG products and my last 2 phones were LG's-and again-I'm NOT dissappointed. Holds a charge pretty well-even with playing music, internet and lots of texting :) You can switch back and forth from 3G data to WiFi simply. Seems to have a lot of memory becuase I can have LOTS of apps running simultaneously and the phone hasn't frozen up on me yet. Also, I was apprehensive about having an ALL touch screen phone (no keyboard) because I test SO much, but it's easy to text with! The screen in big and bright and the software is easy to use. Again, I LOVE this phone!!! Thank you!

This phone even when locked would dial 911. If it was in my pocket on lock it would dial.  Other than that it was ok.

It is a good phone only thing is you can't let too many apps run at once or it will slow down the phone. Sometimes the apps will freeze up and you may have to power down the phone. Call quality is good, just don't try and browse the web during a phone call, as soon as your face touches the screen it locks.

A little slow but a good overall phone. I washed it after about 2 years so I was good while it lasted.

This phone is amazing -- had it so far for over two months, and it's fun to use.  I found I am spending between $40 and $70 per month, depending upon how I use it.  I have the $2 per day calling plan and I use both the wi-fi for internet and some time on the AT&T; 3G network.Phone comes with earbuds and mic, charger, prepaid SIM card and also instruction book for new activation or SIM transfer methods if you already own an AT&T; prepaid phone.Directions are clear on how to activate the phone if you need a new phone number.  I tried various apps including Google Music, Amazon music app, local news apps and fun stuff like photos.  Phone performs very well.  I found the pictures were color accurate and reasonable for a smart phone.  Video functions were good also.  I like how photos are organized and display clearly.A few apps won't work right, but from my experience I found the Android store reviews for those apps had a lot of complaints and were not working on a wide range of smartphones.I tried several Android phones, due to my job, from high end ones to mid grade ones, and I feel that this one offers the best feel in your hand, easy-to-read screen and it's able to multi-task well -- you can stream music and read a newspaper web site.AT&T; Radio -- another feature I really like is the radio subscription service.  For 4.99 a month, you can listen to stations from other areas -- it works well on wi-fi and can work on 3G, although you will use up your 3G balance fast.  There is also a way to listen to FM radio, for free -- reception on this model was stronger than certain other smartphones I used.  The headphones need to be plugged in, since it functions as the antenna for FM reception.  I found a male-to-male dub cable worked well also, connecting between the phone and a line-in jack on a large stereo.  The FM tuner on this phone pulled in stations stronger than the built-in FM tuner, inside the stereo!Voice recorder -- there's a handy voice recording app included with the phone -- handy for making small notes and reminders.Calendar -- easy to read, accessible from home screen -- can switch from day, week, and month.Overall, this is a fun phone to carry around with you in a pocket!!

Received product in timely manner and complete in box, un-opened.  Android phone through At&t without the worry and hassle of contracts.  Works great!!!

This review contains a guide to installing non-Google market apps and the Adobe flash player 10.1 on the LG Thrive without rooting it; I also covered rooting the LG Thrive and some optimizing and app tips .This is a great phone, it has a very responsive touch screen and it plays videos, music, live wallpapers(most keep the CPU running 60-80%, so they slow down the phone a little and reduce the battery life), and games great. Even the 3D games "Raging Thunder" racing, "Backbreaker football", and "GLWG" strategy are all quite playable with just an occasional slowdown (these are the only 3D games that I have yet, I got them for 10 cents on the Google daily special). One thing that I did not like about the Thrive was that at&t; puts extra restrictions on their phones which prevent you from installing apps that do not come from Google market, even from reputable markets like Amazon's. At&t; has released an update to android 2.2.2 that fixes some of these problems, allowing you to use amazon market for this phone but it is only available for some of their lg thrives. For some reason at&t; didn't release the update to all users at once so if you have not gotten a message from At&t; (saying that your phone has an update available) then the chances are your phone will not be able to update yet. So instead of waiting (possibly months) for at&t; to get around to allowing me to update, I just rooted the phone (see 3rd section of the review). It is pretty easy to root a phone, this was my first time and it only took me about an hour to to do it including research. This phone also has some problems with the internal memory and ram getting filled up by apps, see the last section of my review for some tips on fixing or reducing these problems.**edit 12/12/2011, I have now found a way to fully fix the problem with the internal memory filling up too quickly, but it requires your phone to be rooted. You can use a partition of your phone's SD card like internal memory with the app LinkSD from the Google market, the app's description contains some decent instructions or you can go down to the next-to-last section of my review for a more detailed guide.*****Getting the Adobe flash player 10.1 to work on the LG Thrive***This is actually very easy and it does not require a rooted phone, but it took me longer to do this than any thing else, because it is so hard to find the right version of adobe to download.- Search for "LGP500 with Flash Player installed really work!!!" on Google and select the YouTube video with that name, it should be the first search result on the list, then expand the text under the video and click the link to the flash player that the guy in the video used (Amazon will not allow web addresses so I cannot put a link to it in this review).- Download the file and transfer it to your phone.- Enable the installation of apps from "Unknown Sources" through your phone's secret menu, see section 3 below.- Then install it (if you do not already have an app installer just search for "Easy Installer" on the Google market and download it, then use it to install the adobe flash player).- Now you should have adobe flash access on your LG Thrive (I hope that it will work on all LG Thrives, but it may not.)This version of adobe flash player works fairly well on my phone, some flash games play almost as well on my phone as on a computer, except for the small screen; some flash games run, but are slow; while some games will not run or will even kick you out of the web site. Some flash games sites, like addicting games.com, will not allow you to enter them because they do not think that the LG Thrive is flash compatible and some sites just do not run very well. I have not tried to play flash videos much but it seems to work alright on the YouTube web site.We cannot download the new version of Adobe flash from the Google market is because for some reason Adobe does not support the type of processors that are in the LG Thrive and allot of other phones. It is not because they are not powerful enough to run it either, adobe just decided not to support them. Some of the older visions work because I think that adobe was trying to support this possessor type at first, but then for some reason they decided to stop.***Installing apps from "Unknown Sources" like Amazon market***If you want to install non-Goggle market apps like Amazon market you can just enter the phone's secret menu by dialing 3845#*506# ; then select the next to last option on the list "Unknown Sources Test" then tick the Unknown Sources check box and return to the home screen. After that you will be able to install apps from any source.***Rooting the LG Thrive*****I take no responsibility if you use these instructions to damage your phone or void your warranty.** **Honestly, rooting a phone this way is so simple that I do not see how you could mess-up your phone, but I am sure that it is possible**To root this phone you need to:- Make sure that your phone's battery is not about to go dead, because if it does in the middle of rooting it could may mess up your phone.- Enable the installation of apps from unknown sources by following the instructions in section two(above).- Then you need to get GingerBreak 1.20(search for it on Google, Amazon will not allow web addresses so I cannot put a link to it in this review).- After you have GingerBreak you have a make sure that you have a working SD card installed in the phone.- Set your phone to enabled USB debugging(go to Settings/ Applications/ Development/ than check USB debugging).- Download GingerBreak and transfer it to your phone, then install it (if you do not already have an app installer just search for "Easy Installer" on the Google market and download it, then use it to install GingerBreak).- Find GingerBreak in your apps and run it, then select "Root device" from the menu.- Wait a few minutes. If there are no problems, the device will reboot (note that the reboot itself can take like 10 minutes due to cache wipe)- Make sure the Superuser app is install and working(go to Settings/ Applications/ Manage applications/ you should see Superuser somewhere in the Running list)- Optional: Install BusyBox from Market (I personally prefer the stericsson installer)(this is a utility used by some other apps so you don't really need it until you get an app that uses it)- Optional: Uninstall GingerBreak, you don't need it on your phone anymoreYour LG Thrive should now be rooted.***Some android optimization / management tips***Another problem with the phone is that its internal memory gets used up quickly because, for some reason, quite a few apps must be installed on the internal memory instead of the SD card and this phone only has about 100mb of internal memory. You can use the app Norton Mobile Utilities to easily move all of the apps that will transfer, over to your SD card by starting the app then selecting Device/ the Internal storage pie chart/ Move Apps To SC card/ then just select the apps on the screen and click move to SD card. This does not fully solve the problem though because most of the apps still must have some data on the phone's memory and certain apps cannot be transferred, like most At&t; and Google apps and live wallpapers(I suggest uninstalling apps, games, and especially live wallpapers that you are using at the moment, you can always re-download them from Google or Amazon markets by pressing the menu button on your phone and selecting my apps while you are at one of the markets).**edit 12/12/2011 I have now found a way to fully fix the problem with the internal memory filling up too quickly, but it requires your phone to be rooted.* Increasing the Internal Phone memory on an android phone:- First, if you do not have a micro SD card reader, you need to plug your phone into your computer(If you are have never used your phone for a memory card reader before you will have to go to Settings/ SD card & phone storage/ and enable Mass storage only mode on your phone, this was disabled by default on my phone anyway).- Then copy everything from you phone's SD card into a file on your computer(in case the repartitioning of the card messes up some data).- Make sure that you have plenty of free space on your SD card.- Download the MiniTool free partition tool (search for it on Google) and install it on your computer and run it.- Locate your phone's SD card on the list of hard drives and memory devices, then right click on it and select "Move/Resize", then in the new box that pops up subtract the amount that you would like to add to your phone's intenal memory from the number in the partition size box (for instance if the card is 8GB than the partition size would be about 7500MB and if you would like to add 1GB of internal memory to your phone then change the number to 6500MB.) then click "OK".- Now a new separate block of memory should appear at the end of your phone's memory card in MiniTool's main menu, right click on it and select "Create", then in the new window set the File System to FAT32 and Create As to Primary then click "OK".- Click Apply in the upper left corner of MiniTool's main menu and wait for it to finish (this may take a while).- Once that is done, unplug your phone from the computer or put the SD card back in the phone if you where using a card reader.- Then download the app LinkSD from Google market and run it, it will ask you the format of the 2nd sd partion, select FAT32, then it will ask you to reboot your phone, turn your phone off and back.- Now run LinkSD again and it should display a list of your installed apps, press the right menu button on your phone and select "Multi-select", then press the menu button again and select "Select all", then press the menu button again and select "Actions" then in the actions menu select "Create link", then select "OK" and wait for the app to finish, then restart your phone.- Whenever your phone's internal memory gets full again just repeat the previous step.- Now you will be able to install hundreds of app if you want, instead of just the 20 or so that was possible before.* Managing an android phone's RAM:- This phone also can have some problems with its ram filling up, because when you go back to the main menu of the phone most of the apps and games do not close but keep on running in the background, so that you can go right back to what you where doing before, but this also causes the memory usage of these apps to keep stacking up and eventually slowing down your phone until you restart it or manually stop the apps through a app manager. This problem can be improved with the app Advanced Task Manager, just run the app, press the menu button on your phone, select settings, then Enable Auto Kill and set a delay time then go back to the list of apps and select all of the ones that you want stopped after the phone's screen blacks out. **edit 12/12/2011 using the Advanced Task Manager app in the way suggested above, pretty-much solved any RAM problems that I was having.***App suggestions***- You can get apps like free JuiceDefender that are suppose to increase your phones battery life by automatically turning your 3G, WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS off when you are not using them, I do not know for sure how much it is extending my phone's battery life but JuiceDefender doesn't seem to inhibit the functioning of any of my other apps, so I recommend it.- I also recommend the MX Video Player because it is the only free Android video player that I could find that would completely get rid of the black bars around any movie, you just set it in zoom mode and move two fingers apart vertically on the screen to zoom in any amount that you want, to cut out the black bars (it is add supported, but the adds are unobtrusive).- If you have a rooted phone then I highly recommend installing the free DroidWall app, as the reviewer "Jason C" suggested. DroidWall is an easy to use app that allows you to choose which apps that can have WiFi or 3G access (basically, just allow every thing with the green and white android symbol and anything that you use that you think would need internet access, such as the web browser, Google market, etc, to access at least WiFi, then only give the apps that you would like to be able access anywhere 3G access) this way you can reduce data usage on the 3G network and increase your phone's security.- I would also highly recommend the free Norton Utilities app to any android user, it is very useful for managing and monitoring your phone.- The free 3G watchdog app is another handy app that monitors your 3G data usage.- Lately there have been numerous android antivirus apps popping up on the android market, but from my research it seems that there is a big mix of opinions as to whether you need an antivirus on your android or not. My recommendation is to get one if you think that you need it, I use the free version of Lookout Mobile Security, it seems to be almost universally considered one of the best antivirus apps for android and it has automatic data backup and GPS phone locator functions as well, but its weekly automatic antivirus scans and backup might slow down your phone sometimes.

I bought this phone. Finally decided to give it a try tonight. Transfered my Sim from the LG Prime. The Sim is actually over 3 years old. Been in mutiple phones. The Android OS is Different than what I am used to. Gonna take some time to play with the Features and Settings. I dont understand what one of the previous reviewers had with connecting to a Secured Router. Connected to my Dlink in a couple of minutes. WPA Enabled. However only connects at "G" Speed. My issue (Petty) is that the FM Radio only works through Headphones. Not like the Prime which plays through the speakerphone. My Biggest issue is the 3G Fees rack up. This being my First "Smart Phone", It might be Normal. Connected to my Verizon-Yahoo E-mail and home page.So far its not a bad phone. Just Different from what I am used to. Hopefully I can pick up the Settings and Features quickly.

Upgraded Wife's prepaid bar phone to this smart phone.  All that was required to do so was to insert the old sim card into the new phone.  It is still a prepaid phone but with the looks and capabilities of today's smart phones.  Voice and data time are prepaid separately by anticipated use.  Wife loves it.

Need a new AT&T; phone?  Don't want the data plan but do want a smart phone?  Buy this prepaid phone.  Take the Sim card out of your old phone or if it has been stolen/lost buy a sim card from AT&T; with your old number programmed in and put the new Sim card in the Prepaid phone.  Works perfect for me.  Smart phone with no data plan.  I told the folks at the AT&T; store I needed the sim card because I lost my old phone and was going to buy a new phone.  This is the truth and exactly what happened.  I did not tell them it was one of their prepaid phones.All of the data from my email, address book and pictures from Picasa all downloaded to the phone over the wifi connection once I signed into my Google account.

So potentially the four-star rating that I've given this is more from the android os as opposed to the hardware, but that's what it is. This is my first phone. I only really needed phone service for brief communication of status or emergencies, and thus wanted a gophone-like plan, but gophones are typically pretty-low-tech, almost useless, lumps. This, however, is rather able.A typical day's use includes checking e-mail, reading a chapter out of the Bible (included to illustrate approximate length of time, since I'm bad with time itself), maybe receiving or making a call , maybe playing some sort of game, and listening to an hour and a half of a podcast (Security Now, it is very interesting). With that kind of usage, I will typically end up with 70 percent battery left.All in all, I am rather satisfied though I might change some very minor, preferential, os-based things.

I purchased this phone to replace another Pay as you GoPhone from AT&T; that had failed me, which also happened to be LG.  The new phone came defective with a USB connector or cable that still charged the phone but none of the PCs I have would recognize the phone as a storage device or otherwise even with the phone's drivers installed and I had no other data cable to use except the one the phone came with and I am not going to buy an aftermarket data cable to test if is the phone or not as this can void the warranty and I am fed up with this crap.  This might not be a problem for some as there are apps that let you share files wirelessly over your network but I can't synch my mp3 playlists without taking the back off the phone and popping the microSD card which isn't a good idea to do all the time.  I wish the phone had an externally accessible socket for the microSD card like many other SIMILAR phones do(like the LG Optimus V and others which are also derived from the LG Optimus One)and I am curious to why this is not part of the design.  Regardless, I'm returning the phone anyway since its so new and defective but I am steering clear of getting another LG Thrive replacement if I can.I understand these companies need to make a giant profit and want to punish people who don't want waste money on a contract for a phone they don't use that much by purposely making inferior products for them (ie., moving the SD card internal among other things) but they could still probably sell the unlocked high end phones to prepaid customers and still make a killing.  I believe this is how it is in the rest of the world, I may be wrong as I am only a simple Indiana person.  I suppose letting people who always want the newest phone out getting locked down into a contract would force companies to be more competitive and create a better market for the consumer, which would be balanced playing field and not conducive to enormous profit.Also, I realize AT&T; is probably the worst of the pay as you go carriers now but I suspect they will come eventually become competitive with Virgin Mobile.  Because right now AT&T;'s 25$ for just 500mb of data(which is NOTHING for a smartphone)is laughable in comparison to Virgins 25$ for unlimited data, unlimited texts and 300 talk minutes a month.  For someone like me the only thing I care about is which carrier is the most reliable for calls as I barely use data unless I am on my home wireless but it is worthy to note the difference in the data plans as AT&T; is charging more for less.  Even Boost has a better deal.I do enjoy the features the phone has and I am giving it 3 stars because everything else worked and for being a 600 mhz processor its actually not that bad but its just made to fail apparently.  Or maybe I'm just angry after replacing a 10 month old phone with another that breaks after a week.

And I love it. I've never had a smart phone, so learning about all the things this lil' sucker can do has been a real eye-opener. And the cost to run it isn't nearly as much as I thought it would be.First, what I pay to run it:I spent $25 dollars for a phone card, because it lasts for 90 days (as opposed to 30)and I don't use the call feature much. Any leftover time gets rolled back in if I add more time before the 90 days is up.I didn't understand at first that data wouldn't cost anything if I was connected to wi-fi. I paid $25 for 500 megs of data and didn't use anywhere near that much in a month. I spent an additional $5 on the 28th and the data I had left over from the first month rolled over. If I had waited until the first 30 days ran out, I would have lost that.I paid another $5 for 200 texts, then learned that I could bypass that charge by using Google Voice for texting instead.I love the barcode scanner that came with the phone but I get much more useful results with Google's scanner.I signed up for AT&T; Navigator, which costs money, then learned that I could use Google Navigator for free. This feature is just incredibly awesome! I can get directions from wherever I am to wherever I want to go, either by typing or talking. Navigator can tell me where the nearest pizza place is, how to get there, it'll even call the place for me.I do geocaching and I love it that Navigator will get me to the nearest parking space and then show me where the cache is, even if it's miles into the woods. I downloaded Google Earth so I could have satellite views but for the most part the regular program does just fine.I don't like that you can't remove (or even really close) any of the software AT&T; put on it. There's not a lot of space on the phone itself so I have to be careful to move any new apps that I install to the 2gig SD card that came with the phone.As far as battery life goes, I get five or six hours if I'm listening to music or playing a game that requires a lot of moving graphics and it's important not to have a whole lot of other things going on at the same time, like the browser or some syncing in addition to the game.  If the phone is mostly idle, it'll last from the time I get up until I go to bed.I like the camera, even though it has no flash. I've fooled around a bit with the video recording feature too. I wouldn't use it to record a sporting event, but it works fine for slower stuff.The only thing I really dislike about this phone is the screen. It scratches WAY too easily and the screen protectors that are made to fit seem costly.To conclude, I'm really happy with this purchase and hope it'll last a long time. (knock on wood.)

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this phone!! I got it as a Mother's Day gift and have enjoyed it ever since. As a prepaid customer I am use to the poor selection in phones or paying an arm and leg in order to stay some what current, the LG Thrive solved both problems! For a smart phone it is worth the money and since it is prepaid I am still able to control how much I spend!! This phone is my favorite Mother's Day gift ever!

I am a mobile developer and I wanted to make my iphone apps ready for the android market. I spent weeks pulling my hair out and scoffing at $400-$500 price tags for any sort of android phone. After weeks of personal research I was so happy that I found this phone! Its 600Mhz processor is good enough to play most games like angry birds, fruit ninja etc. Its screen resolution is the same as the iPhone 3G/3GS higher than similar priced phones and its 512ram is on par with most high end phones. These are very impressive stats for a $130 phone and plenty of power to do anything you really want, except higher end or 3D games.The phone came with android 2.2.1 installed, once you activate the phone with a working sim you can update it to 2.2.2 with 3G/Wifi. I went a different route though and rooted the phone and installed a custom cm7 rom so my phone now runs android 2.3.7. This is really for more advanced users but the upgrade is priceless and makes this phone almost double in value in terms of use and looks. The new keyboard looks amazing and now I have live wallpapers. Instructions to do this can be found online with a bit of looking.If you have a iPhone or your ATT phone uses a micro-sim look on amazon for a mico-sim to sim adapter! I bought one for $0.50 without any cutting or changes needed I was able to pop my micro-sim into the adapter and into this phone. Once started everything worked perfectly, 3G, phone calls everything. Which I find funny because the day before I was at the ATT store telling them I wanted a cheap phone for app development. They were incredibly unhelpful and constantly tried to sell me new lines, new contracts, and monthly plans despite me telling them I only needed it to test apps on. They told me it was impossible to use my micro-sim in this phone and that I HAD to buy something else. What a bunch of money hungry morons, 0.50 later and I was good to go.All things being said this is a amazing phone and it has a lot of potential to be even better. Its powerful enough to do most everything you would want a phone to do. The only downside I have found is that the phone has limited in phone storage for apps 200mb to be exact. The phone comes with a 2GB micro-sd card but you will need a app like "app2sd" that allows you to move some downloaded applications to the SD card instead of the phone. Angry birds is about 18mb, Netfix is about 22mb you can see how that 200mb will soon run out without the ability to move data to the sd card. App2Sd is free and is in the android market.I highly recommend this phone for anyone wanting a basic or starter smartphone. If you are stuck with ATT and want to develop mobile apps for android their is no better option for the price than this phone. This phone is $179 at the ATT store, and is not sold at my target, walmart, or radioshack so get it on Amazon and save $40!

This is a great phone easy to use. apps work great. I wish i could download apps from Amazon but ATT will not let it happen. O well

So far, this phone is a 4-star phone. Could become a 5 over time. My first dream come true was when I put the SIM card from my busted iPhone (my fault, not theirs) in the phone. I have a regular account with ATT and hoped this would work. IT DID!! I have all my call, data and internet features PLUS I got 48 minutes in anytime minutes added. Even better. Anyway, I truly like it very much so far.Here's what I've noticed on the down-side:Google crap all over - I don't use Google all that much so I wish this didn't exist on the phone. But no biggie.The touch screen does need a heavier hand than the iPhone. I sometimes have to touch the buttons a few times for them to activate. Again, no biggie for me. I'm not a type A personality.I am having trouble setting up my yahoo email account with the email  button. Would be great to have it at a button touch but again, no biggie for me, I just access my mail account from the internet.I have a child so the camera and video are important features and they seem to work easily and well. And I use the alarm to wake up so that's also easy to use. There is a voice dialer - haven't used it yet but can't wait.Altogether, I'm very happy with this phone and hoping when I use it more I will be even happier.

good deal and quality from at&t and amazon. I love shopping from amazon.com they always have better deals and most of there items have better quality for such a great price.

I'm sixteen and bought this phone...its the first "smart phone" I've ever had and I absolutely LOVE it. It hasn't had any glitches. You can listen to music, browse the web, update facebook every 5 seconds, and get games and books. If I could change one thing about the phone it would be that it had a camera button on the side. Battery lasts great, listen to music all day and it doesn't even take up half of the batter life. GREAT PHONE, definitively recommended.EDIT!!Had the phone for over a year now, still works pretty good. My friends' iPhones crack so easily- this thing is a TANK!!

This is a decent Android phone (2.2).  The memory limitations are well documented.  But if you are sick of paying for the data plan then you can use this phone.  It takes a full size Simm. Do not do the update that is available for the phone.  Do not call your provider Att if you don't have to.  If you do or if you try and access 3g then ATT will slap you with a 2 gig data plan for $25.  If they do hit you with the charge call them and demand they take it off as well as pay as you go data plan that they will try to sell you.  You won't be able to send a picture or video but your text and calling features will still work.  You have to go into settings/wireless networks/mobile networks and make sure data enabled is unchecked, before you put your Simm card in.  Or when you insert your Simm card it will search for a data plan.  You can use the WIFI setting to send pictures or video with the Whatsapp or Google voice application available in the Android Market.  Hope this helps.  The Apps that can be used and features that are useable have already been mentioned in other posts.

I bought this phone with three main usage in mind: emergency phone, GPS and camera. Since I have access to phone most of the time during the day, I only need an emergency phone. I need GPS for travel convenience and use camera for capturing my sons' activities any time I want. This phone is a perfect choice for me. I first took the old go phone SIM card to this new phone and my account was all set in a second. I dowloaded co-pilot for only 5 bucks, and never used any data plan. At one time I need access web on the road, I just stopped by at McD.  The only change I need to make is buying a new 8 GB memory to hold the offline maps from co-pilot. I recommended this phone to several of co-workers.

This phone really tops all go phones that I have had. I was a bit leary being that I dont like the touch screen phones but I took a chance and purchased this one and I am THRILLED!! I have recommended this phone to everyone. I like the fact I can access internet thru the WiFi connection on here... It came with a few apps such as Facebook, Youtube, Twitter.. But I plan on purchasing this phone for my sister for Christmas.. Thanks AT&T..u really out did yourself with this one ;-))

Just got the LG Thrive - Great Device for Price and Features.We have very little need for phone or data so our $25.00 for 3 months voice plan and $5.00 for 30 days data - sure it's only 5MBS but 100MBS for $15.00 - is more than adequate.So really low cost voice and data and really nice 3.2" Froyo device - LG Quality build.

ordered this phone on the 15th it got here on the 22nd (picked free shipping, wont do that again)i have had the phone for two days now and i love it99.9% of apps i have downloaded from the market all work on the phone well,(including team viewer)i was suprised how well the games play (e.g. crush the castle, angry birds)did a little research on the phone beforehand and found out it has a slowerprocessor then most androids, identical to the Pheonix.has not lagged yet. Awesome live backgrounds, been using it as an mp3 player,i charged it for about 3 hours and it runs for about 6 in sleep(while playing mp3s)great sound quality (speaker and headphone) except when watching you tube videos (mostof you tube's videos audio sucks any way)not very many cons with the phone i have found so far, when taking the sticker off the screen protector it left glue all over it, so i just took it off, and my niece ran off with it thinking it was a sticker, if anyone can comment on here and suggest some screen protectors that fit, and work well it would be much appreciated.

It is a good entry smart android phone , internal memory too little , can not download many application and even update the app , keep pop up tell u not enought memory .Delete some app.

this phone is a battery hog.  has to recharge it at least once a day.  att also put alot of useless apps in there which you cant delete.

I have had this phone now for over a year and it still works. Kind of outdated now... But I find that I still don't see any reason to upgrade. I am using this with my old AT&T pay as you go Sim card.

OK, so I'm new to the smartphone world but, from my point of view, this phone is very good - - so far (I've had it for only 1 month).The screen is bright enough to view in full sunlight, responsive to touch and has a mostly intuitive to use.Of course, the really exciting part is the the Android apps are numerous, mostly free or very low cost and are easy to install with any old Wi-Fi connection.My only complaint is that I must recharge the battery every 3 days despite only talking an average of 15 minutes/day.  And, yes, I use the default app to minimize the number of apps open including the Wi-Fi & satellite apps.Overall, I am very satisfied with this $150 hand-held computer/phone.  Remember the old days when a phone weighed 5 pounds, had a cord attached to a wall and only made phone calls ???  Yea, I'm old.

Have had for over six months now and still love it! Battery lasts long, the gophone pricing package option of 10cents/minute is perfect for me and I rarely use all of my minutes, so I add the least amount per month. Regarding data plan, had to only add a $5 data plan twice now as I have hot spots everywhere but it worked great on the AT&T broadband when needed. All the Android features, camera, video, apps form app store have been very helpful. Do get a screen protection film, as I did asap based on other users' posts. My phone is not at all scratched. This is an excellent smart phone especially for the price. If you don't make calls often and have free access to wireless most of the time and you want to save money, this is the smart phone (with AT&T go phone options) for you!

** See bottom of review for change log.1] Phone ReviewThis phone is like having an iPod Touch that can leave your WiFi network when necessary. It is exactly what I was looking for. I work from home, travel every 2 months, and could not justify paying $70+ a month for a phone that I'll barely use off of a wireless network. My only regret is buying this from the AT&T; store when I could have gotten it a bit cheaper on Amazon.com.The graphics look great and the touch screen is very responsive. ** The screen can scratch after some use though, so I would suggest using a screen protector. I have a small 1-2cm portion of my screen that has several small scratches in it that is distracting in sunlight when there is no screen protector in place. I bought the stock screen protector from the AT&T; store. It has worked well to protect the screen and diffuses the appearance of the small scratches so they cannot be seen.The sound quality through the speaker is a bit weak but a set of headphones sounds great especially with Pandora or Audible audio books.  One strange thing I've noticed though is that in a quiet room with ear bud headphones even the lowest volume setting can seem too loud. This might be related to the headphones I am using or the fact that I am near sleep and sounds that were once comfortable seem louder as I drift off. If you encounter this one a workaround is to buy headphones that have a built in volume control.I've seen other professional reviewers state the phone is not overly attractive but I think it looks nice. The screen cleans easily and every button is where you would expect it to be on an Android phone. No phone snobs have made fun of my phone for its appearance.So far the phone has been powerful enough to run almost every app I've thrown at it even though it only has a 600mhz processor. I've seen Angry Birds Rio and Plants vs Zombies slow down when the graphics/physics get very intense on a complicated map but it has not impeded my game. There were two "free app of the day" games that used intense/3D graphics that didn't even install on the device, but I have played other graphics intense games with no issue.The camera is average and what I expected. Using the free app of the day Retro Camera app I made some great pictures while on a trip out West. I also used the Daily Roads Voyager app to take time lapse pictures of a drive through Death Valley and the results turned out great.  I did not expect high resolution images/video and the quality is not horrible. The audio quality on videos is a bit poor.The battery life has been what I expected. I can actively play Words with Friends, pirate games, air traffic control games (intermittently letting the phone rest while I watch tv) for about 4-5 hours before it starts to get low on battery. Otherwise in standby mode with WiFi, Skype, Facebook, and email apps running it tends to stay almost full all day long. I believe actively interacting with the screen is what drains the power the fastest. Streaming music, or some other passive actions tends to drain it slowly.One other reviewer suggested turning off unnecessary features such as Bluetooth when not in use and I agree. Leaving GPS on will definitely drain your battery. I suggest using a wired power source when using this phone for navigation.I would recommend this phone to anyone who has been looking for a reasonably priced prepaid Android phone or someone who has wanted an Android version of an iPOD Touch.(That being said the AT&T; salesperson that I purchased the phone from mentioned that I could likely use the same GO plan with any Android phone in their store. Though I would never purchase a $500 phone for any reason, I am wondering if it would be possible to buy a used/unlocked more powerful phone from the Web and use the SIM card from this phone in it.2] AndroidThe interface is not an iPhone interface but it looks great. The operating system runs fairly smooth and has a small learning curve. What I like most about the Android interface is its flexibility. You can easily download new keyboards, animated backgrounds, new widgets, and a host of other features not included in the original install. The voice to text feature in the included Android Keyboard works really well when searching for directions or locations, but really isn't a substitute for texting or updating Facebook yet.One of the greatest values of this phone is its built in GPS and software. The Google Navigator software allows you to download a route via your wireless network and drive that route without need of a data connection. If you get a little off your route the navigator can even get you back on course without having to download new maps. If the navigator doesn't give you enough assurance for a few dollars you can download some offline GPS applications and use the device just like you would a Garmin/TomTom. (If you did this you would likely need to buy a bigger SD card than the included 2GB card.)I used the built-in Google Navigator on a recent trip out west and enjoyed it. I found though that Utah and a lot of national parks do not have data service. That means that you can't do new searches while you're in the middle of say... Death Valley. What I did to mitigate this was download a free 7 day trial of an offline GPS program. I found my phone worked much better than my wife's iPhone using MapQuest's free software.The biggest downside to the Android operating system is the fact that some apps must be installed on the built-in flash memory. That means that after a while you'll find yourself running out of built-in storage space. Many Google apps do not move to the external SD card. The key is to preferentially install apps that can move to the SD card, and to remove any apps that you do not use regularly. If you purchase an app from Google or Amazon you can always download them again later.3] Data Plans/UsageYou do not have to pay a regular monthly fee for data but purchased data does expire after 30 days. If you add more data before the 30 days expires then your existing data gets extended for another 30 days. Money you have placed on your account expires at a different rate based on the amount of cash you have put down. For instance, I put down $25 and it is good for 90 days.A] Saving money on purchased dataThe most economical way to manage your data plan is to initially buy 500mb of data for $25 then set up an auto-renewal via [pay gonline dot com] for 10mb at $5 every month.There is a big red flag to look out for though. When you do this you'll notice that the renewal date for the data plan is set for one day after your current data plan expires. Brad noticed this a few weeks ago and noted it in the comment section. I noticed this again tonight when I set up the auto-renewal. It appears that AT&T; never intended for their auto-renewal service to extend your previous data plan. Instead it appears that they allow your current data plan to expire, then they add in the automated renewal. Again, this is how the process *appears* to work, if you want to know for certain you should contact AT&T; Customer Support.So Brad appears to have found a workaround for this issue. There is a way you can setup the data renewal so it renews on a different schedule than your data expiration.*** Please remember that when you make data plan purchases you do so at your own free will. Neither I or anyone else in the comments section of this review are responsible for purchases you make. If this workaround does not resolve the problem I am not responsible for money you gave to AT&T.; When you purchase data in $5 increments from AT&T; you are purchasing data, not a clever means to workaround a limitation of their web site. This workaround process will cost you at least an extra $5 just to use the workaround to change the renewal data to a different schedule than your expiration date. ***[Setting up Automatic Data Renewal]i.  Go to [pay gonline dot com] (please note there is just one 'o' which is shared between the two concatenated words)ii.  Log into your account. (If you don't have a pin or have forgotten it; have it text messaged to your phone)iii. Click on 'Account Summary' from the menu on the left and scroll down to the Feature Packages section. Note your data package and the date it is set to expire.iv.  Click on 'Automatic Feature Package Renewal'v.  Confirm that you do not currently have auto-renewal set up for a data plan and click 'Yes' under the 'To setup automatic feature package renewal on another feature select Yes.' heading.vi.  Select the 10MB for $5 from the renewal options and confirm that you want this setting.vii. Select 'Automatic Feature Package Renewal' again from the menu on the left. Note that the Auto Renew date is now set exactly one day past the expiration data for your current data plan that you observed on the 'Account Summary' page.At this point it appears that your current data plan will expire before the auto-renewal takes place. To fix this, simply add an additional $5 data plan by following the steps below:[Changing the renewal date to a different schedule than your current data expiration rate]i.  Select 'Buy Feature Packages' from the menu on the left.ii.  Under the 'Data Packages' heading, select 'Data 10MB $5.00' and click Submit.iii. Click on 'Account Summary' from the menu on the left and scroll down to the Feature Packages section. Note your current data package is now set to expire on a different schedule than your renewal. Your next renewal should now take place before your current data package expires.** Remember, your account can only auto-renew if you have added enough money to your account.** Remember, you don't have to use this workaround. Simply picking up the phone and calling AT&T; may be enough to get the renewal data to occur on a different schedule than your data plan expiration.IV: Go to Brad's review of this phone and mark it as helpful as thanks for his hard work on finding this option and other workarounds for this phone.B] Curtailing data usageOne key to curtailing data usage is to turn off 3G/Edge access (when not needed). By default there is indeed a widget labeled 3G that when toggled will turn on/off 3G/Edge access. (Thanks to Brad for reminding me of this in the comments section. I had uninstalled all of my widgets while cleaning up and had forgotten to re-enable this one) This can also be accomplished by going to Settings > Wireless & networks > Mobile Networks > Data enabled. This gives you the assurance your phone is not using paid data time without your permission.The problem is that when the mobile data network is enabled you have no inherit way to control which running applications access the network and how much data they use. Worse still is that when using the built-in task manager killing some apps (such as Skype) only causes them to re-spawn into memory. So you can't just easily kill all the data hogging apps out of memory.There are various task managers you can download that will allow you to do a Force/Stop on Skype and other re-spawning applications to keep them from running. I am currently using Task Manager from the Marketplace to kill those apps. Just remember that some applications spawn themselves as soon as data access is detected so you may need to use the Task Manager to kill them after you turn on mobile data access.An application called 3G Watchdog can be used to monitor your data usage over time, and the AT&T; Mobile Care software will tell you how much data you have remaining on your plan.The flaw of the Task Manager and the fact that there is no built in firewall are inherit deficiencies of Android and should not be singled out in this phone.**UpdateThese days I generally just turn on/off 3G data access when I need it and I've stopped worrying about wasted MB. If you use your phone in a fashion in which its only on the 3G data network when you are actively using it then you probably won't use that much data.4] Upgrading the PhoneAT&T; has released Android update 2.2.2 for this phone. The major feature of this update is the fact that it gives you the ability to gain access to the Amazon app store (and presumably other apps stores) without having to use any hidden menus or root your phone. I was able to perform this update even though I have rooted my phone.To preform the update navigate to the following Settings menu:Settings > About Phone > Software Update > Update NowThe process should take a few minutes and give some indication that it is working after a couple of minutes. Many people in the comments section have reported trying to upgrade their phones but having the process hang. Brad in the comments section has found a way around this problem:Brad: "I went into Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications -> All. I then tapped "com.lge.omadmclient", and then tapped the "Clear data" button.The first time I tried to update, I got a force close prompt. However, I was immediately able to try again, and successfully got it to update. It only had to check for about 15 seconds before it found the update."After following the steps (and possibly the Clear Data workaround) above you should have an upgraded phone. You can verify this by navigating to the following Settings menu:Settings > About Phone - Scroll to the Android version, it should now read as 2.2.2.In order to allow the phone to install the Amazon app store and subsequent Amazon apps you may need to check the following Settings item:Settings > Applications > Unknown Sources5] Rooting the Phone** I take no responsibility if you use these sparse instructions to somehow damage your phone or void your warranty. Rooting the phone is a risky undertaking.**I found a free app called DroidWall that appears to be exactly what prepaid Android phone users need. It allows the user to specify which applications have data access. It also allows one to specify whether a particular application has access to the Wifi Network, the mobile data network, or both. The problem is the application requires root access to your phone.Root access refers to the security access running applications have to your phone. By "rooting" your phone you give certain applications access to features of your phone previously protected by the operating system. In the case of DroidWall, rooting the phone gives the application access to native Linux settings that make the firewall operation possible.There is some risk in rooting a phone. Some online have said that rooting the phone voids the warranty and prevents you from getting future updates. Others claim you only lose future updates if you uninstall the stock software from the device. I can state that I have rooted my phone without removing any of the stock software and I was able to receive the 2.2.2 update.Rooting the phone is definitely not something that can be done by the average phone user. (This is despite the fact that PC applications exist that can root the phone in one click. That's because the initial setup can be a bit daunting.) There may be easier ways to root the phone but I have not explored them.A few weeks ago I took the plunge, followed a tutorial online using SuperOneClick, and was able to gain permanent root access to the phone. Getting SuperOneClick to work was a bit difficult as I had to find an old version of the application that contained a hack that would work. That particular version of superOneClick also set off alarms in my virus scanner because the hack itself is indeed virus-like behavior. (It breaks into the Android Linux OS and gains top security access.) After using SuperOneClick I had to download the BusyBox installer from the app store and that is how I gained permanent root access.Overall I am glad I rooted the phone. The DroidWall program works well and has probably saved me several MB of data while on the 3G network. In order to get web access to work with the firewall you do have to give network access to more apps than just "web". I'm still uncertain of the exact combination but I think it requires you also give the Linux kernel and the LG software 3G access before the browser will work.Rooting the phone also allowed me to easily install the Amazon App Store, but as you may have read above there is now an update for this phone that allows the Amazon app store to be installed.The only thing I have not been able to do is overclock the processor. Apparently the included Linux kernel on this phone does not allow the processor to be overclocked to 800mhz. I've found that I would need to upgrade the Linux kernel to a patched version (that adds some other fixes/features) before I could overclock it. So don't expect to overclock the phone just because you gain root access. (Though with some work it apparently is possible to overclock the processor.)Remember a rooted phone is a vulnerable phone. Some apps could hide code to take advantage of a rooted phone, steal your data, and user your phone to spam or attack others on the internet.6] Amazon Application StoreThe Amazon Application Store has one feature that the Android Marketplace does not have, and that is the free giveaway of a new app every day. I have to admit this marketing tactic has drawn me to using Amazon to search for apps instead of Google.Previously AT&T; didn't allow installation of the Amazon Application Store. I will leave the follow instructions as a part of this review just in case anyone has need of them. The recommended action to upgrade the phone's OS to Android 2.2.2 and then install the Amazon app store.LEGACY Instructions:[A: Using the Hidden Menu (Courtesy of Brad from the comments section)]** Important, you must follow these instructions carefully. Selecting another setting in this hidden menu could have adverse effects on your phone. You would most likely have to confirm any adverse changes you made to the phone's settings but it is still a good idea to be careful. I take no responsibility if you harm your phone by following these instructions or by making a mistake following these instructions. Do this at your own risk. **1) Open up your phone's dialer2) Type the following characters without pressing the call button:3845#*506#3) This will display a hidden menu.4) Scroll down and select "Unknown Sources Test."5) Check the "Unknown Sources" box on the screen.6) Back out of the menu system with the back button and install the Amazon App Store.**Thanks Brad for providing this information. I do not know if this setting is permanent or if it must be done per application installation as I have already rooted my phone.**[B: Using Side Loading Software and a PC]Just search for the instructions on connecting the LG Optimus One to your computer. Download the drivers linked from those instructions and install them. Then find the instructions on using Side Loading software to install the Amazon App Store on the phone.One important thing to note is that even when you get the Amazon App Store installed on your phone you'll still need a PC to install any other apps you download via Amazon. (Unless you have root access to the phone)Basically the process to install an app from Amazon (without root access) is:1) Download an application via the Amazon App.2) Ignore the error message about not being able to install 3rd party apps.3) Use one of the various means to get the app transferred to your PC. (Such as dropbox)4) Hook the phone to your PC.5) Use the Side Loading software to install the app.ClosingI hope this review helps someone out there, who like me, has been looking for a good prepaid Android phone without a commitment. Feel free to ask any questions you have and I'll do my best to answer them. Though admittedly those in the comment section have proven more adept at answering questions and researching workarounds (such as Brad) than I.>>>>Change Log History:May 5, 2012* I have all-but abandoned this review. I apologize to anyone who was waiting on additional information about forcing applications to install on the SD card (without rooting) or placing a ROM on the device with a later build of Android. I find that I do not have the time or expertise to relate this information to you. If you google LG Optimus or LG P506 in relation to roms you will likely find the information you are looking for. I will leave this review as-is for the foreseeable future.* I am still using the rooted phone without any major problems. I have noticed that some free apps from Amazon are incompatible with this phone. Yet almost every app I have tried to install on this phone has worked without incident.December 13, 2011* Added information about setting up a auto-renewal of data feature to save money.* Older history items from the Change Log have been moved to the bottom of the review.August 1, 2011Updated some information in the review based on my extended experience with the phone.July 30, 2011** Added information from Brad in the comments section regarding how to upgrade your phone to 2.2.2 which will give it inherit Amazon.com app store access.June 24, 2011** Please read the comments section for information from reviewers if you're interested in moving your standard GO Phone SIM card to this phone.June 23, 2011:** Added simpler/easier instructions for installing the Amazon App Store and Amazon Apps on this phone without Side Loading software courtesy of Brad in the comments section. (Thanks Brad. BTW Brad has a great review of this phone in the review section.)June 18, 2011:** Added advice about the screen and scratching.June 9, 2011:** Added a separate section on my experience with rooting the phone

My son dropped his other LG Thrive Phone (which is identical to this one) that we had purchased at the AT&T store for $179.95 in the washing machine. We sent the phone in to LG to be repaired and they said it could not be repaired due to water damage. Not sure if they just didn't want to repair it under warrantee or if it really couldn't be. None the less my son was so heartbroken. He has had a lot of phones (epensive ones) but has never liked a phone as much as he LOVES this one. Amazon is a great place to deal with and their prices are reasonable. My son loves his phone. He says it's the best phone he has ever had. We also purchased the car charger for this phone at a lot cheaper rate and a hard rubber case which will help protect the phone if it is dropped.

This is my first smart phone. I purchased it mainly because a) I was interested in Android development and b) I wanted to keep my AT&T; GoPhone plan. This phone has been excellent on both counts.I work from home, so I have WiFi access most of the time. The $5/month data plan is adequate for my needs.The battery easily lasts two days with light-to-moderate usage. I can stretch it to three on occasion.Overall, this phone is a great value for a first-time smart phone user.

The LG Thrive is a great Android phone. Eventhough it doesn't have a 1GHz processor it's plenty fast. Really good enty-level Android.

My first smartphone. Shipped with android 2.2.1. Activated and got a phone number by punching *123*zip code*11, then browsed the web through wifi all without submitting any other info than my zip code. Went to Att prepaid web site, logged in with my new phone number and selected refill, I picked $100, it's good for 365 days! You Don't need to buy a data plan if you are only going to use wifi for data.I installed Netflix, Audible, Kindle and life 360 etc. It's awesome how you can store audible files on the micro SD, that doesn't work on my tablet. There's enough memory on the phone to fill up the space allocated on the 7 Screens with applications, but perhaps not games.I'm a very happy customer, everything exceeded my expectations.Thank you Amazon, LG, Google Android and At&t; !

I've used this LG Thrive for almost a year. It does everything that I need: play Podcast, take picture/video, communicate with friends through Whatapp, offline dictionaries, reminder, etc. The battery life is pretty good. The price is great. Totally satisfied!

Android 2.2.1 is kinda old, 200 RAM is kinda low(all att apps can't uninstall), anyway it's a good product and working just fine. You can add a data package for 3G like 500MB for $25, 100MB for $15 or 10MB for $5, and it can be rollover.

This phone only costs me $25 every 3 months. Try getting a smartphone for that price anywhere else. I'm so glad AT&T; finally came out with a smartphone for people like me that primarily need the phone for emergencies. Now I finally have a phone that's not only for emergencies, it does a whole lot more to make me more productive and have fun. It's a good deal for me.I'm rarely out of range of wireless access so AT&T;'s high data plan charges haven't bothered me. In fact I haven't even needed the $5 data plan I bought almost a month ago. This phone gives me full access to my Outlook calendar, email, and notes when I go to meetings. Even better, I always have some games to play when I've got a few minutes to kill.The phone itself is pretty much a standard Android with a few AT&T; apps. It has haptic feedback which helps when typing. I haven't been able to get Swype installed since for some unknown reason they won't put it in the Android Market. Any apps that are not on the Android Market are blocked in this phone. However, that's the only app I've had trouble getting installed.The only thing I think needs improvement is the screen is washed out in sunlight. This makes it nearly impossible to take pictures or video outdoors. Picture quality is good, about what you would expect from a camera of this type.Battery life is good. I haven't had a case yet where I've had to charge it before the end of the day even with heavy use. I love this phone and am very pleased with its performance.

Let me preface this review by saying that I've never had a smartphone, so I don't have a lot of hands on experience with other smartphones, but I have to say that this little Thrive is fantastic!This works exclusively on AT&T;'s GoPhone service, and as a GoPhone customer for 3 years now I can tell you that for the price it's not too bad. GoPhone isn't the best service in the world, but the coverage map is pretty wide, and I haven't had any major issues with them. So, let's get to some pros and cons that I've noticed in my 26hours of usage.Pros:*Eye catching - This phone isn't ugly at all, it's not the fanciest phone in the world, but it is definitely visually appealing.*Interface - The phone interface is very user friendly, but there is a bit of a learning curve when it comes to adjusting phone settings and hotkeys.*Keyboard - The on-screen keyboard is great (when tilted to the side) but every now and then I struggle to hit the right key. I hate AutoCorrect so I had to remove that ASAP!*Speed- The phone is pretty speedy when using CERTAIN features of the phone. Notepad, email, internet, etc are very fast. The games can load a bit slowly, but it's hit or miss.*Android - Like I said, I'm a new smartphone user, but wow I love the Android platform. I'm a google groupie so they can pretty much do no wrong in my eyes, but Android is responsive, user-friendly, appealing to the eye, and stable!Cons:-Very slow bootup time. Once you've booted the interface is slow for about a minute as all the background programs are loading.-GoPhone service requires you to purchase a data pack, regardless of what package you had previously. This means that the supposedly unlimited minute, messaging, and DATA package (for $50 a month) will NOT give you data (although minute and messaging options will still work).*EDIT* To clarify - Since the Thrive is a smart phone you CANNOT use the $50 package for data use. They charge data separately at really horrible rates. The highest they have is 500mb  for 25 dollars! Seriously horrible.*EDIT*Anyways, for the price you really can't go wrong with this entry level smart phone! I love mine,Tyler

I ordered this phone on Oct. 14 and got it on Oct 19! Quick shipping. I love this phone! It does everything I need it to! The only problem though is that I cant download pictures when people send them to me but other than that its a great phone!

LG THRIVE HAVE BEEN SHIPPING WITH NEWER FIRMWARE AND ANDROID 2.2 FOR LONG TIME NOW. HOWEVER THESE PHONES FROM HERE COME WITH ANDROID 2.1 AND THE OLDER FIRMWARE AND WILL NOT UPDATE. THEY SAY THAT OTA UPDATES NOT SUPPORTED. SO AMAZON IS SHIPPING OLD PHONE, BETTER BET GO TO WALMART FOR SAME PRICE OR BESTBUY FOR A LITTLE MORE

Hi y'all,I've been using the 10/min plan with data packages that I renewed every 30 days. I'm having trouble renewing the data packages now: the phone tells me I need to upgrade at least to a 25 $/month plan plus data. Has anyone studied this? Has life just gotten more expensive? Is there a way to keep using 3G occasionally without getting a $25 plan? Is it worthwhile switching to MetroPCS or Virgin?"Reviews must contain at least 20 words about the product:"I'm very happy with it. It's a real smartphone that can run Google Maps, MapMyFitness, Skype etc. for a fraction of the cost of an iPhone, and it's not too big.Thanks,M

This is my worst experience of a purchase. The phone stopped working (could not turn on). Called their technical support and was sent back to repair. The phone was never fixed after two times of back forth shipping and repairs. I was told they will send me a replace phone. Waited for more than a month and did not hear anything. Then they said there was no replacement phone, so I need to send it back to repair again. But shipping label has not been sent after numerous phone calls. Very frustrated with their service.

This phone has very little internal memory and with all the crap apps it comes pre-installed with, it leaves very little room to download anything! You can't move anything pre-installed to a memory card either. whenever you update apps you get a low memory warning...so I was VERY dissapointed with this phone. It locks up constantly and the only way to reset it is by removing the battery.

I'm using the LG Thrive for developing Android apps and I couldn't be happier.  With a low price and no contract, it's on par with developing for iOS on an iPod Touch.  While it's not a speed demon, it's more than adequate for testing out your apps.

I had to return this because the call quality was so bad.  It wasn't the network, because I have an old LG Vu that got better call quality on AT&T.

I love electronics in general, so I was extremely excited when I was able to get this essentially unlocked Android phone for only $150. The purchasing process was easy, the delivery was fast, and the set up was painless.I made the decision not to buy data for my phone, but it works out well for me because both my home and my work have WiFi so I'm almost always able to get on the internet. While I wish the camera had more mega-pixels, the 3.2 it does have do a nice job. I really don't have any complaints about this phone, other than the fact that I was so overwhelmed when I first got because I didn't know where to start with everything it could do! I would definitely recommend this to someone looking to upgrade their phone for a relatively cheap price.I also read somewhere that this phone will be eligible for the 2.3 gingerbread software upgrade, so my fingers are crossed.Also, battery life it really good for how much I use the phone.

I had this as an optimus V for Virgin Mobile, (sold it with the contract),loved the phone and wanted one for AT&T.;  The Lg Thrive is AT&T;'s model of this phone.  I find the only difference is the tethering hack.  On this one you can get into the hidden menu and uncheck entitlement under connectivity test.  But this resets everytime you reboot the phone.  3845#*506# on dialpad for secret menu access.A more permanent way is to remove your sim, go to market with wifi, download and install 'wireless tether for root users', and then put your sim back in.  Then you can just go to the screen and hit the icon to tether.  You must be rooted.  Use gingerbreak.  Put the apk on your sd card, and with debugging on and and unknown sources checked, run the gingerbreak and it's an easy root.  The only minor glitch was titanium BU telling me I wasn't rooted.  I needed to download a more recent superuser thru the problems button.  Once that fixes SU, no further problems.If you factory reset, you lose root and can then send phone to be repaired if needed.  No need to fear rooting.  It's reversible on this one.I am coming from an iphone 3gs. This is about the same size with the same size screen. I have an android tablet, and an android phone works better with it.  I am also using a contract sim.  The OLAM can't identify the phone, so ATT doesn't know what phone it is unless you tell them (don't).  Using $10 family data.Even though it has a glass screen, use a screen saver.I have successfully used the cellunlocker(dot)net service to unlock this and it has worked. Now it can be used as a world phone in Europe.  It works on bands 850,900,1800,1900,2100. Get a european sim card for cheap rates abroad.Those are my highlights of the Thrive.  A lot of phone in a little package.  Great value.  Decent screen, sound, sd card support, Set up a secondary partition on your sd card, add a  primary ext2, about 1.5 GB, and download link2sd from market, and many apps can then be installed.I love this phone.  I want a Samsung galaxy S2, but I'll settle for this very functional android phone for 1/4 the price.

I bought this to replace a broken Blackberry because I didn't want to play $400-500 to ATT for a phone in between contracts.  Just swapped out the sim and I now I have a far superior phone.  It runs Android 2.2.1 so it's very responsive even with a 600 Mhz processor.  The screen is not as good as an iPhone4 or Atrix or Captivate, but it's 1/4 the price.  This phone will hold is value because it's so cheap.  If you take good care of it with a decent case and screen protector, you will definitely be able to resell it for over $100 next year and trade up to a better model.  Smart phones are like computers, you will always be able to get cheaper and better every year.

I have had this phone for about a month, and I am very happy with it.  I had been waiting for a smart phone that could be used with my ATT Go Phone plan to become available. When the phone arrived I simply moved my current Go Phone SIM to the new phone and it worked immediately.  I didn't have to change any of my voice mail or other settings, and the phone found all of my contact information that was stored on the SIM, as well as the contact info from my Gmail account.While it does not have the most recent version of the Android operating system, it seems to do everything I need it to do. It worked flawlessly with all of my Google services as soon as I signed into my account for the first time using the phone. The only minor issue that I have had is that the phone seems to lose its connection to my home WiFi network from time to time, but it is easy to get reconnected when this happens. Some other reviewers have said that it did not work with WPA security, but I have had no problem with it connecting to my home WiFi that uses WPA-psk. I also purchased a 16GB micro SD card from Amazon because it wasn't clear in the product description that the phone came with a SD card.  It did come with a 2GB card, so if you don't plan to store a lot of stuff on the phone, a higher capacity SD card is probably not necessary.Since I have a huge balance in my prepaid Go Phone account with ATT, I initially signed up for the 100MB data plan with auto renewal.  In a month, I only used about 8MB of data, so when the data plan renewed it automatically carried over 92MB+ of data.  I mainly use the phone with WiFi, so I expect that I will be downgrading to the 5MB for $5 a month data plan soon. Since the data plan is charged against the excess balance in my Go Phone voice account, I can see that I will now have a huge balance in both voice minutes and data for the $25 I spend every 90 days to keep my account active. This means that I am paying about $8 a month for mobile phone and smart phone service compared to the much higher cost of a monthly contract.This is an excellent phone for anyone who is not making a lot of voice calls or spending a lot of time connected to the web over 3G.

I am using this for the past 3 days & this is the best no contract android phone on AT&T network. Battery life is extremely good & with 600mhz processor phone is relatively fast.

Having had this phone 2 months, so far so good.  A great value for the money.  Does all of the basic functions we need of it really well.  In many ways it exceeds my much more expensive Blackberry Bold in capabilities, but in BB's defence, that is a much older model.

After holding out for a long time on a smart phone, this phone on ATT's GoPhone plan finally got me to come over. I like having the capability of a smart phone, but hate paying the monthly fees when I rarely use them. I use prepaid because I'm a light user, and it helps me control cost.Pick either 10c/min or 2$ per day unlimited.Be aware AT&T; will make you buy a data plan for $5 per month for 10 MB, even if you never use it because it's a smart phone.PROS:Droid is a great OS, and open sourceDecent phone for $150 with no long term contract.AT&T;'s service for porting my old number and filling the phone has been excellent.The coverage is probably second only to VerizonIt's not with Apple who ripped us off with in app purchases and forces DRM on your content.CONS:Micro USB connector is non standard so you may need new chargers.2 GB Micro SD will probably need to be replaced for most MP3 & Navigation purposes.Smart phone battery life is not like a regular phone.

UPDATE 3/30/14: Be aware that the original review below is quite old, and many of the tips are no longer valid.  By today's standards, this phone is VERY outdated, and other phones like a Google Nexus would be highly preferable at a similar cost.  AT&T; has crippled their Pay-As-You-Go plans for people who want cheap data, as now it'll cost at least $30/month for cellular data (though you can still get decent deals on AT&T;'s network with smaller companies like AirVoice or H2O Wireless).UPDATE - June 22, 2011:  ** HOW TO USE AMAZON'S APPSTORE WITH THE LG THRIVE **By default, AT&T; has disabled installing apps from "unknown sources" (i.e. Amazon Appstore).  Rumor has it that there's an Android OS 2.2.2 update being pushed out over the air for this phone which re-enables this feature.  Unfortunately, I can't get my Thrive to check for updates at all.  However, you CAN enable installing unknown source apps using a "secret menu".  Just dial 3845#*506# and a settings menu will appear.  Scroll down and tap "Unknow Sources Test".  Then check the "Unknown sources" box on the screen that pops up.  Amazon Appstore should work as intended now!First things first: this is no $500-600 flagship phone.  But for under two hundred bucks, it's an excellent value, and can do almost anything that any of the fancy smartphones can do.  And for someone who doesn't use many voice minutes, and can ration 3G data by taking advantage of Wi-Fi, the monthly fees can be incredibly low when compared to a smartphone contract.PROS* Using the 10-cent per minute plan, this can give you a smartphone for as little as $8.33/month (that is, if you use fewer than 33 voice minutes & less than 10MB of 3G data every month).  If you find yourself low on data, you can spend twenty-five bucks to add 500MB (up to a max of 1500MB) that will roll over every month that you continue purchasing a data package.  Voice minutes can also be added in 150 to 1000 minute increments at any time.* If you port your old number or sign up for a new number using Google Voice, you can get free text messaging without paying a monthly texting fee to AT&T; (texts will come to your phone through your data plan or Wi-Fi).  Be aware that you'll want to send & receive texts through the Google Voice app (found in the Android Marketplace), and not the stock Messaging app.  Also, once you link your Thrive to your Google Voice account, you'll want to turn OFF the "Receive text messages on this phone" setting for the Thrive (if you turn this setting ON, every time you receive a text, you'll get a free Google Voice text PLUS a regular SMS text that will cost you 20-cents a pop).* Ability to run almost any app in the Android App Store.* Pretty decent battery life (for an Android phone).  I charge my Thrive while I'm asleep.  Unplug in the morning, use it all day, and plug it in to charge when I go to bed at the end of the night.* Small size makes it extremely pocketable.  While the entire device is a bit bulkier, the screen is just a smidge smaller than the screen of an iPhone.* Even though it's only 3.2MP, the camera takes some pretty clear shots.* Like any other Android phone, you can upgrade the memory by buying a larger microSD card.  I bought an ADATA 32GB class 4 microSDHC card, transferred all of my music to my Thrive, and ditched my iPod. (Looking through Internet forums, it appears that similar LG Optimus phones have been reported to have problems with SD cards 16GB or larger -- I have not had any problems on my device with this setup.)CONS* The screen is definitely not Gorilla Glass.  I babied my phone, and had a couple fine scratches on the screen within 2 weeks.  Invest in a screen protector.* At 320x480, the screen resolution isn't as high-def as newer phones.  However, it's still on par with any iPhone made before the iPhone 4.* The fairly-slow 600MHz processor means that you won't be able to install Flash on this device for web browsing.  I've also noticed slowdowns in some games, specifically the newer Angry Birds games.* With only 150MB of on-board memory, you're very limited with the number of apps you can install.  True, you can move some apps to SD, but even then, these apps will still eat up a certain amount of onboard memory.  In less than a month, I've already found myself having to delete certain apps to find room for others.* (FOUND A WORKAROUND FOR THIS! SEE UPDATE AT THE TOP OF THIS REVIEW!) AT&T; has turned off the ability to load apps from anywhere but the Android Marketplace.* AT&T; tries to complicate the refill process for this phone.  You CAN set up automatic refill of airtime and features like data, but to do it online, you have to use two different AT&T; websites.  At paygonline dot com, you can set up auto-renew on your data or text plan.  At myprepaidrefill dot com, you can set up auto-refill on airtime.  Also of note, buying feature packages at paygonline dot com deducts from your existing airtime balance; while feature packages at myprepaidrefill dot com must be purchased separately.* Depending on where you live, you may have an E911 fee deducted from your airtime balance every month.  Usually not too costly, but still a surprise.  Search for "gophone e911" to see what you'll be paying for 911 service.

I got an e-mail from Amazon saying they were offering a good rate on this phone, so I ordered it.  Overall, I've not been disappointed, but I have had some trouble using it.  There are times when I have to hit the icons on the screen hard to get the functions to work.  At times, I have a hard time getting the keyboard to type the letters I intend.  Other than that, I have no major problems with this phone.

JUST RECEIVED YESTERDAY SO MANAGING TO FIGURE OUT LOTS WITH THE GREAT REVIEWS POSTED. ALL EXCEPT HOW TO TAKE OFF PREDICTIVE TEXT! STUCK AT HOME WITH BROKEN FOOT AND TRYING TO WORK FROM HOME AND GETTING VERY FRUSTRATED.CAN ANYONE HELP? IT'S NOT MENTIONED IN THE MANUAL AND ATT CUSTOMER SERVICE WASN'T ABLE TO PULL IT UP EITHER.THANKS IN ADVANCEK MANUFACTURER HELPED ME WITH THAT QUESTION-HAD TO SWITCH TO ANDROID KEYBOARD.NOW IF I COULD ONLY FIGURE OUT HOW TO SET UP SPEED DIAL LIST I WOULD BE SO HAPPY. AGAIN, NOT ON CD MANUAL....AMAZON SERVICE WAS GREAT AS USUAL

I have been using this phone since the month it came out.  I wanted an android phone, but could not afford an expensive data plan, and planned on using almost exclusively via WIFI.  There's WIFI every place but in the car that I use the phone.  I installed Google voice, and this gave me more options for free voice and text.I only pay for the 10MB per month for $5 a month, and refil my phone every 90 days with $25.  This allows me to have $10 for misc txt and voice calls, and if you set it to auto renew... It roles over any unused data.  works great so you can bank data for if you want to use maps on vacation etc on a heavy month.)$150 android phone with data - Service less than $10 per month.  Perfect for me.Touch screen is good, but small compared to more expensive phones.  I find the touch screen keyboard functional, but much less convienient than the slide out keyboard models.  But if you are looking for a good smart phone with a bottom dollar data plan.  You can't touch this.Load it up with apps.  Be carefull though... Internal memory is abit small, and I have to wrestle with what is installed internally vs the micro SD card.Of note - This accepts up to a 32GB micro SD card.  With that installed, this is a very nice GPS / MP3 player / phone.  Motion video was better than I expected!  With Android, the possibilities are endless.Also of note - You can buy the phone, activate it, and put no data plan on it at all and use it via Wifi if you just want an android device to play with.  Great for developers who want a test phone, and have another primary.

Easy to use very good quality and for the price is excellent this costs more here in PR my husband use this phone and is very easy to understand for him

Phone worked great for the money. Very happy with my purchase. Would recommend the phone to a friend. Not happy with ATT any longer so I have stopped using the phone.

Well, I've had the phone almost two months now and overall, I'm very pleased!  I'm a Go Phone user and I wanted a Smartphone, but didn't want to spend $300+ on one especially online where I'd pretty much be stuck with it or the hassle of returning it if it didn't work...  My primary reason for wanting a Smartphone was because I wanted to have an "electronic" check register...  Like most everyone else I use my debit card and wanted someway to keep track of my spending without carrying my checkbook and since I already carry my phone, I figured why not use it... :)  And I also wanted to play Angry Birds... :)The Thrive is, in my opinion, a great entry level smart phone!!  I saw someone's video review where they had purchased theirs at Best Buy and were told that their current SIM card wouldn't work in the Thrive...  Well, the video showed otherwise and I can confirm - put my SIM card in and was ready to rock and roll!It took me some time to get used to it, but that's because it's my first Smartphone - there would have been the same learning curve for any Smartphone I bought...  I say that because if you're like me and new to the Smartphone world, give it some time for you to get accustomed to using it...I did eventually change my Go Phone plan, but that was my choice, not one dictated by the Thrive...  In fact, the Thrive made it easier because you can go through the Mobile Care app on the phone and change it!! :)So, more about the phone...  I've downloaded and installed several Apps (including Angry Birds, of course!! LOL ) and they all seem to work fine.  I read another review where the guy said the graphics can get sluggish with games like Angry Birds and I can confirm that as well, but it's not all the time and it's just a game... LOL :)  Other Apps I've downloaded have worked fine with little to no trouble (none of the "force closes" I've read about with other phones/Apps)...  I'm pretty addicted to it "App-wise" - I have EasyMoney for the checkbook App I wanted, Out of Milk is one I installed for shopping lists, etc. and I even installed Flashlight and Kitchen Timer Apps! :)One thing I like most about the phone is that you can turn the 3G data network ON AND OFF!!!  Goodbye unexpected data charges!! :)  I set up a wireless network on my home computer and connect to the Internet that way.  Of course, you do have to turn on the 3G data network if you receive any texts with attachments (even if you're connected to the wireless network)...The battery life seems decent from what I've read about Smartphones...  Call quality seems to be pretty good, too...I would recommend installing the Ringo Lite App if you'd like individualized ringtones as it (like other Smartphones it seems) will only let you select one default ringtone for everyone...  Ringo Lite allows you to assign individual ringtones to calls AND texts...  :)Oh and I also bought a rubberized "slip" case for it and screen protectors (right here on Amazon...) that I also recommend as a purchase...So, overall, I like the phone...  If you're expecting "blazing" speed and a lot of other top of the line features on your Smartphone, this one isn't for you...  If you want a Go Phone Smartphone because you want to play Angry Birds like everyone else and just want to be able to say you have a Smartphone, get this one! LOL :)

This phone is working fine but you can't hack or do anything much with it. You can  expect  download some apps from android, which don't have much cool apps like apple apps store. The reason I say that is because one of my favorite app is textfree With Voice, which allow you to calls and text messages free through Wifi. Android apps store don't have that app. They just only have textfree app, NO CALL. If you like Android apps, like to have smart phone, don't call much. This phone is the one to go at this point of time. I hope they will come out a better phone next year.

The LG Thrive is the first smartphone available for purchase under AT&T;'s GoPhone plan. The phone feels solid, and the screen is responsive - I have no complaints about the touchscreen at all. Indeed, especially considering this is a relatively inexpensive phone (considering it's a smartphone) there's nothing to complain about regarding the hardware.Android OS 2.2.1 "Froyo" is not nearly as intuitive as Apple's iOS, and in some ways feels unfinished. Settings are occasionally in bizarre locations. And while the OS is technically multi-touch, very few things seem to take advantage of that. The installed soft keyboards - both AT&T;'s and Android's - are, in my opinion, more prone to error than what you get with an iPhone or iPod Touch. However, overall everything works well enough. Additionally, the Android Market experience is on par with that of Apple's App Store, both in function and in what apps are available. (ADDENDUM: having used this phone for a while now, I must note that the quality of apps is often sub-par compared to iOS apps. Games are generally good, but utility apps tend to be half-baked)On a side note - it's possible, using low cost third party apps, to use this as "an iPod". It's not seamless, but (again) it works well enough. Given that we're talking about two completely different companies... I'm not going to fault Google or Apple for this - it's just how it is (although my "half baked" comment from above definitely applies here). But the bottom line is: you should be able to play all your iTunes music on this phone, if you choose to do so (and are willing to purchase a large enough micro-SD card).If you're like me, and can't justify paying lots of dollars monthly for a phone but think you can benefit from having a smart phone... look no further. I figure between my handful of phone calls a month, my $4.99 200 texts/month package, and the low-end $5 data plan (since I'll have access to a wi-fi network most of the time) - I'll be paying less than $20 a month for owning this phone. I think it's a bargain!

Great to have a smart phone and the Wifi, on a GO phone plan. Have had problems using the Wifi outside the house. When I use it at hot spots it dosent load pages I need, may just be me not knowing how to use it, but works fine on my Wifi and at work. also video..netflix is so slow not worth watching, voice and video dont sync...waaay off. Like listed here put $25. data plan on and up it for $5.every month. Phone works good and hooks up fine to Bluetooth in the car. Battery dosent hold up as well as old phone, have to charge daily and if using a lot in the car, but didn't expect it to running a lot more stuff.Edit 12-25-11 Just got back from a cruise to Mexico wasn't aware of the roaming charges, got soaked for $160. in less than 3 hours. Called AT&T; and they said we should have called first and they could have made that not happen but since we didnt Oh well. so if you plan on going on vacation call them or leave your phone in airplane mode. My old phone, same sim, never had that problem. dont understand why the smart phone does. Live and learn.

good badget phone, bout it for my wife, it her first smart phone, she is happybattery better then my htc inspire,keep charge for two three day

I love this phone. This is my first android phone and it kicks ass. I am really glad i got this phone

Nice budget Android phone after 24 hours.  I Like so far.Learned that (as of June 2011) the LG Thrive P506 DOES NOT SUPPORT ADOBE FLASH.  Turns out not ALL Android 2.2 phones have Flash support.If you need/want Flash then do not buy a LG Thrive

I don't like lg but i must admit this is a excellent phone for the price.In general this is a good phone only....

This is a great, inexpensive GSM phone for AT&T;'s GoPhone Prepaid Service.  The screen resolution is very good.  The battery life is excellent.  Unlike many early model Android phones, the processor is sufficient to ensure a snappy experience.  Bluetooth connectivity works perfectly.  The phone can also be used on AT&T;'s postpaid service (or on AT&T; MVNOs), so it is a relatively cheap replacement if you lose your phone.  Although Otterbox makes no case specifically for this phone, the Otterbox Commuter for the LG Optimus fits and works perfectly.  In addition, the phone can be rooted with Gingerbreak 1.2.I have only two gripes.  First, the included speakerphone is way too quiet to use it while driving or in any kind of noise.  You can solve this by connecting with a bluetooth headset or bluetooth speakerphone.The second is that the phone ships with Android 2.2.1, which has some bugs.  Among other things, I had trouble getting all my contacts to sync.  Some would sync, and others wouldn't.  I knew that LG and AT&T; had release a version 2.2.2, but (like many others) I couldn't seem to get it to download.Here's the secret:You must have an activated AT&T; SIM card (or a SIM card from an AT&T; MVNO) in order for the update to work.  Don't try to update before you install and activate a SIM Card.  Once you have an AT&T; SIM Card activated and installed in the phone, wait until you receive a text message giving you the phone number.  Then wait 10-15 more minutes.You might also want to turn on Wifi, as this will make the download go faster.  However, even with Wifi on, the phone must have an active SIM Card installed.  This is because, before downloading the update, the phone does some kind of check over AT&T;'s network (probably to download a pointer to the location of the download file).  It does so even if you have Wifi enabled.  That's why you need an activated SIM Card.  The card need not have any $$ on it.  It just needs to be active and have a telephone number assigned to it.Then navigate to:Settings > About Phone > Software Update > Update NowIf you don't have an active SIM card when you do this, you'll either get a message saying that no update is available, or the phone will just sit there saying that it is checking for an update forever.  When you cancel and try again, you'll be told to wait 24 hours.You can bypass the "wait 24 hours message" either by factory resetting the phone, or by going to Settings > Applications > Manage Applications > Running > com.lge.omadmclient and selecting "clear data."  Then go back to the Update Now screen above.  You'll get an error message.  Go back to update now a second time and you should be able to attempt the update again.The update to Android 2.2.2 cured the syncing problems that I had and I found that the phones runs even faster and better than before.

I really like this phone. I just wanted a simple ,easy smart phone and for the price I could not go wrong. You should definitely purchase the protective case and screen protector to along with it.

Good android phone, except there is no side button for the camera like there is on the lg optimus.You have to go to the app on the phone.and At & T did not tell me the android is not included on the $50/mo plan. So i cancelled and sent back the phone.

I used to have this phone and really loved it! It's a very tough little phone. I've dropped it,accidentally ran over it with my bike,and also accidentally dropped it in a puddle. Damn thing survived through it all! Overall it was a great phone! Stores a lot of music,you can download a ton of apps too! Had a little trouble with it when people called, they couldn't always hear me. Also texting could be a difficult too because it would auto correcting what I was trying to type or I kept pushing the wrong button. Other than that this is an excellent phone. When I get another phone this is the one I'm going to get.

I really wanted to give this 2.5 stars, but half-stars aren't an option.So, yeah... let's be completely real here. This is not a very good phone. When I still was under contract with AT&T; a year ago, I had a state-of-the-art HTC Inspire. One of the best phones you could own at the time. I ending up losing it, but it wasn't insured. I still wanted the benefits of a smartphone without a contract, so I ended up buying the LG Thrive for about $200. The person at the AT&T; store who helped me said that it can do pretty much all the same things the HTC Inspire can do. That may be true, but it pales in comparison in other ways. 1) The 3G service is ultra-slow. 2) It freezes and crashes... a LOT. 3) It runs out of battery very quickly if you use your phone a lot. 4) There's no space for apps. I have 8 apps on my phone right now and would have more, but the phone won't allow you to download anything with 20MB or less of internal memory remaining on your phone. 5) GoPhone just recently revamped their plans in a way that does not benefit their consumers in any way whatsoever. 6) And it doesn't help that the people at GoPhone don't really know very much about their own product. Just a heads up to you folks who will be looking to them for troubleshooting solutions. The outsourced operators just aren't very helpful at this stuff because they're not well-informed on their product.I had a pretty sweet thing going when I was on the $25-a-mo. plan. I had 250 minutes (70% of which always went unused, so it was plenty enough for me), unlimited text (who doesn't like unlimited text?) and for another $5 bucks, I got 10MB of web. When I couldn't afford to maintain that plan anymore, I decided I would change my plan to the 10 cents-a-min. plan thinking it would be a more prudent idea. WRONG. GoPhone, for some bizarre reason, decided it would remove any ability for their consumers to use internet on this plan (unless you're in a wi-fi zone, which is fine, but what if you need to use GPS?). They also removed it from the Unlimited $2-a-day plan. So for the people who REALLY want/need to pay as they go, they cant even use the internet on their own phone. HUHN?? This completely ensures that you won't be able to use the full features of you're phone unless you shell out AT LEAST $30 a month. Why even have the other plans available then? And don't get me started on the texting plans. They charge you for incoming texts AND the plans are crazy expensive. The one good thing I can say that's been changed is that they give you 50MB instead of 10MB now. And that's only $5. Pretty sweet.If you're really in tight crunch and you need a phone that will allow to pay as little as possible while still reaping the benefits of having a smartphone, I'd advise you to purchase or keep this phone until your money situation changes. And if you're like me and can't pay very much of anything, get yourself a government-sponsored lifeline phone (provided you qualify for it), switch to the 10 cents-a-min. plan and strictly use the LG Thrive for wi-fi internet (preferrably somewhere with a strong connection). That's your best bet if you don't want to shill out a single red cent for phone service. And with a service as crap as GoPhone, why should you have to??The one positive of GoPhone is that it's one of the few services where you could very well end up paying little to nothing to use it, but keep in mind that in order to use internet (that you've actually paid for) on your phone, you'll have to opt for the $25 plan. If you're okay with that, the phone is not that regrettable of a purchase. You get what you pay for. But don't expect anything more than that. You'll be severely disappointed, but at least you'll still be amongst the cool kids with your AT&T; smartphone.

This is my first smartphone and I love it.  It has everything I need at a good price (initial startup + necessary refuelings).  Now, I'm not a huge user of any of the functions (data, text, or minutes) so someone who is might not be a good pay-as-you-go candidate.I'm a woman with average-size hands and the phone fits my grip very well.  The casing feels sturdy and the phone itself has a little heft to it.  I like that because it implies durability, but someone looking for minimum weight might not feel the same way.If you've never used the Android OS, it's pretty simple to learn.  All you have to do is fiddle with it constantly (which every new phone buyer does anyway).  You can't really "break" anything.I purchased an Otterbox case and now the phone lives in it constantly.  I'll write a review for that later, but suffice to say here that the case was designed for another phone but fits this one fine.The only downside I've found is that there's no flash for the camera, but I can live with that until it's time for my next phone.Buyer Beware: The package I purchased from Amazon indicated that the phone came with a $15 prepaid credit, but there was no prepaid card packaged with the phone and I haven't been able to figure out how to get Amazon to actually give it to me.

I bought this phone 8 days ago. It is exactly what I needed for the price. I am still learning the features though. There a lot of free quality markets to d/load. i also purchased a 8G memory card. I don't know how or if I can put all my recent d/loads on the (SD 8G)still  trying to figure this out.

This phone was exactly what I needed. I love open platforms and the expandability of Android, but didn't want to spend $30 per month, on top of a phone bill, just to have it on my phone. Luckily AT&T has added this Android phone to their GoPhone service, so I can pay only for what I use, which isn't much. I maybe use about 8 minutes total per month on the phone, and have the occasional short text conversation, but that's about it. The fact that I barely use my phone doesn't mean I want it to be crippled by a near-useless OS. I still use apps, and find that Wifi is available nearly everywhere I go. Don't let the phone companies tell you that Android is useless without a large internet bundle. Its just not true.

From my research, there is no mobile hotspot on the lg thrive, contrary to the amazon description. There is that function on the nearly identical lg phoenix, but that is NOT a prepaid phone and requires a 2 year contract. Got this info from this press release:[...]

I have had this phone for a couple months now and love it compared to the verizon (lg cosmos touch) phone i had before. It has never given me any problems such as glitches, a few times i tried to make it do too many things and it froze for a few minutes but i just left it alone and it soon returned to normal. I love the big touch screen and the keyboard is easy to use. Basically, you can't find a better prepaid smartphone period.

This phone is just what I needed. Downloading apps is slow. I like the camera, pictures are better than I expected. For a pre-pay smart phone this is perfect. It will never be like an I phone, but for the price it gets the job done.

would have gave 5 but since its a prepaid android go phone very low on memory do you have to get a good amount of space of memory card but its a great phone not bad very amazing i loved it what i wanted and i may do i video review soon or later today of the phone and it was very good i will prefer this to anyone who wants an android for at&t but dosent wanna spend alot of money on data plan & phone you can just use wifi on smartphone. so buy its worth the price.

I read great reviews about this phone and bought one at AT&T; store to get my contacts transfered to the new sim card. It is a nice smartphone for the price.  My LG Thrive 'appeared' to be working just fine until I tried calling the phone from my landline phone.  Long story short, with a strong AT&T; signal - if the screen is sleeping - most calls did not ring through and went straight to voicemail.  I tried calling from another cell phone and my OnStar phone, same problem. After many hours on phone with AT&T; tech support I called LG, did phone reset and it worked for two calls. Next call to LG they said to return the phone and get a new one because that should not happen!  I went back and got a new one. That phone was difficult to set up with my att email, and had issues with gmail.  I spent 2 more hours with an LG tech to get this corrected. This new phone WAS putting calls through with screen sleeping. That was yesterday - today back to calls going directly to voicemail if the screen is sleeping.  Neither AT&T; techs nor LG techs are able to correct this issue, but both sides agree it should not happen. The printed and CD manuals do not address this issue.I recommend testing incoming calls from another phone when the LG Thrive screen is sleeping, if this would be an issue for you.UPDATE - I called LG, tech said calls should NOT go to voicemail with a good signal! This phone is going back to the store...

I like this phone, it takes great pictures and pretty easy to use. The one down side is that to me the battery doesn't last that long.

I thought I was paying too much for a basic phone and message plan with a crappy old phone on T-Mobile so I did some shopping around, and found the positive reviews of the LG Thrive/ATT&T; GoPhone setup here on Amazon. I'm so glad I did! Now I have a really easy to use, intuitive smart phone with a lower monthly usage cost than my old plan, but now I also have data and the internet! So crazy.I think the phone is really easy to use and nice looking. It's not an iPhone but I can't afford the $60+ per month charges of a 2 year commitment phone plan in order to get an iPhone. This is definitely the next best thing. I have been using it for a week and don't have any complaints. The service is not great but I know this is a problem with AT&T;, and to be honest, it's the exact same quality of service I was getting with TMobile in my area.
