
I hate the "candy bar" touch screen phones.  I'm a multitasker so always trying to fix dinner while on the phone or fold laundry...I need the ability to hold the phone between my cheeck and shoulder.  This lets me do just that and I LOVE the dual-hinge design.  I have a keyboard for texting AND a phone I can hold as weird as I want! Battery life is pretty good and my ONLY complaint is it does randomly turn itself off if you don't everyday or every other day to do updates.Also Verizon really wants you to have a data package with this phone, but there IS a way to turn it off--bug the reps online or on the phone enough and they will do it!

Good and reliable. Sadly had a 'cycle accident and the phone cushioned my fall, so the screen is broken. However, it still functions as a call-phone perfectly.

Ordering the phone was a piece of cake. Then the phone came much sooner than they stated it would, which to me was great. Then the phone was in much better shape than they said it was. And overall very pleased with my purchase and would buy another product from these fine folks.

One of my favorite phones I've ever owned. Still have it To this day as a back up however the buttons tend to stick so I don't use it.Wish it was a little cheaper n I'd consider getting a new one. Beautiful phone in every aspect!

Well I have had an Alias 2 for over 2 years now and I love it, best phone I ever had.  just so you understand I use my phone mainly as a PHONE, I do a lot of txting and it is great for that.  The menus are all clear and it won't pocket dial people.  I would like to point out that some of the early models had a problem with Bluetooth which was resolved with a software fix.  I am looking around to buy an extra for when mine dies since Verizon does not carry them any longer on their website.  The key board is great and I have not found anything that I like better for carrying in my front jeans pocket and I can set it to vibrate AND play any mp3 I wish as a ringtone.  Whats not to like??UPDATE:  Well here I am in Jan 2013 and still have this same phone, still like it and fight the urge to move on to a "smart" phone.  Unless you really want a smart phone that will be lucky to get through a 24 hour period without being recharged this is still the best phone.  I have the extended battery and I can go for 3-5 days without a recharge and the coverage is excellent.  Anything I get to replace it in the future will be a step down as an actual phone (which is why we got these things wasn't it?).UPDATE:  It is Oct 2013 and my phone of 4 years was going strong but I dropped it just right to break the front screen (it was still working but looked bad) so I used a Alias 2 backup I had and took it to the Verizon store and got it cloned then bought a factory refurbished Alias 2 (to replace the backup) from one of the vendors on this page for $42, looks new but until they make a smart phone with a physical QWERTY keyboard and a battery that lasts for 3-6 days, I am keeping this phone.  Still better than anything out there IMHO since I have a PC, iPad, laptop I can use to access the Net, I really don't need it on my phone.NOTE:  IF you really want to love this phone, get this with it and you will hate to ever use anything else :)OEM Samsung U750 Alias 2 Extended Battery & Grey Door SCH-U750 Alias 2

MY SISTER HAS THE SAMSUNG ZEAL AND LOVES IT, SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT SHE WAS GOING TO DO IF IT EVER BROKE, SO I GOT HER THIS FOR CHRISTMAS, IT IS A SAMSUNG ALIAS II BUT ITS THE SAME AS THE ZEAL, JUST PUT AWAY SO WHEN HERS BITES TEH DUST, SHE HAS ONE IN RESERVE. BUT SHE LOVES IT

Love having a keyboard to text with. No frills with a camera is just what I needed for basic phone.

The phone is great. I got my first one and it lasted over 2 years till I ran over it by accident. So I got another one and dropped it in a week and the joint thingy on the top right on the picture you see snapped off and broke. I don't recommend this to anyone anymore. Great phone, just poor design.

well the phone ws used and it was in very good contditionsyeah, love it u guys should buy it

I have had this phone for four(4) years now, almost five, and never had a major problem with it. Any problems I have had have been resolved by the phone itself. Seriously, I took it to the beach, got some sand in it, didn't function properly for about a day and a half, but soon after started working normally again (I guess because the sand shifted out of the phone or because it's just so awesome). I have spilled coke on it, dropped it an incredible amount of times, and have never even seen the screen flux, change, or become multicolored (like past phones Ive had).This is the best god damn phone I have ever used or seen. I can call, text, and if I wanted to deal with the online stores listen to music. Take decent pictures, and the flip keypad is hugely convenient in texting. I was about to trade it in today at the Verizon store, but they judged it to be worth ten bucks. Therefore, instead of getting a smartphone that breaks easily for a couple hundred bucks, I figured I just have to replace the battery (for the first time might I add) and keep it for another 4-5 years.Simple, easy to use, and very reliable, great for the practical minded, and definitely good as a first phone for kids.I love this f***ing phone.

I love cell phones that are just phones - smart phones are just not for me. ...This is the best cell phone I've owned, so when my original dropped and broke after 5 years of hard use, I looked to find a used one on Amazon. I found this. It was promised and delivered as NIB. I would deal with this company again in a minute. If you just want a cell phone that is a cell phone, I highly recommend the Samsung Alias 2 U750 purchased from this organization.

I bought this because I had lost my original (same phone) In 12 years of having several cell phones, this is the 1 that suits me to a &#34;T&#34;

I love this phone. They work great and still take a beating. I wish they still made them like this instead of pushing &#34;smart phones&#34; onto everybody.

We were not ready for the jump to a smart phone, so when my wife broke her flip phone I decided to give a used phone a try. As it has turned out, it is just like new, just as was stated on the site. Very pleased and recommend as a reliable company to do business with.

Alias is a great phone that solves the traditional cell phone users needs with the texters needs. Designed for both. Comes highly recommended.

Lots of great features, and even though it flips 2 ways, it is durable.Young teens tend to be a little tough on phones. At least in our experience.Our Daughter is thrilled!

The phone will not charge not battery not charger its the phone, this phone was suppose to be new, don't think so

This phone was a very great phone.  Always worked and seved the purpose it was intended.  The phone was lost after buying 2 and did not replace.

This was a awsome phone to have before verizon made it a data package only model, but since its sucks when it comes to the data options, this is just a waste of money. Don't buy this phone.

If you are looking for an old fashioned ! Phone not an iPhone this I'd great.  I wanted a key lard for texting but didn't want an open phone as they tend to dial mistakenly when in a pocket or purse. This is a great compromise a flip phone and a keyboard in quite a compact style. My favorite phone of the flip variety that I have ever owned and the battery life is good too.

Note: The newer models of this phone make it considered as a smart phone, so Verizon will try to charge you more for most plans. I had found this out when I recommended it to someone I knew and they told me Verizon wanted to charge $80 a month for a pre-paid plan.I have had this phone for a couple of years and it has held up pretty well. The charger did not though, and broke after about a year of light use. It was very cheap, so I ended up gettingHome Wall AC DC Travel House Battery Charger for Verizon Samsung Alias 2 U750 - Convoy SCH-U640 - FlipShot U900 Cell Phone - BestCellBuy Brand, which has worked just as well and shows no signs of falling apart.Pros:- Sturdy phone (I have not dropped it as much as the average person, but it barely has a scratch anyways)- Capabilities of most phones, such as video, music, games, and the internet- Ability to use the phone as a normal flip phone (flipping upwards) or as a texting phone (flipping on the side)- Keypad works well to make texting much faster- Camera works as expected (not too good, but not that bad)- Battery life is pretty decent; it lasts a few days if you use it a bit, and about a week if you do not use it muchCons:- Works sluggish when you have too much information stored (such as having a lot of text messages stored)- Keypad has three separate screens, requiring a button to be pressed to switch to a different keyset in a certain order (switching from letters to numbers, then numbers to symbols, then symbols to numbers, and then back to letters).- MP3 buttons on the front can be pressed when the phone in your pocket. This has resulted sometimes in my phone getting very hot because it is constantly on from these button presses. You have to use the "lock" button on the right side to prevent this from happening- Will constantly try to search for service if it is not in a service area, which wastes the battery very quickly (if you go to sleep with it on and it does this, it will drain almost all of a full battery)- Annoying low battery life sound that cannot be muted- Battery tends to get loose sometimes. The phone could be on but will turn off once you close it because the battery might be loose- The phone will sometimes get confused as to what side you flipped it on, so you could flip your phone to the side and it will think you flipped it upwards- Keypad gets hot pretty quickly if you are using it constantlyEven though there are a large amount of problems with the phone, it works pretty well once you know how it works. There might be a better phone that is similar, and with Verizon considering this a smart phone, you have a better chance of finding something better than this.

This is the third time I have bought this phone and it is the best phone I have ever had. I had one about three or four years ago and loved it. That phone went through hell and still worked for three years. It finally snapped in half after falling from about 20-30ft in the air. Still works though, it's held together by one wire but still completely usable. I have had three or four phones in the year since that one broke.  My boyfriend is terrible with phones but he bought one of these about a year and a half ago and still has it and it still works perfect. I just bought a new motorola rival have used it for two weeks and it's aweful so I just bought a new one of these!

I love my Samsung Alias 2 cell phone. However, I did not purchase it from Amazon.com That order was cancelled by me, due problems with the vendor, and I ordered it from another vendor.I got it cheaper, and with more accessories.  Roy

I have owned the same Samsung Alias 2 for about four years now. It is a fantastic phone! You can buy a 10 dollar micro SD card and BAM, you have 16gb of storage on a FLIP PHONE! The camera is decent for what it is, but of course there are much better camera phones out there now. If you need just a basic texting, non smart phone with a camera, this is a great choice. The E-Ink qwerty keyboard is great!

I have two Alias2's on verizon (we like them a lot) and none of them have a data plan. The first line support drones will tell you they need one, the My Verizon store will not let you activate it with out one, but if you CALL they WILL activate it without the plan. Please be aware that some of their people don't get it right, you may have to go to second level if you get a newbie. (We have/had alias, alias2(2 of them) and an Alias Zeal)Warning! - If they send you any letters or emails PAY ATTENTION! They will sometimes kick out an after the fact Data Plan change. Call and b8tch so they remove it. These are no longer smart phones, they aren't even clever. But Verizon WILL try to sneak a monthly data charge in if you don't pay attention. All accidently you know.... yeah right.

The Samsung Alias 2 U750 Verizon Wireless  is great for those in need of a rugged  &#8220;smart phone&#8221;. I buy them for my employees who work in places where a fragile phone is easily damaged. One of the best features is the phone&#8217;s side flip feature for quick texting. I suggest  buying protectors for both outer and inner phone faces also available at Amazon.

The Samsung Alias 2 was a good phone.  I actually really liked it however it did have a slight issue with durability.  I have had 3 Alias 2 phones.  The first one was a random incident which I won't fault the design for.  The second phone seemed to develop a problem where it would shut down when being opened or closed, which isn't good for some one who's job requires being on call 24 hours a day.  The third phone is actually the reason I "upgraded" as I went to a Casio Commando so that my fiance could have my Alias 2 due to having broke her phone's external display.  With her, the Alias 2 lasted about 2 months.We both liked the phone because of the texting mode, where the phone opens sideways and offers a full QWERTY keyboard, and opens like a regular flip phone and feels like a regular phone for calls.  I'm not sure if it's a factory or service company choice or not, but it was nice that the ring tones for calls and texts were different to know which way the phone needed to be opened.As far as the durability issues, when exposed to tap water, the phone is useless.  When exposed to deionized water, like most electronic devices it is of course fine.  A past issue I have had with other phones was impact resistance.  The alias 2 seems to be less susceptible to impact or pressure damage, however if a llama steps on it, it's done (not kidding about that one either, that's what happened to my fiance's hand down phone).  One of the unique tests of a phones I suppose was radiation testing.  One of the other employees at the reactor I worked at also had an Alias 2 phone, and decided to upgrade to an I-Phone, and he decided to put the phone in a high gamma and neutron exposure area (we put the phone in the reactor), and although sound quality suffered a little bit, it still worked.  We ran the test for a student project, so we gathered some interesting data, but basically the phone can take 10,000 times the radiation that a human could and survive before the sound quality isn't good enough to interpret.  We tested a few other phones as well as part of the project (all Samsung) and the Alias 2 actually did best.Unfortunately, Samsung no-longer makes the Alias 2 phone.  I would be leery of buying a used one due to the wear issues with the double open design.  I "upgraded" to a Casio Brigade (also no-longer made).

I bought my Samsung Alias 2 in October 2009 when my previous phone stopped working.  I chose it because (1) it's a Samsung, the brand with which I have consistently had the best luck and fewest problems, (2) it is a "flip-phone" design, which I prefer because the screen and keyboard are protected when not in use (usually in my purse or pocket) and I don't have to worry about "pocket dialing" someone unintentionally, and (3) I prefer an actual keyboard rather than a touch-screen keyboard.  The reasons I LOVE this phone are all of the above PLUS... I rarely lose a call unless I am in an area that seems to be a notorious "dead zone" for everyone, the camera takes fantastic pictures, the available GPS application is so cheap and easy to use, I can access my online email, I keep several "must have" games (including Scrabble and Sudoku) on shortcuts for quickest access, mp3 capabilities, and of course... great TEXTING!!!!  The list goes on.  I don't particularly want or need a smart phone and I think that's because I've been so incredibly happy with THIS phone.  I am on Amazon right now, looking for another one, because something seems to have gotten into the slot for the charger so I can't insert it to charge.  I am heartbroken! :o(  I am way past due for an upgrade with my carrier and could probably get a much more sophisticated phone with my upgrade, but I'm just not ready to part with my Alias 2!!  Besides, I have never had trouble finding accessories for my Alias 2 on Amazon (near impossible through my carrier, who only seems to stock parts and accessories for the newer, fancier phones they would rather you buy!).  Bottom line:  LOVE LOVE LOVE MY SAMSUNG ALIAS 2!Additional note, added 8/16/12:I almost forgot one of the VERY BEST things about the Samsung Alias 2... NO "AUTO-CORRECT!!!!"  When I get texts from some of my friends and relatives who have phones that are a little newer/fancier models, and the "auto-correct" has done anything BUT "correct" their text content, I just crack up.  I'll never forget the time my sister texted me that she was going to "club" my mother! Lol!  I don't even remember what she later told me she'd MEANT to type.  I "locked" that text in my inbox and look at it whenever I need a laugh.  Who decided to call those "SMART phones" anyway??

I had an unfortunate water accident with my first Samsung Alias, so this is a replacement phone.  I've got to say, though, I have not been let down by the Alias.  I've had a smartphone, and I've had plenty of regular &#34;dumb&#34; phones, but this is a GREAT in-between for when you don't want to spend the money on the smart phone data packages, PLUS it's great for music!  I'm training for a half-marathon, and this is so convenient to carry, even on long runs and I can easily control my music.  When you close the flip-phone, it has buttons on the top you can control/skip songs with, and it's small enough to fit in your running bra so you don't have hassle hauling it along with you.  I love that you can open it one way for numbers and the standard &#34;phone&#34; functions, but if you open it on its side, you have a full QWERTY keyboard.  VERY sturdy and has withstood me using it, as well has my husband &#34;handling&#34; it.  Like I said in the subject, I love, Love, LOVE this phone!  (Thus, why I'm buying the exact SAME phone to replace the first one! ;)  )

I am on my third Alias 2!  My daughter had one and I really like it so i got one.  If i damage or wear one out I just went to Ebay and got another one. I will have to give it up soon though.  When my Verizon contract expires this coming Feb i am switching to Straight Talk.  Verizon, and the others, still want to damn much for their service and force me to take a 300mb data package i do not need for me and my wifes flip phones.

Its just type of phone we needed not a smart phone . It arrived in time for Christmas and was securley wrapped.

Got from Verizon as a free upgrade.  Love this phone. the 2 way flip open is great.  I use the phone for text and voice only.  Have only used the internet 3 or 4 times.  Had it 2 years and it is now starting to shut off for no reason.  But I make sure the phone is fully charged and that seems to minimize the problem. I dropped it in water, and for a while I could only use it with the Bluetooth.  Then all of a sudden it is working fine again.  Perfect for someone who does not want to pay for a data package

I purchased this phone for a friend who saw mine and almost took it from me.  I know it is obsolete, but it still works perfect!!!!!  We both love it.  I especially love the mobility of using the phone and/or keypad.  I love it so much until I turned down a touchscreen last Christmas.  My friend is also 100% satisfied.

May have to call to be able to switch your device to this if you don't want the data package.

Bought this as used from Amazon/Star Kase  June  2013.  Very easy to use, clearmanual instructions,  and excellent reception,  clarity.  Battery holds charge well,and the phone looked almost new on arrival.  So far, so good.

I missed this phone and verizon does not sell it anymore or anything close.  I was able to get a "free" phone from  verizon but that "free" phone cost more than this phone and not what I wanted.  I got it fast and it worked as if it was new..maybe it was...forgot...I love it!

Good used phone. Came in mail very quickly. In good shape except charger hole was missing cover. Charger included. kool.

I have owned several flip phones while on T-mobile network and love their usability, low cost, pocketability, voice quality, and battery life. Samsungs have served me well and I thought I might be stepping up from the Samsung T-339 flip phone I had previously used on T-Mobile when ordering this phone to replace my Motorola Droid "smartphone" on Verizon network.First and most damning observation is that the signal strength on this phone is inferior to my Droid. Dropped calls in the house (2-3 bars on Droid) and 1-2 bars outside whereas Droid delivers 3-4 bars. I cannot make a meaningful comparison against my other flip phones as they are on a different network, but if you are looking for good signal, this phone doesn't deliver.Second issue is that the interface tries to be "cute" with an office or apartment analogue... move your cursor to different parts of the room to access different features of the phone. The reason I was trying to replace the Droid smartphone was to get away from these distractions and back to a sensible menu / icon driven interface; no luck here.Third, i was hoping to pair this phone to either my iPod touch or Samsung Galaxy player (both BlueTooth devices) with no luck. That's all I have to say about that.Fourth, the phone is quite a bit bulkier than other flip phones I have used. Not quite as bad as some of the "ruggedized" flip phones still being manufactured, but almost large enough to seem imposing when open and pressed against your face. So a strike against it for pocketability.Fifth, the keys, while interesting in their ability to be re-purposed based upon orientation, don't match up well with the on-screen prompts and their size makes dialing out a bit more tedious. There are no obvious green "answer" and red "hang-up" buttons, which make it more frustrating when another call comes in while you're on the phone.Sixth, the audio feedback is not much more sophisticated than simple beeps and blips reminiscent of an old computer. Combined with the blocky keys, the phone gives the impression of being a draft or concept design, rather than a finished commercial product.A few other points worth mentioning... there is  a power button on the side of the phone, which seems very likely to be triggered when shoved into a pocket. Also, no wi-fi access on a phone with a feature set that begs for it.Sadly flip phones are being driven to the brink of extinction and the alternative choices are increasingly limited. However much I might despise my "smartphone," I don't consider the Alias 2 a viable replacement for the above reasons.

The Samsung Alias 2 is a great phone especially if you do alot of texting.  While texting on other phones my fingers were constantly slipping off of the keys.  The keys on the Alias 2 are soft (and bigger) and eliminate that problem.  Love it!

i cant rate the phone its self because i am returning it.  it turns out that Verizon requires a $10 a month data plan for using the phone.  you would think that they would not make you pay for a data plan on a non-smart phone that was bought third party.

The phone  arrived right on time but it won't turn on. I'm not sure if I haven't had it plugged in long enough or if it's the battery or charger. Plugged in there's nothing to indicate it's charging so I'm not really sure what I'm going to do.I gave it two stars because it arrived on time and the phone was in good condition appearance wise.EDIT 1-18-2013Ok, Once I was able to get home I tried charging the phone with the charger that I had purchased separately (theCell Phone Accessories Bundle for Verizon Samsung Alias 2 SCH-U750), and it worked! So while the charger that came with the phone didn't work I'm not going to be returning anything. If you pick up this phone I encourage you to also buy this accessories bundle. If I hadn't I would have been screwed.Also, you don't need to the data for this phone BUT if you try activating the phone online it will FORCE you to choose a package. The best way to avoid this is to simply contact the Verizon Customer service and ask them to activate the phone for you without the data package.

Bought this phone for my wife, who is not a techie, she uses a phone for phone calls and texting.  The call quality is great, and she absolutely loves the swiveling keyboard so she can text with a full qwerty keyboard!  She used to pocket dial her touchscreen so we wanted a flip phone with a keyboard, and boy!  are they hard to find.  Wish they made more phones like this!

I dont want a smart phone where you have to have a data plan. This is my third phone (others wore out, broke) I hope they keep rebuilding them.

The phone was bought to be used without a data plan, to replace a broken phone. Turns out it can't be used that way.

Great, the phone will actually fit into my pocket.  Buttons are large for messaging, handy to have the slide or open flip option. Easy to adjust settings. I would recommend it to those who do not have a need for a data package. Holds up well, I've already dropped it in the dugout a few times without damage.

Last Saturday,December 15,2012, I ordered an Alias2 Cell Phone from Wireless4Cheap  here on Amazon. Upon ordering it, I then got an Email which stated that my order had been processed and that I should get my cell phone between Dec.20 and Dec.27, well guess what, I checked my mailbox on Dec.17, just 55 hours after I ordered the thing and there it was!!! In my 62 years on this planet, I have NEVER seen service like that! Recently I obtained a new phone upgrade from Verizon called the Cosmos, but I soon becamw very unhappy with it because it was extremely difficult for me to text on it. The QWERTY keyboard keys are way too small. So I logged onto Amazon and ordered a new phone from Wireless4Cheap, and I am  very happy. Wireless4cheap has now got me for life. I strongly,repeat, strongly recommend Wireless4cheap to whoever reads this,,,AJG

Phone is a "fill in" until daughter's upgrade in October. She's happy with it :) Phone was just as described and came quickly.

I owned an Alias before switching to a smart phone and then back to a LG Cosmos 2. Hugest mistakes of my life. The Alias 2 albeit not perfect, is proof that basic phones could be amazing and not just overpriced pieces of trash that you see in today's market. The phone is durable and the clam to side ways flip makes texting a breeze. Battery does well on its own, but for the price of the extended you can get four days of juice for about 6$ more. The texting can be a bit odd sometimes (I do miss just being able to type and auto starting a reply), but it isn't enough to hinder the experience of this phone. It also shoots video and decent pictures which is rare for even modern basic phones.Truth is, even for 100$ or if you can find a decent price/quality used, it is every bit worth it if you don't want to go smart phone :)

This is an excellent phone. Great for texting. It is very durable and its dual flip function is cool and handy.

This phone is very user friendly! The keyboard is easy to use. I read about this phone in Consumer Reports and decided to try it. Now both my husband and I have this phone. I tried a fancier, more expensive phone for 2 weeks, but went back to this one!

The phone is a little smaller than expected which is a good thing! The E-ink technology is very cool as well! Bought this phone because my Brightside began to malfunction and this phone is not a smartphone which fit my contract.Pros: Long battery life, Looks Good, E-inkCons: None so far

These are great phones, I bought them eventually for all of my kids.  No problems with any of them except the one my daughter dropped in the toilet.  No problems getting them set up with Verizon.  Nice for texting and talkiing.  Good size, easy to see display.

The customer service people were quick and responsive but that doesn't change that I was sent a phone with a battery that didn't fit- so I bought a new one, only to discover that the charger also did not fit. It's a bit of a hassle when you're trying to get a new phone because your old one broke- spending all this time and energy on buying and returning things. I don't want to go on a tirade about the purchase because, like I said, the CS was great and all. Just annoyed about the purchase. I don't generally buy things based on how good the people are when I need to return them, so, there's that.

bought this for my son because we were not ready to afford the full data-plan andriod/iphone.  This is a nice inexpensive alternative to texting and phone.

I have had this phone for along time. I switched to a couple touch screens they were bad went back to this phone. Now going to get my husband one. I love the 2 ways you can flip it and the front screen.

I recently decided to cancel my data plan from Verizon to save a few dollars on our bills. I had owned the original Samsung Alias which I really liked so I decided to give this one a try. Wow! It does everything I need and more. I had forgotten how awesome it was to be able to go multiple days without a charge. Also, this phone gets reception in places that my smartphone does not.

The phone is exactly what I wanted.  Because it was used, it was a little "battered" but I knew that when I ordered it.  It works fine and I like the style very much. I felt I got a great deal with the amount I paid.

i got the samsung alias 2. shipping was great, the only problem with the phone is that when i open it it has a blue or red tint to it and doesn't change even for pictures, it's the strangest thing.

I really like this phone and it did everything I needed at the time I had it. I replaced it with an iphone. I do still have it and would use it as a backup if need be. I like that it can be a flip phone and also very text friendly.

I was looking for a phone / smart phone that didn't cost much or required a data plan, but allowed me to view my text messages in a threaded / IM chat style. I enjoy that I can view my text messages in a threaded format from the same person versus looking at 100 messages seperately from the same person. This phone is an improvement from the originally Alias. This Samsung Alias 2 doesnt require a data plan and I still have a keyboard combined. I can't complain at all. I love love love this phone.

This is the phone I was looking for. The flip phone slides into my purse, fits my hand and nails, and has the time on the outside. It fits to my face, like a phone should. The keyboard has three different screens; letters, numbers, and punctuation, which are easy to toggle between. Internet access if available, but slow. As far as I can tell, the calendar feature does not sync with outlook. But not a problem, that's why I have a tablet. This phone is for communicating, not surfing the web.

This was the last phone I was able to find in Amazon and I was delighted beyond belief!  The price was amazing as Verizon wasn't even selling this phone anylonger and I'm sure if they were it would be a rediculous amount of money.  It was delivered on time and it has been working well for as long as I have had it!  I hope it never breaks!  Thank you sooo much!

This phone is very good. i gave it five stars simply for durability. Although it is not the best phone in the world, it's the best phone i have owned. The keys are hard to press and the software is not all that. BUT i have had this phone for four years. What finally killed it was me. i dropped it when it was open on concrete. although it still works, it hangs from wires at the pivot point. I have dropped it whilst riding my bike before. it is honestly a tank. just dont drop it while it is open

Love the flip both ways feature! Poor Battery Life, Screen had a ghost image with slightest passing pressure on the screen.

Gave this phone to my husbandfor his birthday and here are his comments - -This phone in exactly what I have been looking for. The ONLY flip phone I could find with a full Qwerty keyboard. The ability to change keyboard from all numbers to symbols to qwerty is a great feature. Best texting phone I ever had. Most of all no "butt calls", phone asking for commands from your belt holder when seat belt activates it or,God forbid, you should hit a side button when taking it from holder.Great sound quality, size and camera. I rate this 5 stars and would not trade it for any standard cell phone on the market.

I purchased this phone from this seller for the reason of the high ratings for customer satisfaction, but I completely thing this place is awful. The shipping was under estimated and on top of that, the phone is faulty. It was under the lable &#34;good condition&#34; and is was said to have &#34;minor scratches&#34; but it does deserve that title.When I opened the box of the phone, it of course had the minor scratches as promised, but one of the outlets cover (like where you would charge the phone) was broken, AND on top of that, the back cover didn't close all the way which meant the battery falls out all the time.That was just the outside of the phone. When using the phone for the first few days, I found out that it would freeze up. It was completely unusable, and the only way to be able to use the phone was to take the battery out and power it back up in a few minutes. After a few months I found out that the phone would completely shut off if I closed it the wrong way which is annoying when I finally realize that my phone is off after a few hours and people are trying to get ahold of me.The charger that came with it (which was also promised) was extremely cheap and stopped working after a few weeks.I am not an avid phone user. I rarely take my phone with me, so it stays home about 95-90% of the time. I rarely use my phone too. I am not rough on it. It stays on the table, so I think the condition it is in is unacceptable. I payed around 74 dollars for it and never EVER would I have wasted my money on this.I have no idea how this company has had achieved such positive feed back. I am not dissatisfied with the phone, but the company that has sold the phone. The phone has been glitchy ever since I got it.

This phone is really cool what with being able to open it two different ways. Reception is great. Sounds play with good quality. Bluetooth works great. This was a great deal.

product wa snot new as advertised and was not working every night it would turn off to turn it back on I had to take battery out

I am not ready to go hi tech with my cellphone. This is by far, the best cell phone I have ever owned.

I've had this phone now for 2 years. It will be a sad day when I have to replace it.

This phone is a piece of crap:- For 3 months, it would turn off unexpectedly. Just turn off without warning. Didn't matter if it was in my pocket or sitting on my desk.- This phone is NOT intuitive AT ALL. You have to go through 6 different menus to do anything.- The web browser is a piece of crap. And what's worse is that the default for search is Bing.- The buttons are small and hard to press. I've accidentally sent and cancelled hundreds of text messages.- When you use the calculator in horizontal mode, the display still shows how to use it in vertical mode. So you have to guess where the "=" key is.- A whole lot more.All in all, this is the WORST phone I've ever owned. I can't believe I actually spent money on this. I can't wait until I get through with my contract and can get an iPhone. AVOID THIS PHONE AT ALL COSTS!

Great phone if you don't want to pay for wifi . I wish they still made this phone.

This is a great phone. It put the mic's where they are needed to hear and be heard clearly. VERY rugged and the keyboard for texting is quick and easy to use. Camera is OK. Can't say enough good things about it!

great price many chooses great price would get it from you again liked it would tell others only phone i like

Didn't want to get locked into a two year contact or ge forced to buy a 3 or 4 G phone from Verizon, so I searched the web and found this one. I would like to buy another, it is a heavy duty and great phone with all the functions that I need and the conditions was perfect as the seller said it was.

Almost perfect condition and works great! I just need to restore it and it will be good to go. Thank you so much!

The store told me they could not activate it because it had already been flashed to Alltel wireless.  I am in process of returning.  Overall, the phone arrived in good condition, as described, but since I couldn't activate it, it is of no use to me.

I purchased the Alias 2 to replace an older one that I have had for a number of years.  The phone meets all my needs and is very easy to use.  The main reason for purchase was the price and high quality of Samsung phones.  I would recommend it to anyone that needs a basic phone.

Very pleased with my new phone! Verizon lost out. I did however have to go to the verizon store to have them copy my "contacts".

I wanted a messaging phone with just a little flash and the Alias 2 delivered. Every single key is actually an e-ink display so when the phone is flipped open clamshell-style they're ordered and labelled for use primarily as a phone but when you flip it open sideways they're oriented properly and filled primarily with letters and other keys for messaging. Other reviews are right when they say it'll take you a little bit of time to get used to the phone. Although the key labels change, the layout does not, so sometimes a key seems like it would be more convenient in a slightly different place. The truth is, it would be, but that's the only place to put it when the phone is opened in that orientation. You'll occasionally find minor frustration with the fact that if you read a text with the phone opened clamshell-style that it'll close the message and make you re-open it when you shut it and open the door sideways to respond more easily. These really are minor issues, however, that did not diminish my enjoyment of this phone. Clearly a lot of thought and effort was put into this redesign of the Alias, and though you might worry about the strength and durability of the hinge, I had no problems with our two despite heavy use and having purchased them used with visible wear.Other reviewers are dead-on about the fact that you very much want to buy the extended battery and door. While it makes the phones slightly more bulky, it also allows you to talk and text extensively and still only need a charge about every 5-6 days.http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Alias-Extended-Battery-SCH-U750/dp/B002SL1TSQ/ref=pd_sim_cps_1?ie=UTF8&refRID;=0BJ7255RF1F1A1118W65

Great Price and fast delivery.  Product was in excellent condition and was the exact phone I needed to replace.  This was the only place that had the phone my husband has been using for the last 4 years.  No one else had the phone.

WORKS FINE BUT YOU MUST CHARGE IT WHEN ITS OFF OR IT GOES INTO A MEDIA CONNECTION WHICH YOU MUST GET OUT OF. CHARGING FROM THE AUTO OR WHEN THE PHONE IS OFF IS NOT A PROBLEM.

The most durable, compact phone with a full keyboard.  Great for folks who like to keep the phone in their pocket or purse, because flip-phone style prevents accidental button pushes and butt-dialing.  Small size makes it easy on the pocket.  Full keyboard makes it easy to text.  Regular phone keyboard in portrait mode makes it easy to use as a regular phone.Only complaint is on greedy Verizon Wireless for charging a smartphone plan even if you just want to use it as a basic flip-phone with great texting keyboard.

Love the fact that there aren't any buttons on the front so it won't go off in my pocket. Keyboard is very nice size.

I PURCHASED THE PHONE FOR MY BOYFRIEND.  HE LIKES THE PHONE HE JUST WISHES THE BATTERY STAYED CHARGED LONGER.  HE HAS TO CHARGE IT EVERYDAY OR ELSE IT GOES DEAD.

Upgraded from an Alias 1.The e-ink keyboard is great!  flip open one way, it's a phone, the other, it's a normal keyboard.  The best part, is you can use many of the features without ANY DATA PLAN.  To use web, vcast, gps maps, email (normal or video) you need a data plan.  For backup you also need it to get the app, but not after that.  For picture mail, text, listen to music from your PC, normal voice phone, you only need text+voice plan to meet your usage needs.You can use a pc adapter for the SD memory card and transfer mp3 files to the phone, listen to the music when you want using 'My Music'.  Unfortunately, it requires a wired / tethered headset, no bluetooth to listen to music.  It does support mini stereo headset / headphones.The battery, when not in bluetooth mode and not using speakerphone or listening to music, lasts a long time.  Bluetooth and speakerphone/music will sap the battery within a few hours.It was easy to add / port a number to the phone and get it working.  Auto programming with *228 started the process, but required the assistance of verizon's customer service to complete the work.  After that, we've been happy with the results.

Buttons all look the same. Find myself having to really think and figure out how to navigate through the phones basic functions. Have had it for a few months now. Its the newer version of my older phone( first Alias). You also get hit with having to pay an additional $9.99 a month even if you don't want data/internet capability. It is not exactly fast either when manipulating throughout the functions. Get the Zeal even though it cost more. There's more than a few reasons why it came out just a few months after he Alias 2.

Please bring this phone and it's sleeve, which are both out of production, back.  Not all of the population wants a complicated phone.

the phone arrived ontimeit was in great conditionmy daughter loves itshe had hers just like this since it firstcame out.after dropping her phone she was devastatedwe were going to get a new phonebut all she wanted was one like she hadthis was it thank you

The phone itself is in good condition, but when I tried to use the Bluetooth transfer option to move the contacts from the old phone to the new phone it would reboot during the process. Backup assistant would not work , so I don't know if this phone specially has software issues or what but the contacts then has to be transferred over  .

I love this phone because of it's great battery life, qwery keyboard and it's durability.  Most flip phones end up breaking after extended use.  I had the Alias 1 before this phone.  I loved it so much that I moved up to this one.....  I would recommend it to a friend!!

This phone is great. I have dropped it a lot and it keeps on working. It has everything I need and it has a qwerty keyboard for texting. The best thing about it is that I do not have to get a data plan to use this phone on my verizon plan.

I was a little worried at first when after I charged it, it turned off every time I closed the screen but once I activated it in the store everything worked out great. I love it!

There are a lot of things to like about this phone.  The two way hinge is genius although I am worried that it may fail after repeated use.  I also love the adaptable keyboard which automatically changes from dialpad to text mode depending on which way the phone is opened.  Theres also a keyboard select button that allows you to switch manually.  Wi-Fi would have made this phone damn near perfect.  There are a few things I must complain about.  There doesn't seem to be a windows interface. It's not mentioned in the manual or on the website. Windows 7 recognizes the device when connected but then fails to find drivers or software for it.  Adding files to the phone requires removal of the memory card and attachment to the PC thru a card reader. The interface between the phone and the Memory card could also use a bit of work.  Ringtones seem to only work when downloaded through Verizon.  The device seems incapable of simply accessing them from the card directory.  I've also had problems getting bluetooth to function with other devices, for instance, with my garmin gps I can place calls but once connected I can't transmit voice or keypad entries.  It's a shame Samsung decided to scrap this model and pursue I-Phone replicas.  With a little tweaking this could have been the perfect phone.

Personally I love this phone.. very compact. Does everything I need it to do and more. Great for texting. Long battery life. I like the dual flip option. I have had two phones since and keep defaulting back to this old phone as it has always been tried and true.

People that have written the negative reviews actually have to have owned one to review it: and if it helps trial out as many phone as possible as I have in the past. It gets you experience in comparison. The people that complain about this phone (there are more than you think) maybe you should own one for awhile and just see how much it blows you away. It's a great phone. I owned it for a year and half, which for me (a person who switches phones a TON) is a lot of time.For the people that have reviewed this phone negatively, I think you have probably never owned this phone and are bagging on it because you have nothing else to do, but I'll just cut to the chase, this phone is AWESOME. I had used the Alias and the Alias 2 and the audio on those was just plain shoddy when you'd get a ringtone, most of the time it would come up with QCELP sound basically it sounded as if it was a recorded sound when it was sent to me on somebody's phone that it was an MP3 file on.About a year ago, I got one of these for an awesome price, and have been pleasantly surprised. Yes, the keypad is the same as my alias2, but hasn't failed where the e-ink never transferred and was just a blank keyboard. Battery pulls fixed the latter-mentioned, but it really bugged me! None of that with this phone. I have auto-erase-text on, and now don't have to erase my messages, so I can text and text and text and not have to worry about space, maybe I'm missing something, but I don't think my last phone had this!The camera is ok, but leaves a little to desire. Although it's a 1.3 MP camera, if something is in the distance, it looks as VGA as you cannot zoom the camera.The phone is also skinny. It is like a RAZR V3,but with a full qwerty. I also like for quick little messages you write you can flip the phone in regular landscape mode and just write like a regular clamshell phone. That way you don't have to hit NUM lock and other various things for symbols and you can just type.The battery life is better than my last phone. I had the Alias 2 (The phone I have in hand now is the Zeal, which carries the same model number and specifications as the Alias 2) but with the e-ink glitching, I just went to a Voyager. With my extended battery I barely got 3 days, and this with standard size and heavy texting I'd made it 4-5 days max. And some days I still have 2 bars after that long.Please consider this phone based on my review. It will be worth it. It's one of the phones that can still be used on the get-it-now servers, as Verizon cleared the older phones out. This phone is awesome and for the price it's at (19.99 w new contract) absolutely cannot be beat. The value you see is amazing. You get a good phone at a good price.

So the phone works. All the buttons work and I haven't really found it to be all that difficult to operate. Here are some things that really bug me. It's technically considered to be a smart phone, so you have to pay an additional $9.99 per month but it doesn't really have smart phone capabilities. The internet works but it's not really functional (I cannot do any online banking - not even check my balance). It doesn't do emails. You can't use the USB cord to offload anything - not photos either. If you didn't have the forethought to get an SD card, the only way you can get photos/ videos off the phone is by texting, blu tooth or by sending to an online album through Verizon. The album costs money to maintain more than 75 photos and of course it costs money to get prints, copies or links of your own pictures. I could not get the phone to find our PS3 via blu tooth at all.  The phone will not do anything while it is trying to send or receive, so if you're sending a text and someone is sending one to you at the same time, you have to cancel the action on one to get the other. I have had people send me ringtones and the phone will let me save those ringtones but not send to anyone else. To be able to forward, I have to save the original text I was sent and forward that. And the lowest plan you can get with this phone through Verizon is $79/ month... that's the lowest. I still love the flip phone capabilities but I will be upgrading to a different phone as soon as my plan allows. This thing was simply not worth the $270 to purchase plus $80 per month.

The Samsung Zeal is a pretty decent phone. When you first get it, it has a long battery life (1-2) days, and decent durability (water damage, dropping, etc.)I've Personally dropped mine in the ocean, and in a pool, and its stayed functional and unharmed after a bit of drying out. It's also been run over by a small car, and still, unharmed.Its got some great features :- Light Up changing keyboard- Camera and Video- Full key board- Internet AccessIts not a smart phone really, as even with the internet service its still difficult to navigate where you want to go, but its durable, reliable and a pretty decent phone for not too high of price. Personally i don't need a touch screen or apps, and this phone is functional and pretty small, fitting nicely in your pocket.I'd definitely recommend this phone as a pitstop between older versions, and a smart phone. Or just as your Regular phone!

I got this phone to replace a smart phone.  The dual flip function is nice for texting or emailing but can take some getting used to. For a week after i got the phone i ended up flipping open the wrong side often.  The phone does not call from inside your pocket like my other phone did.  The only negative thing is that in order to see the time you have to flip the phone open rather than simply pressing a button on the side,  if you get this phone you may want to also buy a watch.

When our Samsung Alias 2's began to fail after five years of great service I nearly broke down & bought a smart phone. I am glad I didn't. The refurbished one's I bought from Amazon are like new for $79. My battery lasts three days & I TOTALLY understand how it works.

MY PHONE WAS NEW JUST AS IT WAS POST ON THE SITE FROM OEM. HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. CAN'T SAY THE SAME FOR BRIGG.

i had this phone a little over a month when i 1st got it i liked it but wasnt as expected..... when u fliped it up to talk it was like 8 inches long! phone was just not plained out well!

The lighted keyboard is so neat but the lack of some updates newer versions offer is disappointing but that is my personal choice. Try it anyways. Best of luck.

The phone arrived quickly and works great. I tried to use it for Verizon prepaid, but had to add it to our service plan instead. My son loves it!

It was just what I expected. I washed the old one and needed one just like it. Think you very much

I had the Samsung Zeal but it swam away.  I am not interested in the new smart phones as I do not need all the bells and whistles, plus paying the additional costs associated with the smartphone just was not appealing.  I searched in Amazon and found the Alias phone.  I am SOOOOO glad I did.  I LOVE this phone!  I even like it better than my Zeal.  Not having to renew my contract was just an added bonus.  I like this phone so well I ordered a second one for my husband while it was still available.

The person I bought this for loved it.  They had one and was very used to it and did not want any new models.  I am thankful to Amazon for locating this discontinued model.

I love my alias 2 it is the third phone ive ever had and i believe it will b my last! I am on it now looking for another for when this one goes totally out! lol I have droped it more times than can b counted it has been thrown across walmart and parking lots! (My kids) It has been chewed on drooled on rained on and it is still working. I use it to listen to music while i work out, play on internet ever now and then. I text like crazy which is why I love the keyboard and the ability to move so quickly from letters to numbers and symbols. It has a few chunks taken out of it from all the abuse & damage to the cover for the camera (Still takes great pics though) and the screens r still whole and not really scuffed at all! 3 yrs n its still a kickin! Best phone in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!

It came earlier that promised so the gift was available for giving. Receiver was pleased & surprised! Haven't heard anything negative so must be ok.

Well designed and does what I want it to every time.  I have had it for a long while and am still happy with it  With this style, I never &#34;butt call&#34; anyone.  This phone opens in either of 2 ways - long to talk & call &  WIDE for the querky key pad which can switch to numbers and to signs. Easy to use for texting.  Everything I want in a phone.  I do have other full size devices for all those other &#34;smart phone&#34; features.  I don't have to pay for &#34;smart phone&#34;  date or connectivity so I have a reasonable phone rate.  I got the alternative extra capacity battery & battery cover for times recharging would be inconvenient.  Great phone.  Works perfectly.  Has everything I need in a phone.  I use the alarm, notes and calendar always, and some of the other features occasionally.  No GPS. No Google Map.  I have other devices for Internet and data. Very durable - good design.Added benefit - No one wants to steal it!

This is a great phone - the thrid one I've bought after trying others. We keep loosing them and needing to replace...

I bought this phone for my son, who happens to be the only 10 year old left on the face of this planet without a smart phone! As the worst mother in the world, I took it upon myself to find a level of compromise that he would be content with. If you can't buy the cell phone you love, love the one you're with.Well, after searching Verizon's &#34;basic phone&#34; site and realizing the selection is horrendously small with little to no variation between models, he brought up the phone I had before the age of Smart Phones. The Samsung Alias was King of the mobile market before Droids and iPhones destroyed any chance at getting anyone under 25 to ever show you their eyeballs again in conversation.The phone is great. It's just as reliable as it was when I had one (which I now wish I would have saved considering I paid less at the time of  upgrade then I did collecting this relic). My son is happy, which means he will actually keep his means of emergency communication ON him, which I can't stress enough since we are no longer in the days of pay phones and very few people look up from their smart phone long enough to notice someone is in trouble. Even if they did look up and witness anything, I doubt they even remember that their is a call feature on their self-facing camera/facebook device.SO, for the sake of saving my son's generation I got him a basic phone. I am hoping that this encourages him to TALK to the empty vessel in front of him even if they are looking into a vast, endless electronic catacomb.The seller is great. I got a personal thank you from them via e-mail. (I'm willing to bet this was done from a smart phone). They ensured my satisfaction throughout the process and answered all questions in a timely manner. I would definitely do business with them again. Especially if they continue to sell memories of a simpler advanced time.

When I was in Fernley NV at Amazon warehouse and Reno it was very difficult to get any Verizon signal, then the phone died. This was not my first Alias. It was an attempt to get certain features like a decent calander and phone book without going to a smart phone and mandatory data plan. I gave up and now have a Note 3, great phone.

I can't belive this phone still works after iv'e had it for 3 1/2ish years especially because it fell off of a ride (indiana jones) at disneyland. It also fell into a puddle of water, it was acting up for 2 days but went back to normal again. This phone is very durable and it's made for being a phone texting is fast keyboard is awesome since it changes when you flip it open. Calls are good never had a problem with that camera too you can take pics with your phone closed you can even talk to someone with your phone being closed, but you have to have it on speaker before you close it. I only use it for calls texting and camera so if that's all your looking for than this phone is amazing. Although i do have to admit it has begun to lag a little bit rarely it freezes up and re starts itself its not too bad and I belive it has something to do with the time it fell in the water. Another thing i have to admit too is I will be upgrading my phone to (pre 3), yup i dissapoint myself too but as a 20 year old aspiring designer i sort of have to stay hip with the crowd, which the phone i will be getting is'nt too hip since it's a very low key phone. Anyways as i said before GREAT phonr for what phones were originally made for :)

Work great no problems at all pretty good phone a little outdated but still a great phone q a a

The phone is great.  Had a hiccup while activating.  If while activating the phone won't take incoming calls but will call out and text in & out check the NAM Settings.  Make sure Auto NAM is enabled from the Phone Settings under Tools.  Other than that the phone is in amazing condition and looks brand new.  I can't find a scratch!  I ordered the phone the afternoon of 12/24 and it was delivered 12/26 on standard delivery.  I highly recommend both the phone and the seller!

My first phone and I was thrilled with it..it had an accident and could not be fixed..Verizon no longer offered it but Amazon did.  I snatched it up in a heartbeat.  I did not want a touch phone and this is a jewel.  would order again if I ever need to.

I love the style of this basic phone.  It flips portrait for phone use and flips landscape for ease of texting.  Does not need a &#34;data&#34; plan to operate.  I wish they continued to make this phone.

My, oh my. How do I even begin?Let me start off by saying that I eschew negativity. It is the bane of modern thinking. The second you get trapped in those bad vibes, you might as well be waist-deep in a vast hole of quicksand, entrapped in Medusa's gaze.Unfortunately, this phone has drawn my eternal ire. We live in a world of technological wonders, of comfort and ease. No one admires the loser who writes poorly of a cell phone--a luxury unheard of for millions and trillions of years. Yet, for Amazon, for cell phone purchasers, for YOU, I will be labeled a loser. It's the right thing to do. It's the American Dream.I had a glorious time owning the LG enV3 (LG enV3 VX9200 Verizon Cell Phone with 3MP Camera, Camcorder, Bluetooth, Stereo music, MicroSD expand to 16 GB, Email (Blue)). It was great. Calling someone? Great. Texting someone? Awesome. Dropping the phone to the ground with the enormous acceleration of 10 m/s/s? Survived every time.Unfortunately, we as humans are inherently mortal...And unfortunately, this basic reality applies to cell phones. I learned this the hard way: I dropped my precious LG enV3 into a cup of water, and after that, he was never the same. I had to let go of him forever....And that's how I ended up with this Samsung Alias 2. My brother had it for a while, but he eventually ditched it for a better model. That should have raised a proverbial red flag in my mind, but hey--I needed a phone, and I wasn't gonna dish out extra money for a new one. And so I kept alive my youthful enthusiasm, my endless optimism. Oh, silly, silly self.The Samsung Alias 2 does, admittedly, have some pretty awesome technology. It can open two ways: horizontally, to yield that ever-so-convenient texting configuration, or vertically, to yield that ever-so-comical taco configuration. Amazingly, the keyboard is lit up and therefore can SWITCH to reflect which configuration you're in. Basically, the keypad is MAGIC and can transform from letters to numbers to symbols. I've definitely gotten many compliments based on the witchcraft involved in the changing of the keypad.False facades are saddening. I discovered many flaws in my Samsung Alias 2; ordinarily, I can look past flaws, but this phone is brought down with several death wishes.1. Simply put, the phone is tough to even open. If I had long nails, they'd probably snap under the extreme dexterity and force needed to jam them underneath the top half for opening. It's a good thing I don't have long nails.2. Checking the time is a hassle. With wrist watches and--even moreso--pocket watches becoming more of a rarity in today's technological world, we have all turned to the humble cell phone to determine the moment's time. For the Samsung Alias 2, you must hold the--fittingly--"HOLD" button on the side for a second or two to make the time pop up. What if my life depended on it? Would I want to put that on two seconds' hold?!3. When you open the phone horizontally, it goes on speakerphone mode. Yes, yes, I know; you can change this. However, even if it were not to be on speakerphone, it would be bumbling and awkward to speak to your friends and family in the horizontal mode. When I'm on the bus and all the people have sleek iPhones and Droids, the last thing I want to do is speak to the pizza guy on my bumbling, awkward Samsung Alias 2.4. Sometimes when you switch from horizontal to vertical or vice versa in the middle of a call, you hang up. I don't know about you, but risking the inevitable explanation as to why you hung up on someone is something that I'd love to avoid.5. Texting is quite difficult. I can't text numbers and letters and symbols all at the same time; I have to press this little button in the corner to switch between the three. What if I wanted to use my favorite emoticons, like ":3" and ":D"?! Am I forced to use syntax and vocabulary to communicate my deepest, inner feelings? Pshaw.6. When the battery is low, it creates problems. First off, the lit-up and changing keyboard is, as aforementioned, pretty sweet. Unfortunately, once the battery is deemed low, the keyboard fails to light up anymore! It's happened on more than one occasion: it's the dark of night, and my battery goes low. The keyboard doesn't light up, and I'm stuck trying to go off of memory where the keys are! For everyone who I ever texted "defisjfns dwiujjf" to, I am sincerely sorry. It was the Samsung Alias 2's fault. SECONDLY, the phone insists on making the spookiest, most bone-chilling beep in the history of Mother Earth when it is low on battery. Think of it as a little baby, crying because he needs a bottle of milk. I can't tell you how many times I've been startled.7. Calls drop a lot. I'm sort of willing to give the phone a pass because it probably is more of the network's fault. Better be.8. It doesn't notify me of new voice mails. I don't know why. It makes me get back to people a month late. This is saddening.In short, this phone is not a bad choice for phone novices or for people who genuinely don't care about any of the issues I listed. Sometimes in this world, we don't like things, but other people do. That is okay. I don't hate the Samsung Alias 2. It's just not right for me.I-I-I'm deeply disturbed by how much I've written on a simple cell phone.

The device came in on time and works perfectly.  This phone is perfect for an elderly person, it has a charging stand and is easy to operate.

after a few days of using this phone it started dying for no reason what so ever so I purchased another one for my daughter.

Great phone this is my second one, it is a great phone for anyone who needs more than the basics but doesn't want a smartphone.

This phone is durable! I drop it very frequently (even once into the toilet! I dried it out for three days and it is still working a year and a half later) without any problems.  The full keyboard is awesome - no T9 or autocorrect to mess up your messages. No butt dialing, and you can access the Internet without too much trouble.  It's not a smartphone, but it's great for calling and texting even if it's kind of a hassle to use email/Internet.  I've had this phone for three years and will keep using it for as long as it works.  Love it!

This is an amazing phone. I have owned mine for 2 1/2 years and I have no complaints. I can't believe how durable it is. I've dropped mine so many times and it simply doesn't break. I love this phone!

this phone works but only barely. I realize that everyone gets a phone in different condition. It's usually a matter of luck. however, my phone randomly shuts off and people on the other end of the phone line can barely hear me.I am getting a new phone since i contacted the seller. Another huge plus is that as of now Verizon does not require a data package for this phone! they used to.

I have no intentions on paying for a data plan and unless you need something that has to endure construction work, you can't go wrong with this phone. Since every feature phone verizon tries to offer you is a piece of crap on purpose, I'll probably just keep buying this every few years. It's one of the few phones that flips open two ways which is a huge plus for anyone who texts and calls people often. I don't understand why every feature phone isn't just designed this way.

Flip phone that opened two ways was not actually manufactured to the picture on the box.  No full keyboard for texting when opened in either way.  Different from picture on box.  Sent back to seller.

I ordered this for my son for Christmas. When I received it, it was a little dirty with make-up. I took a clorex wipe and it cleaned it like new. I am sure I could have given it to him just like I received it and he would have never noticed the make-up but being a woman we notice those kind of things. I would recommend this seller!  great job and I also received it promptly!

This phone is not worth anyone buying. I would never buy a phone like this one again.It sure was not worth the hassle

got this phone for a buddy who sucks at texting the way it flips both ways is great and he loves it aloso loves the deer cover i got to go with it said he will keep this till it dies on him

Purchased a used alias from L2K Technology Group and the 'nearly new' item was just as advertised.  I had my local Verizon do the setup and the phone seems to work as advertised.  If your looking for a phone I'd suggest you contact this provider.

I am holding out on gettng a smart phone for as long as I can. I have used this Alias phone for over 4 years without difficutlies. I had to buy a replacement because after 4 years and two times dropping the phone into water, the keyboard became un-readable. It still worked but I was typing by brail, basically.I would highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to have to upgrade to a smart phone. The Alias 2 has a great big keyboard, which makes texting a breeze and a really decent camera for the size and techology at the time it came out.The feature I like the most, is that it rotates between landscape and portriat mode, so that if you are active, like I am and want to put it in a pocket, or on your bike, etc., you can have it secure with the cover closed, and not be in jeopardy of 'butt' dialing someone, unintentially.I highly recommend it!

I love this cell phone.  I dont do anything on the internet but I do alot of texting to my kids.  It is perfect for that.  It was hard trying to find this phone.  I had one before this one and it started to shut off by itself and verizon does not offer this phone anymore, but found a NEW one on Amazon.  Got it within a weeks time and it was a new one.  I am very happy with my new phone.

I'm having some issues with the &#34;E, R, T&#34; keys.  You have to like stab them hard when txting to make them appear on the screen.  I like the phone in general though.  It does just want I need it to.

Phone display is a little busy so it makes it somewhat confusing. Otherwise, this is a good phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like the smart phones.  Samsung makes a good product.

This my 3 phone, I break my phones at work. I will keep buying as long as there is one to buy !

I have had the Alias 1 for 3 years now. This phone is pretty much the same thing. I never needed a data package with mine but, then again it's not this updated one Alias 2. I highly recommend this phone. I have dropped mine countless times and it runs great. I'm not into the "smart phones", too complicated and too much money for all I do is text and talk. I don't plan on getting rid of my phone anytime soon and if I do... I'm going right out to get this Alias 2. Samsung did a great job with this phone. Since it's 3 years old now though, it does turn itself off once in a blue moon but, boots right back up. No big deal and the battery life is the best I've seen on ANY cell phone. This is a good buy for sure.

After contacting the seller about the issues i had about my order, he promptly addressed my needs, and sent out a suitable replacement. After further consideration,  this is an excellent seller to buy from. They will do whatever it takes to care for the customer and their needs. Any phone you buy has a small chance it could be a lemon, but this seller will go above and beyond to give you a great product and good service. Ignore any bad reviews, because the chances are that they, like me, commented before the seller even had a chance to correct the issue. So dont stress, just buy!

My grandson is using the Alias and he really likes it.  I like it for him because it stays charged longer than his other phone did.  I am thinking of getting that phone for myself.  It takes great pictures.

I ordered this phone because mine just died after so much use and now I have an IPhone and hate it and as soon as my contract uis up I will go back to this phone

I had one of these until upgrading to a new touch screen phone. I was sorry I upgraded, and ordered this refurbished model of my old phone. I love it... no more butt calls, mis-touched screens, and other errant functions like on the new phone. This one even came with the extended life battery. I'm really happy with it  even though it's not cutting edge technology.

This cell phone was a duplicate replacement for the one my daughter accidentally damaged.The seller under-rated the product. I was pleasantly surprised to find the phone in near-perfect condition. I believe the seller rated it a 7 (out of 10), it was more like a 9.5 (out of 10).  My own phone, which is the same model, wasn't in as good shape as this one. Everything works well with it.  It came with a home and car charger.I was also happy the phone was received within 2 days, much quicker than the time frame stated.  My daughter had been without for 2 - 3 weeks, so this was very nice!  Overall a great value for the money!Thank you Cellular Direct!

WE HAVE 3 OF THESE PHONES AND WE NEEDED A REPLACEMENT. WE COULDNT GET IT AT THE VERIZON STORE. AMAZON HAD IT, WE GOT IT IN 3 DAYS I CALLED VERIZON WITH THE SN# PUT THE BATTERY IN AND IT WORKED. IT WORKS ON OUR EXISTING PLAN NO EXTRA FEES. IT'S NOT A SMART PHONE BUT ITS GOOD FOR CALLING AND TEXTING GOOD QWERTY KYBD IT FITS IN YOUR POCKET AND IT'S DURABLE.

This is a great phone if you are not into the smart phones.  Personally, I have access to the internet, email, rss, etc all day long so I have no need of a full blown smart phone yet, I do communicate regularly via text msg.  The big issues with my needs are that I absolutely hate phones with keyboards on the outside; the lockouts are a pain and they inevitably find a way to unlock themselves and start dialing no matter what I do. I don't want a large display screen to gather all my finger and facial goo (oh, you have it too, dont fool yourself) and are too susceptible to breakage with my lifestyle--not to mention they take up too much pocket real-estate.  And I don't want to buy a data package which is optional for this phone (verizon).  This phone's dual flip feature is excellent and allows me to use it conventionally or to open it and have a nice, qwerty keyboard running lengthwise.  The e-ink keys switch and flip accordingly so they are always upright.  The one complaint I have is that there is no hot-key for the camera when opened lengthwise but I did assign a hot-key to access that menu--it just takes a few more button strokes to activate the camera function.  You do have to be careful of it when opening one handed, or letting young children play with it.  The dual hinge is the weak link and I can see how it will break with uncontrolled pressure being applied incorrectly.  I plan to keep my eye open for deals on these phones so I have a backup, if/when this one breaks or is lost.  A friend has had this same phone since they first came out and it is still going strong and in good shape.  Proof that it is not as volatile as some reviews might lead you to think.  The downside to this review is that it might encourage others to buy them on the refurb market as I have done, thus depleting the supply or driving up its cost.

He loves his &#34;NEW&#34; phone ! At 11 not willing to spend lots of cash on a new phone and this one fits all the needs of an 11 year old . Great deal and a good phone !

The phone has very small buttons and was shutting down on me when I first got it.  This turned out to be caused by the battery not fitting in the phone tight enough and I had to tape the battery in.  This made for a better contact and the phone remained on.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

Well this phone takes a little to get used to, but I love it. the buttons are smaller than most phones, and finding stuff on the phone took a while to figure out. You turn the phone on from a button on the side, which I did not know.  It is a fun phone to have and works just fine. To upgrade this phone, I had to get a $10 dollar web fee to activate, but they went into my account and took it off my monthly bill. The hinge seems to be getting a little looser, well see how well it survives. This is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars.

This was a Christmas gift for my parents.  They absolutely love the phone and say it is very easy to use.  We had to call to get the Data plan dropped.
