
HD7 cannot insert micro SD card, so sad. if you buy a hd7, please do not buy a micro SD card that will recommended on amazon when after you select a phone.

Daughter loved the phone. It was in excellent condition and works great. I have the same phone really like it.Has just the right size screen too. Great seller will do business again if need of a cell phone. Fast delivery too.

Sure the phone is a little older and (unfortunately) runs the Windows 7 phone OS which severely limits app support, but it's very reliable, very durable and very easy to use. The zune software is required, but is significantly more pleasant for the user than itunes. My biggest complaint is that the camera quality is very low. Maybe a non-stock camera app could improve photo quality, but the stock hardware/software combo delivers fuzzy, oversaturated images.

Got this phone a week back and here's what I observed.Speaking of Hardware -Good things* The good thing is that this phone is among the first set of phones from HTC with 16M colors, so it has a brilliant display although still not as good as the AMOLED.Bad things* It gets warm, yes it does(and i am surprised, i hardly saw a mention of it on web)! At little use it gets warm at the place u hold it warming up ur palm. Its because of the processor in use I guess, so PHONES desperately need a hybrid CPU/GPU, tilted more on the gpu side. I am really looking forward to Nvidia Tegra APX  or some good alternative based phones. Phones are not for compute intensive tasks, 95%(based on personal usage) tasks are simply about visual rendering and communication. We would see a great extension in battery life, and no heat problems. So I hope the phone and chip makers are LISTENING TO ME.* Battery life should have been better. The battery that comes with it is 1230mAh, instead a 1500mAh would have been lovely!Should have worked on* I would like a 62-63mm width instead of 68mm, I dont mind a 4" screen and a little more thickness if for engineering constraints.Cool Things* Windows Mobile 7! Yes, it is really cool! Simple yet effective, of course this is the first version of a completely new form of OS, so glitches are expected, but overall its a breath of fresh air.I would like to give it 3.5, but couldn'tPlease write ur comments!

I have had the HTC HD7 for a number of weeks now and it has worked perfectly. It is fast. Very easy to read. My only problem has been finding a large enough leather case to fit it. It seems to be slightly too large to fit them. But it is a great product. It is my third HTC phone and I've been happy with them all.

For the price it's really nice!I got it for someone and they reallyLike it. I was scared since it wasA low price but it's awesome. At leastTo them.!

Amazing camera. If you're looking for windows phone with great features you might as well look ihto this htc hd7 phone

The reason I gave the HTC HD7 phone only 4 stars and not 5, was that I lost all but three of my SIM card contacts when I inserted the US card. I was prompted with the question: &#34;Import SIM card contacts?&#34; and I answered yes, and then only three were there. Luckily I have an ancient handwritten address book, plus many numbers in my contacts folder on my computer, so I was able to reenter the other numbers I needed manually.I selected this phone because (1) it was unlocked, and (2) for its excellent price, under $100, and (3) it was recommended by my son who lives in Taiwan and has another HTC model. I need an unlocked phone as I travel internationally and have various SIM cards. Incidentally, when I left the US and entered Panama, I inserted that SIM card and was not asked to import the numbers, so I had to re-enter those as well. It seems this is a problem with recognition of the SIM information by the computer chip in the phone, or vice-versa. Someone will figure this out some day!This is a Windows phone and I use Outlook for email on my computer, so I was also able to sync contacts from my computer with the phone. That was nice but I now have duplicates and triplicates of some items. I am still trying to work out how to link contacts and to keep international and US numbers for the same contact. That is, in the US it is not necessary to dial an international code for the US when dialing, and outside of the US it is necessary. Likewise for calling internationally from the US. Just something else for me to learn which helps keep the mind active in the senior years!The battery life is rather short, and this can be solved somewhat by disabling the internet features temporarily. This may be true for all smart phones.I had the phone delivered to the US in May and took it with me abroad. Now it is mid June so I have only had it about one month. It is comfortable in my hand, not too big, and the screen is plenty big and clear and easy on the eyes.With any phone one has to put up with the idiosyncrasies of the local cell-phone carrier and those should not be confused with the phone's hardware and software.I am quite pleased that I selected this phone.

PROS:*Sleek and modern looking*4.3' Screen*Fluent OS*No one track u here[even if there are some services that want to track u for local deals like bing, they ask u and if u dont want it u can disable it -- i have verified it. The only thing u loose is the local deals ofcourse]*Vibrant Screen[People have complained that screen is dull. I dont know why. The blue theme does looks pale but if u choose a Red Theme, it absolutely gorgeous]*Excellent indoor Viewing Angles*No Lags whatsoeverCONS:*So so camera*Poor poor poor Speaker.*Poor sound quality[only tested on youtube application so please dont bash]*Poor battery life[literally, the battery is so tiny compared to the huge phone that you feel ashamed of while putting it in lolz]*Mediocre build quality[Platic back feels extremely cheap. The chrome edges are also unfortunately non-metallic and will definitely get scratched]*Search Button too sensitive. Most of the time it got pressed accidently. I have also found the alignment of the sensors a little bit off. For example, the region where the "Search" button is recognised was OFF from the location of the button itself and was towards the RIGHT SIDE of the PANEL. Same was true for remaining 2 buttons that again make me believe that I got a lemon!]VERDICT:I had high hopes for HD7 after seeing their efforts with HD2. But perhaps they just rushed out with a RIP-OFF of HD2 and labeled it HD7. The phone feels cheap in quality even than HD2 so I was disappointed. As far as OS itself is concerned, it's promissing and definitely I dont want an iPhone and Andriod. So, this is a excellent OS for people like me. But I will wait for at least second iteration of the handsets[and may be i wait for nokia's windows phone]. HTC is clearly taking advantage of its BRAND recognition here by making cheaply build phones[as far as body is concerned] and that may hurt them in the long run

htc is the best I bought this phone more that year and half before ... so many times fall down no ......very good deal

The HTC HD7 is an excellent Cell Phone , very practical and easy to use.Then Windows Phone 7 made all the difference in this Cell Phone, bringing a user-friendly interface, intuitive, practical, and many features.The HTC Hub,  that comes installed is fantastico, it comes with some very useful applications. HTC offers some applications in the MarketPlace, which is very good because it helps in deciding which application who iinstall.Just not liked of one item from the HD7, the signal  from the mobile operator is weak, needs improving. In a few moments I didn't receive any signal from the mobile operator, but in other devices, the signal is strong.

I've been using HTC phones since the release of HTC Touch Pro, HD1 and HD7.The HD7 is a really fast, easy to use, windows 7.5 phone, it lack a very important option from windows 6.5, but hope it will be back soon in a fix releases.All in All its a very nice phone and highly recommended.(...)

I hate this W7 mobile,still virgin and not like android or iOSThe phone is nice by HTC ..but I prefer to by an android ver. like HTC desire HD betterWhy i hate:1. I live outside the state, if you save your contact on with the international code (+974... ) the name will not appear if this number call you.... and usually i save my numbers with full code..2. market lot of time cannot download any purchased item from the first time, i should try many times.3. abe-123 are not honest, the phone received  not like new, there is no sealed screen plastic and under the battery there is a huge miss , it's look like damage ( i have contacted them and they excuse that the unlock required that!!)4. No arabic font support by W7 mobile ,,,

(I want to apologize first for my English, as it is not my first language, so you may find some grammatical errors)This is one of the best HTC phones out there.I wanted a phone with Windows 7 Mobile since I saw its UI. It is simple and cool! And now that the XBOX 360 has the same interface, it now combines! And, I also wanted something different from iOS or Android that everyone speaks of.What I love the most of this phone is how smooth everything is. Thank to its 1 GHz processor, and its 400800 pixels - 4.3 inches screen, all looks amazing. The images, videos and games run almost flawlessly (I noticed a small frame rate dropping in some recent games). It is also relatively fast for web-browsing with HTML support (full web-pages).Also, I got the 16GB version, so it has plenty of room to store your favorite music and pictures. To some, it may be short, but it all depends on how are you going to use the phone.The only cons I am having are: -The Wi-Fi is not configurable. So I cannot edit the IP, Subnet Mask, Gateway and DNS, so I am having some trouble to add it to my network. Other one is -The camera. The phone takes full 5MP photos and 720p video, but the lens is not good enough to capture without some blurriness and color-banding. And finally -The speaker. The sound is too low, even in full volume, to hear an incoming call if I am away from the phone or a place with noise (the noise doesn't need to be too loud for not hearing the phone).But even with the cons, all the rest of the phone is amazing and outcasts these little details.I rate it 4.5 out 5, but since I cannot rate like that in here, I give a full 5 stars!

I am a T-Mobile subscriber and switched from a Blackberry to the new HTC HD7 operating WP 7.  I switched because I wanted a phone that was more "fun" and not Android-based because it needs to be linked to my office and my tech guy said they'd had some issues with Android.  So, since T-Mobile does not have the iPhone yet, that left me with very little options.  So I gave the HD7 a whirl.I do not regret it for one minute and will never go back to the Blackberry.  The big screen is fantastic.  I love the revolving tiles that you can customize by content and theme. They are constantly updating.  It is a very simple phone to use - most functions just require a swipe or a tap. Camera is good. IE browser is fast.  The virtual keyboard is the best I have used because the screen is so big.  It has a definite "wow" factor from an eye-candy standpoint.There are definitely some limitations, though, especially coming from a Blackberry.Battery life sucks.There is not a red light indicator to alert you to new e-mails, messages, etc. so you either have to keep it sound-enabled or constantly check.No "cut and paste", although I hear they are updating OS to add that.Blackberry manages Outlook much better - for example, the "Notes" function does not sync.  Also, with my BB, I was able to delete a message on the BB and on my desktop at the same time.  HD7 does not do that.Not a great selection of Apps yet.Music integration sucks - you have to be hard-wired to your computer and have a Zune account.  I prefer iTunes, where you can wirelessly download songs instantly to your device.  If you are coming from an iPhone and hoping to use that as your music storage device, you won't be happy.Yahoo contacts don't sync, although that may be a Yahoo issue, not a phone or WP7 issue.All in all, though, I love this phone.

it's a great phone, the windows phone operating system is awesome. i love everything about the phone, but the seller left out that on an AT&T; network (i don't know what it is on another network), the unlocked t-mobile phone will not support anything higher than 2g. so no picture mail, slow internet, and you have to connect to your home wifi to download much of anything.so, sorry for the very mediocre review, but that was unexpected and definitely wish i would have known that before.p.s. i've had the phone for 3 months now, it's a great phone. if you know it'll support 3g or 4g for you, then it's a definite must have.

Hands down it's lovely phone hardware wise and the OS runs well on it, but Windows Phone 7 lacks a lot.Bluetooth is a joke. It is there so that when you are looking at the details you would see it has Bluetooth but what you don't see is that it only works with headsets. (Will not work with my car Pioneer CD-BTB200 Bluetooth Wireless Adapter) You cannot send a file to another phone or transfer a file to or from your PC. You have to email or send it to Skydrive. On top of that, you have to use Internet Explorer to access your Skydrive account to access the file. You cannot just open Office and access the file unless you go online.To get your contacts on, you have to upload them to your hotmail or windows live account. It does not sync with Outlook, you have to setup your outlook to access you live account and copy your contacts to that account. (How many companies want that kind of data sitting on Hotmail)You can only install programs you have purchase from "Marketplace". Not that nice app you made to do interoffice stuff.Every day I use this phone I find more things I dislike with the OS.Microsoft should soon be putting out an update which should allow copy and paste. On less this update really make some changes to this OS other than copy/pace I will be looking at cracking this phone and installing another OS (WP7 cooked or Android). I will not put up with this after spending this kind of money on a phone.Just found out that hotmail/live contacts is limited 1000.

It is a great phone, large screen, smooth surfing and great features.  Well, after using for more than 15 days, I realized few major flaws.  First, the battery sucks, it is like having a lot of muscle with no power.  The screen freezes when it is searching for WIFI signal if you forget to turn off the WIFI when not needed. Everything you do like adding movies or music or photos is through Zune.  Worst of all, the phone does not support flash.  This is such a shame.  BBC, CNN and lot of other sites cannot play videos on this phone.  This sucks. My previous Samsung Behold does not support flash either, but it downloads the videos from BBC or CNN and plays.  There is no such option in this Smart phone. I am hoping MS comes out with some software to fix this.

I asked for a T-Mobile phone, and got a AT&T.  And it dont seem to have voice to text option. And it is too small

Let me preface this review by saying it was a close call giving this device a 4 star rating. 4.5 stars would be more accurate but the positive qualities of this device made me settle with 5 stars.Pros:- Windows Phone 7 OS. After the 7.5 update (mango) it is even better- Perfect size - screen is not too big or small. The dimensions (W x L x H) and weight is great- Runs fast even with a single core (don't listen to the Android crowd, more cores not needed for WP7)- Sturdy conscruction- Very good looking- Durable - After a year and some months it looks great even though it has taken a couple dozen falls- Still kicking after having water (and beer) spilled on it about 3 or 4 times.Cons:- 3 hardware buttons (camera, power, and volume rocker) are mushy. They do not have a satisfying click andthey take getting used to.- Claims to have the same Gorilla Glass as it's predecessor, the HD2, but the HD7 seems easier to scratch- Bluetooth streaming audio sounds bad. This appears to be a Windows Phone OS problem, probably lowerquality audio by default to save battery. Can only be fixed by performing developer unlock and editingregistry settings- Another WP7 OS issue: you can only attach pictures to emails and MMS, no documents. They can be recievedhowever

I'm really enjoying migrating from iPhone to this new Phone.Even though Windows Phone 7 is a New Kind on the block, it provides the basic functionally that you expect from a Smartphone, and the experience really shines, apart from the dated App Centric Scheme found in iPhone and Android.I've found the Social integration really blows!! You can add Facebook accounts and see your contacts and link to your own agenda. It's very worth!Mail experience is far better than with iPhone. Email rendering is really good.Fonts and Typography is beautiful.Gaming is also very good.I really recommend this one.

Had the phone 3 months and it kept shutting down. Went to a phone store only to see that the internal memory card had be replaced ( which it shouldn't have been) and it had water damage that was covered my an old motherboard. The repair was $120 extra and after paying $286 for it, I might as well gone to T-mobile and purchased a brand new phone with insurance and warranty. Will NEVER buy from this person again!

I recieved my product in the time and the cellphone is good, but presented some little problems in frontspeaker.Now I contact the HTC for fix.

I have owned this phone for slightly more than a week now, and I am still loving it, despite some shortcomings.I switched to this one from the dismal Blackberry Torch which is the worst Blackberry I have ever had (so little thought had gone into making that joke of a touchscreen phone). To be honest, i did not mean to buy the HTC, but just tested it for a few minutes and I knew I had to have it.The new WP7 OS feels sleek and minimalistic, unlike the gaudy iOS of iPhone, but more similar to the look of the sylized Blackberry OS6, although having nothing in common in terms of ease of use. It is also less popular than iOS, which i think resounds with my approach to phones. The phone and OS are quick, very responsive and plain beautiful.Even though it has a large screen the HD7 sits very comfortably in my pocket, not showing any bulk at all. It has a great camera that does wonders in bright daylight and the phone does indeed shoot high quality video.Bing maps is also another application I like better than its brother google maps. It looks better, it finds things easier, and once you have found what you need, you can pin it as a tile on the front screen for easy use later on.I also love the look and feel of Outlook which synchs with my office mail, calendar and contacts (like the Blackberry, but looks fantastic and is much easier on the eye and on the hand).Web browser works and feels very good, very quick and responsive. Of course it lacks flash, but I hear it is being developed for WP7.The WP7 is a clear case of form over function, but I forgive it because of the uber-sleek touch and feel the whole thing has.Now the gripes:1. The camera is ridiculous in low light conditions (with or without flash). Pictures are either blurred or overexposed.2. Battery life is a joke - I could easily extract 4-5 days of use from a single battery charge with my Blackberry, now i hardly get two full days. This is a serious inconvenience, especially if you are travelling, because you can be left without a phone at any time. What is even more unpleasant is the fact that there is no OEM higher capacity battery by HTC, other than the original one (1230 mAh). I hope they fix this soon.3. The alarm works only when the phone is switched on. So you cannot switch the phone off at night and have to worry whether the battery will run dry and the phone will not wake you up in time for work.4. WP7 Marketplace is yet to grow, and most notably it lacks ANY navigation software, which in my view is a serious shortcoming for this OS. I would love to see navigation software having the look and feel of Bing maps.5. No decent youtube application.6. No option to use an .mp3 as a ring tone (unclear why WP7 does not support this).7. Only 8 Gb of storage and you cannot do anything about it.All in all I think this is a very good buisness smartphone, and certainly could be a Blackberry-killer.The OS (WP7) has  still not been perfected (phone may become hung by various activities and applications), but I think it has a lot of potential.Despite the shortcomings, I would recommend this product to other people, who knowingly could live with them, for the sake of using a sleek, convenient and beautiful phone.

I purchased two phones and both came locked. It seems like the phones were made for exibition because i cant do any customization on it and have an annoying screensaver showing phone utilities. I will never buy anything from this seller. Be carefull at buying something from him.

The purchase was pretty smooth, and seller was prompt in answering the questions and provided guidance on shopping. As seller claimed, I received the item in very good packaging on time, even though weather conditions were not good. Brand new, opened, inserted own sim and here you go. Everything works excellent. Even T-mobile sim was included. Seems like I purchased the good from T mobile. :)

Just got the phone, the Data connection is not working. I use Fido with Data plan, how to fix it?

It freezes on ALL THE TIME and I don't like how you can't download apps I'm not able to sync my email I HATE IT

So let's start with the complaints:--> Its a big phone, the screen has over 4" of viewing area.--> The screen, although bright and beautiful, is not quite up to par with the other Phone 7s out there.--> HTC managed to put buttons just about everywhere where you hold it. So if you're call goes quiet all of the sudden it is probably your thumb pushing in on the side.--> Office Mobile better get beefed up soon or Microsoft is going to lose what little potential edge they have in this phone.And that's where my complaints end. Microsoft did a very wise thing to scrap their traditional tiny Windows concept for Mobile devices and made the user interface fun and inviting. Although there aren't a ton of Apps available right now for Windows Phone 7s I am not necessarily the type to overload a phone or computer with a lot of extra software.The Windows Phone OS is easy and very responsive to flicks, pinches, and presses on the HD7. The coolest thing about the HD7 and Phone 7, however, was when I typed in my Windows Live ID and the phone filled up with some 200 hundred of my contacts within seconds. I connected to my work's Exchange server and all of my business contacts and email came up in seconds. The call quality is stellar (although I can only compare it to the previous three cell phones I've owned, all of which were terrible)and calls have not broken up on me at all yet.Best surprises:--> Kick stand!--> I never thought I would actually enjoy playing around on a cell phone. Even test driving the Droid X and iPhone I never really understood people's attachment to cell phones.--> This phone is one of the best sounding MP3 players I've heard yet! I was not expecting anything at all when it came to sound quality but HTC really put some effort in making this phone a real entertainment machine [using the headphones, that is. The built-in stereo speakers are only useful for conference style calls].The battery life takes me through a day as long as I make sure to turn the WiFi off when I leave my house. With the WiFi turned on the battery life is almost exactly half of normal. Please note, I have had this phone for one week so I have as of yet had something buggy happen with the phone. I'm sure the bugs will come as I use it more and add more Apps.

Nice phone, I mean really nice phone BUT Windows Phone 7 is definitely not business orientated. If you do not mind that you cannot sync with Outlook, organize your contacts by company or last name and that you have to sync via Live then you will love both the phone and the operating system.Not for me but maybe for you.ProsGreat screen, big, clear and sharpPlenty of featuresGreat looking phoneCall quality impeccableConsA little bit bigWindows Phone 7, nice, slick but not cooked all the way through yet, needs tidying up and tweaking to be taken seriouslyBattery life, not goodGo for it if you want to listen to music and do not mind messing around to get simple things (like syncing contacts done)

my first HTC,the quality built is very nice, touch screen is very sensitive, and the kick stand is a great plus for not holding it while watching a video or a movie.one thing needs to improve is the battery life compared to iphone.overall it's a good smartphone, much better price than iphone and better than samsung's smartphone i had before.

I used the HD2 as my primary phone before this one and due to the fact that the HD2 was such an amazing phone I went for the HD7. The Windows Phone interface is amazing and colourful. With Zune, unlimited music downloads is the order of the day, and the near 100000 apps are great too.Although I'm not going for any HTC after this one, opting for the Lumia 900 in a few months I would say the HD2 and HD7 was the last great phones we've seen from HTC. We're seeing some hope in form of the OneX but since it's running Android I'll stay away.If you're looking for an exceptional phone with the best mobile OS to date then grab this one, it's cheap as well.

excelent cellphone, i was checking it in wp 7, and well is ok but when i update it to 7.5 it change alot more fast

I was excited about my brand new HTC HD7. Guess What?! Its sucks!!! Why? for many reasons, first the battery life, it doesnt even last half of the day. Only if you leave it with the screen off in a stand by mode. But if you wanna listen to music, play some games or even making calls... You wont get the chance of coming to you house with the phone still on.The apps, many of them have a cost, while in the iphone 4, lots, tons of them are free.You cant change the ring tone to a song, cant change the icons in the window screen, i mean the colors to other than those included, the background. You wont get the chance to move files from/to the phone with you pc. I didnt come with the original live messenger!!!! come on!!!! you have to download it from MIYOWA!!!i had a nokia and the reception was asome. WIth this, i have to be near a window in my building, i have to leave it near a place with signal.Tell me if this doesnt happen to you.So so sorry but next phone is gonna be iphone.

I am writing this review after 2 weeks of use with the HD7.The phone comes with about 14gigs of usable storage space, which is more then adequate for my music and video collection.Now about the zune player software that comes with the phone, , to browse through songs in shuffle mode, is even faster then the iphone4 ( it also has much more visuals than the iphone4, it displays the album art and also the artist at the same time ).The only problem the zune has is that it cannot do a music search in your library by pressing the search button. it just takes you to the marketplace ( probably in future updates might fix that )Also for wireless syncing, I had to turn off the wifi on my phone and re-enable it for the zune pc to recognize the phone. They should to resolve that as well.So the zune music player software is top notch, but it needs minor upgrades here.The 4.3 inch screen is SUPER sensitive, even with a screen protector on. The screen although has less pixels than the iphone4 ( hardly noticeable ), is more sensitive.Navigating though the phone's menus are very fluid and fast,,,, like if you want to change the theme of the phone, after you are finished, hit the windows button.( it will take you back to the homescreen ). If you want to change the theme again, just hit the 'back' button on the phone, and it will take you back to the theme options. Very fast and handy.Other nice free features are the skydrive and facebook integration ( twitter is absent oddly ). With skydrive, all your contacts that are aded to the phone is automatically and instantly uploaded to you windows live account ( so if your phone gets stolen, lost or broken you still have your important information). It also has features to find your phone, remote lock and erase. Apple recently added the last features to iOS devices for free, but the upload information is still a paid service.For the very few bugs that the phone has, microsoft i presume is working on an update that will be rolled out in Q1 of 2011.

I would ignore any pre-mango reviews written about windows 7 as the OS has changed a lot.The "most helpful critical review" is full of inaccuracies.  Bluetooth works fine. Copy and paste works fine.  I can send files to my wife and back.  I can put a shopping list on the skydrive that she can edit real time and I get the updates.  You won't find a folder full of files.  You will need skydrive.  But, skydrive works great and it's free as part of microsoft suite.  Outlook, works fine.  Both corporate and personal.  Corporate, you'll need to have them grant you access.All this said, I do have a thing or two to say about the hardware piece of this phone.1. screen is lovely.2. sound is great3. speed is good.4. connections reliable.5. gps and mapping - really an excellent job especially with traffic. (partly software here)BUT, if you put a skin on this phone or you put it in a case and summer comes around, you risk crashing it (overheating), particularly if you play any processor-intensive games like bullet asylum.  I have also had problems using maps and it overheating while in the car on long trips.  Solution, if it's hot out, take it out of it's case.  If you're playing games, play somewhere air conditioned.I did have a problem with the phone's proximity sensor not working.  This is the controller that blackens the screen and locks the phone when you hold it to your head to talk.  Once locked, if the sensor isn't working, it stays locked until you yank the battery.  This is a problem if you're trying to hang up a call or trying to enter a passcode to join a corporate bridge.  Solution was to reset my phone to factory defaults.  Not a problem since everything backed up on skydrive.  Kind of nice because all my games started over from scratch.  I got my phone in Nov 2010.  Review written July 2012.  Have dropped it a few times so that probably didn't help.  Looking forward to my replacement window.Bottom line: will DEFINITELY get another windows phone.  Am waiting for Windows 8 which may not run fully on this currently hardware.  Windows 7.8 will but that is supposedly like "windows 8 lite".

Looks good but product is not new.  It is used.  That is clearly seen.  Avoid if you are looking for a new phone.

The phone's hardware might be great but it's OS is NOT very intuitive.  I would rather have been looking at the old DOS 1.1 prompt.Here's is a "picture" of that user interface:A:or DOS 2.1 (see pic)C:\The above were more intuitive that this Windows POS.It was sent to my daughter who was traveling to Italy.  she needed an "International" Verizon phone.  She had been using the Droid OS and was very happy with that.  She had to try to learn how to use this on a few days notice. I felt her pain.  BTW, Don't be honest when they (Microsoft Live) asks you how old you are.  If you indicate you are under 18 you will not be using ANY of the apps because you will not be allowed to install ANY apps and yes that includes that "Bird" program. Fortunately for my daughter she only had to deal with "the phone" for the duration of the vacation.  Actually that's all she could deal with -- the phone.  It made calls and recieved calls but it wasn't very smart.

Ran strong & solid for more than 2 years...Only If MS & HTC released the WP 7.8 upgrade I would have kept it, until it dies on me...But they wont upgrade it for all they released the upgrade in Italy I think then they ceased it!No I'm using my new NOKIA Lumia 820 & I'm happy with it.Pros:1- Big display at the time of its release.2- Snappy & super stable MS WP7 OS.3- The best Build quality from HTC, Back in the days this was considered a Flagship model.Cons:1- Screen is LCD its laggy & can barely keep with the fluid & snappy UI of WP7.2- A bit heavy for some weighting +160 grams. "Not a problem for me personally"Overall it is a good fone & I'll rate it 4.8/5

Se reinicia 10 o 20 veces al d&iacute;a. Actualizo el mail: se reinicia / Actualizo el pronostico: Se reinicia / Lo miro fijo: Se reinicia. Lamentable realmente, una decepci&oacute;n, pero se que es un problema de software. Tendr&eacute; que esperar hasta Octubre y ver si mejora con Mango.Photo: HorribleVideo: RegularPantalla: Excelente

This phone is not compatible with previous versions of Windows Mobile. Microsoft wants to control the content that the user purchases by not allowing the Windows Operating System to map the phone as a drive. Microsoft Office 2010 Mobile is extremely limited and difficult to use. If you have digital content, such as music, and video that your purchased using previous versions of Windows Mobile you'll need to purchase new licenses. Power hungry: I have to charge the phone every other day. The phone is not user friendly if you are blind or have low vision. What I like about the phone: Easy email setup, full html page support (no flash, or java support). GPS automacly configured.

Poor funtionability, slow, the worst OS: windows phone 7

I bought this phone about half a year ago. The item seems good, but in the end of the last month, the rear camera was out of work suddenly. I try to contact this seller in good faith' unfortunately'this seller denied my request in coarse manners. I make orders in amazon for about 3 years, that's my first time to write a complaint. Pls keep away of this seller and ur store, he is rude, irresponsible and hard to communication.

I have two HD7 which I bought at T-Mobile three weeks ago. While I was in the US they worked very well and they were awesome phones, practic, straightforward and simple, if what you wish is just a good phone, for talking, texting, e-mailing, etc.Nowithstanding, when I landed in Africa, at a city I am very used to travel to, my phones could connect to the local network, place calls without a problem, receive calls, but nobody could hear me. I was able to hear the other side.It was not the low volume switch, bluetooth on, wrong SIM card, anything I could know. Even booting the phone from scratch (removing the battery and re-starting the phone)could resolve the problem. Sometimes, it would work well por a minute or so.I removed the chip from the new phones and put them into my old blackberries bold, and got back to normal communication.What is intriguing is that the problem happened with both HD7 at the same time, and remain like that. So I am back to my bberries.I will return my new phones upon coming back to the US and see what T-Mobile has to say.If someone has the same problem, please comment my review. Thank you

It was supposed that I get the mobile phone as New & Unlocked.It was neither new nor unlocked.I paid 37 dollars to unlock it.When I told them it was not new and was not unlocked. It might have been unlocked on T Mobile Co only.They told me to turn the item back to refund me my money. It was difficult to do that and at the same time that meant I had to pay extra money on shipment.After the shock, I read other reviews and I found that other customers were trapped too.However, they told me to pay me 35 dollars which I have been still waiting as a compensation on an old item bought as new .....What I recommend, that they should be more careful and precise even if they are honest to send the customers the requested items exactly.Thank you however.HTC phones are among the best ones.....

I have been using HTC HD7 for over two months now. There are some pros and cons. It has largest or one of the largest displays available for the smartphones, one of my purchase criterion. My hope was that MS will make free Bing voice navigation available for the WP7 platform, as they did on WM6.5, in which case a large screen would be handy. The second thing I liked about the phone that compared to my previous BB8900 it held the cellular signal and the WiFi signal much better. I live in an area where the cellular reception is very poor. So, since BB8900 provided the UMA feature, I had high hopes on BB8900 but it failed to hold on to the WiFi signal even when in proximity of the WiFi router at home. So, in that regard HD7 was much better.Now, my major grduge is about the poor voice quality on speakerphone. The speakerphone is barely audible. The speaker volume on multimedia goes upto 30 while on calls it goes only upto 10. Either MS or HTC screwed up here. T-Mobile promised a software update from HTC but it has not come yet. Although, one tech support person from T-Mobile recognized it as a known issue, HTC support wouldn't aknowledge it as such.Another issue, this time purely Microsoft's, that I have not been able to make the SharePoint Workspace Mobile to work on my phone. My organization uses a HTTPS SP server. I had to configure UAG on my phone to connect to the SharePoint site, but that's how far I can go with it. When opening a document, it tells me that I don't have necessary permissions. After several attempts I can download a local copy of the document and edit it in Office Mobile, but then my changes can't be synced back to the SP site as I again get the error that I don't have necessary permissions. To be honest, this was one feature I was looking forward to as I have been taking great pains to advocate use of SharePoint in my organization. Accessibility on my phone would have made a stronger case for both the SharePoint and WP7, but alas Microsoft can't make even it's own products talk with each other smoothly!Phone was released in Oct '10 and we are still waiting for the first single feature update, "copy and paste". First it was rumored to be released around Jan 7 right before CES 2011, then the CEO Steve Ballmer announced that rumored copy and paste update will come very soon without giving any timeline, leading to rumors that it would be released before MWC 2011 around Feb 7, and then during MWC Ballmer announced features to be released in the second update in the later half of the year and that first update will come during first two weeks of March, again no firm timeline. I now doubt that we will see it in the first two weeks given the fiasco with their very first featureless update to improve the future update process.I was wrong in opting for an early upgrade chosing WP7. It has a long way to go to catch up with more established iOS and android platforms. I hope this review helps you in making the right decision in case you are in the market for a phone that just works!My first HTC and Windows mobile device and I am disappointed with both. The average life of such devices is 2 years and if they plan to do annual updates to thier buggy software and hardware, it's hard to imagine how they can capture the market that they hope to. Good Luck MS!

Firstly, their was no screen protector which all mobile company provides and comes by default with a new phone. So, it looks like that it's a refurbished/used phone. As some body has rmove the film from the screen.Secondaly, the sound button is loose and it make a sound while carrying a phone.Thirdly, As stated by HTC the storage capicity with this phone comes is 16GB but its has only 14.63GB.I purchased this product due to WP7 and large display.------------------[Edited]: 1. [Screen Protector] I am sure screen protector comes with this phone. I have purchase same phone from T-Mobile store and it was having screen protector. Due to locked & 2 yrs contract condition I returned it and purchased it from Amazon. My earlier Nokia phone was also having the screen protector.2. [Sound Button] I still have issue with sound button which is little loose.3. [Storage] It is not an issue. 14.63GB. The difference was due to ---how gigabytes are calculated. Manufacturers use base 10, or 1 gigabyte = 1,000,000,000 bytes. Computers calculate in base 2, or 1 gigabyte = 1,073,741,824 bytes

Is this phone available for tmobile. I was looking at this phone and it looks very nice, but I was wondering if it would work with tmobile.

Apart from the great things everybody knows about this phone there are somethings that need improvement:- You cannot connect wi-fi with adhoc- you cannot transfer files via bluetooth- there isn't a good notification twitter app installed.- battery life not perfect.thats it. everything else is great.

I wish the vendors would stop calling these T-Mobile phones "Global Phones."  These T-Mobile phones do not work in Japan and Korea which require CDMA network capability.

I could not use the phone It was by AT&T and I ordered a T Mobile phone I had to return it and I will reorder A T Mobile phone next week

Had this phone for over a year..... its really stable and in 1 year it only froze and restarted on me once because of a bad app I downloaded.Everything about it is quick, 22 second startup time, texting directions maps etc.looking forward to windows 8

The bad part:- It doesn't have pre-installed the Windows Live Messenger, actually there's no version of Messenger from Microsoft for Windows Phone 7. On the marketplace there's a Windows Live Messenger available to install for free, but this one was created by Miyowa (third party application...); although the app is not too bad, but I would expected a better improvement directly on the messenger from Microsoft Corp. I hope that Microsoft release a real Windows Live Messenger for Windows Mobile 7 very soon.- T-Mobile doesn't support multi-language keyboard. This is bad, it's supposed that this device is global... the only keyboard language available is English and there's no way to install another language in the device. I wanted spanish keyboard language feature. Maybe in the upcoming updates of Windows Mobile 7 this feature will be enable.The good part:- HTC have many applications available for free very cool. "Connection Setup" application is real cool because detects the network provider (my case Telcel from Mexico) and it downloaded all configurations to the phone immediately to get connected to Internet and 3G/GSM network.

its one of the most wonderful cell phones that i ever had, its just piece of art, and windows phone 7 is fast and easy plus the games on it is super duper amazing

I ordered this phone to replace my lost/damaged phone of the same model with T-Mobile. The Asurion Insurance through TMobile claim that we submitted was taking over 90days to get a replacement, so this was the option that we were forced to take. For the record, I still have not received my replacement phone from Asurion or T-Mobile.  Anyhow, the phone was new in the box, came with a brand new SIM Card and it was in perfectly new shape. Once in a while when I try to access my TMobile TV, there is an error message indicating that the phone is registered out of the country and can't get the signal, but it is because we live near the USA/Mexico Border. Other than that, phone came in original packaging, unopened, perfect condition. The phone also arrived a day earlier than the estimated shipping, which was great. Very happy with my purchase. Also very happy with the seller.

Absolutely amazing phone!! Only con is windows marketplace I don't really like the apps on it. But the phone is excellent!!

Phone didn't work , but they were good & fast at making a return. . . . . . .

truth be told I was a little sceptical about buying online without seeing the phine in person. But this turned out to be the best buy I have done online. The phone is amazing and works perfect and was brand new. I really love it

I am in love with this phone so much! OMG! It's so slick, and freaking awesome!The only thing I can say that is bad is slacker radio LOL! And that you cannot customize your ownringtones, so we are talking polyphonic ringtones.

very happy with phone, just the bad point couldn't have Skype, not yet.I got the phone very fast. Very easy to use.

This is a great phone. Its fast it has a good app store that continues to grow. Multitasking is comming in its next update. The keyboard is awesome as well. That's tough for me to say because the previous phone i had a physical keyboard but this one is really good. Overall its is a 5\5

Generally good, doesn't give earphone, and upgrade met an unrecognized mistake. For HD7, this type of cellphone cost too much power, however, winphone system is really interesting.

Software------------Overall good OS which makes life simple. Once you setup your live tiles then most of the time you won't have to open apps and you can just glance and know what is going on with the world.Fast phone navigation, app switching is fast, dedicated back button is really helpful.Office apps are good but OneNote doesn't render hand written notes captured on my tablet pc.Outlook app is very good.It doesn't support sound streaming to bluetooth headset while playing youtube or videos Bluetooth headsetTasks cannot be pinned.Hardware---------------Nice cameraTouch buttons are too sensitive and can be clicked accidentally a lot. I prefer tactile buttons.Battery life is not great. You would have to charge every day with normal use.Screen is good but not great.

I have to say I am very happy with this device. It looks nice and professional, Windows Phone is easy to use and the phone is very fast. Since I have had the phone, the market has doubled in size. Some of the most recent apps are quite nice. I must say that the market is coming along nicely!

The item is great if consider it as just a phone with all extra opportunities.The only disappointing thigh is: there is no possibility to import/export files other than music, films and photos.Having such a sophisticated and exciting item without such a simple function? ...... Why do we have word, excel, PowerPoint in it, if we cannot work and synchronize it with PC?Hope that some upgrades will follow.Otherwise, it is great phone.

I meant to buy this phone for my father who doesn't speak English.  I'm just surprised that this phone does not have asian languages!! it's not very "global"!!Otherwise, this phone is Ok. Only took one day to receive the phone. It was fast!

I've been a smartphone user for a long time.  I've always looked at a smartphone as a way to untether myself from the PC.  I've used Apple, Android, Symbian and recently Maemo (Nokia)and have always been an avid fan of any mobile device.My latest phone was a n900 by Nokia which I still love, but had to find something else that was less cumbersome.  It was my everything device that I could do anything I wanted except answer calls on a consistent basis.  Android was my next adventure which I ported on to my n900 and had a Droid for work as well.  I liked the combination of features and functions that it had compared to my n900 and the iPhone, but still felt I needed something else.Enter the HD7.  I've had a wonderful time with this phone.  I can tell you that the experience of Windows Phone 7 is amazingly simple.  I think Apple is the standard for user interface simplicity, but WP7 really feels even easier.  I went with the HD7 because of the size of the phone (and since I'm a Tmobile I was lucky that it was offered there).Hardware:  Though it has a large foot print, it's thin and weighs enough to make you feel like you have a solid device.  The hardware buttons are somewhat cumbersome at first - the power button and camera button are almost flush to the device - but once you get the hang of it, it's not too bad.  The screen is so sensitive.  I had a couple of typos because the screen picked up the smallest amount of touch (good thing the predictive text is good).  Speakers could have been much better, but I can still hear my music when I'm washing the dishes or giving the kids a bath. Kick stand is much better on the HD7 than my n900 and overall feel is solid.  The sheer size of the screen is great.  The perfect size I think.  Not too small and not too large.  As you probably have read on other reviews, the screen isn't the best in class, but it does the job well.  Colors are good, but not great.  If you do a side by side comparison of the screen to say a Samsung Focus, then you will definitely see a difference.  I don't think it's too bad since I don't use the phone next to others, but if you get bothered by this, then this may not be the best screen for you.  For me it works and does a great job.  Camera is decent but not that great.  I'm hoping a couple of updates will solve for some of the shortcomings, but for now I'll just make sure I don't take any indoor photos with this phone.My only complaints with are the back cover.  It's too flimsy and does not fit completely flush when on so you can see a sliver of your sim card.Software: Now you can go to Engadget or any of those sites for a deeper review, but I'll highlight my favorite parts of WP7.Lock screen - nice and functional.  It shows how many messages, voicemails, calendar events and missed calls all without even opening up to the home screen. Wish notifications were shown using the LED but I can understand battery consumption issues there.Home screen - simple and pleasing to the eye. What makes this operating system stand out is the implementation of the functions.  It moves away from a grid style to a functional tile system.  Think of it like a icon with widget like functionality.Zune player - I've always wanted a Zune player and now I have one.  The HD7 does a great job of providng clear sound.  The Zune player is great, and I actually prefer it over Apple.  It's very smooth and very well designed.Overall, a great first experience.  It was enough to get my mom to get the same phone.UPDATE: 4-6-2011I've had this phone for 3 months now and still love the device.It was fast before the new NoDo update and now even faster with it - overall UI speed and app start/resuming is quicker.  Copy and Paste feature is nice, but I never really needed it.  Market search has been improved and stability issues that occured with Market and Zune haven't surfaced since.  I still love the social network integration and don't miss the twitter client at all.  Zune music player is fantastic and the tile system hasn't gotten old.  Found some cool tranparent lock screens and that just adds to the coolness yet simple things this OS has to offer.Do I want more apps?  Not really, but if you do it's good to know that the overall market keeps growing. As of this post there are over 12,860 apps ([...]) and number of developers continues to grow to which is promising.  I've used only a handful of apps and really love playing some of the games when I actually have time for them.I've changed the rating to 4 stars due to the camera on occasion getting all whacked out with pink hued pictures (not all the time but still come on HTC).  Also updating the phone could be easier with OTA, but I had issues trying to use my XP (sp3) to update.  Had to ask a friend to let me use his Windows 7 machine and now all is good.

I ordered this telephone and was sooooo pleased. As a user of this phone for a year, I wanted an additional one. The order was expedited, delivered in perfect condition, and activated without ANY problems!!! Thank for a great product and I most certainly will purchase from this seller again.....

i can't believe that this product doesn't have the older products of same type the htc i very like by yours anythings , but this product is very good but don't have a lot things that use normaly htc havesorry for my english

I have had the HTC HD7 now for over at least 9 months and am very happy with it.  It is by far the best phone I have ever owned, but due to a lack of some key features, it's not perfect.What I Like About It:I was new to the Windows 7 Mobile platform when I first got the phone.  The first thing I noticed about the phone is how easy it is to use.  Navigation is very easy, as your main screen is "tiles", where you can put the apps and features you use most on.  To access the rest of your features/apps, simply swipe the screen to left and your list will show up with the full spectrum of your phone.  Very simple and easy.  Another nice feature of the main screen is how some of the tiles will rotate to show the pictures on your phone, so it almost feels like the phone is "alive", in a sense.The construction is very sturdy and the phone feels solid in your hand.  It's a bit heavy, which I prefer, and doesn't feel cheap.  Also, the screen is resistant to scratching.  I do not have a screen protector and to wipe my phone free of any blemishes I usually use my t-shirt (terrible I know).  I barely have two smalls scratches on the screen, the rest is flawless.  I don't know if the screen is made of gorilla glass or what, but it's definitely tough.The camera on this phone is awesome, and comes with its own dedicated button.  The resolution is very good and the quality of the pictures makes me proud to upload them onto Facebook.  The flash is super bright and definitely a plus addition.  Also, if you need to capture a picture or video quickly, the dedicated picture button is a fantastic feature.  If your screen is locked, simply hold onto the picture button for about two seconds, and automatically the picture screen will show up and you will be able to snap away.The touchscreen is very responsive and makes navigation easy.  This is the best touchscreen I have used, as it is better than either my iPod touch 4G or iPad 2.There is very little lag!  Almost no lag with this phone, and definitely no force closing issues.  The phone is quick, and is as fast now as it was right out of the box.  This is perhaps what I am most happy about, as most phones I have owned in the past slow down and lag over time and use.  Some apps do take some time to load, but the phone has never frozen on me and when doing basic functions such as calling, texting, emailing, and browsing the web, the phone is fast and responsive.There is plenty of storage space in the phone.  I have a ton of pics and videos on my HD7, and when I connect the phone to my computer, it still has plenty of storage left. The overall memory capacity is 16GB, which to me is a lot.Xbox Live.  The phone comes with a built in Xbox Live app.  Just link your gamertag and you're in.  Now granted, you cannot play any games (obviously) in your Xbox library, but it's still a cool feature to have.  You can access what games you've played, your gamerscore, what acheivments you have, and you can customize your avatar.  You can also check messages and find friends.  Very cool feature.What I Don't Like:Unfortunately, there are some flaws to this phone.  The worst one, in my opinion, is the low volume on the phone.  Notifications and ringtones are definitely loud enough, but the speaker and speakerphone volumes are terrible.  Talking and driving is a very trying experience.  On busy freeways and quiet roads alike it is hard for me to hear the person on the other end of the line clearly.  If there was one feature I could fix about this phone, the volume would be it.The lock/unlock/power button, located on the top right of the phone, is a small problem.  It is hard to fully press it all the way for it to work, and doesn't satisfyingly "click" when pressed.  I find myself trying the press the button two or three times before the phone wakes up.  Somewhat frustrating, but not too bad.Another big setback for the Windows 7 Mobile OS is the marketplace.  It is clearly EPICALLY far behind both the Android Market and the Apple App Store.  Most apps are not free, and there is a very limited selection.  However, some staples of industry are here, and are free.  They include, but are not limited to; Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Netflix, Flixter, and ESPN Scorecenter.  HTC does have some very cool free apps also, including Photo Enhancer, Flashlight (which works excellently), and Sleep, which is basically one of those alarm clocks with the soothing sounds.Customization is also an issue.  There is hardly anything to customize on this phone.  You can put a custom picture on the lock screen, but it won't be in the background.  You can change the color of the tiles, but the color selection is very limited.  Also, the phone comes with plenty of included ringtones and alert sounds, but you can't have any custom ringtones, such as your favorite song.  You can, however, customize where your tiles are placed on the navigation screen.  People used to using an Android phone will find the lack of customization unsettling.The Zune software that syncs your phone to your computer can be a little confusing at first, and it doesn't save your contacts, so if you reset your phone, be prepared to have random numbers popping up.  However, after a little practice with it, the Zune software can be used effectively to streamline your pictures and music.The battery life on this phone is lacking.  Granted, I have not tried buying a new battery to see if I have a lame duck battery, but the battery I have drains very fast, especially when streaming videos.Lastly, the phone is not supported for 4G capability.Overall:This is a very good phone, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an easy to use smartphone with a good camera and no lag.  This isn't a kneejerk reaction, either.  I have had this phone for 9 months, and I don't believe in kneejerk reviews, as they can be misleading.  SWAG.

I bought this phone and tried to use it with a GSM service provider in India (Vodafone) but it did not work. As soon as I inserted the sim card into the device and powered it up, it asked my for some sort of unlock code.My money is wasted!!!!!

I take this phone to Jamaica and all it can do is make a call and answer a call. Nothing else works I can not use or down load any thing. The phone open to AT&T and they will not give the code to open the phone. It will work but only to make and ans. a call on the 2 net work there. a waste of my money. They says it open to the world.

One of the best phones I've used.  I've tried other smartphones and this one is very good.First I'll talk about the phone hardware then the OS.Hardware:Very solid phone, beautiful and large screen and the feel of the device is very nice in the hands.  The rubberized material on the back lets you hold the device without dropping it.  Feels pretty light and really this is the size smartphones should be; the screen is absolutely perfect.The power button I feel is a little small - it needs to be a little taller so its easier to push to power on, maybe its just the case I have it in now that makes it a little hard to push in.Volume switches - I find I accidently push these quite often and it changes the volume.  While it's great they are available we should have an option to lock the volume rocker/buttons so they dont constantly keep changing the volume.Camera button - very nice and allows you to quickly take photos with a single click!!  The camera does have an issue where it makes whites look pink - there is supposedly a fix coming from htc to address this; appaerantly this same bug was in the htc hd2 and htc fixed that; this is a problem with htc's driver not with windows phone 7.  The dual led flash on this device is fantastic and allows you to take nice bright photos at 5 megapixel - obviously not the best camera in the world at 5mp but for a cell phone its really good.  HTC throws in a nice flashlight app that they make which allows you to use the dual leds as a flashlight anytime you want - its really really bright - in a pitch black room it lights the entire room up - crazy cool!Soft buttons - the buttons on the bottom of the screen - back, windows and search work great and are very responsive - touch them and easily take you back to the main screen, go back in an application or launch the search applications.  Many times if you accidentally press these buttons while in a game you can easily drag your finger away and it wont kill the game and take you out of it - very nice feature so you dont accidentally keep quitting an app/game.The speakers on this device are pretty good; I havent had any problem at all with these speakers and they are quite loud when listening to music, playing games or on the speakerphone with someone else.  The clarity is pretty good too.The sound quality on the device is excellent when taking calls; recipients have no problem hearing you either.Call quality/signal - no problems at all with this phone; havent had a single dropped call when using this phone, you can easily switch to speaker phone at anytime by tapping on the screen and choosing the speakerphone option - switching is instant and smooth.Battery life - I easily get one and 1/2 days usage out of this even with wifi and 3g on.  Very good phone even if you are very busy and need to do some browsing, emailing and taking calls.  Recharging the phone is pretty quick too whether you plugin to the wall or your computer.  The plug is a standard micro? usb plug.  It comes with an adapter that allows you to plug the standard usb end into a wall socket to get AC power too - very nice design.Software:The new Windows Phone 7 OS is very fluid, slick and responsive - no slow downs at all and smooth all the way through.  Very easy to understand and use.  You simply swipe down and up to choose any application you want.  Need something on the 'homescreen' simply tap and hold it - whether its a contact from your address book, an app, or a game you can easily organize and choose whatever you want to be on the front.Swipe to the right and you have the entire list of all applications installed.  All games are organized in the xbox live section so there is no clutter.  The operating system was very well thought out and organized and is not a mess of static icons found on other smartphones.Live tiles are excellent - when the weather upates - it shows you the temperature and the conditiosn outside (snowing, rain, sunny, cloudy, fog, etc).  It shows you the day and month, time obviously, how many emails you have, how many voice messages you have, how many missed phone calls.  You don't need to keep pressing deep down to find this information - its all right there on the main screen.  If you want to pull the phone out of your pocket and glance down you can do that too right on the lock screen - it shows all of that information there too.  Beautiful and efficient; no fiddling all day with your phone unless you really want to.Over 4000 applications are now available in the marketplace, many of the games available are xbox live compatible - full gamerscore, achievements, buddy lists, invites, sending/receiving messages all built right in.  These games are not cheap ports from other smartphone os's - these are all highly polished and unique games built from the ground up for Windows Phone 7.  You have alot of great games like assassins creed, need for speed, deblob, frogger, guitar hero, hexic, max and the magic marker, project sunburst (crackdown), puzzle quest 2, the harvest, sims 3, uno.  A ton of great indie games too like - birdy bounce (like doodle jump), impossible shoota, unite.  There are many more games and applications.  You have great applications like Netflix - you can watch full movies from your instant queue, add items to your queue.  AP Mobile - read about news events from around the world, ebay - see your auctions, bid on items, manage you account, flixster - see what movies are happening in your area, showtimes, locations, top movies, news.  Built in youtube app that lets you watch youtube movies.The built in applications like Office let you view/edit ord documents, view/edit excel documents, view powerpoint presentations, view/edit onenote, outlook - view your email from multiple providers - hotmail, google, yahoo, any email provider - very intuitive and easy to use interface.  Internet Explorer - optimized and is a really good browser now; pinch to zoom and scrolling in internet explorer works perfectly, loading pages is excellent and fast - no real faults at all with the new internet explorer.  Music/Videos player is basically the zune interface - beautiful; manages all your videos and music here and if you have a zune pass you can listen to your music from right here - this works in the background too and you can play games and surf the web using this application in the background.With so much good, what can be bad?- No multitasking for third party apps - we need the ability to multi-task and choose what we want running in the background.  Some apps really do need multitasking.- Copy/paste - this is a minor issue but it can come in handy when copying things from a webpage/word and emailing it to others - this is being added in a January OS update from Microsoft.- HTML 5 support - currently internet explorer does not support html5; this really needs to be worked on immediately - supposedly an update in august will add html5 - too slow it needs to be added in asap.- Documents - need the ability to drop documents directly from zune software and sync with office mobile.- Camera - htc needs to fix the color problems with this camera; they fixed it in the htc hd2 so it shouldnt be a problem fixing it in the htc hd7.Hands down this is one of the best initial Windows Phone 7 devices out there; this is nothing new from htc - they make really exceptional hardware for Microsoft's operating systems.  I hope to purchase the next HTC phone they make with Windows Phone 7 down the road ;)

Excellent purchase. Phone came on the day it was supposed to. Brought it new, but cost me less than what a new one cost at T-Mobile stores. Highly recommended seller!

Phone is good, but just got an issue with playing media files. I recorded a video from HTC HD7 camera and I don't believe that phone can not play the video which is taken by its own camera. The phone is keep hanging when ever I am trying to open the video file and even after taking first video from the camera the Zune media player is not opening, i tried several times. Its getting crash all the time.I am very upset with this buy. Hope Microsoft will update the software soon or else this is a big mistake by me to buy windows phone.

The device itself looks very sharp. Amazing display and very sensitive touch screen.The OS is much better then my previous phones (Nexus one, G1) and the device help the OS to deliver the best user experience i saw on the phone.I strongly recommend about purchasing this item, especially with that price! (530$).

No file explorer, no usb sync with outlook. Want more? no ability to set your own mp3s as ringtones, GPS requires monthly paid service, must use zune, no ability to categorize your own files, etc. Stay away.

That I've ever owned. The live tiles makes owning the HD7 very enjoyable. Two years in and it still runs great and I love the fact that I can use this phone on several networks without being under a contract.

Pros: + Clean, uncluttered interface+ Very responsive+ Extremely stable+ 16gb of onboard memory+ Multiple MS Exchange server accounts allowed+ Call quality (clarity) is decent+ Screen colors are natural though a bit washed outCons: - Non-removable memory- Battery life is BAD (OK, I am pushing 4 email accounts)- Picture quality is less than expected

It's a good cellphone. For those who like cutting-edge electronics maybe not so good. Specially after HTC EVO 3D 4G release... But that's another story.Pros:As everyone else who purchased this phone, I love the screen size.Touch is very smooth and precise.Applications found useless to someone can be uninstalled.Very fast processor.Cons:No slot card (I knew it before buying), though 16Gb should be good enough for main purpose of device.Bluetooth for headphone doesn't work for video clips. (I bought Plantronics Backbeat 903+)Can pair only one bluetooth device at a time.Only keyboard availabe is English US, not US international, therefore NO ACCENTUATION.Overall:For the amount of money spent, it's a great purchase.

I must say the graphic is quite good but still the battery life isn't that satisfactory! Windows apps all suck! The Facebook has to no chat. Simple apps like mp3 download or photo edit all are sketchy unreliable.overall the phone is not bad but I m not happy with windows apps at all. Yes I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone!

This phone has freezed on starting up with the words HTC on the screen and that was it. Maybe its the manufacturing fault but I was deeply Disappointed. This phone needs more apps.

this phone is not unlocked, is in very bad condition, the seller conforms,  delivered only phone without charger and without any cables, the phone broken off plastic around the case and scratched everywhere as well as the Screen, this phone only if you throw

If you are like me that you work on a company with an exchange server and half or your day is spent looking at your outlook calendar an email, then this phone is for you. The calendar experience leaves the iPhone calendar eating dust. The touchscreen sensitivity is greater than iPhone. Android user experience is a cheap copycat of iPhone with the touchscreen sensitivity being far inferior to iPhone. This phone is the most sensitive I've had even with the protective film installed. Some Android models are horribly frustrating that you cannot even open the slider 3 times out of 4 to start using them. I had the Palm Pre before and also the sensitivity was not great.The screen is large and photos/videos look great. This is the first phone where I can see my whole monthly calendar and pinpoint a meeting in the next week. Really recommend it for business users.

the phone is about big. i really didn't know how it's feel in my hands, but the experience is good. the windows phone is very responsive and the screen is really sensible. the phone is big to some pockets but i'm happy.

I was very displeased with the item I received. I liked the look of the phone but had to send it back. The item was of no use to me. It would not function at all. Even after being plugged into the wall outlet, it still showed no signs of functionality.

I had this phone for a few days and I can tell you I have never had more disappointment with the low volume of any phone other then this. do a search for hd7 low volume issue or sound fix for hd7 and you will see the web loaded with issues..I first noticed this when i set my alarm clock i was amazed how QUIET it was.. even on its max 30 setting there is no way in hell this thing would wake me up..also trying to use GPS in a car with this is no good you can not hear anything the gps is telling you..sound for music and phone volume are ok but if you expect to use this forspeakerphoneGPSor alarm clock FORGET IT..this is going back to Tmobile for a droid!!!P.S the telenav software if you can hear it also they will wack you 10$ a month to use driving directions and the free limited software out there for driving directions for wm7 and mango are junk at best.. the maps wont even recalculate is you miss a turn you have to TOUCH THE SCREEN TO RECALCULATE now who thought of that nice idea of having you touch your phone screen as you drive if you miss a turn?if you are just going to text and take a pic and browse the web and use facebook it is a great lightening fast phone  byt the above is more of what i do with a phone and it has to go back..

I love this phone, it has everything I would ever need to do with a phone and more! I love the big screen. I love all of the features! My only wish is that it had a real keyboard, and not a touch screen style. The keys on the screen are a little close together, or too small-- making typing a little difficult, but I'm sure I'll get used to that eventually! I haven't even used all of the options on the phone yet, but so far I love it and will probably never need to buy another phone ever again! So glad I got to try this baby out through Bzz Agent!

I have to say I am very happy with this device.  It looks nice and professional, Windows Phone is easy to use and the phone is very fast.  Since I have had the phone, the market has doubled in size.  Some of the most recent apps are quite nice.  I must say that the market is coming along nicely!I would definitely recommend this phone!

Buen telefono celular, aunque si nunca han tenido un telefono tactil les costara un poco aadaptarse al teclado. De resto muy facil de usar.

I love this phone... it came unlocked and when it got here i slapped my sim in from straight talk and i was good to go

I sent the phone to Africa and they said it's awesome. The phone works good. I recommend it to everyone

Have already done an OS review elsewhere and that's sort of a separate topic in a way. The phone itself is beautiful and easy to hold, even in my small hands. I like the smooth metal which isn't quite as comfortable as the soft touch plastic found on LG's Quantum, but it also doesn't show scratches and smudges easily. Thin and with just enough curve to give it some grip this puppy is fine for all day holding, assuming the battery will last that long.On just about every smartphone and high-end multimedia phone I've owned, I would have allowed a slightly thicker body if they could just shoe horn in a stronger battery. Mine cant go a whole day of surfing or game playing or music listening, even if I have the screen on auto-brightness. Heck, I had this thing in Airplane mode all day while travelling and it didn't save much power that way either! And given the sleek, stylish shape its very annoying to have to switch over to a clunky extended battery. Not pocket friendly after that. Apparently this device is actually quite power efficient compared to other phones with similar processor and screen size, so HTC did get a lot out of that little battery.The body is solidly constructed with plenty of metal but in some pockets that may make it feel a bit heavy and it can flop around. Certainly not appropriate for a front shirt pocket. This is probably better suited to a belt clip or purse as heavy as it is. But day to day I think I prefer a solid metal build to a delicate cheap plastic body thats only a little lighter.Kickstand should have been centered. As is the thing tends to tip over quite easily. At any rate, on Tmobiles 3G service its not quite good enough to sit and watch Netflix or Youtube all day. Videos were always pixelated, even at home on Wifi. Suspect the processor isn't quite enough for a good movie viewing experience. Maybe after the Mango update. Did not try loading any of my own videos to watch because WP7 doesn't support too many formats and syncing with the Zune software is a hassle for me.Screen itself is good, not quite as bright or sharp as the Samsung Focus but its the largest one currently available on the limited selection of Windows devices. Very easy to find and press buttons and games look nice on the large screen. Also easy to see small text such as all the contact info on a detailed friend. Even better for web browsing with lots of text and pics. Not any higher resolution than comparable devices but with a large screen you have a little more flexibility zooming in and out to see things.Only real complaint is lack of physical keyboard. Yes it keeps the phone sleek but I find on just about every app when I need to type in text (especially the web browser) the on-screen keyboard takes up most of the display and I cant see what I'm doing above without constantly clicking back up there and checking on my progress. The good thing is the large screen allows for a comfortable keyboard, I rarely make typing mistakes like on smaller smartphones' on screen keyboards.None of the apps stood out as particularly good or bad so I'd say this phones horsepower is adequate for everything WP7 has right now, with the exception of Youtube and Netflix. To their credit their interfaces were easy to use, the video is just unpleasant to look at. But the OS interface always moves fluidly and games run great. Most of my complaints were really nitpicks and certainly don't detract from an overall great WP7 experience. It still earns a solid 4/5 because its so darn useful for pretty much everything. The fast hardware and large screen just add to the overall experience which I already like.The camera is acceptable considering its on a phone. The iPhone 4 takes better pics but I don't care about that. Phone cameras have never impressed me and probably never will, so my standards are low. For quick snaps at your next drunken party its OK, as would be dents in your car during daylight hours. All complaints are with the software and not the hardware. Most of those issues should be fixed with Mango anyway.Power/data plug is standard micro-USB and it charges quickly. I use a docking station which also charges a spare battery at the same time. On Windows 7 it quickly detected the device and downloaded the Zune software, synced up with no issues of any kind. Can also charge when plugged into the computer but not quite as fast as a dedicated charger or docking station.Phones are standard 3.5mm which is nice to see. Device has good quality audio out of the speakers and headphone plug but nothing stellar. Stereo movie experience wasn't all its cracked up to be, no bass and terrible mids are standard with tiny smartphone speakers. Plenty loud for a smartphone, only louder device I had was one of those Motorola tough phones and that was excessive.Anything else I could say at this point would be more about the OS than the device, since there's plenty of reviews on that all over the web I will let people read up on it and make their own decision about moving into Microsofts ecosystem. If you do decide to go this route, make a plan as to which carrier you like and if you want to wait until fall for the new OS and new line of phones. I only got this as a cheap temporary fix until Nokia has their phone out, early in 2012. As of right now AT&T; has the most WP7 devices and arguably some of the better ones, so you need to decide what works for you by combining your favorite OS, device, and carrier. I will add to this review if people think I missed any important details regarding hardware.

This smartphone is very easy to use, good quality and the updates give you every time more utilities. I recommend strongly this phone, soon is going to  be on sale a new advanced version. Great!!

This are in my expectation, excellent package, good product and service; I received  on time;  This are a used products

represented as good condition. Speaker screens at the top of the phone are pushed in and the buttons have been pushed in so much they hesitate to connect. Scrapes around the edges are annoying but do not hurt the function of the phone. THE BIGGEST PROBLEM IS THAT THE CAMERA DOES NOT WORK. Seller had great reviews and I will be negotiating a return of this product. Over all, I have had great experience with Amazon, just not this time.

I would not go into much details since others have highlighted features here. All I can see is this is an excellent phone. Voice Clarity is Crystal Clear. Games are wonderful. Email interface is awesome. App Support is growing. Reading RSS Feeds on this mammoth screen is a great experience.I have used Iphone and I find Windows Phone 7 to surpass it easily in terms of ease of use. Once you use this device, Iphone 4 seems ancient and clunky. Only thing missing is front-facing camera and Video Chat applications like skype. Apart from that it is mind-blowing.You can't go wrong with this device.

In the description of the item it said that it can be used with any GSM worldwide. I purchased the smartphone and it is locked.  So be careful when you purchase phone.

I wasn't able to receive picture messages when i got my phone and even after downloading the app, I still can't receive or send pictures to another phone.

Unable to download anything from market place from my phone. keep saying marketplace not in my region/country at this time.

I love love this phone its not too big not too small.! I love that it has microsoft office in it!

After my HTC HD7 made an unexpected trip to the hot tub, it lost its ability to do the wifis.Looking around for a replacement, I found this - I'm not sure quite what the difference is between an HTC HD7 T9292 (as this model is) and a regular HTC HD7, but I haven't found any significant difference yet. It works just as well on T-Mobile as the previous model, works with my Bluetooth headset (for everything except video, which is an odd exception), as well as my car's Sync system.The only bad part of the process is that there is no method to backup and restore your settings, saved games, data or applications. The Microsoft Office apps all save to some form of Cloud, so you get those back, but there isn't even an option to reinstall all your old apps - you have to reinstall them one by one (though I should note that you don't have to spend any money to re-purchase applications you have bought).

Before purchasing this phone, I held off pressure to purchase a black berry and held on to my broken HTC S70, until the new HTC HD7 with Windows Phone 7 was available. I've very excited and a litte frustrated, having recieved it.Pros:- The service from Amazon and ABE123 was fast!!- It's slick, has a nice substantive feel to it, very nice size screen and the OS (Windows Phone 7) is very response.- Finally one device integrating business tools and fun stuff, pictures, music, radio... etc...- Has a Phone Update feature, similar to Windows/Office, so we can expect fixes updates along the way...so that gives me hope!Cons:- The OS however I feel is INCOMPLETE as its touted to have Office Mobile, however has no Task module as did earlier phones with OS from Microsoft. Hopefully they'll resolve that.- The only other issue I found was that whenever it's left charging overnight, the green light stays on and the phone didn't turn on. I send feedback to HTC on this. This is not a show stopper for me, as I just now ensure its charged up whilst connected to my PC during the days or whilst driving around town.Overall GREAT device and FANTASTIC service from Amazon!!Looking forward to the updates from Microsoft and HTC.

Windows Phone 7 is undoubtedly the best software I've ever seen on a phone.  I owned an iPhone and know Android on the HTC Evo well.  Those are both good phones, but the quality of the HD7 and it's software eclipse them.  The integration with Windows Live and the cloud is astounding.  Xbox Live and Zune add multimedia and gaming to a whole new level for a phone.  The huge screen (and kickstand) is brilliant for accessing pictures, music and video on the cloud.  Everyone of my friends who see it are amazed at how good looking and fun it is to use - I think some of them may be switching soon.I recommend this as the best phone on the market.  Enjoy.

Surfing the web is easy. One said bluetooth is a joke but we never had any problem with ours, syncs seamlessly with our Chevys. Very responsive to the touch, better than the Iphone on that aspect and the screen is so clear and wide and it makes browsing thru our pics is so enjoyable. The pictures move fluidly over each other.It's main limitation is not bec its htc, I admit I enjoyed this phone better than the Iphone...it's weakness is bec its a windows phone with less apps available. But that isn't  our big concern. We got Ipads and Ipods to play apps.  We mainly use this or calls, texts, facebook and surfing the web.

pice of crap sence i bought screen broke while in pocket and new screen i replaced with broke like lightbulb nothing but headace sence i bought go with samsung only owned 3 months and nothing but problems take it from me and dont buy

This phone is a peice of crap didn't work in the country where I was cannot setup the Internet only could make calls its now in the depths of the Essequibo river

I love this phone so far. It looks slick - although I think the design is very simplistic. I like the large screen - but I would really like the size to be a little smaller. Though its pretty light.What I love about the phone is the UI. The UI is very well designed and task oriented. I have used multiple touch screen phones so far and most reviews actually ignore the basic part of the phone which is the "Calling" or Phone feature. Most phones I always have trouble with buttons when I am on the call - and have to respond to automated messages. Some phones are terrible - some are Ok but still requires a couple steps before you lauch the key pad every time you enter a response. This phone however, goes blank when talking but as soon as you take the phone off your ears, it brings up the keypad. Whick is simply brilliant. Took me exactly 5 steps to get all my firends/numbers and contacts from facebook, google windows live and outlook. The other cool feature is the linking of same contacts from different sources. You see them one, and can select the contact and perform different actions - call, send email to different addresses, text etc. The social network aspects are integrated very well - like photos are automatically displayed from all sources in one place - and you can see and add comments as well.The camera is decent with bright flash. The battery life is good - but I think could have been better. Browser is alright but no support for flash or silverlight.Overall I think its a great phone with not too much flashy features but one of the best from usability standpoint.
