
I have now owned this phone for about 8 months and am quite impressed overall. There are of course a few things I would like improved, but nothing that should deter most any from purchasing.Cons: (Bad news first ;-)No notification light; (If this bothers you - me it doesn't, because whenever I get a notification, my screen will turn on for 20 seconds anyway. :)No radio. (Who cares! That's what they invented the internet for...:)No SD Card slot. (I haven't found this necessarily a bad thing - and even with the 1200 pictures and videos I have on there, and 90 apps, I've only used half my internal memory :)Mic is poor quality when recording voice notes with Catch.com, however, I have not tested it's calling capabilities or quality as I have not bought a plan for it yet - I just use it on Wi-Fi - which works great btw. :)The speaker is pretty good, but I've heard better. Try the Samsung Galaxy S II :D--I haven't watched the tutorials on NFC technology, so I can't speak to how well it works or not.Pros:Android 2.3Good camera (Beats the droid X by far  However it is not quite as fast as the Droid X as it only has 256mb of RAM. I wish it were more...)Battery life is very good. I bought the extended battery from Seidio, and I can get a full 2 days of heavy internet use on one charge - One day on the stock battery.I also downloaded the GO Launcher and Keyboard, and that has made a world of difference in navigating around this powerhouse. This thing is fast and reliable - I've only had it lock up 4 times, twice where I had to remove the battery, but that was only after leaving it on for 230 hours...:-/ lolVery bright flash - makes a wonderful flashlight.And the list goes on...really, there's very few cons, and certainly not any that can't be lived with - especially when you root your phone. :DI recommend as accessories the Seidio Extended battery and door, (This does change the shape of the phone - but I've become used to it.)Also the Black rubber/silicone (not sure which) case...(for use with the OEM battery which I still use regularly)And the ZAGG Invisible Shield screen protector - amazing protector indeed. However, this does interfere with the antiglare screen...I chose to protect my screen though, instead of being able to use it on the beach. (I don't think the underwater camera on it works to well - no matter what the app says ;-P lolI love the curved screen though! It really does make a difference...I'll not be buying another phone without that.I've tested the camera time and time again, and post regular updates on projects. To see the quality of it check out my videos: (This one being the test-run: battery died after 3 heavy days of use - first charge.) [...]

I won't repeat what others have already commented on, but I will add three points that are particularly important for me:1) Wifi: I thought the wifi on this phone was great, until I got an iPhone. The iPhone easily has double the range. I prefer to use my Nexus S, but I have found myself slowly relying on the iPhone more and more due to this issue. When I'm carrying both phones, I'm often able to use Wifi on my iPhone when the Nexus S is not able to connect. It is still very good, but I guess when I found out that it could be even better, it kinda ruined it for me.2) Battery life: I have owned the phone for less than a year, but I'm already noticing a significant degradation in battery life. So while it is cool to have GPS and Wifi, I find that I have to turn them off to be able to get through the work day without charging the battery. The phone was better in the beginning. Not sure if the issue is with the battery, or the fact that I upgraded to Android 4.0, or maybe more battery is being used when Wifi signal is weak? Once again, my iPhone can sometimes go almost 2 days without charging, but the Nexus S has a hard time getting through one day.3) Software Updates: When I first bought the phone, I really wanted to upgrade to Android 4.0. However, I did not find a way to easily do it. I had to wait several weeks before I got the option to upgrade through the OS software update feature. I'm not sure why they don't let you just see all possible upgrades and choose what you want from the beginning?Overall this is a very good phone. But the iPhone 4S has several advantages, even though I prefer Android devices in general. Of course, this phone is significantly cheaper than an iPhone, so unless you get an iPhone as a gift or from your work, for most people this phone is good enough :)

Nice looking, fast phoneIf you use Google products such as Gmail and calendar, photos, etc . . . this is the phone for you. It automatically sets up your gmail, calendar and photos (if stored on Google's Picasa photos), it is in your apps listThe volume pitch is a bit high, for example, the music seems to have more treble than bass, okay thoughMusic is easy to set up, just use the USB cable and copy and paste a "Music" folder into the Nexus; the phone will automatically play it in your "Music" app; for videos I had to download a free app to play videos though, but it works effortlesslyHere is the only real gripe I have, but not a deal breaker:I use Gmail and four Microsoft Exchange mailboxes with three different domainsAll mail boxes were easy to set up except for one, using the app that came with the phone; I used the "Email" app for MS Exchange accountsFor one organization email address, the MS Exchange did not work with the phone but the other MS Exchange emails did really easyI think it has to do with the version of the MS Exchange, the version is 2007, so maybe this version does not work with Nexus S version 2.3.4 AndroidNot a deal breaker though, all other emails work

Had this phone about a year now. Still holding strong with no issues or problems. Plus it's very user friendly

Samsung Nexus S Unlocked Phone--U.S. Warranty (Black), era todo lo que se espera, si es modelo que se indica el i9020A y funciona muy bien ac&aacute; en Venezuela

The phone is actually nice and fast but:- Camera doesn't support zoom!- GPS needs uncommonly long (minutes) until ready(my very old out-dated HTC Magic was much faster)- Rattle noise in voice (difficult to understand)This fact was very disappointing by purchasing a high-end smart-phone.I'm sure they could have made it better!

I've been using this phone for over a year now and have been pretty happy with it.Likes:- Stock android.  Timely updates direct from google.  (Now running Android 4.0). No carrier crapware you can't uninstall or manufacturer "skins".- Big, bright screen.  Viewable outside.  Very high contrast.  Video and photos look good.- Camera.  Good performer if you can keep your lens cover clean.- Performance.  Very quick hardware.- Front camera.  You can video Skype on this thing.  I had to tell people I wasn't on a laptop.- TMobile portable hotspot.  For the tmobile model, you can create an instant WiFi hotspot.  Just saved me 60$ during my 4 day hotel stay.Dislikes:- Curved screen.  I'd rather have flat.  The screen is actually flat with the glass getting thinner in the middle to give the outside a curve.  Mine broke in the thinnest part after a 2 ft drop on the floor and had to be replaced without warranty help.- Battery life.  This is a gripe for all of today's smartphones.  I often don't make it through the day, but I usually do.  If I don't charge every night, it will die.  Other android phones (e.g.  my wifes Motorola Defy with smaller LCD screen) last longer than this one, but not by a whole lot.Overall I'm glad I bought a google nexus phone.  In the future I hope they focus more on battery life and durability.

I received a GT-I9020T, a T-Mobile SIM Card was included, but not used. I already had my own SIM Card, I kept the T-Mobile one, because you just never know.My service is Corr Wireless and this phone allows me to send and receive pictures straight from/to the phone without going to the Corr Wireless website. It's the first phone out of 6 I've owned that does that. Mind = Blown.The packaging was great. The actual box for the phone, with a picture of it and logos, etc. was in mint condition.Been a little behind in phones due to using them to strictly texting. But finally wanted something that made texting epic win from my RAZR, a full keyboard, etc. I loved the idea of Google sending the updates straight to the device rather than going through the carrier. ^5First Android device I've used. I've setup and worked with iPod Touches before, but I caught on fast. Very easy to use, I instinctively zoomed in on a web page then wondered how I knew that.Another thing that caught me by surprise was how it recognized my lesser known carrier so fast and was working with it from the start. I didn't initially realize that and after exporting my contacts from my SIM fumbled around trying to call my voice mail (I'm deaf) when a friend told me he received a text 30 minutes ago from me. He was busy and so his reply came late. It dawned on me then that it already detected and was working with my carrier from the very beginning.I sent the message right after I exported my contacts. Before I spent 20 minutes trying to guess what button did which for voice mail. I then called his phone and boom. Yep. I was a little embarrassed it was working perfectly and I expected some hiccups.Now it's hard to imagine my life without a smartphone, especially this one. GPS &lt;3 makes life a lot easier because it connects to a GPS satellite rather than through your carrier to the web. And displays a icon that moves with you as you drive along on streets, etc. I love it. I'm still discovering more and more about the phone as I go along, tweaking it more and more specifically for me.The AMOLED screen is beautiful. And the flash on the back of the camera is wow. Bright. In a good way because it really makes the picture your taking seem clearer and less darker when taking something in a low lit area. In a way it reminds me of the flash in a professional photo studio.The Android 2.3 OS seem pretty fast, sleak, and nice. It's my first smart phone though, but one reason I delayed getting one was because I knew they were not as powerful as say a netbook. I'm a electronics tech, so I'd rather do things quicker on a laptop/netbook than I could on a phone. But this phone actually surprised me in terms of speed and functionality.Only Con so far has been... the amount of memory made available for Apps. You get roughly 16gb as general storage (like a internal SD card) for music, photos, etc. But Apps get about 1GB. Not counting the content you get (say Kindle Books) in the App (I believe that's stored in the 16gb area). You might be able to add some of this storage GB to the App 1GB storage, I haven't looked into it. I haven't used up either memory yet either in any case.tl;dr version. GPS = win and oh, yeah. I love it. I'm pretty thrilled with it.

I love love love this phone but now I'm up for a a up grade so so so I will get a new phone

This sucks badly!It's not possible to upgrade the software on the phone since it's a development build! I have asked them (Addicted to phones) through the contact page on Amazon.com but no reply. I have asked Google themselves on the support E-mail but no reply.Basically, I have a brick. Not that it's useless, but I can't upgrade it (and that's why I bought it).Thumbs DOWN BIG TIME!!!

I've had the phone now for two weeks and I'm loving this device. I switched from an iPhone and I'm not going back to one again. This phone has plenty of positive reviews and I don't have much to add them.There were a few things that I noticed after switching from the iPhone, viz1. The 3G radio on the iPhone (3GS) was pretty bad. I always had the phone on Edge mode because with 3G turned on I would have no signal reception inside the house. No such issues on Nexus S, I have been using 3G and signal reception inside the house is much much better. AT&T; was not 'entirely' to be blamed after all.2. When driving while on a call using the iPhone, there were specific places where the call would plainly drop. With the Nexus S I noticed that at the same places the call does not drop anymore. The signal strength becomes poor and the call quality deteriorates (voice breaks) but the call does not drop anymore3. The speaker really functions as a speaker (unlike the speaker on the iPhone) - loud. Even the earpiece is pretty loud at full volume. Call quality is excellent.

I wanted the pure google android experience, but I end up regretting it. This phone is pretty poorly developed. So many things just don't work in an easy streamlined way.Examples1) How does one update this phone easily? Mine doesn't have the latest version (its stuck on android 2.3.4) but when I go to "update phone" it says "up to date" which is not true. On top of that, the Samsung phone software for doing these things, "kies", does not recognize the phone. edit - I called Google and they told me to call Samsung. I called Samsung and they told me to call AT&T.; I called AT&T; and they told me to call Samsung. I called Samsung back again and they told me I would have to physically take it in to one of their stores, that there was no way to update the phone without doing that. They do not have a program or method for you to update this phone yourself.2) The tethering on this phone doesn't work. When you turn on tethering, it disables the 3G so the phone loses its internet connection. What is up with that?There are other examples, but you get the idea. Bottom line, this phone is pretty crappy due to its lack of support.

Important to know before buying this &#34;Samsung Nexus&#34;&#8226; The kit comes without box&#8226; The kit comes without manuals or cd of facilities&#8226; The machine has multiple scratches on the back (said it was almost new)&#8226; Just bring USB cable and car charger (used too).&#8226; Do not bring headphones as it comes in the picture.&#8226; This phone is not a Samsung Nexus S, but is a Samsung SGH-T679 ('s a fraud)&#8226; The cell phone is not the same as in the photo but that is another older model.What a shame that this company uses misleading advertising to sell a product saying it is another, really I do not keep much desire to buy again to this supplier.It was big disappointment for me to see another different cell without photo box.Think hard before you fall into this scam like I did and know that this is not a nexus but a SGH-T679 that you will be buying for the price of one hundred and fifty dollars.

Hello,I just wanted to say its a damn perfect phone you can get at this price, I am lovin it. Its the i9020T which I received and is super AMOLED

real mess with amazon and this phone,i bougth the i9020A and i got the i9020T,and when i tryed t return it,amazon technical support told me this: I'm sorry to hear about the problem with your order.I checked the order and we got and update from our technical team both the "A" and "T" are the same device.Don't worry, the letter "A" or "T" actually applies if the customer uses the Unlocked device on T-Mobile or another carrier.if you wants to get a specific model dont try here

The best phone especially for this price!It has a few important options:- powerful phone- large memory- low price- there are no any apps from the carrier- it is upgradable to ICS (manually yet)

I am enjoying the use of my new phone very much. Though it will take me some time to learn all it can do as I am not as electronic smart as the younger generation:) And I am certain it will remain my phone for a long time to come.

I did not buy a data plan because the prices are so crazy. (A data plan will cost you at least $1100.00 over 2 years.) I have wifi most of the time and so I use that.I am a T-Mobile pay-as-you go customer and I simply removed my SIM card from my old phone and inserted it into the Nexus and I was good to go.  If I need cellular internet access I can buy a T-Mobile DayPass for $1.49The device itself is slick, pretty ergonomic and lasts all day on wifi. Using Skype or Google talk video will drain the battery pretty fast as can be expected. You do need to get used to the location of the power button so that one stops bumping it and switching off by accident.No regrets at all.

I got my phone around january from Bestbuy. I had samsung galaxy S and was quite excited to change to nexus s...I thought the phone would be a great upgrade for me.The first day when i got the phone. I left it charged and never teared off the screen protecting plastic...when I took it off the next day...i found there's glue at the edge from inside teh screen here and there....it's only noticable when you look under the room light from certain angle. I tried to clean it off, but as I said, it was from inside...there was nothing i could do...I had to return it to bestbuy...I decided to root my galaxy S instead and installed the new rom available at xda....It was AWESOME...the galaxy s is same speed or even i feel it's faster than nexus s now....also...best of all, galaxy s is so much lighter than nexus s...which i like a lot...pricewise...u can get galaxy s for 300...and you get same functioning after u root the phone...

Be careful when you buy this phone, it's very bad customer service with Samsung, I wish if get apple phone better than this phone.

I was seriously disappointed to find out that this phone does not have an SD card slot.  If I wanted to be playing the lock in game with storage capacity, I'd just buy an iPhone...

It was a major disappointment, refused to grab signal when coming out from the subway. If in airplane mood and turned off it wont connect back to the network. on top that its slower than my Evo g4 in performance and network speed. For this price I expected a truly amazing phone but the only thing amazing is the screen. SMH at Samsung.

Just like other users have been saying the I9023 was being shipped by Nimco Electronics when it was advertising the I9020. I spoke with Amazon Customer service and they will take the I9023 units back and give a refund. You can then order the correct I9020 that is being sold directly through Amazon. This is not Amazon's fault. Nimco falsely advertised that it was the I9020 model when they actually sent the I9023. You know you have the I9023 model because it comes with a European Plug and an American adapter as well as there is no documentation (probably because its in a different language). The I9023 does NOT support ATT 3G. Anyway, if this happend to you just contact Amazon customer service and they will take care of it.

There are many sites which display the model number as i9020 and ship i9023 instead.i9023 is a cheaper model(almost 100$ less) without the Super AMOLED screen which is the best feature of this phone according to me as the processor speed,RAM capacity are not as good as some of the latest dual core phones and this phone has a below average battery which lasts for only one day.I was expecting Amazon to be truthful to the customers and mention the display type in the product description.As the other clever websites,they also chose to misguide the customers by not including that part of the spec in the item description.Try calling the customer care and confirming about this item,you will receive only vague answers.

You can buy this on Best Buy for $529 and on ebay for around the same amount cheaper, do you really think that you can get this cell phone for over $700.  Must be living in some sort of dreamland.

Estoy sumamente complacido con la compra, el celular es excelente, llego en su caja original y sellado, adem&aacute;s, funciona de maravilla en mi pa&iacute;s y la entrega se realizo seg&uacute;n lo acordado... Recomiendo comprar directamente a Amazon.com 100% confiable.

We receive it on time, thanks a lot, our tasks will go great now.I got other Nexus but not from Amazon directly and the experience was not good, an equipment arrived without battery, too bad. However the supplier offered us to refund partially the money we paid.Guillermo - Bogota, Colombia

I loved this phone for all of two months, then it started freezing. Constantly. T-Mobile couldn't do anything about it, though they've been kind enough to reduce my phone bill the past couple months. I've sent it to Samsung twice already to be "fixed" and return it just as dysfunctional as before. And the jerks at Google refuse to even acknowledge there's a problem. I wish I bought an iPhone.

Having been an Android user and fan for a couple of years, when my old faithful started to lug down I began shopping. As a computer tech, I'm used to removing whatever OS comes with a new computer and laying down a pure, unadulterated version, so I was attracted to Nexus for its clean Android install.  Before I bought the Nexus I tried out the HTC Sensation, but found I didn't like the tweaks applied to the OS.  The physical build and the OS of the Nexus are perfect.  As soon as I installed my SIM, booted and entered my gmail account info, I found an update to the system awaiting me - to Gingerbread version 2.3.4. Download, install and reboot were lightning fast.Because it's an unlocked phone and because of the clean Android, there aren't resource-hogging apps you can't remove.  The S-AMOLED screen is a noticeable upgrade to my previous AMOLED and I can comfortably reduce brightness without compromising clarity and readability - AKA, good for battery life.Some physical Likes:* The power button is on the upper right side of the phone, which I find to be the better choice ergonomically over power at the top of the case (iPhone and HTC).* The very slight curve to the phone means when you hold it up to your ear, it doesn't touch your face.  I mostly use earbuds (I don't like Samsung's - it's the only thing I've found so far I don't like), phone speaker or in-car Bluetooth, but not having face marks on the screen is a biggie.* 5 MP camera takes excellent photos.  Have sampled low-light using the flash and with flash off.  Great shots either way; as to be expected, focus is sharper when flash is used.* Phone itself feels substantial.  Comments about plastic vs. metal and glass are accurate about materials used, but the overall effect and impression is not "cheap".Some Performance Likes:* Fast!  It's not 4G, but on HSDPA I'm consistently getting download speeds of 6 - 7 Mbps and HSUPA uploads of 2 - 2.5 Mbps. Combined with the pleasantly fast processor, I can tether my laptop at speeds better than most Wi-Fi spots.  And the feed is Free!  Love that!* Battery life is pretty good.  Sampling: with phone up for 20 hours giving weather reports, streaming Pandora via Bluetooth to car stereo for an hour along with two 50-minute Bluetooth conversations, battery was still at 17% when I recharged.* Sound quality is very good, both for calls and for music/general audio. Ringer levels max out to LOUD (the trial of the HTC Sensation demonstrated a too-low max sound output).  Voice calls are very clear, both input and output.  Recent trial with a caller using OOMA (with some interference on their end) generated a positive review and cell-to-cell and cell-to-landline both are excellent.Dislikes:* funky earbuds - great sound, but won't stay in my ears* back of case is hard to openOverall, VERY highly recommend.  Ordered from Yellow Deals.  They were late in shipping, but shipped immediately after I contacted them via email.  Delivery was an additional day late, but the product arrived in good shape and as promised.

Pros -> Great camera, great camera with flash, ultra light, sleek, stylish, excellent brightness and display, good music player when headphones plugged in, decent battery life, made directly by Google (comes without bloatware) , ships with great headphones, inbuilt memory of 16GB, no additional storage allowed, good for a starter android phone, excellent displayCons -> No Led Notification light (big flaw) , the onscreen keyboard is atrocious and the phone ships with no Skype, the loud speaker when playing music sounds tinny and low, browsing is cumbersome, scrolling through facebook images sometimes impossible, very mediocre browser, confusing music app arrangementOverall - Feels outdated too soon. I wouldn't buy it, I'd spend more money and get a better phone. Easily the best camera I've used on any phone and the gallery is spectacular while call quality is good too. But with mediocre browsing, this defeats the purpose of Android, it is virtually impossible to get used to the on screen keyboard.

I had hesitated which cell phone, Nexus S or iPhone 4.before I bought if. It's the many App. That make the cell phone become stronger and it seem that a smart phone could do ererything what you want and what you didn't know. Google and Apple have given these.Why I bought Nexus S? Its price is the important reason based on the hardware and APP., though I know there are some tiny detects and shortages at hardware and APP. But it's well known that there is never anything is perfect.The main detect is the WiFi. At the same point, a product of Apple can find and connect the WiFi, but my Nexus S can not! I;m very disappointment!It seems that there isn't any customer service after-sale, comparing with Apple.

Arrived one day late, but that was alright. The product is fantastic even though its almost 2 years old now. Stock android rocks, better than any other skins that come on HTC's and the Samsung's or Motorola's. Eagerly waiting for the official ICS release for this one.

it's an older model but that's what you can get for relatively cheap with no contract. freezes at times, but like I said, it's an older phone so be nice. it does everything you want a smartphone to do with few drawbacks. use google search to update if you buy this phone, neither samsung or your carrier will help you!

I've used the phone for nearly 1 month now and I'm totally in love with it! The resolution of the screen is great, the camera is great and the interface is very friendly. It is amazing how easily the screens can be personalized to fit best your needs allowing to build menus and folders very easy.Lots of applications are out there to really get the most of the phone and given that it is multitasking you don't need to go thru the pain of closing and open when switching.The big low I've found so far is battery life which is not that great, so you better carry your charger at all times..

I've had this phone for 1 month now.  I couldn't be any happier.  I switched from an HTC Hero.  In our household, the other 2 phones are an Iphone 3GS and an Iphone4.  I've used all of them and am happy with my choice.  There really isn't any comparison between the Iphone and the Nexus S.  They are completely different animals, it would be like comparing apples and oranges.  Though, any lesser android device is inferior.  If you decide on an android device compared to an Iphone, get the best.

(Please Note: Original Review April 19, 2012)Only been using this unit for 24 hours. It's replaced a wonderful barely-two-years-old Google Nexus One that went bad (random infinite reboot loop and heating up) that HTC couldn't remedy without an expensive out-of-warranty repair.There's a lot to like about this Samsung Nexus S:Wonderfully bright and sensitive display.No artificial GUI mandated by the carrier (AT&T; Wireless).Seems much faster than the Nexus One it's replaced.Works well as a voice phone.Fast on a wifi connection.Works well as a web browser.Zero app hiccups so far.The optional Samsung charging stand seems like it's going to be a winner.What's less-than-anticipated:It's very very (have I said "very" enough?) slippery in my hand right out of the box compared to the Nexus One.The four (dimly lit) soft function buttons (go-back, menu, search, and home) on the bottom edge of the display become invisible in bright light, even with brightness turned up to max.It's running a few sub-versions behind the Nexus One's Android (it's running Gingerbread 2.3.4 vs the Nexus One 2.3.6), which is disappointing. Looks like ICS isn't going to happen for this phone even though it's already been rolled out to other flavors of this model.Overall, I'm very pleased so far. I haven't had a chance to experience how long the battery lasts. I'll update this review after a few days.Update 04/23/2012:Still loving this phone. Battery life seems okay, but to be fair I need to disclose I put it in the charging stand when I'm not carrying it around. (Charging stand has a minor annoyance because it requires two hands to insert and remove the phone from the stand). Zero unplanned reboots. Most excellent.Update 05/09/2012:Took this phone on a trip, and discovered battery life away from the charging stand is pretty miserable. Admittedly, I probably have too many apps that "prevent phone from sleeping", but five or six hours away from a wall or auto/USB charger before "connect to a charger" appears seems unacceptable. I've changed to my new/fresh backup battery to see if perhaps the original battery is defective. Will update again later.Update 02/07/2013:Still using this phone daily, and like it a lot for what it is. Battery holds for most of an 8-hour day, which doesn't seem unusual with most of today's smartphones. A major disappointment, though, is it remains stuck on its original Android 2.3.4 OS, and Google/Samsung have shown little interest in updating to Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) or Jelly Bean with a standard over the air (OTA) update. (There are technical users who have manually updated the OS to Jelly Bean, but there are pitfalls doing that.) It's all very disappointing for a Google branded unlocked flagship phone. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised, since Google promptly walked away from its first Nexus One phone by HTC, and now this Nexus S by Samsung. Gives me a reason to stay away from the brand-new Nexus 4 by LG. These phones are flagship Google phones the day of purchase, but it seems you shouldn't believe the myth: These are Google flagship phones, and they'll always get the best/latest Android OS updates first before any of the carriers' versions get updated. History doesn't seem to prove that myth.Confirmed today with both Samsung tech support and AT&T; Wireless tech support that there will be zero updates to the originally installed Gingerbread 2.3.4 Android OS that comes with this phone if you're subscribed to AT&T; Wireless. It might be different if you're subscribed to T-Mobile, but I have no way to know that.Also remember if you need in-warranty service on the hardware, Samsung won't honor the warranty even though this phone comes with a U.S. Warranty and was permitted to be registered on Samsung's customer web site. Buyer beware.If you're happy with the phone's capabilities with Gingerbread, and don't care about updating to a more-current version of Gingerbread, or to ICS or Jelly Bean, then this should be a terrific phone for you.

Phone can only be used in the USA not international which it sates by claiming it is unlocked. This is unexceptibale.

I have an iPhone 4and HTC Sensation and I like the Nexus S better. I ordered my directly from Amazon. (There is only a 90 warranty on this US version) I received the I9020A Version as described. I'm a Apple and Android fan boy (iPhone 4 & Nexus S). These 2 phones are so good I have to keep them both.If you don't want to worry about anything the iPhone 4 (purchased running iso5) is the way to go. Great screen, great phone. It's solid and a beauty even though the screen seems small this late in the game. It comes with everything you would want and the iTunes store is great.I like my HTC Sensation. Sense 3.0 and the 4.3" screen are nice. Fast phone, nice build nothing special.Just received my Nexus S and for this design being  one year old it's sweet!. Love the pure Android Ginger Bread. Yes it's plastic but the build is great and for me it's the best feeling phone in my hand.Looking forward to having this phone for a long time. I'll also keep my iPhone 4 but say good bye to the HTC.EDIT: ONLY a 90 warranty...I did order the US version from Amazon but you cannot register the phone phone with Samsung USA. And it comes with a card stating that for any warranty work you need to contact Support@PDAGIANT.com ???  I don't like that. And googling PDA Giant, LLC shows that the BBB gives them an F rating on a scale of A+ to F.

(I would expect someone investigating purchasing a cell phone would do some price comparison, $700 for this phone is a bit steep.)The Nexus S is an interesting phone. It is the sequel to Google and HTC's Nexus One (incorrectly regarded as a flop) and like the iPhone 4 it sets the bar for the current generation of smart phones.I bought this phone on its release day, so I am very familiar with what it can do. I came from using aNokia N900 Unlocked Phone/Mobile Computer with 3.5-Inch Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Maemo Browser, 32 GB--U.S. Version with Full Warrantywhich was another great unlocked phone. But this year alone has seen a lot of improvements in what phones can do.The Nexus S, made by Samsung, is a gorgeous gadget.  It is a little underwhelming in person, glossy all-black, but its a sleak package and it has some definite power under the hood.  The 1GHz Hummingbird processor absolutely blows through apps, I have not experienced anything I would consider lag.  I've encountered latency and bad apps, but those are not the phone's fault. The Gingerbread version of Android is a real stunner.  I still read about issues with 2.2 (Froyo) and just have to shrug because this phone does very well with every app i've installed.The camera(s) and other features function very well.  The optics of this camera are not all that impressive, but the software behind the camera works very well and even resource hungry apps like Photoshop Express function very nicely on the Nexus S. As for displaying those pictures, this is one of the most beautiful displays on any phone. The "contour" glass is curved just enough to be comfortable when held up to your ear, and it separates it from all the "slabs". The glass coating is wonderful to touch and fingerprints wipe off without a lot of smearing.One of the big gripes I've heard since this phone was announced was that it lacked an SD card.  I was nervous stepping down to a 16GB phone after having 32GB plus an SD card slot on the n900, but now I do not miss it. The streaming apps (youtube, last.fm) do a great job of keeping me entertained and I've gotten quite good at plugging in to my computer every so often to move media onto and off of the device.  An interesting thing to note: The 16GB is partitioned similar to a phone with SD card, So you have about 2GB of "root" space- where the apps and actual Android OS stay, and then the 14GB "SD" partition that will be unmounted when you connect your phone to a computer (if that didn't make sense to you, don't worry). You can move apps onto the "SD" partition. In short, I have not missed having a huge hard drive on this thing.The other gripe is "No 4G" and this one is more of a "religious debate".  We are only seeing the tip of 4G.  Every carrier claims to have 4G service, but that's a debatable statement. Its pretty clear that carriers didn't even roll out 3G as much as they could have, so really we're waiting for proper high speed connection of any sort in most areas of the country.  If you are one of the fortunate few who lives in 4G land, and you KNOW that you need extreme speeds NOW (and you won't travel anywhere, because then you're back to 3G or EDGE pretty quick) then this is not the phone for you. For the majority of people, 3G speeds are quite adequate for the majority of applications (both software and usage) that people will use, the phone is also 802.11 b/g/n compatible, so using wifi will improve your experience over many 4G connections.  Consider also that you get tethering for free with this phone (a very nice feature that makes any Wifi device far more mobile so long as you have your Nexus S with you).Now on to the Nexus S's unlocked status. Is it expensive to buy a phone without a contract? of course, you are only paying for the phone once.  If you do the math  it is cheaper in the long run (and you have more freedom) if you buy your phone and choose your carrier. Also take into consideration that Google will send the Nexus S Android updates before any other phone on any carrier gets them in the US.  This shortcuts all the "fractured" issues with different manufacturers and carriers limiting your access to the latest Android software. This phone's usability will be extended because of it. There is no carrier in the way who will want you to upgrade to get the next batch of features for Android, instead you're plugged directly (or more directly) to the source.  That is a big advantage.UPDATE: Having now used this phone daily for a few months, I am still very pleased.  The main comment complement I get when people notice the screen and just how good videos look on it (even rather low quality youtube videos).  Having Gingerbread on here is a real treat (ha ha). Its a shame I can't recommend certain apps (like Google's Navigation or certain widget functionality) since its running a version of Android that isn't available to my other 'Droid brethren and I feel like a snob explaining how this is practically the only phone with the latest OS.About the only thing I miss on this phone is an LED to indicate incoming messages when the screen is off. And I have noticed a weird quirk where the phone will randomly reboot itself. This is a known glitch that should be resolved with the next update to Gingerbread (2.3.3).

There is i9020 on photos above. But you will receive only i9023 which doesn't contains Super AMOLED display - the coolest feature of this phone from Google :-(

This is a great phone. The best feature is that it should always get the latest version of Android quickly. For most phones, it takes forever to get Android updates from the manufacturer if you get an update at all, but the Nexus series of phones gets updated directly from Google relatively quickly. Look on the forums and you can see how frustrated people can get waiting for an Android update. I really like the vanilla (stock) Android better than the overlays the manufacturers usually add to Android. I had an HTC Desire with the HTC Sense Android overlay before this phone. HTC Sense is probably the best overlay, but vanilla Android is still much better. The other issue with non-vanilla Android is that some apps don't seem to work properly all the time. With vanilla android, if the app doesn't work, you know the problem is with the app, not the phone.Other top-end phones have faster dual-core processors, bigger screens, and cameras with more megapixels. I expect faster processors decrease battery life, which is a big issue, and this phone seems very fast as it is. The Nexus S screen seems plenty big, and the phones with larger screens don't have any higher screen resolution. The screen on the Nexus S is absolutely beautiful. It's so bright you can see it outdoors in direct sunlight. The AMOLED screen saves battery life when it's not so bright, especially if you have dark colored wallpaper. The camera is very good quality, especially in low light situations. I never have to use the flash. I suppose more megapixels wouldn't hurt, but without better lenses and bigger sensors, none of the smartphone cameras are going to be great. In short, no other smartphone offers features that are really better in the real world.The battery life is much better than my previous phone. All Android phones have relatively poor battery life because they are basically very small computers with many radios (3G, WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth). My battery has always lasted at least a full day even with heavy use. Of course, if you use the navigation feature without plugging it in, the battery will run down in a couple of hours.One complaint some people have about the Nexus S is the lack of an SD card slot, meaning the storage is not expandable beyond the built-in 16GB. If you use Picasa to store your photos and Google Music to store your music, this is not a problem. With these services, your photos and music are stored primarily in the cloud instead of on the phone. With Google Music, you can choose which songs to cache (that is, keep on the phone). 16 GB is plenty to keep enough songs cached to listen to when you don't have a WiFi connection. I can't imagine what you would want to store on the phone other than photos and music that would not fit in 16GB.For me, the Nexus S is the perfect balance of features, making it the best smartphone available today. I won't be tempted to get any other phone unless they come out with a vanilla Android phone with a higher resolution screen (more pixels on the screen), a better quality camera lens, and a bigger camera sensor. No phone offers these features today. The next Nexus phone might, I'll have to wait and see.

I have a Nexus One and I learned that Google would not upgrade it to Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS).  I ordered this Nexus S to replace my Nexus One.  It came with Gingerbread and once it was set up it upgraded to the latest Gingerbread and then upgraded to ICS on the same day.  The software is aware of the hard buttons and uses them instead of the ICS soft buttons.  I use the T-Mobile pay as you go plan and no data plan.  It is really a good  deal for someone who wants to carry a great smart phone but not pay the carrier high connection prices.

Excellent device! Support Jelly Bean and has an awesome screen resolution. It's not too big and its speed is great!

Samsung GT - i9020 Google Nexus S - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty (Black)Excelente servicio el telefono se conpro usado y esta como nuevo excelente precio, entrega puntual, y excelente producto

The phone worked just fine;  however, when my tmobile prepaid card expired and I then tried to get another carrier I found that the phone was locked.  Apparently it was originally an ATT phone that was unlocked and sold as an unlocked phone.According to ATT this phone is listed by them as a phone which is unlockable.  I'm guessing the seller was able tosomehow unlock it, probably knowing it would give problems later on.UPDATE:  Please disregard the above comments.  It turns out the phone is unlocked and my problem was with the sim card not the phone. I changed my rating to 3 stars.

Upon receiving the item, I noticed the Samsung seal on the box was covered up by a plain, white sticker.  I opened anyway only to find the phone at the top with the plastic sheeting for protecting the finish of the phone looking like it had been removed in the past.  After removing the phone, I found the instruction manuals... in Russian/Czech/Polish.  I'm no linguist so I'm not sure which language it was.  Clearly, this was some sort of scam and I had no intentions of keeping this phone.Amazon was quick with the return authorization and the unit will be back on its way to them Monday!

Its a good phone and everything worked as expected on ATT network. Wireless network has good speed, nice screen and good apps. I did buy the screen n case for the phone seperately to protect it

PhonePros:-easy to root.-screen looks nice and contours to your face.-Android OS and Apps run fast and browsing sees little slow down.-3G seems adequate for data and phone reception is nice and clear.-NFC capable and WIFI works nicely.-receives Android OS updates quicker than other phones (in most cases).-easy to develop Apps for Android using this phone.Cons:-no indicator LED so you'll have to unlock the phone to know if you received any messages or missed any calls.-camera's have no zoom ability for pictures or video capture (at least from the default camera option).-no 4G ability although this seems negligible considering 3G speeds seem just as good.Android OSPros:-open source and market is completely open for any and all Apps.-fast, reliable and highly customizable.Cons:-after installing or uninstalling several apps, the desktop has difficulties switching from left to right. This is obviously a problem with the Android OS more than the phone but I thought I'd mention it.-still not as many Apps as the iPhone market but this is bound to change as Android's market share increases.PeripheralsThere aren't a lot in the way of choices for cases and clip cases but the ones that are available are fairly nice looking and highly functional.I hope I didn't miss any big points but I hope this review helps those considering this phone. For me, I did my research and I knew many of these things I wrote about here before purchasing. For the money, this is an excellent Android phone especially for those who want to root there phone and take advantage of every possible customization available. Happy shopping!

This is a great phone all around. I pretty much agree with the higher rated reviews so no need to reiterate it.BUT! HUGE NOTE! I wanted to add this review to inform those of the model differences. The phones are the exact same minus the wireless bands inside. Even though Amazon lists this as the i9020T... they actually sent me an i9020A. I had to return it. Amazon sold it to me, not a third party seller so if Amazon does have it back in stock, be aware. The A version supports wireless 3G bands for AT&T.; The T version supports wireless 3G bands for T-Mobile. Now regardless of whichever version you get, you'll be able to get internet speeds at 2G/EDGE. But if you're on T-Mobile and get the A version, you won't be able to get 3G on their network. And vice versa for AT&T.; Just wanted to make you all aware.

Just got my Nexus S i9020T. It came with Gingerbread but, I was able to login to Google account with existing T-Mobile number and WiFi, to update to Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.3 as basically the first activity on the phone.It is the first day not seeing any issues. Love ICS! Had Gingerbread on a Nexus One before updating phones.

Let me talk first about Android phones in general. The Nexus S is the only workable Android phone on the market. Why I say this is that Android phones are battery eating gimmicks that are pretty much completely useless for anything except impressing geeky first dates for 15 minutes max before the hors-d-oeuvres arrive. Unlike the venerable Blackberry, the Android has no proper message integration. You also have to run from charger to charger and some won't power on if the battery is flat until it has recharged sufficiently.Some will silently use up all their internal phone memory and then drop SMS messages or stop working altogether. No, this is the not the user's fault: they ship in a non-working state. Some ship with so much useless bloatware that you spent your first ten hours un-installing and dis-abling all the garbage apps you are never going to use. Androids also don't generally come with a proper keyboard which is indespensible for typing long emails.So basically you don't want an Android.HOWEVER if you have especially decided that you DO want an Android for some wierd reason, (I wanted an app to tell me the altitude of the Ski lift I was at. Plus I wanted Skype and a proper Web browser.) then, you need to get a Nexus S.There is basically no other Android phone that isn't going to waiste more of your time managing it than you spend actually using it. Why? Because this Android phone is produced by the people that made the Android OS (it would seem). They have fine tuned to to more-or-less actually work.This basically means that it has a reasonable (not fantastic - don't even think about using that word) battery life. It also has an acceptably responsive interface.Now don't go telling me that it is a wonderful phone "compared to other Androids". This doesn't mean anything.It is an "acceptable" phone in a sea of lies and deceit.

Nice phone. Really unlocked (i have use with carriers in several countries). Wifi receiver is not so good (cannot get signal while other devices does) but in general is a reasonable good phone. Battery life is good and quality in general is ok (obviously you cannot compare with an apple). I recommend this phone.

We are a software development shop that to date has ordered 20 or so Nexus S from Amazon. These phones arrived with the boxes in horrible condition, dirty, and covered in scratches. While obnoxious and irregular, the packaging could have been forgiven if the phones were in good shape. However when opening up the boxes of the devices ( each of which had been sealed differently, (one of which with no seal intact)) we found the phones to be delivered in plastic baggies, obviously showing that  these devices were refurbished and not new. The devices were sold as new, and priced as new, so the product should arrived unopened with devices in the original condition. With Samsung Nexus S that means a thin sticker over the screen and rear of the device for protection. These devices did not have these covers and were instead placed in small, unsealed cellophane baggies.  Beware of practices such as these.Will not buy from this company again.

I have been using a iPhone 4 for past year and iPhone 3G since 2008. I got tired of looking at icons and icons of apps and no homescreen. So thought I will give it a try with a android phone.I have always heard been bad things about android phone battery life, and they were true in many cases which kept me away from any android phones.Recently at the current job I had to use android phone and this is the phone I purchased. I got it from the local store and it was unlocked when I purchased it.This is really nice phone and I like it better than iPhone 4.Reasons why I like it.1. Customization.2. Better or at par with iPhone 4's battery life.3. Lot of applications.4. Nice to hold and feels solid.5. Homescreen6. As a developer, I don't have to pay a dime to anyone to write and install my own software (before I publish it)7. Finger print proof.8. Sleek design.9. Lighter than iPhone 4

This is a great phone. It has an amazing OS, and a great design.This is an amazing phone. It does work with At&t; 3g if you are wondering, but I don't know about T-mobile.Pros:Screen- This phone comes with a four inch super amoled screen, which looks great. The colors are crisp, and blacks look like blacks. Blues look like blues, and reds look like reds. Colors look like they are supposed to be.OS- I love android, and think that it is better than Ios, Windows mobile, and blackberry. The app market has tons of apps, so don't be fooled by people who say that the Iphone has more apps, because it has all of the apps that you need. It is clean and smooth. Right now it comes with android gingerbread 2.3.3, but you get an update to 2.3.6, and the Nexus s has been confirmed to get the ICS update, and won't be long from now.Battery life- I charge my phone every night, but after using it for about 4 hours a day, using internet, texting, calling, and app usage, with auto brightness, I usually end up with about 60-70 percent of my battery left at night.Data Speeds- About 30 minutes out of New York, I get speeds of about 1 Mbps down, and .1 Mbps up which is fine for 3g.Cons:The only cons that I found was that this phone doesn't have 4g or a dual core processor. I'm 12 years old, so I don't need any of that stuff.Overall, I would definatly recommend this phone to anyone, especially since it will be getting the ICS update.

Great phone! Absolutely recommended! Ordered on August 3rd, arrived on 5th exactly as advertised (model 9020T with AMOLED). It was sold by BLUTEK and the order was fulfilled by Amazon.

First things first - make sure that you are purchasing from Amazon.com, LLC. The phone was listed as a Samsung GT-I9020T (made in Korea) and that is exactly what I received.With built-in SIP, NFC, video conferencing and no contract lock-in, this phone spanks any other phone currently on the market. The phone lives up to all the hype and, in fact, delivers a bit more than the marketing promises.Five stars for one of the most advanced phones on the market and five stars for Amazon.com -- for a price so low I could afford to have it shipped overnight.

I'm surprised to see so many bad reviews. this phone is great, purchased it brand new directly from amazon and very impressed.PLEASE NOTE: unlocked phones still have different modelsI9020T - T-mobile, any GSM network, 3G might not work (AT&T; customers will have "edge" only data connection)I9020A - AT&T;, any GSM network, 3G might not work (T-mobile customers buy I9020T, otherwise "edge" only for data)people on Verizon, Sprint etc. - you have your own models, please check with your carrier before buying any unlocked devices.ATTENTION: Amazon sells I9020T (08/08/2011), and as AT&T; customer, I have to return it, because no 3G. some reviewers mentioned that Amazon sells right model for AT&T; - so, you know now, it's not the case (at least it wasn't for me).

I have previous used iPhone4 and recently acquired a Nexus S.I love it mainly because of the features that are not available,and perhaps, never will on iPhone4.Just to mention a few as follows:1. You can order extra batteries and easy to replace the original onewhile iPhone 4 has built in one battery.2. The phone also support external SD card support, which makes easytransfer files and applications with your PC/Mac.3. There are app that allows you to directly download mp3 and play them.Although Android system does not appear that attractive asthe iOS on iPhone4. It is quite powerful !Nexus S is not for everyone but for advanced users.

One of the big selling points of the iPhone versus Android phones has been that Apple has control over on-board software, and not the carriers. Google left firmware updates for Android in the hands of carriers and manufacturers, causing all sorts of problems with platform fragmentation. The Nexus S (and before it, the Nexus One) are an answer to that problem. The phone gets updates straight from Google and Samsung, and will get updates before any other phone. This means that you can buy it with confidence, knowing that when Android 2.4 or 4.0 rolls off the assembly line in the future, the Nexus S will have it, and you won't be stuck with some other phone, wondering when (if ever) you will get that update that is necessary for all those fun new features, and to run those exciting new apps (preventing the pain many owners of phones running 1.6 are experiencing).The hardware is alright. I find the curved screen is uncomfortable to hold against my ear, but does alright. My unit has very rare instances of random rebooting, but never while I was using it. It seems a tad low on the RAM side, but powerful enough on the CPU side. Storage is broken up into 1GB of "Phone" storage, and 15GB of "USB" storage ("USB Storage" taking the place of SD Card storage on other phones). I'd prefer to move that around a bit, so I could have at least 2GB of "local" (It's all local, but not all apps treat it this way) storage, but it's not that big an issue. I also have occasional reception issues, but that may have more to do with T-Mobile's coverage in my area, than it does to do with my phone.3G is snappy, WiFi is quick, Bluetooth is reliable, I haven't been able to test NFC, though. Call quality is good, photo quality is about what you would expect from a middle level phone. A bit disappointed I don't have 720p video recording, but the 480p quality is good enough (but low light performance is worse than the recording preview lets on). The front-facing camera is OK, at best, with worthless low-light performance. Battery life is as advertised (if it doesn't give you enough time, look at apps like Juice Defender to get about 1.5x more life out of your battery, depending on use). The software is pretty solid, but I'm running into more crashes than I expected (including of stock Android system software!), however none of it is deal breaking (but quite annoying).Simple truth: this is a phone you will have to micromanage. I wouldn't buy it for my mom, but as a bit of a nerd who doesn't mind micromanaging my resources, it's pretty good (and I like not being beholden to T-Mobile for my updates - had that experience with the BlackBerry Curve 8900, and didn't like having to wait until long after Europe and Canada got their updates for me to get mine).

I can say that this model i9020 of Android Phone is great.Why? Because received update official by Google (you can update this phone to Ice Crean Sandwich - Android 4.0)The Super AMOLED Screen is the best! I come from a Motorola Milestone and the change is really great.The color of screen is appreciable, you can see of different on relation another models.What I don't like?The sound, I feel the sound is very down :(

I have had this phone for one month now and I have no complains about it, it's been great so far! The screen resolution is great and so is the camera. The android software 2.3 gingerbread runs very smoothly too!

This phone is well worth the price! It has all the specs one would look for and expect from a smartphone and in my personal opinion has raised the bar on expectations. Would recommend!! For those of you interested in this phone I say.. Atleast give it a try! You won't be dissapointed!

How come in the store Bestbuy sold to me price $529.00 is unlock and i can using T-mobile networks with out any problem ! Needed to open big eyes look around this world !

love this phone. i have the iPhone but this is better. unlocked you can get line 2 and it works just like a regular wifi phone with all the features without the contract. very fast

Had the Nexus One, which is a good phone, but this one has a bigger screen, fast, and more memory for programs, a limitation with Nexus One.

I purchased this phone refurbished from Masterdeals, a Fulfillment by Amazon seller, because I knew I could get a no-hassle refund if the phone did not work. Which it didn't: tried using a known working T-Mobile SIM card and the phone would not connect. WiFi with Skype worked, but not the phone section. So I returned it.But some comments on the phone: it's got a great hi-definition screen, a 5 MP camera, a 1 GHz processor, and the latest 2.x version of Android for smartphones. Samsung does a great job of putting a number of nice touches together, and the integrated product is well refined. A pleasure to use, actually.My complaint about the phone is the price: it's over $300, but it's only 3G. Since a seven to eight inch tablet with WiFi and Skype can be used to make phone calls, perhaps consider buying a tablet for the computer functions and a cheap phone for cell talking.Three stars because even though this is a great phone with a lot of features, it is on the expensive side IMHO.

I bought this item two weeks ago. I was so happy about the price and also was really liking the features and the user friendliness. I wanted to say that this android phone was one of the best of its kind. It was easy to navigate to intended features/pages with little guidance. After one week of purchase I started having terrible problems with its battery life. Once my phone was dead completely and even after plugging in the charger for more than 8 hours I couldn't switch it on back. I tried many ways and finally i removed the battery , shook it ,smacked it and then put it back and finally was able to see that it was never charged eventhough I had plugged in the charger the whole night. It again started from 0 charge and took 6 hours to completely charge. And I thought it may be because it was completely dead and tried not to put that in that condition again. The moment i saw that it was having less than 15% charge in it, I started recharging it. And with total surprise I should say I am unable to use that cell even for 2 hours after charging it full. Terrible experience ever and completely disappointed!!!

I wanted a phone that would be easier for me to use. All these phone with the tiny keyboards are a pain with my large paws. I tried my daughter touchscreen and found I liked it. I went with an Android phone because I wanted a amrtphone but don't want anything Apple and don't like the current Windows OS really. I really like this phone. I was able to download and manually update to the ICS OS. It is more modern than Gingerbread. I am probably glad i updated before I got used to the original OS. ICS is a lot different.The phone works well. I am not on AT&T; so I don't know that I will get any OTA updates. Since upddating to JB manually requires rooting the phone, I will wait until the warranty runs out before trying this. Rooting will void the warranty.I have noticed that battery life is a bit shorter than with my old basic phone, but this is to be expected with these phones. I get about two days out of a full charge. I would say that I am a light to moderate user. Wifi really sucks the battery power the most, so I try to limit that to when I have the phone plugged in to the charger as much as possible.

Best phone I've owned!Pure android experience means no bloatware comes preinstalled. The phone is fast, powerful, and stunningly beautiful. The curved display is convenient but subtle enough where you forget it's there after a week of use and it just feels natural.Battery life is enough to last me a day of normal use which could certainly be better, but to be honest this is the case with every phone on the market nowadays.NFC capabilities mean this will be one of the first phones to utilize Google's upcoming GWallet services.I am extremely happy with this product and my raving about how much I love this phone resulted in both my wife and my brother in-law both getting one for themselves!

I purchased this phone as a gift for my son in November of 2011.  It completely quit working this week.  He says it makes a good paperweight.

good .. to inform you that I bought a computer and GSMS was to get me a cdma and in my country do not use that kind of technology for the company that I have contrto want to resolve this problem .. because this team does not do anything graciasd. I hope your answer

the only thing i had issues with was the front facing camera was dirty on the inside and couldnt use it. other than that this phone is still running great. you can count on samsung to make great products

&lt;RANT>2 weeks with a Nexus S.  A rant of longing, disappointment & frustration.Since December of 2010 I have been longing to get my hands on a Samsung Nexus S smartphone. As a Samsung Galaxy S user already (Captivate SGH-I897) I was sure that the Nexus S was the ultimate evolution in the Galaxy S line. Fast forward to December of 2011, Finally... a deal on a Nexus S that seems reasonable. Grab it. Delivered. Unboxed. Battery & SIM in. Power up... Ahhh... Pure Google... wait, the capacitive buttons are all in different places than my Captivate. Keep pushing the wrong one due to muscle memory. Oh well I'll learn. Can't see the capacitive buttons outside or just in a moderate lighting environment either... The LED backlight is very dim... Search Google Mobile Forums... Normal condition, they're just not real bright compared to other Samsung Android devices. Oh well I'll learn where the buttons are. Install apps. Wait some of my apps that run just fine on the Captivate don't want to run correctly, I thought Pure Google was supposed to be better?!?! Oh well... I can live without a couple of apps. Why is the back button flashing all of the time it seems to have a mind of it's own. Even backs me out of apps to the home screen quite often. Search Google forums again... Known issue... Google blames Samsung... Samsung blames Google... Hardware issue, no, software issue. No resolution in sight. Hit up support on Twitter... "Haven't heard of that in awhile, I'll pass your info along and stay tuned" Just got blown off. Oh well, I can live with some quirky behavior once in awhile. As long as it doesn't get worse. Disappointment sets in. I know that I have had this phone on to charge all night and it says charged but the battery only says 95%?? Oh well it must be full if the Pure Google Android OS says so, right? Search forums... Known issue... No fix forthcoming... OK shot some video of the kids and it's time to see it on the HDTV... What?!? No DLNA support on the Nexus S?!?! And the video isn't even in HD like the Captivate?!?! Fast forward again to January of 2012... Gingerbread is finally released for the Captivate making it, at least to some degree, a modern smartphone once again. All of the things that the Nexus S can't do the Captivate can. The few things that Nexus S does that the Captivate doesn't I don't need. I didn't run into 1 RFID tag to scan using the NFC on the Nexus S and whenever the NFC is turned on I set off the "Theft Protection System" just walking in or out of the store at Target, Walmart & Eddie Bauer just to name a few. Oh well I can live with the NFC turned off... Wait, why should I have to settle?!?! This is supposed to be the "Flagship" Galaxy S device. The device that all other Galaxy S devices aspire to be. Instead I find myself increasingly frustrated by this device. Visually it's a knockout but in practice, it seems to lag behind the phones it was supposed to be ahead of. No SD card slot... What?!?! Really?!?! I have 32GB in my Captivate in addition to the 16GB onboard. I have come to the point in my relationship with my Nexus S that we must part ways. The back capacitive button issue seems to be getting worse with no fix in sight from either Samsung or Google. The battery issue... no resolution there either. Now the delay of Ice Cream Sandwich for an unspecified time... Last straw. Remove SIM, Factory reset & re-box... Back it goes. Captivate, for all of your issues you're back for the time being. At least until the next great thing comes along.&lt;/RANT>

I have the unlocked Samsung Galaxy Nexus HSPA+ model for use on a GSM service. In the USA that includes T-Mobile and AT&T.; I chose to connect through Straight Talk but the sim I have uses AT&T; towers.  Phone works well and I have had zero operational problems.Pros:Large easy to read ScreenResponsive Touch Feature on ScreenNo Physical butonsBuilt in GooglePlenty of AppsGood Voice QualityStable RadiosSlimCurved caseCONS:Very low volume speaker.A bit bigBattery lifeMy biggest gripe is the speaker. I can hardly hear it ring when its in my pocket. I turned the vibrate on which helps unless its across the room. I am very pleased and would recommend the phone.If the speaker was louder would be 5 star

It is nice to be able to buy an older phone but because it is a nexus phone it has the latest android os on it.  The phone is small and light, has a bright screen and all of the new android bells and whistles.  It has NFC but is not compatible with google wallet because t-mobile blocks it.

got two of these for my friends and they love it.  not much else to say really.  it's a great phone compare to it's competitor back in the day.

This thing is awesome. got it in a couple of days after i put in the order, i didnt like the huge custom they put on the thing, other than that it works beautifully.It will help me in my work for quite a long time.

Good phone, still supported by Google for firmware upgradesThe only issue I had is that for some reason I had to upgrade the firmware manually

producto de calidad se recomienda, a toda la comunidad internacional. todos los accesorios b&aacute;sicos completos, gracias espero descuento para la proxima compra...

I've used it for few months then suddenly could not be switched on due to motherboard defect .This issue is common ,I've serached for  this problem in internet, I found many phone owners complain the same issue.I advice you &#34; Don't  buy this phone&#34;

Ordered from Amazon Warehouse Deals, Inc. The product model description is incorrect. The phone I received is not the AT&T; model (GT-i9020A). It is the T-Mobile GT-i9020T. It is my understanding that using this phone on AT&T;'s system will not support 3G service because of frequency differences. So be aware, seems like you can't be sure which version your going to get.The phone condition was listed as "used, like new" and is in "mint" condition packaged in the original box with all accessories. I was even able to register the phone at Samsung's web site with full Warranty coverage.There is no excuse for shipping the wrong model though, it is clearly marked on the box. It does work just fine on Wi-Fi which is how I intended to use it anyway. It's so much more than a phone, I may not even get a service contract!My phone came with Android Ver 2.3.4 (auto upgraded to 2.3.6), Kernel 2.6.35.7-GE382d80 and Baseband 19020XXKD1. Date of manufacture was 1/16/11 in Korea.

This is the best device ever made.Good device by Samsung without any flavor of aPple.Top spec, Contour screen, plain Android, video calls via Gtalk, and more, more, more.....

i got this phone 3 month's ago and i have been loven it except the battery. I can not make it a day with moderate use. I can swing it if i am lite on my use. if you what a cheep phone with android 4.0 it is good gust don't get this if you need to make it a long time without charging. if you are on Verizon then i would recommend the motorola droid razr maxx. if you are on at&t or t-mobile i would pay more for the Samsung galaxy s2. It has better battery and better processor then the nexes s exe. Over all the nexus s is a good phone with stock android but the droid razr maxx or the galaxy s2 is a better choice then the nexus s but if you what the cheaper phone then the nexus s will work fine.

I JUST PURCHASED MY BRAND NEW NEXUS S TODAY FROM BESTBUY...... IT IS AN ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL SMART PHONE......PLEASE DO NOT BUY AT THIS PRICE.... BEST BUY SELLS IT FOR $539 AND YOU CAN WALK RIGHT INTO ANY BEST BUY STORE AND GET ONE..........

Bought two of these phones in May of 2011.  The software was great being pure Google and the update to Ice Cream Sandwich came out reasonably quick.  However, the battery life was always short and after 13 months one began acting up.  Did a phone reset and went to Sprint for another reset but Sprint diagnosed as the hardware having failed so I was out of luck.  Very disappointed that after 13 months (one longer than warranty) of a phone that had a cover on the entire time, was never dropped and always taken care of that the phone would fail so quickly.  Too much money.  The second phone continues to work but the battery life is getting shorter and shorter and occasionally has an issue that makes me wonder if it is heading for the same thing.

I'm using Nexus S on T-Mobile and I'd rate the experience just satisfactory. The main problem that I've experienced is that the touch screen is not terribly accurate all the time. There's a certain amount of finessing that is required to accurately press the keys. I think it's mostly a lag issue.Other than that the other issue is the finite storage capability - there's no way to expand on-board storage and I'm not a heavy App use but have already run out of space.This is ok if you can get it inexpensively however I'd pass and move up to a Galaxy Nexus if you have the option/budget.

...had a saying for people who would buy the Nexus S at this price.I bought one from Best Buy, and I love the phone, personally.  I am deployed overseas with the Air Force, and I had my sister send it to me.  So the Best Buy prices, plus $7 shipping to my APO address, and "voila"!  I'm rolling...I have an HTC Desire that was giving me the random reboots, so I got the Nexus S to keep my sanity.  I'll deal with the HTC problem (through the HTC repair center) when I get back to the U.S.The Nexus S is fast, and it is working quite well with the local mobile network... I'm getting 3G, and loving life!

The Nexus S is a great phone. What makes it unique than the rest of the android phones is that you will always get your updates directly from Google instead of relying on the mercy of the manufacturer. In terms of hardware, most phones have similar specs. so what distinguishes is the software on them. For example the Nexus One is now nearly 2 years old YET it is officially running the latest Gingerbread update which is absent in many hyped and high end Android devices released in the last few months. Sadly many of these devices will probably never get a gingerbread update. A certain group would call this "fragmentation". It's not. You buy a device AS IS. The manufacturer is not required to provide the latest update. Yes it would be nice of them if they did. I 'm just saying they do not have a legal obligation. So you may be behind in terms of software update but your phone will continue to function the same way when you bought it. "fragmentation" is just a buzz word that a certain camp created.why android?- you are not tied to one computer AND one specific software to manage your phone and the content. you can use any computer, anywhere, with or WITHOUT a cable to manage your files and contents (use "File expert" from market). if you like having freedom/option/flexibility, then Android is for you.- lots of free utilities and application- free navigation by google (assuming you have data service)- full web browsing with Flash. I'd like to point out regarding Flash, that certain group claims that Flash is a battery drainer. Well, what doesn't drain batter on a phone? When you use facebook on your phone, it drains battery. when you skype call on phone, it drains battery. when you watch youtube, it drains battery. So what's the problem? Why single out Flash? Allowing Flash on a certain platform will make a big dent in that platforms profit. Therefore they have made up silly reasons as a justification. Interestingly the same camp can't enjoy Blu-Ray movies. Web experience without Flash player is incomplete. I will not be told what is good for me. I would like to decide on my own. Thank you.Some cool apps to have:- File Expert (wireless file manager)- Remote Desktop (send, receive sms, manage your phone over wifi)- Auto Answer (auto call answer in speaker mode. highly useful when driving, never have to touch or look at your phone!)- Gesture Search (by google. quickly search entire phone for contact, music, files etc, very accurate)- ZDbox (multi purpose utility, app locker, info etc)- and much more!just few things:- unlocked. you can use it worldwide, with any gsm. 3G speeds will vary.- AWS/1700 band for 3g. Because at&t; will acquire tmobile, it remains uncertain as to what at&t; will do with that band. At&t; uses 850 for 3G. This phone will work with at&t;, just not at 3G.The only thing I didn't like was the lack of sd card slot. You're stuck with 16GB built-in storage. I personally like having the option to expand my memory.If you must have the latest and the greatest, you may want to wait a few months as a new Nexus PRIME will be released with ICE-cream sandwich! but if you want to enjoy  the experience right now, this is the phone to get.

This item Displays the model number as i9020 and ships i9023 instead. i9023 is a cheaper model.Why are you wasting our time?

For $400 no contract, this is not a bad deal at all. I've really enjoyed this phone and found it to be very useful and built very well.

Sin duda el mejor equipo para desarrolladores. Sobre todo desarrolladores de aplicaciones para Android.El mejor SO, actualizado constantemente, totalmente abierto y debloqueado. Con excelentes prestaciones y buen precio.Si no eres desarrollador, te recomiendo el Galaxy S II.___________Without doubt the best team for developers. Especially Android application developers.The best OS, constantly updated, fully open and DEBLOQUE. With excellent performance and value.If you are not a developer, I recommend the Galaxy S II.

Recently, I decided to buy a new phone - I set my eye on the Nexus S. Why you ask?1. The Super AMOLED Display - an awesome feast for the eyes, compared to the SLCD or QVGA. The only drawback, if you could call it that a con, is that the white is not quite white, rather it's "muffled". Makes it easier to stare into a white screen, something I could not easily do with my previous LCD phone - Nokia 6120.2. Complete, native and engulfing Android experience! No carrier bloatware, the pure thing! I like freedom, and Android gives me just that - "Do whatever you want with this OS" they say. I will.4. The specs - let's face it. If you bought an Android phone with specs as this one's, yo will just want to mess with it! I overclocked my cpu from 1,0 GHz to 1,4 GHz and it was just blazing! That requires a root, though. Just so you know.5.It has all the functions I need, and so much more! That's right, if you feel bored with the Nexus S, you are either a supersmart person, who has tried and done all there is, or you just were overwhelmed by the possibilities and decided to use it as is.That's pretty much it. Make sure you get a case for your phone, I got Amzer. Actually makes the phone laying in my hand more secure. Screen protector is optional, however I got one "just to be safe".

I recently bought this phone through Amazon. Shipping was fast and flawless. The phone is unlocked so you can use it with any SIM from any operator. I found it very stylish, thin enough and truly light. WiFI performance is very good, including excellent quality for Skype calls. Overall, I found the phone to be a very good alternative to the iphone 4 in terms of available apps, customization and performance. I kind of expected all that from the reviews and the technical description of the phone in the Samsung site. However, what really blew me away is the excellent quality of the AMOLED screen. Really super even in low light. Once having tried it, I really couldn't go back to anything else.

Just like most people, I bought this phone for two reasons: 1) Because of all the Bells and whistles it has (which really are great), and 2) Because its Google and I wanted to get away from repressive iPhone.By all means, this is a great phone.  Though not as pretty in terms of the UI as the STC Desire S.So why the 1 star rating?  Simple;  Google's customer help/support/service is downright awful.  How bad?  Lets put it this way:The Samsung Nexus S has a factory flaw.  Every once in a while there is a device that becomes stuck (by stuck i mean ZERO control whatsoever), and the only way to reboot the phone is by physically taking out the battery and putting it back in.You initially experience this a few times a day, but soon enough you begin experiencing it over 10...20...30 times a day.  Eventually, the device becomes completely stuck and no longer boots at all.This incident is what's happening to me, but I'm not the only one who's experiencing it.  Many people have submitted this complaint to Google on their support site (listed below) with ZERO feedback from Google regarding the matter.If you want to risk being one of those unlucky few who have to remove their battery more than ten times a day, then maybe this phone is for you.  However, be warned: Google is notorious for not replying to its public regarding its products.  This is happening now with this freezing issue, it is happening now with low availability of other languages on the phone, it is happening now with the inability to connect the phone to an ad-hoc network, and it happened before with the inability to purchase a Nexus One phone back in the day through Google's website.Do note, all of these issues are non-existent on the iPhone.  I personally left the iphone because i thought the Android would be a better choice...i was wrong.Take it from me, stick with the iPhone.  its a lot less headache and you dont have to put up with the huge amounts of problems the Android has without getting a single feedback from the developers.Freezing issue: [...]

Received the GT-I9020A, I know a lot of people are asking. Also, a great resource on getting Android 4.0 aka Ice Cream Sandwich:ALL Nexus S OTA Updates for ALL Variants, Plus Full ROM Packages[...]I9020TI9020AI9023D720M200

Initially, I was worried about buying the phone off Amazon after several of the negative reviewers had problems with getting the wrong version.  I ordered this from Amazon LLC (not one of the many resellers) and received the exact model of the phone that I expected, with the super nice true-black screen, and it works on T-Mobile (voice, text, and data).  Most of the negative reviews on here are reviews of the seller and item description, not the phone itself (which has brought the star score down, Amazon needs to look into this, figure out if some of the sellers (or even themselves) are selling the wrong version at times, and remove non-product reviews).  If you notice, most of the reviews that actually review the phone are glowing reviews.Anyway, on to the review:PROS:I switched to this phone from an old HTC Hero that I have.  I immediately noticed how lightweight the new phone felt when I picked it up.  It's a tiny bit wider and a little taller, but it is also thinner when compared to my HTC Hero.  It is still a nice slim size though, and slides perfectly into the small pocket on my jeans where I always kept my old phone.The screen is nothing short of amazing.  I put a plain black background for my home screens, and it looks really slick.  You can't really tell were the screen ends and the edge of the phone begins unless you look close, it's beautiful.So far everything has been snappy and fast.  No major problems getting all of my apps installed from the market. The camera has taken beautiful pictures so far (even in just ok lighting conditions), though I haven't tested it much (plus, it's such a step up from my old phone, it's hard for me to know how good it compares to more recent phones).I love, love, love the pure android interface.  It only came installed with Google stock type apps and the expected stuff, no carrier garbage or crappy ad-filled garbage like you sometimes get from some of the android interface creators / carriers.Also, I just downloaded Netflix, and it worked beautifully and looked very nice on the screen.  I tried it through WIFI, though I mostly use my phones through WIFI.CONS:This is only a 3g phone.  I personally don't mind, but it would be easy to assume with just a nice, new beautiful phone that it would be 4g.  If you watch a lot of movies or something over the phone data connection, that may matter to you.  But 3g honestly should be just fine for all of my mobile needs, and I just use WIFI at home and work.CONCLUSION:Unless you have to have 4g, this is one of the best Android phones out right now.  My roommate has a Galaxy S phone (which is also a very nice recent android phone) and he's envious of my beautiful screen and nice clean interface.

This review is for the Nexus S i9020a that works on the AT&T; 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100I saw so many reviews on here that really don't belong here. If you bought from this product page and received a i9020T or i9023, then you need to contact the seller and return it.  If you bought it elsewhere and it's not the i9020a, your review doesn't belong here.I purchased this from Amazon last week when the price was $499.07.  The item was brand new in original packaging and I believe this is from Rogers in Canada which would explain the no warranty.Someone mentioned that their speed was slow.  The speed I get on speedtest.net app is 2692kbps down and 175kbps up which is consistent with AT&T; 3G Network in my area (Los Angeles) The two thing I dislike about this phone is that its plastic-ky and feels cheap compared to the Nexus One which I previously owned and that it has no external SD card slot.Prior to buying this phone, AT&T; send me a SMS that says they will be moving me to a different plan because of the device I'm using, and this happened with Galaxy Tab, HTC Inspire 4G and Motorola Atrix 4G so those of you that are using AT&T; and are considering getting a new device, be warned.  I had no choice but to get this device which is the best Android phone currently that works with AT&T; and its 3G network.I rate this item 4 stars for the lack of external sd and cheap feel.** July 28th 2011I ordered another one since the price dropped but Amazon sent me the i9020T instead of the i9020A.  I looked on the product description and they have since changed the model number of this ASIN to i9020T.  I sent mine back to Amazon because it wasn't what I ordered.  Bueyrs Beware.

First a heads-up, be careful if you want to get this from outside the US! Amazon/FGS messed up in my case and the device got stuck at customs with extra brokering fee charges, not very professional from a company used to shipping goods (I suppose it's the bulk of customers for this article since it's cheaper from other well-known dealers inside the US).This is a rather good smartphone, on the plus side:- the availability of Android 2.3 though this is a temporary advantage, you can manually upgrade to 2.3.3 (as of time of writing), for some reason Amazon's partner is still sending an old 2.3.1 version and there is no upgrade available from the usual settings menu;- the battery, which can easily last one or two days depending on the use of course;- very good display;- the basic initial set-up, not cluttered with applications, you get to choose what you really need;- unlocked (Android), comes with a T-Mobile SIM that you are free to ignore.On the minus side,- why on earth isn't there a notification LED? It's dearly missed, one has to switch the device on every time to see if there are missing calls or new notifications, very impractical;- another big mistake is the lack of SD card slot;- no manual, you have to find it and download it, some links on the Samsung site, provided at synchronization, are not working;- sound quality is good but not more, I used to get much better on feature phones;- GPS only working outside, is that standard for smartphones? I hardly see how this could be used in a car, for example, do you have to stretch your arm out of the window if you need directions?- plastic design, easily smeared with fingerprints on both sides, the supposedly anti-fingerprint display coating is really just a farce.The Android is a great platform, *almost* mature now, of course there are still some remaining quirks or silly decisions, like for example the lack of groups in the contacts: it's easier to select a song than a contact, still it's supposed to be a communication device.So it's quite good, but the quality doesn't justify the high-end price, at that level one wouldn't expect mistakes like missing LED or an SD card slot, and a printed manual or a protection case wouldn't hurt either. It's more at the level of a bulk version that should be sold at a lower price or with a contract. A couple of stars removed because of this.EDIT: Little update after a few week's use.Still wonderful platform, but everything related to the primary functionality - this is a phone - is average or below average. This may be partly the hardware, and partly the Android OS (2.3.3, very few apps installed).First of all, this is unstable. I had several calls I couldn't answer, swiping would just fail to take the call and the phone app would just hang until the call is missed. Several times did I also have troubles calling someone, the phone would just wait, but no tone, no real call was issued to the network apparently, app freezing again.Now and then the phone fails to register on the network when it's switched on, changing the 2G / data option sometimes seems to be a work-around but this is suspicious. When it does register, sometimes it can't transfer data (again, switching on/off some options may solve the problem). There are several networks here, each with a very good 2G/3G signal, I've never had this problem with another phone before.It is also more difficult to get a signal with this phone than others I used to have, even at places where the signal is fine.The speaker volume is too low (even at its maximum), don't even try to give a call in a noisy environment. On the other hand, the earpiece is fine or even dangerously loud if you don't lower the volume enough (you have to do this for the ring, the media, ...).So in conclusion, it's a very nice gadget, but don't buy it if you need to rely on the phone functionality. Not at this price.

I want to know which model is this, I live in Venezuela and I need to buy the 1900-band model and by what I read there are problems with product description and depends on the seller. The model I need is as it appears in the description.Samsung Nexus S Unlocked Phone--U.S. Warranty (Black)

I received my item in record timing and I am really happy with what I received. My only complaint is that I thought I would receive the I9020T since everyone was complaining that Amazon kept sending that one out instead of I9020A, and I actually need the t-mobile version because I am on t-mobile. But just the same it works, I just can't use my 3G network :( only edge works with the at&t version. Which is really disappointing, but not a deal breaker for me. This is just a replacement phone until my contract is up in a few months. SO until then I am actually happy with this device :-)

Shipped to Samsung.. lets see if they can do something about it..Got it in April/12 but Amazon warranty was only 3 months..Samsung warranty is supposed to be for a year but seems like Amazon got it long before me so already passed.Wasnt superfast nor slow, but wasnt as good as I expected..

Great product, easy to use, has enough bells and whistles to keep the tech-savvy satisfied, but user friendly enough to be accessible to the technologically challenged.

I received this phone on time and the phone was as advertised.  I had no problems with any of the functionality, including GPS, and NFC.  My only gripe is the battery life, but all smart-phones suffer from this.  With most functionality (e.g. WiFi, BlueTooth, etc.) shut down - activated only as needed, instead of on all the time - I have had a working device for 3 days before a recharge was required.

I must say this phone is far and away the best phone I've used.  I've tried many different phones and this one just blew me away.  I read many reviews before making my decision and it lead me to this one.  Highly recommend.

You are such a crazy person.. Why would you think people would buy it from you at $700+ when they can buy it unlocked cheaper from bestbuy

When I fell on it, and the screen cracked, and I was glad... that just about sums up my one year experience with the phone.It has just a few small flaws, but I hit them every day:1) The four touch buttons on the bottom get hit inadvertently, especially if you're playing a game or watching a movie.2) The four touch buttons are just about invisible in daylight.3) The much-vaunted OLED display is just kinda sorta able to keep up with daylight.4) But... at night in a dark room putting the kids to bed... the lowest display setting is painfully bright.5) The speakerphone is muddy.6) Reception (AT&T; in solid 3G areas) pales compared to a years old feature phone on the same sim card in the same area.Hey, great phone, but a few things I use every day just made it unpleasant.

i have the Nexus its a very good phone depending on your area. The phone is fast barely ever lags and if you root your phone tethering is great.prosbarely never heats upfastno drop calls/clearinternet speedgreat picture and video quality (5MP)consno expandable memory (13.3GB is good enough)no zoom with camerapretty much all you can ask for in an android phone

I bought the Nexus, fulfilled by amazon.The phone is the european version: i9023, the warranty says: valid on the countries of the european union.Is not US Warranty and IT's NOT the i9020A.I feel cheated!! and I can't returned it because I need it NOW.

I like an unlocked phone and an unlocked iPhone is too expensive.  That's main reason I decided to try a Google phone. I have been using this phone for about two months and have not explore all of its features yet. I feel the battery is so so.  Sometimes the phone drains your battery so quickly. My main issue with this phone is that it often has a very poor signal. It often has no signal in my office. Even outside of buildings, it sometimes drops calls. In the reviews, it seems nobody mentions such an issue.

There isn't much else I can add to the many 5-star reviews here - but I do want to mention a couple of things.  First of all, mine is clearlly a 9020T, marked that way both on the package and under the battery cover.  As several other reviewers have mentioned, make sure that you order yours from Amazon LLC and not one of their other suppliers if you want to ensure you get a 9020T.  The display is absolutely beautiful and the phone feels more solid than I thought it would.  That said, I'm not thrilled with the pop-off battery cover - it seems fairly strong and I have to assume both Samsung and Google tested it.  Replacement covers are plentiful and reasonable on *-bay so I'm going to order a replacement just in case.  I'm also surprised and happy with how Samsung implemented the SIM card slot - I recently damaged another phone by using a micro-sim card adaptor.  The Nexus S is well designed in this regard and you don't have to worry about swapping out SIM cards.  Overall, I am 100% pleased with this phone so far and highly recommend it.********************* Edited on 4 AUG 2011 to add update ***************************No doubt about it - this is a wonderful phone - but I do want to add a couple of caveats.  First, at least with mine, it appears that I cannot charge the battery to 100% - it stops at 97%.  And, the battery life is pretty good but I do not think it will hold up for almost three days like the Nexus One.  Second, and I admit this is kinda minor - there aren't many highly-rated cases for it - and Otterbox does not yet make a case.  Still - with the incredible display and how fast it runs - it is the best phone I own and I'm thinking about getting a second one to use with my 3GS contract chip.

My excitement at getting a Google Nexus phone was a bit dulled for a few reasons. 1st it doesn't allow expendable memory. Google says Android platform has problems function with removable memory. Also the phone functions very slowly. Removing one app helped but not by much. Last the position of the volume and on/off buttons are almost opposite each other so it is easy to hit the wrong or both buttons at the same time. Sorry, only 3 stars for me.

I got this as my first smart phone about a year ago, and am still loving it. It does seem a bit slow with some newer apps, but still seems great to me :)

Like my Galaxy 2 better, everything okay just smaller and not as fun as my galaxy is.  Not bad would recommend it to a friend.

Don't be mislead by previous reviews!It's a totally perfect phone, good price($401),and the version is i9020T wish SA screen!I really like it. If you don't turn on wifi all the time, I think you can use it for more than 2 days.

I've had this phone for more than 3 months now - moved up from Nexus One. The phone is really good:Pros:1) Faster processor. Clear difference visible in scrolling, animations etc2) Good battery life. With all radios on (3G/Wifi + Bluetooth + Phone network), frequent refreshes to gmail/facebook/news gadget and automatic brighntess setting it easily lasts 1 day on normal usage.3) Sturdy build. Though the back has a bit flex, it actually is very sturdy. Dropped mine many times on hard floors, a couple of slight scratches is what is has got.4) Better Camera....still not very good though.5) Bigger screen is much betterCons:1) No Notification light :(2) Some Android bugs - screen unresponsiveness, Contact sync issue etc. They occur very rarely though!

There are VERY BASIC functions I need in a phone, that seem to have been lost midst all the frills and stupidity of availability of functions for what people call phones now days.  First and foremost I need to be able to make calls and receive calls quickly and easily.  This works OK, on the android but certainly more difficult than the old phone I had (nokia 6822). I have to have the ability to record. My day is too busy and I write to slow to be able to keep up with myself with a 'notepad'. I realize this stretches the idea of 'just a phone' a little but not too much I don't think. I've never had a phone that didn't have record capability built in.  For those that would tell you 'there's an app for that'  make them show you one that works before you believe them. I tried over 17 NEVER had one that worked. The other two, what I call basic, functions I need are a stopwatch and countdown timer. These should not really be that hard and again never had a phone without these built in to the clock.  While android does have 'apps' available for these functions now I have to have 3 applications on my phone to do a single function (time keeping) that was always just 'part of the phone' before.  The following issues are probably due to ignorance but I couldn't put up with the two previous issues and had to return the phone and go back to my nokia as it just works better. The first relates to the ability to record.  There were very few 'ringtones' available on this device. Not that this is an issue as I've always recorded my own.  Having the ability to put my own 'sounds' as ringtones enabled me to not only get the sounds I liked but give different clients different tones so I could know by the ring if I had to answer or not ALSO gave me the ability to pick or create sounds I could HEAR. Most of the 'builtin' ring tones on, at least this phone I couldn't hear very well and in a noisy room or car I was missing calls all the time.  This phone is very difficult to hold.  If did end up keeping it a case would have been mandatory as the whole front of the phone is a touch screen and anywhere your fingers may fall on the sides are different buttons too.I didn't give up on this phone right away It had A Lot of VERY cool features. GPS, Voice to text (very accurate), Voice to function (very accurate), usable web surf and most important mobile hot spot. All and all A really GREAT PHONE.  As much as I liked these features and wanted to keep the phone I was losing too much business not having the basic features and ultimately had to return it.  I'm still looking for a 4g phone without a carrier I can use. (gotta be able to record)

what can I say? This is just great phone, I am pleased with the feel and and of coarse the android OSOne draw back is battery life ,back but I change over from an iphone so I am used to thatA great phone all in all.

Hi guys, for those of you wondering what versions the sellers are selling.I can confirm the phone I purchased from BluTekUSA is AT&T; version.Yes its BluTekUSA but i m not sure what versions other vendors are selling.On the box. Its showing Model:GT-I9020A and that is the model supports AT&T; 3G network internet.So far the phone is nice, the screen is awsome, the responsive screen, facebook app loads fast. game is running well, no lag =)the only downside about this phone since its Google's flagship phone I can't sync facebook profile pictures to my contacts. Sadly. Hope they update this in the future. (you still can sync the facebook profile pic to your contact by using the app called FriendCaster for the problem.)For the AT&T; Nexus S (I9020A) --You guys have to wait for the update to get 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich(ICS) OS (it will come out soon, dont rush, give google some time XD)For the T-Mobile Nexus S (I9020T)---The Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 OS is out already.

The Nexus S is by far the best android phone out there.  I love the pure Android feel and it runs so smooth.  If you are thinking about making the switch from iPhone, look no further.

buy here is really bad is very bad. brought no usb. not brought the box brought original.no headphones. brought nothing. TELEPHONE the battery loses too fast..

The new mobile phone comes with the first 4" contour display screen, making your phone a better fit for both talking and holding. As well as the physical design, the phone comes with the Gingerbread platform already pre-installed; the Google Nexus S will be the first mobile phone to run the newest Android OS technology.Read the full review[...]

this is a fast phone no doubt about it. I miss the led  but i downloaded an app that works for me.Perfect condition working just pefect!

I like this phone - nice feel and easy to use.Thought it a bit priceyHappy with my purchase.

Comprei o modelo 9020 diretamente do site da Amazon, vendido e enviado pela mesma. Enquanto estive de f&eacute;rias nos EUA utilizei com um chip da T-Mobile pr&eacute;-pago que comprei na loja da operadora. Ap&oacute;s retornar ao Brasil apenas coloquei meu chip da TIM e funcionou sem problemas, com todas as funcionalidades e o 3G, ento se for o modelo 9020 Unlocked pode comprar sem problemas para o Brasil.

It Freezes alot, it gets hot quick and it never goes to 100% charge not sure if the just the phone or if thats just a bug

When I first wrote this review two days ago, I said that the phone (meaning Android) was decent enough: I had small issues with things like a poor camera + poor location of button controls on the handset, as well as a very short (less than a day) battery life. I loved the google nav and voice controls, despite the fact that the voice controls appear to require a 3g signal. The lack of a custom car mount anywhere on the market a baffling and sloppy oversight and does not bode well for the availability of accessoriesNow however, I'm frankly growing really annoyed with more significant issues. I'm told that I had it wrong as far as the phone's capability to play mp4 videos - apparently that's something it can do, although i'm having trouble with mine. I'm curious to know what other formats it's supposed to be able to play, as everything that i saw on the topic said the number is limited and i don't want to wrestle with the tech just to play a vid. It also has no search function for the android stock email app unless you're on gmail (yes, really), and the earpiece volume can't be set low enough - minimum setting is what I would call dangerously loud, keep this thing away from your kids if you want them to be able to hear later in life. I've found discussions about this elsewhere, it's a real and known problem and not just a minor hassle.If you do buy this - and I think mine is going back at the end of the month -  Best Buy has a way better deal than the Amazon price.

I had seen that this phone was a straighttalk ready phone. IT IS NOT. Had to sell it to someone

I'm very pleased , unfortunately I haven't had a chance to try the 4G yet, because it is still not so frequently used here in Sweden.

I helped a friend purchase one a while back and wanted one ever since. Now that I have it I'm very pleased.The biggest feature on this for now is Android 4.1.2 (Jellybean). I new I wanted a Nexus device ever since I stared using the Nexus 7, I just could never go back to lesser android versions.Great size, nice screen (love the tones), good visibility in outdoors. Nice speaker, very clear audio and good volume. Love the LED flash, Not too thick of a device. Processor is good (not incredible), clearly by today's standards this processor will be slow, but it keeps up well with most applications and project butter really helps once upgraded to 4.1.2I recomend this device as an entry level android device. If you're willilng to buy a used option, you will save ALOT! and you'll be very satisfied. Trust me onces you go to stock android and experience what JellyBean has to offer, you can't go back to less.

I bought this phone from a co-worker 9 month ago and really enjoyed using it. Overall it was a very well built device. The strongest points were the great touch screen compared to my previous HTC Nexus One and also the fact that the phone has the Nexus designation from Google and gets the latest Android OS updates directly from Google.Samsung's customer service on the other hand was really disappointing. Few days ago my phone did not turn on, so I did all the usual troubleshooting (take out the battery, sim, soft reset) then call Samsung customer service. The rep asked for the serial and IMEI numbers and told me that I am still within the warranty. But then the good news ended. He asked if I had the original bill of sale (receipt) and it turned out that not having the receipt or purchasing the phone second hand automatically voids my warranty. I asked to speak to a supervisor but the result was the same. The representative even mentioned that if you "buy phone unlocked on the internet" this will void the warranty. To add insult to injury, the supervisor explained that Samsung does not have any uniform policy for off-warranty repairs. He offered to give me some numbers stating that "each shop is different" and I have to haggle directly with them in terms of estimates, costs, etc. This was in contrast with my experience with HTC that honored the warranty on their Nexus One phone regardless where it was purchased, as long as the phone has not been modified.So buyer beware - Samsung's warranty is non-transferable and depends who you bought the phone for and requires the original bill of sale.

The battery could not hold a charge, unless most of the apps were shut down. Fairly useless when the apps were removed.

I ordered a Nexus S i9020a with BLUTEKUSA and they sent me the i9020a, not the tmobile version.Im happy because I can use it with 3G in my country. I recommend it very much, its so smooth and nice.***Update September 15th 2012.I have 6 months with the phone now, I must say... It has a lot of issues.It got slower after I downloaded some apps and games.The screen broke the first time it fell to floor 3 months ago.Sometimes the phone reset by itself, it shut down and get started alone (I dont know why).The screen freezes like 3 seconds when Im using the phone.The camera is good though, Jellybean is great too, but I just want to move on, maybe i'll get the Lg Optimus 4x or Htc One X.Hope I help you.. BTW, sorry for my english! I know its not very good.

This cellphone is what I expected and more!!! Very good performance, I really like the Android OS and I also love how this phone looks like.Pros:- Good processor- OK memory- Android OS- Good overall performanceCons:- Nexus S doesn't synchronize with facebook. But I installed ebo birthday and exported all the events to my calendar, so it's not a big problem.- Not expandable SD slot.

The samsung Nexus is very good with lots of features.  am able to do a lot with the phone. I would recommend this product to anyone.

Just received the i9020T Nexus S from Samsung.  The fone is great overall, however, the lack of a trackball and the swapping around of the android buttons on the bottom takes some getting used to.  Rooting was very easy, and installing the latest CM7 in place of the stock rom.  Happy to see the AMOLED display instead of the SCLCD, fone is really fast as well, and worth the money.

Most negative reviews don't belong here. They're not reviewing the product, only the sellers.anyways, kick ass phone. screen is nice and big. sleek. responsive. works with all new software including hulu and netflix.

Overall good phone, this is my first smart phone so i don't have a lot to compare it too, but I like it and it seems to operate fairly quickly..

is one of the best smart phones for 2011. Compared to the Berry the battery does not last as long. Would love to see Rim + Android together. The GPS is good. Some really great applications and features. Bought it on relase day, works well oversea. Very happy.

I Purchased this phone 2 months ago.The display gone and nobody replacing it.They are selling US warrenty ,But No where get solution for my problem

I love this phone except for the poor battery life and low ring volume.  If I don't have it in my pocket I don't hear it ringing even on the highest setting.Video is beautiful on the device and web pages load up quickly.  I mainly got this because I can play Netflix on the phone.  And it is nice to always get the newest version of Android as well.I did a test photo in an almost completely dark room and the picture was quite good.  I also like the light weight of the phone as well.

This phone is the best phone ever. I love everything about it. I do not have a data plan and I am able to pick up WI-FI very easily. Of course it is not perfect and very rarely doesn't it ever free. The battery goes quite quickly because of all the apps running. I am not a big fan of electronics and have never loved a phone this much. It is very easy to use. The pictures and videos that I take are very sharp and clear. The sound quality is excellent. The pictures are very easy to attach to an email / text message as it presents all options.Another thing that I really like is the fact that i can attach many pictures to an email without having to send each picture in several emails. I have an iphone 4 for business and I find this phone much more easier to use than the iphone. I can watch youtube videos without any headaches while the iphone doesn't allow me to do this.I have absolutely no regrets on this purchase. It also does frequent back ups with my Google account.I purchased this phone from Amazon directly and had the 30day refund policy. I strongly recommend that you purchase this phone from amazon as opposed to private sellers. I say this because I had purchased this phone in the past from BestBuy, the sound quality was horrible, i always missed calls so i returned it within the 30 days. Months later, i bought it from Amazon and had a wonderful experience even with their customer service. For the price paid for this phone, you definitely want that 30day free hassle return

The Oem Shop sent me the wrong model - I bought the GT-I9023 and they sent GT-I9020T :-(The order at Amazon the reception all the paper specifies GT-I9023, but the label inside say GT-I9020T.It's took me two weeks to get the phone (to Israel) and to find out (with help of my operator), I got the wrong model.I wrote Oem an Email - they just answer:"Unfortunately, as per our company's return policy, the customer hasseven days from the day that they have received their item to request areplacement or a refund. you have exceeded this time frame. I apologizefor this matter.Keith HunterCustomer Relationship SpecialistThe Oem Shop5620 1st Avenue 4th FloorBrooklyn NY, 11220"You better buy at other shop :-(

I received the phone in just 2 days, and it came sealed and in perfect state, am currently using it in Costa Rica, and just the fact that i can sync my  google account and my bussiness account to my phone makes it completely worth it, its really light, and even though i put it with my keys, the screen wont scratch at all.Pictures are great! we just had a great game for the National soccer team, and the pictures i took, even at night, are awesome! The only issue i find with the camera is the fact that you have to press the button on the screen so its kinda hard to take self pictures (and when you travel alone a lot, like me, this is a must) so am looking to program an app that allows rigging the volume button to the camera.I really recommend this phone, for the software engineer this is THE PHONE, and for anyone else, you will find way more than expected (THOUSANDS of apps, games to whatever you want)

Phone died at 12.5 months, just like prior reviews.  Phone started to get hot, then shut itself off and would not turn on.  replaced the battery and same thing happened.  Amazon said Samsung warranty begins after the Amazon 30 day warranty. Samsung does not acknowledge the Amazon warranty, so I am out of warranty today August 26, 2012 after purchase on August 15, 2011. I am supposed to send the phone to Samsung for a minimum $70 repair cost. They then wanted my credit card number upfront.  No thanks.  Switching to iphone.  Its a shame because I really liked the Google connections and the way the phone worked. Very disappointing and expensive. Amazon needs to do better working with vendors.

This phone arrived wrapped in a cheap box and when I started looking through the phone, I see somebody eleses pictures in the phone. This was suppose to have been a brand new phone and where are the accessories that go with this phone, like the ear piece and the car charger? Also, this phone has terrible battery life, I talk on the phone once a day and the rest of the time, I am texting, by the middle of the day, I am almost out of battery life...

I Like me New Phone. It everything i wanted and expected. The features and graphics are great.  I do not know if it normal for the phone to get hot but ill wait for couple of weeks.

This is a great experience shopping online. The product came even better than shown on the screen, and has been working perfectly ok since I bought it. Another interesting thing about it is that it came exactly on the first day of the expected arrival day.Great online shopping experience I must say, and thanks to Amazon and seller for keeping to their words!

This is an excellent smartphone for international travelers. Assuming you get the right model, it will work on T-mobile's 3G in the US and most UK and European carriers. I  suspect that there will be a sizable price drop on this phone once the Galaxy Nexus is released in the US. I would suggest waiting until then for the discount, but still buy this phone. Once Google releases Ice Cream Sandwich, it will be a really great deal and a much better value than the Galaxy Nexus! Plus no contract!

I have had this phone now for over 3 months and I have to say that I don't miss my previous iPhone 3GS at all.I guess the only thing that was better on the iPhone was the physical button/switch to put the phone in silent mode, and that's it. The Navigator (GPS on the phone) is great, as well as the basic functionality and all Apps I have installed on it. I definitely like Android a lot better than iOS.

After owning the Samsung Vibrant, this phone is fast, and smooth. I did miss some of the touchwiz features at first, but found similar apps that gave me the same capabilities, and i leaned how nice stock Android is^_^. Working video chat with Skype is nice. overall i feel it was a big step up from the vibrant. I think i'm gonna stick with the nexus lines from now on.

Product came earlier than expected. Bonus! Everything was in order as described. Couldn't ask for anything more. Have been using it for a month and no surprises!

The best mobile nowadays. Not that expensive and it's an awesome mobile. Great camera and CPU. Google also updates your system to the last one by the time it is available, much earlier than the others.

Was excited to see this listed on Amazon.  I bought it as soon as I saw it. Coming from an Atrix 4g.  The first thing I noticed is, while 3g lights up, on AT&T; the speeds are laughable.  I'm talking 200 - 400 kbs download on 3g, 100 kbs upload.  Very poor.  I quadruple checked everything was correct...new SIM, correct plan (had AT&T; change me away from 4g plan) and correct APN settings.  Nothing worked.  I went to an AT&T; store and the clerk was nice enough to help me with this phone, even though it's intended for the Canadian market (no US warranty).  He triple checked everything and speedtests continued to show ~400 kbs data speeds.  Ridiculous.I'm very close to returning this phone as, while the 3g light illuminates, it's so slow and takes forever to download a simple app from the appstore.  Streaming media (radio / slingbox) forget it.I really want to like it but there is clearly something wrong with my plan or the phone itself.  I don't know how to get good speeds.  Oh, I'm on 2.3.4 also.  No dice, still slow.***June 18, 2011 edit:***Well, I tried again.  I ordered the Nexus S to give it another shot (perhaps my first was defective?).  Amazon's product listing clearly states the model being sold is the I9020A, which is compatible with US AT&T; bands.  I purchased from TRD Trading and guess what arrived?  The I9023 version (SLCD) which was produced for the French market and only gets EDGE in the US.  Also, it has no warranty despite the product listing saying "US Warranty."  Amazon really screwed this listing up and sellers will get droves of returns (mine's going back today) if it continues to go unchecked.  It's simple, really.  There are three versions of the Nexus S, and it appears Amazon and it's resellers ship whatever version they so wish even though the listing says I9020A.I9020T - intended for T-Mobile.  Carries USA warranty.I9020A - intended for Rogers in Canada and has the correct bands for USA AT&T; 3g.  No US warranty.I9023 - intended for Europe.  Will NOT work with AT&T; 3g.  No US warranty.Amazon needs to clear this messy product listing up, ASAP.PLEASE SEE MY PHOTOS ON THE PRODUCT LISTING FOR PROOF, THANKS.

Please bajen un poco mas el precio de este telefono para poder comprarlo .. solo dispongo de 400 $ ... ojala baje de precio un poco mas y lo compro enseguidaaaaa.. bye :)

I was very satisfied with my Droid X, but needed an unlocked phone to use in Asia. Took me a while to get used to the Nexus S, but now I am comfortable with it. Installed a T-Mobile SIM card without problems. The screen is a little smaller. Had to install Swype from Swype.com. No problems. The phone upgraded itself to the latest Android version without problems. Skype works well. Both cameras work good. Speakers are also good. (Have not used it to listen to music.) While I had no problem with the internal USB storage, I do wish it had an external memory card. In all I like the phone. Now looking forward to use it in Thailand with a local SIM card. I do think it is a little too expensive and I wish it was just a little bigger with a slightly larger screen. Also I can't find any help app in the phone. Had to download the phone manual and the Android manual. The back cover is a little cumbersome to remove and I am afraid it might break. Battery is about the same as my Droid X. It can't find my Bluetooth head set. (Plantronics) It did find and connect to other Bluetooth devices.

I bought it just 2 weeks ago.I bought it especially for its Super AMOLED screen.But you should know that before buying:There is actually 2 kinds of Nexus S:i9020 (i9020a i9020t) and i9023i9023 is the european version or non-USA/UK version. It has S-LCD screen. Worse colors, worse black.google it and check example photos (I found some on flickr)Super LCD variant is unable to display black color, it's just dark grey. More vivid colors are provided by Super AMOLED screen of i9020 variant.As far as I know, this is the only difference. If you want to root your phone, it is important again.Apart that,This is another perfect phone by Google (despite Samsung).

Not as snappy a performer as newer phones. Visually appealing and serves my needs fairly well.One significant flaw: T-Mobile tells me that it was the phone's OS programming that prevents their WiFi Calling feature from working with the phone.

This is a pretty good device, it's very fast, gorgeous screen.  I miss some minor features from my palm pre(like clearing single notifications, and the slide-delete feature of lists).

General: I bought this phone when it came out first... which means I have been using it for a quite a few years. I used to have an IPhone 3G before that. Compared to that (toy) this is like a tech person's dream come true. Being a Nexus I was able to get all the major updates from Google as soon as they were released. Being a Nexus it also protected me from specialized Android versions installed by the Carrier. For tech folk who haven't used an open phone before, its like the feeling you get when you go outside to get some fresh air after being in a dank basement for days at a time, not because its open (OS updates) alone, just the fluidity of UI feels different (as if unbound from chains)  not having being messed with the carriers.Battery: I have had much better luck with this phone than with my IPhone 3G. Mostly because (I think), I turned off; BlueTooth, NFC & auto Screen brightness. And I make like 1-2 phone calls a day and text messages. Listen to Audio books for about 1-2 hours each day. At the end of the day I still have battery left (25%) easily. But I do have to restart the phone once every other week or so.... (C'mon for a UI enabled device thats not bad at all).Usability: Good fluid User Experience, when too many applications aren't running at once. There isn't a SD port (perfect for me, they are security holes anyway), so you are limited with the onboard drive which is divided into virtual (SD Card) and onboard space. The Screen is big enough for butter/fat fingers such as mine... but some folk bigger than me might have typing issues. The keyboard is awesome (SWIPE), the Mrs, has been jealous from day one (she had an IPhone). Games are quick although I had to give up on Angry birds, not because of the phone, but the Game over the updates has gotten bulky with too many ads.Portability: Its very light, smooth, slick and shiny, which makes it a little tricky to pull out in a pinch, chances of a drop. I usually use a thin profile leather case, one that I can fit with the phone in my pocket (shirt or jacket pocket / jeans pocket). Once, i drop-kicked the phone on asphalt (by mistake of course, while running trying to catch a bus). May be it was the phone or the case, but there were no scratches, or breaks, it didn't miss a beat.Anyhoo... I have been using cell phones since the day Motorola started building them without the box-with-a-handle. Never had a better experience. Could there be a better phone? Sure. But is this an awesome phone? Heck Yeah!

The phone is excellent, brilliant colors, sharp, great sound and the gingerbread is awesome, fast!!! I own the iphone 4, so i bought Nexus s for my kid. so i think nexus is better then iphone. but only one thing is the battery life. it's too short for me. but anyway GOOGLE RULEZ !!!

It came closed in a box as new, charged, inserted the SIM Card that we had from T-Mobile and everything worked. The new OS is awesome, can't believe people still insist on buying iPhones, that are so limited and enslaved by iTunes. Set your self free and get this phone.

It is a good package, I really like it, the quality is perfect, the speed is fast, in a word, it is pretty good package.

I badly want the Galaxy Nexus now, but after owning my Nexus S for over a year, i'm still extremely happy with it. You can overclock to make it speedy enough for most websites. The only thing it can really handle anymore is the new 3D Android Market games. The build quality is nearly indestructable. I've carried it in my hand, while working in a vault, everyday, dropped it billions of times, and it's still more than fine!! For the now, lower end price, it's a steal!!

This is a really good phone. Looks good and  works well, however I'm unhappy about the poor battery life (as with most other smart phones). I had to purchase an extended battery which to get me through the day.I use my phone pretty intensely so you're might get you through the day if you're not a power user like me..Pros: Beautiful looking2. Good call quality3. Loud and way above average audio quality4. Stock Android (therefore you'll get the latest updates first)5. Reasonably fast6. The phone just works, no issues with it, no complaints, no bugs, almost (but that's only after you install the latest update).7. Picture and video quality is great8. Can make skype and google talk video calls over WiFi and 3g9. The phone is thin and lightCons: with you the battery life would last longer for a power user like me. I believe in this day and age, a smartphone battery should last at leas an entire day irrespective of how intensely I use it (this may not be a problem for people who don't constantly use their phones for everything).I hightly recommend this phone.

Excellent purchase! I use this phone in Italy and it works amazingly good! And, basic thing, unlike some people say this is the American Nexus not the European, it has the Super Amoled Screen not the Super Clear LCD. Buy this phone if you want an Iphone but you don't want spend a crazy amount. Heartily recommended.

This phone is amazing. Really fast and runs ICS really well. I love this phone. Now I've been a user of Samsung products for years and recommend them to all of my customers. I've been fortunate in all this time to not have to RMA any of my products. This was the first device I had to send back because of some locking and reboot issues. I submitted my RMA, was told about 2 weeks (sucky but normal). Got my phone back and within hours it was right back to the same issue. When I called in it turns out they replaced the power plug and re-imaged the phone. Now obviously they didn't properly test the device before sending it back to me. The only compensation was an "upgrade" to 2-day shipping. To get "priority" repair I would have to call in once they received the device. So I did all that, waited on hold for 30 minutes and got it upgraded. 5 days later my phone still hasn't shipped back. I asked to have my shipping upgraded to overnight since I have been without a phone now for almost 4 weeks now and "they can't do that" and "there's no one who can authorize it". Never again will I waste my money on a product with such shoddy support.

Two things need to be mentioned. First is about its status when I received it. It's definitely opened and used a little bit. The sealing label has been removed ever and the box was re-sealed by some other operator. And there were several fingerprints on the phone. The second thing is the product name should be Samsung I9023T as written on the battery slot of the phone.Needless to say, the Google Nexus S phone is a great phone and I really like the Gingerbread OS, but it made me feel cheated on the "new" status. Do Amazon even NOT garantee the real product status?
