
Phone is as described.  There were a couple of sticky keys and wear on the phone but I wasn't surprised as they had given a very accurate description.

Thought this could be a great replacement phone.  However, the phone i received has several issues.  The OK button is upside down; #8 is where #9 is supposed to be and the backlight on the exterior part of the phone never shuts off.  Worst purchase i have ever made on Amazon.  Would not recommend.

PURCHASED IT FOR MY AUNT FOR MOTHERS DAY AND SHE LOVES. ITS EASY FOR HER TO TEXT AND MAKE PHONE CALLS. BATTERY LIFE IS GREAT AND IT ARRIVED IN GREAT CONDITION... LIKE NEW.

Is what it is.Cheap phone for less. Seems to be rather durable with simple interface and easy to switch with provider.

it worked  but  i really didnt  like  the  button layout  so i sold it  and also i had a lil  bit of  troble  with the  1st one  but they fixed my shipment  thx guys

Okay first off i want to say the product itself was not bad except for the fact that it was STOLEN and all this person gives you is bull and is a big ripoff i would not sugest this person to anyone on amazon they are known as A1Items but all i got was bologna and it's people like them that try to get your money and give you a bad deal DON'T BUY FROM THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Works great, just shuts off randomly often.other than that, phone was in good shape and we got all accessories we were told we'd get.

My service with this phone is TERRIBLE! It drops calls constantly, sucks at sending pictures, sends/receives duplicate texts, doesn't have sound when it's supposed to ring, etc. The phone has nothing wrong with it cosmetically, it's just terrible on it's own. Thankfully I'll only need this phone for another month.

I have had three of the envy 2 they are awrsome n just so nice to have id tell anyone to purchase this phone over a android smartphone

The phone worked for one week, and then I had to return it because of software issues. Thank goodness for the 30 day return policy

Its a decent phone as a backup, car charger did not work when phone arrived!!! Next day wall charger quit working! Will not order again!! Amazon needs to really watch their vendors!!

This phone was a replacement phone for my son. He likes the phone but the speakers in the phone don't work so the phone has to be on vibrate all the time to be able to tell when a call or text comes in. He (a teenager) is very frustrated with this, as he likes to purchase ring-tones. Will not be buying phones from this source again.

So glad I got rid of my smartphone and hoping I can always find one of these phones as I need them in the future.

Bought this (used) as a replacement for a &#34;hand-me-down&#34; identical one. No complaints and certainly worth the money. Just got tired of replacing lost, stolen and broken phones with new ones for my grandson. Don't get stuck with a contract for the rest of your life.......BUY USED!

Previously had an env2 and after a stint with a different device decided to get the env2 back. It is perfect for texting with the flip open keyboard. Good for phone calls as well.

withing 3 weeks, the power cord does not seat properly in the phone.  Its not the cord but bad receptacle in the phone

The phone's internal screen was cracked. They said they would replace it but never did. The is unable to use the inside screen

daughter loves her new phone...this was a replacement and she thinks it is better than the first one she had

I bought this phone in August without a contract off of Amazon to replace the Kintwo...another terrible phone. It lasted all of 4 months before it suddenly died. It wasn't dropped. There was no water damage. It just died. I was told that I was purchasing a brand new phone, but I have my suspicions. The device itself is efficient for making calls and texting but it just didn't last.

I needed a replacement phone, and wanted this exact model. This was exactly rght, at a great price, and was shipped immediately so that I got it in time for a trip I was taking. Great purchase!

Received the product on time which was great. But when my son first turned on the phone it had a battery error. I had to look up the error on the internet to see if it was fixable which it did fix the problem but only for a couple of weeks. After the phone was turned off for a couple of days, the error is back and this time it's not fixable. It turns out that my son is stuck with a phone that lasted for a few weeks. Very disappointed in the company that I purchase this phone from. They should test their phones before selling them.

It was an amazing phone. It had all the features I wanted and then some. But when I got it, it had cosmetic damage (which I was fine with). Another problem I had with it was the battery was sticking out. After a while, I couldn't get the battery to charge. The phone itself was $11 (used) plus shipping. I dropped it all the time, put it through water, and the thing did not want to quit. But since the charger won't read, time to upgrade on something better.

I really like this phone. I got the phone refurbished, the only problem I had was the battery for the phone did not fit properly. I contacted the seller and asked to be sent a new battery and the phone works great. Thanks!

I bought this phone bec. it's exactly like my last phone, which I loved.  Didn't want a smart phone, just a simple phone to call and text.  The last one worked great for over five years until it simply wouldn't hold a charge any more, even with a new battery.  Since the phone is an old model, I hard a difficult time finding one that was brand new (I didn't want to buy a used phone).  But, after months of searching, I FINALLY saw one advertised as new.  It was the ONLY phone like this that I found that was advertised as new--not refurbished--but never used.  But it was too good to be true.  As soon as I rec'd it, I could tell that it was a used phone.  The seller had stuck some stupid clear plastic over the screen and other places that are typically covered with that peel-off protective plastic coating that comes on new phones.  It was flimsy, cheap plastic coating that looked like it had been peeled off another phone and stuck onto the phone I just purchased.  Also, the phone was not in an LG phone box and it didn't come with a manual or anything else.  To make matters worse, I wasn't able to transfer my contacts, even though Verizon assured me I could, either by their cloud technology or by taking it into one of their retail store.  No luck with the cloud so I took it into a Verizon store, but they were unable to transfer my contacts, so I had to manually re-enter hundreds of contacts from my old phone to the &#34;new&#34; phone (newly acquired, anyway). I should have known better than to believe an unused phone of an old model would suddenly appear.  I paid a new phone price for an old, used phone.  Cosmetically it looks new, but the keys stick and I keep getting weird messages like &#34;acquiring application info.&#34;  Probably the seller didn't completely remove all the application bits before selling it to me.  But it works, I'm familiar with it, and I don't have time to send it back and shop around for a new phone.  I needed a phone bec. my old one was dying fast and I don't have a landline.  I got ripped off, but don't have time to return it to the seller and can't be without a phone.

it was exactly what it said. I came fast and works good. the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it had more scratches then I was expecting. I like the little texter part of the phone and it came with a charger.

We needed a new phone for our teen. He says the texting is no problem even if the screen is a little small. It is a little more solid than some other phones which is very important with a kid.

The phone I got a was In good condition as far as looks go and for the most part everything worked.The reason I didnt like the phone I got was because it liked to shut down when in use and mad it impossible to use.

Keeps turning off and on so it has to be charged every day, and I have people call me all, the time telling me I butt dial them, not at all happy.

Took the phone to Verizon to activate. It showed up on their records as a lost or stolen phone. No way to activate. Ugh! What a waste of time. Returned that sucker the same day.

Received phone and used for 2 weeks then had to buy a new cell phone. Unable to charge phone with charger. Charge port would not recharge phone. I will never buy cell phones on line again. Was not worth the money spent.

what can i say? this is a great little phone, that does everything i need it to do. im not to fond of the Vcast sync but you cant have everything.

Even though I just purchased this phone for my son for Chirstmas, the chrager is already not working properly. If you can, try tp purchase it form a different company.

This phone is very good for talk and text. I did not like that the space button is on the side and not in center of the keyboard and it needed some getting used to.

I received the phone and it was just what I needed and wanted, in all ways. It has a couple of little quirks that were no big deal.I was disappointed that It didn't come with any sort of manual, but I believe the vendor will likely take care of that little issue.All-in-all, I really like it.Doug

The LG enV2. The entire enV series for that matter. There is a perfect equilibrium between features and ease of use with all three enV (non-touch) multi-media phones. Don't get me wrong, the enV2 and the others in the series have some cons, but these are insignificant ones when compared with the overall quality of the phone. The biggest and maybe only con, all the enV's seem to have a chronic problem with the battery as it may sometimes (increasing in instances with time)cause the power to go off if force is put on it (i.e. squeezed between objects in backpack, pocket, etc.). I have had all three enV's (non-touch), and they all suffer from this problem. This usually happens after constant pressure being put on the phone, so as long as you treat your phone with some care you should not worry too much.Great Phone! too bad LG and others are forcing us to adopt smartphones.

Prompt shipping.  The phone ultimately has turned out fine as a sturdy replacement phone for a teen but the bad news is that the battery it arrived with was shot and needed to be replaced.  We were in "emergency mode/had a time crunch" and just handled it ourselves at the cost of an additional $39 rather than deal with shipping back and complaining.  I am assuming that had I shared the problem with the seller it would have been well handled - we were just preparing to travel and could not wait.

I ordered this telephone and it arrived sooner than expected and it worked perfectly!  I haven't had any problems with it at all.

Ordered BLACK NEW  LG EnV2 cell phone recieved a Maroon Lg EnV 2 makes me think that I actually recieve a Used or remanafacture phone

Disgusted that we are out 70.00 or one month of phone use. Must have kept them in a warehouse with no A/C.

I think the phone is great. I was mad at myself when I dropped it for about the 100th time and then it lost it's internal screen. That is why I bought this one. I havn't used it because the internal picture came back on the old one. That says alot about the durability. I wanted to use it because it looks like new but I would rather save it for when I need it. Once again great phone for its age.

The battery lasts, it does everything I want it to do but it shuts off all the time. If its in my pocket it will shut off, if it drops more than an inch onto a table or a couch it shuts off, if you press more then two buttons it will shut off.

very amazing :) i am very happy with this company and happy with my order i strongely suggest you to buy your phone from here

I bought this for my mom who as a semi-technophobe refuses to upgrade to a smartphone. It was a replacement for her last LG enV2 which she loved. That phone lasted her approximately 4 years. It is a well-made, consistently reliable phone that most will find to be user-friendly. The QWERTY keyboard is great for those that prefer a physical keyboard to touchscreens.

these are great phones i ordered one and i dont have one problem with this phone and i didnt have a problem activating the phone.this phone is worth getting

I wanted a cellphone with a keyboard which is what led to this purchase. Problem is, the keyboard is less than average. I have owned a Sidekick since it first came out so I had high expectations for this LG phone. The buttons are too close together. its ok for kids from ages 9 - 13.

We received a phone that had some issues.  But this supplier was right on top of it and gave more than exemplary service to fix the problem as quickly as possible.  Couldn't be more pleased with the service we recieved.

wow....this phone got here quick(through os wireless), pretty much as described...they said 8/10 cosmetic, 10/10 functionality though sometimes the ok button doesnt function on the front and there for i cant unlock the damn thing...thin keys, and they said qwerty keyboard yet never seen a qwerty with space bars to the side...rather than the lower center...retarded. it seems i cant dl games, i try it said catalog unavailable..wtf? the music player is no ipod, but for the price its the only positive thing i have to say about this phone other than its nifty size and thin brick appearance. i just downgraded from a cosmos 1 to this phone..how i miss my cosmos..txting is way better, keyboard is better, u get conversation mode(u see sent and recieved messages together and in order from sent to recieved)....env2 just has an inbox were u have to "organize ur txts" every time u get a bunch...its getting the job done, i like simple phones...my upgrade isnt due for a good while, ima stick with it until i run into some money or i see a used cosmos 2.

i was pleasently suprised to recieve this phone because not onlywas it in good condition,they also sent me an extra battery!its a great phone and seems to hold a great charge.i even got it sooner than the estimated wait time.thankyou! i needed a phone badly and you guys did a great jobwith the item itself and the shipping!will definatly do bussiness again!thanks again:)

This works well if all you need is a Phone, and Text.Chose this Phone for it's call clarity.Chose this rating because it is accurate.

My granddaughters phone broke so I purchased this one as a replacement for her.  She loves it and says it works great. High endorsement coming from a major teenage user.

Phone pocket dials constantly. Very unhappy with this product and would not recommend it

the people I bot it from sent me a broken version of this phone. Having had this model before I knew how it should work. Re-conditioned my eye!  They even got my return message wrong, I ended up wasting about $15 on shipping from this vender.

Very poor quality. Half the items pressed on keyboard don't work. Sorry I purchased.I thought it would be good quality but wasn't.

This phone is the best! I love it so much. I have had no problems with it at all. It comes brand new in the mail and it works perfectly.

Best phone in the world i LOVE it very cool also so if u r thinkin of buying this dont think just go

works perfectly fine and didnt take very long to here. no issues at all on the phone at all l

I like this phone very much. very easy to use .priced just right. for a used phone. Easy to text with. good size key board

So far the phone is working just fine, once i got it activated, and i got it sooner than expected. and it's in very nice condition. But picture messaging is not working on my phone at all, i haven't had a chance to call verizon and see if it's something messed up within my plan or the phone, but my plan includes picture messaging.

I like the ease and functions ,especially in my work(Construction) I would consider this phone if you are looking for durability!

its good its works fine i put it on pageplus i like it i didnt like the marks but its ok

Glitchy. Double types. And random power down. I have had phones like this in the past but this one wasn't the greatest...

I bought this as a replacement phone and. the phone was in almost perfect condition and works wonderfully. Great buy.

I still like the Env2 despite it being an &#34;old&#34; phone. I got a refurbished one after all and it seems to be working well.

Phone does what it was designed to do;Call & receive calls.Text & Receive Text.Decent camera & Easy to use guide.Camera is very durable & can take rough use.Really nothing to dislike on a this simple & reliable phone.Would recommend it to people who want a strong basic day to day phone.

I have missed calls because the phone doesn't ring.Also, I have the volume all the way up and it's still not as loud as my last(just died) enV2. I'm seriously considering buying abother one..I just Love my enV2..to replace this one. I'm wondering if the company would do an exchange.

I had the enV2 when it first came out and LOVED it. On this refurbished one the W on my keyboard didn't always work and on calls people sounded like they were talking through a fan or pulling away from their phone. Also, it would not let me or verizon transfer contacts from my phone or sd card. Otherwise, everything else worked as it should. Hopefully my experience is the exception and not the norm.

Recieved the phone 2 days later than expected, i wouldnt stay powered on took it to verizon wireless and they saidIt was the battery pins not touching. When i tried to return it it was so difficult i almost never want to order fromAmazon.com again. After speaking with someone it will be upto 5 weeks before my money is returned.

This phone is a complete piece of garbage! I just got it and hooked it up to the charger I had and it kept shutting off! When it said &#34;Charge complete&#34;, I thought it was fully charged. Then it kept shutting off every time I tried to go into the menu. There were still personal photos on there(which are no longer). I'm sending this phone back for either a full refund or a replacement phone.

I am very upset. We were not able to activate this phone. We waisted our precious time at Christmas trying to activate a phone that i now beleive was some kind of a scam product. I have been trying to get a replacement from the seller for a couple of weeks now. He seems to be stalling for some reason. I dont get it. I call him and he sounds like he is going to take care of the situation and then nothing. I dont have time or energy to deal with this kind of run around :(

It a basic phone for those people who don't want a smart phone.. The key board is great and the phone itself is small. So easy to carry and if you break it you don't freak out, because it didn't cost 200.00 or more..

I took this phone to a Verizon store, and they couldn't transfer my service to it because it was originally an Alltell phone. This makes no sense because Verizon bought Alltell, so it's probably a Verizon problem, not a phone problem. Even so, be careful ordering this phone. It may not work.  Thank God for free returns.

It's tough but that's one of the only things going for itPros: Is tough, when my grandmother and I had our units hers got wet, and was dropped repeatedly. Mine was dropped but never wet. Kept workingCons: The battery life, the front keys went out on 2 of my phones.Summary: These phones were tough and had nice keyboards. My grandmother had only 1 ENV2 and never had any issues with it despite it getting wet 3 times. Mine was dropped and had minimal issues (second) the first phone had the front keys go out and the inside screen go out. And the hinge like broke out of under the plastic on the screen. I wasn't tough on this phone! I'm being nice and rating it higher than I think it should be rated because it was a nice phone and after all, it helped to be tough and never actually breaking on my grandmother (someone who doesn't like new phones or technology changes)

I've had this phone for more than four years. Dropped it in the toilet once in year three. Still works. Holds a charge for close to a week even now (I do talk less than 300 min/month). What made me come here to write this review is the quality of its keyboard. Keyboards on current phones don't compare to this one. It has nice, firm buttons that actually feel like you press them, rather than soft buttons that are too often non-reactive. If the Envy3 is anything like this, that would be my choice for my next phone.

i bought this phone for around 70 dollars then i got it and bad battery then i got new one and i go to get it turned on and found out its a stolen phone then the keyboard doesnt work after two days of activation so dont waste your money on this peice of crap

Excellent price, great condition, being a used phone at this price I was expecting scratches on the screens and paint chips but this phone got here looking almost new. My wife was very pleased.

This phone is so easy to use and small enough to fit in your pocket. It has a lock out feature which diminishes the opportunity for butt calls. You have to unlock it to make a phone call or text. I wish I had ordered it long ago.

I bought this phone and gave it to my niece for Christmas and the button with the number 8 on it was in the 7 spot and the 8 spot. I was not happy about it and felt like it looked like I bought a cheap phone.

Good, Cheap , Fun, Replacement phone.  Does everything I need it to do.  Very affordable which is perfect since I lost out the previous phone I had which was stolen.  Very easy to work with.  Very happy I bought this.  it blows away my previous phones.

I have owned this phone for over 2 years now. It works fine and I have had no problems with it. I got my phone used at a pawn shop. It is not a smart phone but it is good for talking and texting. I activated my phone on Page plus because it is on the Verizon system without the Verizon price or contract. $39.95 for unlimited service no tax or fees. I am able to sent and receive pictures with mine. I am also able to get ring tones threw the phone on the Verizon link.Good Luck.

Great litte phone.  Bought this to replace one that was wrecked by a teenager (he had help when his cousin sat on it at Thanksgiving) but the original lasted 2 1/2 years.  If you don't have teenagers around you will not be able to appreciate how tough that makes this device.  It texts easily though the spacebar is in a weird place...hey, the kid is young, he adapted fine and he says the call quality is tops.If the young man is happy so am I! :)

So far the phone has been good.  I have not been able to access my email with it or hook up to Bluetooth with it maybe because it is an outdated phone nowadays but it works fine otherwise.

I paid for a new phone, which couldn't get service anywhere, always turned off, and half the buttons didn't work.  I would never buy another phone from them, just horrible!

I received absolutely horrendous service from OEM Shop in Brooklyn, NY; a seller on the Amazoncom website. For several days, I left phone messages and sent emails to this seller. Finally I received an email back with an RMA# to return my item. I originally purchased the EnV2 LG cellphone that was described as refurbished MINT Condition. When I received the phone and contacted Verizon Wireless to activate the unit, the MEIN had been previously assigned to another account since 2009...and it was associated with a Samsung Reality. I called Verizon's technical support dept; then I stopped in at a Verizon location. No one could help me since the phone was already assigned to someone else. I then emailed OEM Shop again and requested a call back from a manager. Still to this day (2 weeks later), no one from OEM shop has called me back. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED!

I loved my old enV2  and when I saw a chance to get another I jumped. I have occasional errors with keys jamming or not working, but absolutely nothing major.

I have 2 of these phones, but after I and learned additional features this is actually a pretty good phone.  The only thing I wish is that it had a flash with the camera when you use the camera.  Other than that it a pretty good phone and it's not cheap and has a little weight with this phone.  Thank you.

I ordered this phone and it came in what SEEMED like an official box and the phone looked new and everything and when I called to activate it, it was a STOLEN phone. This company is scamming everyone and I called the company to try and return it and they had an answering machine thing that just said "All the lines are full, wait to be with the next associate" or something like that and I waited for 10 minutes and I got nothing.. How are the lines full at 10pm on a Wednesday? I am so mad, I took a closer look at the box and it is so fake I can't believe I got scammed and I am just scared they are gonna take my debit card number and take all I have! This is BS!

This WAS my favorite cell phone. Its Querty keyboard is a texters dream. Its not a smartphone . Its even better since smartphones are just not there yet. Let them work out the kinks first. I used the OEM LG extended version batteries with this phone and it makes a world of difference with its use. It would last for days on end with heavy use. I paid $35 for these batteries, but they are well worth it. I just posted it for sale on AMAZON because I switched to BOOST PREPAID.The phone I have from BOOST is similar, but this LG enV2 is the bomb.

i needed something to carry through until our new phone could be obtained .  the phone is fair.The keyboard is not so great.

Wow from the looks of it, I'm not the only person who bought this phone from OEM shop. After spending hours on the phone and in-store with verizon, the phone doesn't work, unable to be programmed, defective whatever needs to be said. Hated this entire process and now getting BS emails from them. Looking for a refund ASAP, do NOT buy from these people. Look elsewhere and save your money/time/energy. They obviously do not test their refurbished phones and ought to be sued for their atrocious sales. They might as well be based in Nigeria or Sudan for how illegitimate they are.

screen cracked in my pocket after a week of owning it... would rate it one star, but it wasn't a bad phone. it just was flimsy.

Even though Amazon says other people bought it with a charger and battery, don't buy them. It comes with them.

I got this as a  replacement for my ENv2 I lost recently. The seller eventually sent me 3 phones. The first phone sent to me had keys that did not work and other problems.  The 2nd phone sent to me would not activate with Verizon at all.  The 3rd phone sent was in excellent working order, but some features were not available, as on any of the phones sent to me. It, as well as the other 2 phones were unable to 1)get contacts from or add new contacts via Verizon's Back Up Assistant.  2) All of the phones were also unable to access "Browse & Download" under Media Center.  This does limit the usefulness of this phone. Software upgrades are no longer offered by Verizon to get back these features that were offered for this phone over the last few years.This phone is not equal to & does not have the features of the ENv2 9100 that I owned and lost recently.It does allow me to stay on the Verizon Cell Phone Plan that I now have, but with less features available

Phone appears new but the battery life is a joke!  Good thing my old one has a good battery!They sold it to me as new, I think it is?  But,  (no instructions).I called them,  (no answer),  they did call me back, and gave me some [BS] about Verizon stealing/taking the instructions, they said, they would check on finding me some instructions, and call me back  : ]I never heard from them again!!!!!!!Wow imagine that!!!Yes I am a sucker!

I purchased this phone as a replacement for my other one, as it was water damaged... I had no problems with this one for the first week that I had it, and now it's a complete pain. The front screen doesn't work... you push the buttons to try and dial a call, and nothing happens. It is extremely tempermental about charging, and has a short battery life. And as of yesterday, it will randomly scroll thru my contacts and call them. This phone is possessed. Save your money and just buy a new one.... used/ pre-owned are not the way to go from this seller.

I ordered this phone the end of January & received it early Feb.  By the end of Feb, I started having trouble making an adequate connection to charge the phone.  I had to wiggle the cord just right & tape it down for the battery to charge.  After a couple of weeks of that, now the phone won't charge at all.  I just paid for it on my credit card this month & now that I'm past the 30 days, I'm out the money & phone.  DO NOT PURCHASE!

Brands new  phone for a really good price. I was able to activate the phone right away with no problems, considering I a  currently under contract. I only use unlimited talk/text, so this phone is perfect for me. Plus I love the keyboard!

I'm sad this phone is only available for verison use. Their service plans are too expensive for my budget now, so I'm phone shopping for something more affordable.As for the actual phone: The full keyboard is my favorite feature. I text often, so having a keyboard that allowed me to do so quickly and easily is handy. The buttons aren't too close together despite the size of the phone, which isn't necessarily thin but is small. The buttons on the front are large, so dialing on the front pad is also easy. I must say this phone is durable as hell - I've dropped it more times than I can remember, and the front and interior screens never broke. The paint chipped around the edges, but that's no big deal. I've also spilled water and tea on it several times, and there's no heavy water damage. The buttons do stick from time to time, which is mainly only annoying on the exterior face since the OK button won't unlock the front buttons to dial sometimes (and that's why I love having the interior keyboard!) The interior keys do stick, too. I find it funnier than annoying- I'll be texting and suddenly I have a string of three to six N's or C's in the middle of a word. Those issues are all ware-and-tear problems. Considering I've had this phone for over three years and it stills works, I'd say it's a good phone.I don't use the phone for more than texting, picture msg and calling, so its internet features are lost on me (it was too expensive anyway). I do like that you can download certain free apps like song recognition. I used that one a lot. I couldn't use the music player since the phone isn't compatible with my computer, so I have no comments for that feature. Picture quality is fair for having no zoom. Video works quite well also, but only takes 30 second clips. SD card capable, which is awesome since the internal memory isn't large.My biggest problem with the phone is the battery life. I've read reviews for other phones and people say they get several days of battery life - that's never happened with this phone. From the day I bought it (at the Verison store), I've had to charge it every day. On standby (no texting, calling or anything) it MIGHT stretch to a day and a half now. The bar meter never accurately estimates battery life. One minute it says I have three bars, fifteen minutes later it say one bar, five minutes later it goes back to three bars. I have to plug it into the charger whenever I make a call longer than ten minutes depending when I last charged it. It's annoying, but I usually don't sit down to lengthy phone calls unless I'm home anyway. Might cause more problems for others, but it's something I've learned to deal with.Overall, I like this phone. I really am sad I must switch now.Make this a gsm model!

WAS WORKING GOOD ONE TIME BUT NOW IT JUST TURNS OFF FOR NO REASON,I WILL NOT BUY ONE AGAIN OR HAVE IT REPLACED JUSTMIGHT HAPPEN AGAIN.

Pretty simple to figure out. It comes with good ringtones, the camera is not very good. The auto lock is good but a little annoying because it flashes the lock screen if you touch any thing. It is not compatible with the contact sync from Verizon's website.

Everything works except backup assistant. Verizon had upgraded their software a few years back this phone was not upgraded. Upgrade no longer available.

Not sure if it's the battery, the charger, or the phone...  Either way, a dead battery says that it's fully charged within a couple of minutes, and then instantly dies out when using the device.  Ordering a new battery for the phone to see if that is the issue.

We bought to of these from two different places. On the first one the speakers did not work at all and the second on did not keep a charge.  Amazon was great though with refunding the money.

Disappointing to activate phone and put contacts in, etc, only to have it quit working after three weeks. Took it to reputable Verizon Wireless dealer and they said it wasn't the battery at all, and that the phone was just dead, that nothing could be done. Will send back now.

perfect condition for a low price and no scratches or dents. works great so far nothing wrong with the phone.

I think this is one of the best basic phones lg has made. My husband has had this phone for a long time he has run over it, dropped it in water and drops it all the time and it still makes and receives calls and texts. (Despite cracking the outside screen when it was run over) The battery has held up for more than 2 years. We recently replaced this phone with the lgenv3 and even though it is a decent phone it does not have the same quality as the env2, the env3 feels cheap when compared next to this one and the battery life of it is way shorter.

THE PHONE DID NOT RECEIVE TEXT MESSAGES. IT BASICALLY WAS AN EQUIPMENT FAILURE - AFTER SPENDING COUNTLESS HOURS ON THE PHONE WITH VERIZON WE LEARNED THE PHONE WAS DEFECTIVE. BY THAT TIME IT WAS TOO LATE TO RETURN IT AMAZON. WASTE OF TIME & MONEY!

I bought this phone because I loved my enV2 (until my sister broke it). I wanted another one and this one arrived looking great! But then the issues started. I had my phone on for no more that 1 hour (no dropping or anything) and it would just randomly shut off. When I turned it back on, it had full battery, then would turn off again in another hour. It was a pain and so not worth the money I paid for it!

We had two of these ENV 2 phones we bought new a few years ago from Verizon.  Worthless devices for music and media, unless you want to buy them from verizon.  They are a good texting phone when they work, but as long as we have had them they randomly shut themselves off- while you are texting, when you close them, sitting in your pocket etc.  Looking at problems others had had with them online, it appears LG had issues with the battery contacts on these phones, and never really fixed them. You move, bend, or bump them and the power goes off.  Not handy.  When we brought them in to Verizon they claimed a firmware update would fix them- it did not.  We are switching  to T-Mobile for better reception in our area in any case, and I am tired of Verizon going from "new every two", to a $100 discount, to a $30 "credit" for a two year contract, while they add a BS "upgrade" fee for you to switch to a smart phone so they can sell you more junk you do not need.  "Share everything" appears to cost more than anything else as far as family plans go. Those are Verizon issues, in any case after these ENV 2s I would be hesitant to buy any LG phone.

Well its an older phone so it doesn't organize my messages like my old phone did..but I like the key board and it was in great condition!

I ORDERED 3 OF THE  LG enV2 VX-9100. two out of the 3 have problems. One was bought as a future spare phone. To be used at a later date. After setting up 2 phones to use I found One would not shift when I texted people. So I switched That new phone's information  to the spare phone I purchased. So I am outone phone already. The second phone that I had originally set up I found that it will not go to contact names that I try and get to. I have to scroll down to get to what ever name I need to call or text. Now that I am over my 30 day sellers warrenty I can't send them back. Ship date on the mailing envelope is 1/26/2011. Phones were ordered on 12/31/2010. At this point with very little time to set up and try out before warrenty was up. I am not happy with 2 out of three phones not working. These phones were also set up at a Verizon store.

Service was good, no problem.  Phone started just rebooting everyonce in awhile for no reason.

A really great phone all-around.. I love when you open the phone the QWERTY keyboard is inside for easy texting.  I highly recommend this phone.  The only problem I would say is that Verizon recently change their backup assistant technology -- this phone software does not backup automatically with backup assistant (or at least mine didn't).  You can always go into Verizon and have them manually do it if you want.

When I got this phone, it originally seemed okay. And then out of the ordinary, it began shutting down on its own, and now, my inside screen doesnt even work! The ammount of storage is average, the looks are nice, but the quality is bad. Time to get a new phone...

Product arrived as ordered. New in origional Verizon package. Order complete- phone, battery, charger. Came on schedule. I would use this company again.

My kids love this phone, it's easy to use and perfect for what we needed it for. No problems or complaints. I've bought this same phone at least 4 times now to replace lost phones or for when I added a line to our service.

Great for the non super expensive i phone users like myself!always liked the easy flip up text.  Very practical phone.

these are awesome phones! they are durable and last a very very long time. I think my brother soaked his two or three times (once in motor oil) and it still work!
