
it charges and you can speak and use speaker phone... the buttons are a little wobbely and sticky so it takes a few jabs of the side key to light up front screen or silence a call

I needed it for ease of use for an elderly parent and it is perfect for that. Easy to use, the ringer is loud, and easy to handle/carry.

the phone never worked. I charged it all night but the stupid thing never turned on. Its pretty flimsy too, the whole back cover comes off a little too easily. I would advise do not make this purchase.

Camera, speakerphone, alarm clock, stop watch, calendar, calculator or some of nice features as well as teh bright screen on the face of the flip phone when it is closed.  Easy access ringer adjusment buttons on sides to turn down or off the ringer.

My cell phone went bad and I didnt want to purchase a new one. I happened to be checking on Amazon and I found this one. Its just like buying a brand new one.

I bought this model phone a few years ago for my husband.  He doesn't like cell phones but this one was easy to understand and easy to handle with a man's hand. Last month (after years of use with no problems)the microphone broke and callers couldn't hear him talking.  I was very happy to find the same phone was available. He is using it now with no complaints.  In the future, when this one wears out, I know this one will be too outdated to find.  I only hope it will be replaced with a similar style as we are very happy with this one.

Phone acts up a lot. It locks itself frequently also. Wouldn't recommend it. Messes up even when no one is touching it and it drains the battery. Might just be a glitch with this particular phone.

This phone does exactly what it says it does and is working fine.  It is a basic phone with simple features that is easy to use.

While we have gone through several more expensive phones this model doesn't seem to get lost or stop working. A great bargain.

My husband is stuck in time and wanted his same phone he got 5 years ago.  He is happy, soi I'm happy.

Fast delivery. Like new product. Would recommend and purchase again. This product replaced an identical product that was damaged and no longer worked. Very happy with this product.

The phone was basically fine except the two covers one for charging the other for headphones would not stay closed, so they were flapping in the breeze all the time and got caught on everything. I could have just removed them, but I decided to return the item instead.

Phone was brand new-came with accessories (chargers & a case!) Very happy! Fullfilled a need, my son &#34;lost&#34; his phone & this was much cheaper than purchasing it from the Verizon store.

Just what I wanted at a price I was pleased with and it came very promptly.  I was pleasantly pleased.

The phone arrived broken, returning it. Outgoing calls cannot be understood. reception is good though. battery life insufficient. BAD PHONE

A good cell phone, but a slight hassle to reprogram before you can reuse it, or activate the phone for use

It legit only lasted me a month, after that the phone snapped in half out of sheer use of flipping the flip phone.

hard to keep pluged in covers are worn out so we cant use them. it works for what we need it for

This Motorola phone is as described, new. The speaker phone is a priority and the quality on this phone is very good. Very satisfied with this phone and the seller.Updating this review after using phone a couple months. The record button is too easily activated and frequently the phone gets messed up and I have to take the battery out so it will work again. The seller replaced phone and it's working fine without the problems of the previous phone.

I bought this phone to replace another Motorola my dad had. He says he really likes this phone because of the simple design. His last phone was mp3 enabled and had a lot of side buttons that constantly were pushed when in his holster, but he does not have that problem with this phone. In a world of smartphones, it is getting more difficult to find simple flip phones like these. I also loved that it shipped quickly with Amazon prime. We needed this phone ASAP and it came just in time!

The refurbished phone is fine.  The battery life isn't very long and the charger doesn't work at all.  I can use the charger I got with my other phone and I have two batteries, so one of them seems to be on the charger at all times.  It's not terribly convenient, but I've been using it for a month now and will continue to until I decide to buy a new phone.

The used cell phone arrived today in excellent condition and we are very happy with it for the price.  It is the older type flip phone and hard to get now, so is very much appreciated.It was on time and in great shape!Thanks for your consideration.Diane

Tried 3 different phones and none of them would connect to Backup Assistant.  Verizon thinks it is a software issue.  Too bad though I like Motorola.

Couldn't believe how quickly the item was delivered.  Motorola VU204 is a great flip phone which is why I looked all over for it. It got the best review for flips & was the #1 phone ever made by Motorola.  What a shame it was discontinued.

I wanted a phone without a camera, something to just use for calls and texting.  This one has a camera.  But, it is working okay right now and that makes me happy.

I purchased this phone to replace my Vu204 which broke after 3 yrs use.  The phone works fine, the covers for the charger and other accessory do not stay in as good as my first phone.  The battery was very poor.  I replaced it with the battery from my old phone, and it holds the charge much better.  Good interim phone until the Iphone5 comes out, so I am happy with the purchase.

Thanks to an honest carrier employee, I was pointed to the internet to get a replacement phone for mine that had a disappearing screen.  I found the exact same model, in a new phone, for a price much more reasonable than the carrier could have ever provided.  The ordering and shipping process was fast and clean. And I am quite satisfied with the purchase, and with the vendor.

The process was very easy and i must say the cell phone was delivered faster than expected which is a great thing. The phone's condition is better than expected, and works great all at a great price. love it!

Great phone for those that only need to make calls. I had one in the past and wanted to get the same phone vs. going to an Iphone or Smartphone.

I bought this phone for my uncle who is afraid and bewildered of most technologically advanced devices. I recently added him to my Verizon plan, and I needed a simple and inexpensive phone for him. Surprisingly, these dinosaurs are quite expensive, especially when purchasing directly from Verizon. And I didn't want to waste an upgrade on an outdated phone. This phone was still a bit pricey, but it works well. It's easy to use, slim and surprisingly lightweight. One complaint: it arrived in a plain box with no instruction manual. Pretty sketchy.

The phone is simple and reliable and was purchased as a gap phone between Verizon phone upgrades, so it suffices and fills all the basic phone needs for my son until his upgrade comes around.

I got this phone for my husband, who actually prefers a phone like a JitterBug (NOT kidding).  This phone came and was easy to set up and is a breeze to operate.  LOVE it!

After 30 days of minimal use the phone turns it self off and searches for network at least 3 times a day. I doubt it was a new phone since it was shipped with a charger that does not fit this phone. This phone was an exact replacement for my original phone that worked great until a crack in the case prevented the phone from opening. Be careful of masterdeals 30 day warranty.

Great phone for the price!  My boyfriend keeps loosing his so we go inexpensive now.  Good sound quality and priced right!

Phone doesn't hold a charge and received wrong battery in the phone. Wouldn't waste your time. Not happy with this phone at all.

I purchased this phone for my mother to use on my remaining Verizon contract, she absolutely loves it and had no issues activating it with Verizon, it requiere some extra work on my part like talking to Verizon Support to program the phone and enter a few codes to get it going on their system.  But this minimal work on the consumer end considering the value of the phone some may be discouraged by this who have no patience but since I don't mind and am tech savvy no issues here.... I will consider the same thing when I am ready to buy another phone.  I highly recommend this phone for those who just want a basic phone to make calls... in my mother's case this was perfect!! Thank you!

The phone arrived in a timely manner with all the necessary parts.  The battery and charger were included, as promised.  I was able to activate the phone from home and it is working great.  No problems so far.  The battery isn't as long lasting as I would like, but will make it through the day with just routine calls.

Old phone and the used one i bought broke in half shortly after i bought it. Pay the $30 activation fee and get a free basic phone form Verizon.

I had this phone for replacement of my W385 (every two years I can pick a free phone, according to my Verizon contract). And so I see Vu204 as a facelift of W385. The top menus and buttons are identical in functionality. Some secondary menus may have more items in Vu204. Vu204 is shorter, wider, slightly fatter, more rounded. The display is slightly larger and seems to have greater resolution - fonts look smoother on it. It looks modern, even now. W385 looks dated, in comparison.Just like W385, Vu204 is picky about its wall and car mini USB chargers, and requires either a Motorola charger, or "Motorola compatible" third party charger. Otherwise, "unauthorized charger" message will appear. The outer small time display has changed from black-and-white LCD on W385 to color dot matrix. This does look better and brighter, but drains the battery more. I had to turn it off for that reason, and after that could only see time after opening the flip cover.Battery compartment cover is made out of plastic (was aluminum on W385), has a different rounded shape, and encompasses entire back of the phone. The phone sort of "slides into" it. As a consequence of this design, I would sometimes take the cover off the phone by accident. It is also not watertight. Both W385 and Vu204 have been in my pocket under rain, and if W385 did not seem to mind, the "white dot" water damage indicator in battery compartment in Vu204 turned red, indicating contact with water. I thought that the amount of water was not enough to damage the phone. Later, however, the phone started experiencing software problems, and I had to turn-it-off, then turn-it-on to fix. I went to a Verizon dealer to fix this, he opened battery compartment, saw the "red dot" and shrugged: "what do you want, if it has water damage?"This is when I put my Vu204 in a kitchen drawer, and went back to W385. I have W385 for 5 and 1/2 years now, it has been in my pocket under rains, plumbing accidents, I dropped it many, many times. While Vu204 is a little prettier looking and has better camera, it adds nothing significant in terms of functionality, and loses in reliability.Just like W385, Vu204 does not show as a USB drive if you connect it to PC. How do you then transfer pictures from Vu204 to PC? There are to ways. You can attach a picture to a text message and send it to another phone that does have an easy file transfer capability. Second way is to use bluetooth for picture transfer. The caveat here is that the other bluetooth device must be compatible. I tried iPad, and it is not compatible (out of the box, at least). I bought bluetooth adapter for PC, Motorola PC850, downloaded application for it, and was able to transfer the picture files between the W385/Vu204 and the PC. The file timestamp was lost, however. I detail this process in my Amazon review of W385, if you are interested.

I bought the phone in September and thought I could use a card in it for my photo's but you can't. How do you get the photo's off? I like the phone pretty good, except the keys stick a lot and the back was hard to get on and off. Can anyone help with this problems or do I need to look for another phone?

Sucks didn't even work the phone just doesn't turn on. The phone came real fast but didn't even work. The people that packed it must have knew it was broken and decided to still send it

Fast delivery and the phone works greet ! Very satisfied ! The phone is in excellent condition and is above and beyond worth the price I paid!Thank you !!

If you looking for a basic phone, this fits the bill., It's not a fancy phone, just the basics, and very sturdy. The only bad thing about this phone, are the buttons on the side, they go off very easily, when handling the phone, which is a pain in the as* .

it works like a phone should if you just need a good back up. nothing special but for the price it is perfect

Good battery life; can go 2-3 days with few calls a day. Con: Can't assign ring tone to different numbers.

Although I haven't activated the phone yet, I really like the features it has. Keep in mind, this is a BASIC PHONE. However, it does what you need it to. My husband and I wanted to downgrade to save some money while we're in school, and I think this phone is going to be just great for me =)  The seller is great! I got it in less than a week, and the phone I received is exactly as described. It looks like new and works fine so far. Great volume, cool ringtones that come with it, sleek and a good size!

My senior mother broke her flip phone, so this for the price was a hit. She doesn't need data plane, just to talk!

Several weeks ago while traveling in FLA my phone was stolen & since I did not want/need a smart phone I replaced it in kind with this product--I really like the phone & it is one of the few "feature" phones that pare with my car-I paid $82.50 +tx for what was advertised as a new phone when in fact after I received it I discovered that it was NOT new, & the "3rd party seller", Wireless ConnectionsNYinc, suddenly did not have any more new ones--Then one was advertised for $229.99!! Amazon is filing a claim against the company, at my request--I am nervous, now, about buying from Amazon as they obviously did not check out this company & it's products before letting them sell under their name--Buyer beware!!!Barbara

Fast shipping.good phone.easy to use durable..cheap for the price .works good.good battery life . awesome. So its worthed.go get you one.

Would have been a 5 Star had they sent instructions on putting the battery in. Over all a very easy phone.

I purchase this phone 4 one reason.  I have no complaints with the phone no loan contract is good for talking and texting what else do you need

Verizon store was more than willing to transfer data from old/broken phone to new one, after I explained the source of purchase.

Needed a phone to last until my new upgrade is available. I read the reviews on this Motorola Cell Phone and the seller's rating. I felt comfortable with both so ordered the phone and it has worked very well. It is very basic but performs the functions I need like talking, texting, etc. The battery lasts a long time between charges also. The only issue I have is when I need to turn the volume up or down it takes a lot of time to get it to work properly.

As advertised, quick shipment, very happy with the purchase.  two phones purchased, a great bargain for the money paid for it.
