
Not saying I didn't get what I paid for; the phone is serviceable and everything I like in a &#34;dumb&#34; phone. That being said, the Boulder is definitely a step down from the Rock that I owned for 4 years. You can tell that this phone is cheaply made; light weight, has to be charged daily, speaker full of static on high volume, fewer settings,  The worst function is that you can't hit snooze on the alarm unless you open the phone! Only owned for a few weeks; hope it holds up, but I have doubts...

loved the fast shipping this seller does.. this is my husbands most favorite phone, tough, rugged, he puts phone in pocket with all kinds of stuff.. so he needs a tough phone. economical for this type of phone.. waterproof, shock proof... good durrable rugged phome

Good basic phone. They are hard on phones since we work in the construction, so I buy this phone for all my guys because it does break easily.

My husband has this type of phone and he is hard on the phone and it works very good for us.

Bought this for son #2 as a replacement for one that he had used for years!  He was so grateful to get one just like his old one.  No frills-- nothing new to get used to.  He is loving it.  Thanks to the former owner & Amazon.

I think a phone should be a phone. While this does have internet capability, I dont use it for that. This is a RUGGED phone. I first purchased about 3 years ago. I still have and use that one. It still works and looks as good today as the day I purchased it. I have dropped it off the roof onto concrete, it has been dropped into the swimming pool, and it even fell onto the highway at 50 MPH (left it on the roof). It barely has any scratches and continues to work perfectly.If you are rough on a phone, this is the one for you. I purchased this last phone for my dad for Christmas. He has never been able to keep a phone in working condition for more than a few months but he is not going to hurt this one.One other benefit is that the ringer volume is LOUD. My last phone, I could not hear the ringer if it was in my pocket. This one will wake up the neighbors.I HIGHLY recommend this phone.

I bought this phone because of it's rated durability. Since I am basically an old school type the features of this phone suit me well. It came with a small CD that was apparently a owners manual but my CD player wouldn't read it so I got a PDF manual off the internet from a location specified in the package. The manual states that it was supposed to be bundled with a charger and other accessories which, it was not, I had to buy them separately. (I would recommend reading the manual.)The big problem with this phone was the worthless,I assume Chinese made battery.That battery ruined what was an otherwise good product. I took a look at the situation on Amazon and found a OEM casio battery and ordered it in hopes that it would solve the problem and it has. It even has the verizon logo on the back.I now have a durable nicely featured phone with a good battery.The phone was originally advertised as a item on sale which I didn't pay much attention too at the time but now I am a wiser purchaser since I eventually wound up spending the full price for this phone.Buyer beware

The seller was correct about everything he promised in the phone. It arrived a day earlier than expected too. Its a great phone, the only draw back with it is the battery does not stay charged for more than 6-8 hrs. But other than that its ok.

It is very durable.....will last another 2 years...easy to program, just a basic phone for someone that only needs this type

I bought this phone for my 13 year old son because he is a boy and is hard on things.  He loved the phone for the two weeks that it worked.  About two weeks after ordering the phone apparently it stopped charging.  He took it to Verizion and was told that the charging port on these phones is the weak link and that it is a common occurence with this phone.

I purchased my Casio Boulder refurbished. It is just as tough as they say. It has survived light rain while I am on duty and out in the weather. I have not dropped it from any significant height and I am not anxious to do so, but it looks and feels tough. As of now, my only complaint is battery life. I get 24 to 36 hours between charges. In all fairness, this is a refurbished phone and the battery may not be new. My LG Flip phone was getting four days between charges with the same use.

It was a good phone until my wife crushed it...It's not a smartphone but does the job if you're on call.

This is one sturdy phone! My husband is a contractor and needed a phone that could survive the rigors of the job. It also has a loud ringer adjustment so that he can hear it in noisy environments. Our budget likes the fact that it did not require us to purchase a SIM card and does not require a data plan with our carrier.

This Casio G'zone Boulder is a good phone. We use this phone on Page Plus. Call quality is excellent and speaker quality is very good. The only problem we had with the phone is the battery that came with it. It was a generic battery. It holds a charge for one day. I had to buy an OEM battery for it. The phone is new as described by the seller OEM Battery Depot. The phone does look new. Only problem is the battery.

Great phone.  Very durable and water proof.  We have had this phone before and loved it.  But, it just couldn't hold up under a DC10 bulldozer

I'm terrible with phone, I'll admit, I have a problem keeping them alive, sooooo. I bought this "indestructible" phone. Everything was fine, except the charging plug came out the second month I had it... You know where you stick in the charger to charge it? Yeah, It sucked... So don't get this phone, it was durable, but crappy.

Alright so I purchased this phone for my mother in-law who tends to be very rough on her phones. The last one she had disappeared for about a month and when she finally found it it was in the freezer. I thought since she isn't very technology savvy this would be a good phone for her. The phone was shipped and received very quickly and arrived ahead of schedule. The phone works very well, has a good battery life, and good signal. I would recommend this phone to anyone who's looking for a good quality basic phone.

The phone is nice for a basic phone. It seems to be very user friendly, but wish the brightness was brighter. It was really awesome to get a spare battery, but I hope that doesn't hint at what is to come for battery life. This phone was real easy to activate through my verizon.

this was a great purchase and has been a great phone

HiVerizon made an upgrade, this upgrade stops older phone from downloading apps like backup assistant.The only way to get your contacts is by going to a verizon, or blue tooth from your old phone to you new phone.

I had to go to Verizon to get my contacts added.  It does not use the Verizon Media Center.  Thought we weren't going to be able to do it but they finally did.  This new phone will not send Pic texts.  Verizon says it's too old.  I owned a Casio GzOne before (much earlier version) and it worked with Media Center and it sent Pic texts.  The charger is very hard to plug in.  Doesn't want to line up right.  When using Bluetooth in my car, after a call is ended the phone shuts completely down and restarts.  I have missed many a call because my phone was resetting.  It does not want to stay on while charging in the car.  It keeps turning itself off.  I have been very disappointed in this phone.  I had my previous Casio phone for over six years with not one issue.  The antenna died or I would still be using it.

I'm thinking about sending this back.  I paid $30 for one other and it's in better condition than this one.  It's missing pieces and there is no connection between the battery and the charger because it won't charge in my charging dock.  I have to us the plug to charge it.  So I haven't connected the service on it yet.

I only chose two stars for this phone mainly for the fact that this phone drops calls, it displays the wrong date on the face of the phone, yet the inside would show a different date. I have had the phone randomly shut off on me, and I wouldn't be able to receive picture text messages. I've been disappointed with this phone since I got it a few months ago.

I've had my Boulder for almost 5 years now, and let me tell you, this is about the most rugged phone you can imagine.Want to talk waterproof? I've kept this thing intentionally submerged for over an hour, and I've done it many times. It's actually a (stupid) parlor trick that I'll use at a bar or restaurant - order a glass of water on the side, and then plop my phone in it for the duration of my visit to impress my friends. I've also gone to outdoor parties with a 4-ft above-ground swimming pool, and let the kids amuse themselves trying to find it at the bottom of the pool.Want to talk rugged? I've dropped this thing countless times. Hell, I've thrown it across a room on occasion. At worst what might happen is that the battery might come loose - but I've actually only seen that happen when I have the extended-life battery in (which projects outward from the back somewhat, unlike the default battery which sits flush against the back). Some of the plastic portions of the phone are scratched/worn from all the abuse this phone has seen, but that's about the only ill effect it has suffered from all the abuse I've dished out.It has an external bulb on it to support a flashlight function. Not only is this a nice idea, but it also happens to be an incredibly bright bulb (comparatively speaking), making this a very convenient feature.Those are the feathers in its cap. Now let's talk about its black eyes.It's not a smartphone. If you want a smartphone, you need something else.It takes pretty lousy pictures and video.It cannot store many text messages. I mean, I like to save texts that have sentimental value; unfortunately for me, this phone won't save but about 125 or so before complaining about its memory being full. It has severe limitations on how many picture messages it can store as well. I've had phones from 2002 that could store more text messages.The original battery had a horrible battery life. However, to be fair, the extended-life battery has a fan-freaking-fabulous battery life.It has, on occasion, randomly rebooted - and even occasionally locked up - on me. These are incredibly rare events, though.The alarm (as in, the alarm clock feature) stops making noise after about a minute. Not cool.I like a phone that warns me when the battery is low - and then ceases to bug me about it once I acknowledge that I'm aware of the situation. I can't stand hearing a warning sound every five minutes, nor do I like seeing a &#34;Battery is Low!&#34; sign whenever I try to glance at the clock. This phone completely fails at the aforementioned pet peeve of mine. Um, Casio, chances are that if I'm *not* plugging in my phone when the battery is low, it's because I *can't* plug it in, so could you please stop bugging me about it? Sure, my battery might be low, but we all know that a low battery is still typically good for at least 60-90 minutes of standby time, and maybe even 5-7 minutes of talk time (which is very possibly what I'm counting on, and the reason that I haven't simply shut the phone off).The built-in compass isn't terribly reliable; it's often right on target, but sometimes it's 180-degrees off, even after I do the figure-eight thing that's supposed to reinitialize its sense of direction. I'd be terrified to actually have to count on it in an emergency.It has an external button on the left-hand side that's supposed to be for playing music (i.e. using the phone as an MP3 player). I can't tell you how many times I've accidentally hit that button when trying to adjust my phone volume. It's a really bad design, and I think they just stuck that on there to try to compete with older-generation iPhones.It has horrible (pretty much unusable) volume when used with Bluetooth devices. You might think that this must be a problem with the Bluetooth device but no, I've tried it with a couple, and had the same result. When used with a *different* phone, the Bluetooth devices worked fine. And these were Bluetooths (Blueteeth?) that I actually bought from the Verizon store, guaranteed to be compatible (loosely speaking, apparently) with my Boulder.And that's all I have.So yeah, in summary... about the most rugged phone you can possibly imagine, and definitely the one you want to have if you're out in the elements. Just don't count on it to be able to do anything except some relatively basic functions.

The phone works great! The only problem is that it cant be used as a pre pay phone. Was told that by verizon. So i had to put it on a plan.

I bought it  to replace the phone I lost at work. I drive a cement mixer, so the water proof has been put the test. I have dropped it few times and it has keep on working. I give this phone  5 stars.

Thanks for a great transaction! Phone is in great condition...My husband loves these phones, he works in the elements so they can take abuse!!

The phones were new as described and in great shape.One of the phone battery will not hold a charge.  In the process of returning the battery for a replacement.

I love these phones, I've owned three. I traded my son my I phone for his new GZ one because I  missed  it, but The battery doesn't last a full day with this new phone. Disappointing!

Delivery was faster then expected and its a great replacement phone.  As someone who works in harsh conditions going thru phone after phone, this phone has been holding up very well.  Nothing fancy, just a good strong and dependable phone with basic features. I would of liked a better quality camera n better resolution screen is the only reason why it didn't get 5 stars.  But then again, this is not what this phone is about.  If you want something that will take more abuse then most phones or for any for that matter I ever came across, this is one for you.

This phone has all I want and more. After a number of other phones this one really has everything that suits my needs.

Can not get phone to program with Verizon. Will ring sometimes, most of the time goes directly to voicemail. Stopped in Verizon store and they said it was an internal lock on the phone. Emailed the sender and was told I could return it. I did not buy the phone because I wanted to return it. I bought it to use. Some support as far as how to turn off the internal lock was what I need to know.

I love this phone the speaker is louder so I can hear better then my other phone. my other phone I could not hear over then.

i left it in a pair of jeans then washed the jeans and the phone workes great  really great phone

I got this phone because I dropped my last one in puddle and promised myself I would get a phone that could handle it. It's a great phone if you don't like frills and are careless with your electronics. The battery life is abysmal and if you want to get more than 45 minutes of talk time, you need to get the extended battery pack.

I received my order very quickly and was very pleased with the condition of my order. I would recommend INDY for your cell phone needs.

I am too dumb for a smart phone, nor do I need one.  I have three of the Boulders, as I collect them for future use.  They haven't been made for years. They are virtually indestructable (mine went through the clothes washer and worked as soon as I retrived it).  If you want a solid, well made, damage-proof basic cell phone, this is the one.

I was worried when I was looking to buy a replacement flip phone, for my dad, that was sturdy and afforable. This one was like new but was advertized as used. Really!  No scrathes, keyboard feels unused! Even smells new!Fast shipping! Great!

We have to take it to a Verizon store to get the updates before we can use it now, whenever.

EVERYTHING WORKS JUST FINE. ONE FUNNY THING: WHEN I ACTIVATED THE PHONE WITH VERIZON, ON THEIR WEBSITE IT STATED "NON CAMERA" BUT IN FACT IT DOES AND DOWNLOADS JUST WENT OK TO THE VZW ONLINE ALBUM. I BOUGHT IT FOR 10 YEAR OLD GRANDSON SINCE HE WANTED ONE LIKE MINE. FUMBLE-FINGERED ANNE, WHO DROPS CELLS, ABSCONDED GRANDSON'S. NOW I HAVE ANOTHER USED ONE ON ORDER-ORANGE-TO CELEBRATE THE TN VOLS. SINCE OLDER PHONES HAVE LIMITATIONS W/ TEXTING, I PERSONALLY USE THE ONLINE SERVICE.MIGHT ADD THAT A PERSON IS WISE TO STICK W/ AMAZON. I NEVER HAD A PROBLEM W/ THEM BUT TWO ISSUES IN THE PAST W/ EBAY!-JOHNNY

For the price, this phone is just ok. The plug-in is difficult to use (I bent it trying to plug it in). And it a little smaller and lighter than the photos appear. But overall, it seems to be an ok phone for the price. I would spend the little extra money on the gzone ravine 2. its a much better phone for a few more dollars.

I like this rugged phone overall except for three things:1.  No one can hear me.  Not a good thing for a communication devise. I heard that the speaker is in the hinge where a human hand would normally hold the phone, and this positioning blocks the speaker from being heard.  Ergonomically incorrect imho.  I guess the human hand, and mouth, were not taken into consideration when designing this phone.2.  Short battery life. The frequent sound of the battery dying is ingrained in my brain.3.  The screw that opens up the battery compartment with the use of a coin is NOT METAL even though it appears to be so at first.  The real (hard) metal coin eventually wins over the (soft) screw.  Can you believe it is siver-coated green PLASTIC?How can this possibly be up to Military specifications?  If a military person is out in the field and doesn't have time to sit around while the battery charges, s/he will soon be unable to change batteries at all as the nonmetal screw quickly disintegrates.Duck tape anyone?

Works well, 1st phone was defective, had to get it replaced. But second worked as expected. would buy another..............maybe or not

ordered this phone and the battery never worked. I had ordered it for my dad, who ended up just buying a new phone through Verizon all together 1 day after receiving this. Had I known that, the phone would have been returned immediately. How can you send a phone that won't charge with a broken battery? My father is elderly and didn't think he could have returned it. Do not buy from this seller

I just bought my third phone of this exact brand i love it so much. First of all, it's super cheap (compared to buying a brand new phone). Secondly, it does take any kind of punishment you throw at it. I dropped my first from two stories up onto marble. I then got a call that i answered and understood perfectly. the only reason i got a second was that i threw it as hard as i can into my kitchen floor. (the casing broke).my second phone still works perfectly, but the back plastic battery cover "clip" broke, so i had to epoxy the battery in place. Also, the glue connecting the screen protector to the case broke, so i had to epoxy that too. despite having made the repairs in a rather hap-hazard fashion, the phone still works great. at times it won't read messages, or it will shut off, but considering that i drop it almost daily, i can't complain. Any other phone would have conked out a long time ago, but this one still works great. 9/10 (because of screen/battery clip issue)

This was a great purchase.  My husband loves this phone.  It's a TANK!  I would definately recommend this item to anyone to buy.

I bought this basic phone for my wife because I have been very happy with my Casio Gzone Commando (smart phone).  It has proven to be very reliable and tough, so I figured this dumb phone casio might be a good bet.  So far I have no issues.  It's tough, well built, and works very well.  Sound quality is decent and since my wife didn't want a smart phone, it does everything she wanted it to do.  I'm confident it's going to last.

This is 2nd one for husband, he is tough on cell phones. Easy for him to use & can take 99.9% of the abuse.

It was not near as durable as the GZ phone I had previously. Even during the program sequence at the Verizon store, pieceswere falling off, literally falling off!. I would snap them back in place but they still fell off. I got home and had to super glue theminto place. This happened only 2 hours after getting the phone. The battery charger connection is pretty flimsy too. I sure it willbreak way too soon. Rather disappointed in the whole package. Thought from the picture I was getting the GZ phone that had durable rubber casing that can hold up to normal use. Did like the price though, but should have remembered, &#34;you get what youpay for&#34;

the only reason i had to replace this phone after several years is that it would not charge any more. i'm very pleased with this rugged phone

I use this phone constantly in my small business. This is replacing my old Casio Boulder which was used and abused for a long time - yet still worked.  Great durable no-frills phone.

Phone was reconditioned to new status (no marks, scratches or wear marks). Came with a wall charger. Was able to find acessories for a good price on the web. Would buy from these folks again. Having said this, the phone lasted about a month and fell apart. Performance wise it started dropping calls (have Verizon), then the battery would hold a charge only daily. Changed out to new battery and same result. Finally the charger pooped out. I gave the phone away to a friend that salvaged the parts. Better luck next time I guess.

Works fine, durable, like new, big buttons, great service.... couldn't ask for more. Very nice for my husband who goes through phones monthly. This one is still holding on.

Easy to operate for calls and texting.  Sends and receives quality photos.  Durable and faultless!  I HIGHLY recommend the G'zone Bolder!

had to buy a different one from Verizon and don't know how to return!  Piece of junk and I want Amazon to know.  This was supposed to be new.

I exchanged 4 of these phones with the seller.  Each one had a defect of one sort or another.  After the 4th defective phone, now I am told that the product is out of warranty and that there will be no refund.  The reason that I ordered the phone in the first place is that it was my boss's most reliable phone.  Certainly not the case through this seller - if they are reconditioned or used it is not noted in the product description.  Very deceiving and disappointing.Mary

Exelent top knotch everything i expected great service great product .i love the phone so tough anr every thing i was needing for a clumsy grand mother

I ordered this phone for my husband because he no longer can read the letters or numbers on his phone.  I didn't have any trouble with the ordering process or the time it took to get the phone; but when the phone came the charge port did NOT work.  We could not charge the phone with the wall charger or the car charger that I ordered seperately.  I am returning this product.

Ordered for my dad who doesn't know much about cellphones...... He likes it. the shipping almost beat me home. LOL It was a pleasure working with this company, Thanks and have a blessed successful year.

This phone was easy to break although it was advertised to be tough. Not pleased with this purchase at all.

This is a very rugged phone and is just what I need on my construction jobs. This is my second phone like this. The last one lasted 6 years and was still working when I retired it. Great phone.

A vast improvement over the regular phones that Verizon carries, but the battery life is weak.  Let me use this opportunity to just jab at Verizon for one moment.  I notice that in their effort to push everyone into the expensive smart phone universe, Verizon is carrying only a couple of models of regular phones in their store -- all crappy garbage. This phone is way better than what they carry in their stores and the compass is cool as well.

This phone is a tough little phone.  It is great for the person who works out side or in a place where the phone may drop or get wet......  My young adult son requested this phone because his dad has one and it worked like a trooper.

My husband is not a &#34;smart phone&#34; person, he likes a basic phone, which is next to impossible to find in the cell phone stores.  This is exactly what he wanted.  Thank you!!!

I find casio is a good product,  it works well and is very durable.  I like something very simple and easy to use.

The phone does not keep a charge, it has to be recharged every night, and this is with limited use.  Very disappointed in this phone.  Has to be charged more then my I Phone with all of its apps.

I needed the  phone to work outside in the dust and soil I get a clear voice coming through  and it looks sturdy enough if your looking for an affordable outside phone then this is a good start.  I first had trouble with the phone not recording missed calls but once I contacted the seller it was quickly taken care of so overall it does the job for work

The phones were both in horrible horrible condition rusty scratched  dirty . I  didn't waste my time charging them they were in such  bad condition

This is the second Casio G'z Boulder phone my husband has had and he loves it. It is very durable and just perfect for someone who is a little rougher on their phone yet doesn't need all the bells and whistles.

I own this phone for my work and when I saw it online, I wanted another one for my wife. When I picked it up, I instantly knew it was not the same casio phone. It was lighter, and the charger cord barely fit into the devise.I couldn't belirve Amazon would sell such junk. It really wasn't worth 20 bucks. I will never purchase another thing from Amazon, and if you would have looked at your records before you sent me this email, you could see, you got the phone back, I got a refund. I figure were are done. By the way the 10 dollar loss I took on the return of the phone was the reason we are done.

For a new phone, the battery did not keep a charge for even 12 hours.  I bought a new battery for it and it now keeps a charge for about 16 hours...it craps out right at the end of my business day...everyday. If you use the snooze feature on the alarm, the snooze will stick., which means that the alarm will not go off the next day.  This is the second G'zOne Phone that I have owned The exact same problems were present on the first phone, but since I bought it used I thought it was just old and worn out.  I was sold on the rugged construction, which I admit, did hold up. So I bought a brand new one, complete with the same built in problems...Do not buy this phone...it will drive you absolutely nuts.

good for talk not so hot for text .it is what it is a flip phone that will take wet and rough use

This is the only phone my husband will have.  He has tried many others and he always comes back to this one.

The phone itself is great.  But the battery wears down very quickly.  If I call someone, the battery starts going dead after about 10 minutes of talk.  I need to find a battery that will work with this phone and last longer.

Short battery life and not user friendly. Cannot download ringtones for some reason.  It is rugged and good for a guy who is rough on their phone!

This phone did not meet my expectations, my old phone worked so much better and it was easier.  Right now, and my phone is only a few months old, will not work properly.  It keeps shutting off and sometimes will not let me make a call.  Also, I have had to charge it every day for the last four days and it is a new battery.

If you are looking for a good phone that you don't have to worry about this is it. This phone is tough, water proof and just an all around good phone if you are looking for toughness.

Didn't do enough research about this phone. Works well except the echo on the other end when I use hands-free, and I didn't know it doesn't have a usb port as my wife's Casio does. Wish the battery lasted a little longer, but again, I got what I paid for.

THis phone worked amazingly for me amazingly! i did however manage to break it but it lasted me a good while, since it i have gone thru 4 more phones so i am going to buy it again! definatly worth the $$!!

product looked to be new as adervertised, and was easly set up. came with chrger and dvd in sealed box and works fine. but only have had a few days and have given to my son to put it through its paces but so far if he cant tear it up i think its a good product.

I have had 2 of the orange c711's with the small little speaker on the back and this phone blows them away the speaker quality is amazing on this rugged phone ill never have another

i have had this phone for myself for about 4 years it is indestructible! so i got this one for my 11 year old son he can take it in our pool and it works under water!  Great deal on batteries  here too

Purchased through Just Cellular It said it is a new item and found that it was not even close. Verizon Wireless confirmed phone had been used a number of times. It also has software issues and this is my second one from them. The first one i gave them the benefit but I would bet that phone was used as well as it had problems.

I don't know if this is a real mil spec phone but I have heard it mentioned in that maanor. It has worked for me for a couple of years in some tuff conditions. Some things I have noticed are that if this phone gets exposed to an electro magnetic field it will shut off atuomatically. When taken away from the field it comes back on with no damage or loss of memory. Also when it is in an area where cell signals are blocked or to faint to receive calls it will still text message. Finally the water proof feature is perfect, I have had other phones crap out from a build up of humidity and sweat.  The casio show no sign of that problem. And finally I like the SD card slot on this phone. It is easy to access. I wish more phones were made this tuff.

Ill keep it brief.  This phone doesnt have a lot of bells and whistles.  The 'internet' part of the phone reminds me of a dos program... its really really basic and crappy... but good enough for checking email if you use something like AOL, or just checking the weather.But you arent buying this phone because you want an Iphone 9.  You are buying this phone because you can drop it, dunk it, sit on it, toss it down the stairs, use it as a chew toy or any other number of abusive things you shouldnt do to a phone and it will keep on working.  It took me 3 years to finally break mine after tons of mountain bike crashes, drops, being in water constantly... finally some saltwater got into the charger port which somehow came open and it died.This phone is hardy, period.  Not fancy, but durrable as can be.  Its also loud, the front speaker is great you can hear the speaker phone loud and clear from 10 feet away.Keep in mind there are two versions of this phone, one with a front speaker and one without.  Get the one with the front speaker its better.  I just got the new orange version, with no front speaker and I like the other one better.

a great durable phone to handle my life that always has those mishaps and it transfered on my account with no problem

The phone is in perfectly good condition. However, I was sent a phone that is still on an activated phone line and I cannot use it.

The phone is what I expected except for the fact that there is no call log. No received, missed, or dialed calls. If I had known that, I wouldn't have bought the phone. It was for my husband, who needs to know who called for his business.

My son didnt want a smart phone, this phone does the trick and is strong for someone who is rough on cell phones. It doesnt stay charged very long and takes forever to charge, but works great, was a great low price, and was fast and safe shipping. Thanks

best phone i have ever owned

This phone has done everything it is supposed to do and a few things  I didn't know about, I love it!!

Ordered this phone for my father because he is a construction worker and needs a dependable phone. The phone is great! The price of the phone was very decent and the shipping was free and was shipped faster than normal. He received this phone within the shipping period stated and in the condition stated in the description.Couldn't be happier about this purchase.

I had high hopes for this phone.  Then, one day, what I was pulling out the charger cord, the connector inside the phone came away with it.  Turns out the connector inside the phone is only *glued* in.  It's a separation waiting to happen.I had to buy a cradle charger to keep the phone charged.  And forget about USB connectivity.Apart from the lousy glued-in connector that's guaranteed to fall out, this is an OK phone, I suppose.  I wouldn't recommend it, however.

the battery that came with the phone does not hold a charge the phone hesitates when ever I select a function

Has taken a beating. Purchased for my mom's fiance, he is extremely rough on phones and this has been dropped in water, snow and out of the car. Keeps on working. The flashlight is bright and clear as well in dark corners. Highly recommend.

My family is tough on cellular phones.  I personally never got a changce to use these, but family members grabbed and activated them when their original (Smart-er phones) were either dunked, lost or smashed.  These are rugged phones with few bells and whistles.  I expect my two phones are still in use somewhere by someone else who is waiting for their replacement smart phone to arrive.

I am just amazed at the durability of this phone, i have lost it for 2 days under a foot of snow, dropped in bathtub, and i was removing a transmission from my truck when it suddenly dropped out, the only thing between it and the concrete was the phone, it suppourted the full weight of the trans protecting my hand. and suffered no damage at all!  simply amazing. not to mention i have dropped it many many many times. still tickin like a champ! do not hesitate to grab one if you work in the field.

Just what I needed for my son who continually breaks phones either by getting them wet or dropping them. This one has fallen in the pool and immediately was working and has been dropped numerous times with no ill effects.

Bought one from the same company about 6 months ago and it came in very clean.The charger came with it as they said and I just activated it and went to useing it right away.It probably still has more features on it than this old man stops to take time to utilize.My boys phone messed up and he is outdoorsy. I bought this second one for him to handle the weather and roughness. Both of them came with extended life batteries and that keeps me and him going several days between charges.  I am very satisfied and pleased. Thank You

Have been using this phone since 2009!  Yes it is still working great despite the abuse, I love the water sports. Get the fount speakers and the speaker phone works well enough for short calls sitting on the dash for hands free. Bluetooth is too old a software to work with the new ones. Camera 1.3MP.  Has Video, works. Can place pics with your contacts. Has some tools....Calendar,Calculator, Good flashlight and a COMPASS!  It is truly an outdoor person's phone. Everyone else in my house has been threw a phones ever year or 2 years and complain that things don't work well and they can't hear with well or the speaker doesn't work or that it freezes up, I Just nod and smile. Don't get it for the frills and camera, although they still work great. Get it because it will last and you can abuse it and still be able to call home that you played too long and will be late.

I purchased this phone with high hopes but they are reconditioned.  After having two of them that did not work properly I decided to opt for a refund.  I will say that the customer service offered was hassle free for the replacement of the first and the return of the second.

When I recieved mine in the mail I was pleasently surprised by:1.) The contact list that was still programmed into it. If for some strange reason I leave the comfort of my home in California to visit the Fort Worth area of Texas I will already have numbers for Bail Bondsman Dusty, Big L, Big Nick (missing little Nicks), Brian Cop, Brian New Guy, Dad (Not Mine but someones lol), David Football (cool last name), Dog Person, Eagle Breaker, Easy Money, Eric at Masters, Fire Alarm Don, HornedFrogsCOach, JacksParents, Mary Pat Fire Alarm (long name but easy to remember), New Kid, River Dogs, Snuffy, and sooo many more.2.) The phone also came with two videos: The first of a toliet being flushed with a number two that is way too big to go down (gross, why was this filmed???) The second of a person who was the previous phones owner (I'm guessing) asking his wife what she wants to eat for dinner.3.) Games which are of course Awesome!!!4.) Recordings of phone calls of which I'm too frightened to listen to yet. (Due to the video of someones deuce that refused to go away.)5.) Dukes of Hazard Ringtone. (I work in South Central not sure how well that will go over with the homies)6.) plently of caked on dirt. Although got most of it out of the cracks and crevices with a toothpick.7.) Looks like it just came back from Iraq overall but from all the clues I'm better informed that it was just Texas.

When I bought this product the phone was listed as &#34;used - like new.&#34; Let me say that I have worked in the cellular retail industry and the phone I received was nothing &#34;like new.&#34; I would describe it as &#34;used -poor condition,&#34; with gouges on the facing, multiple wear points (obviously used by someone for a extended period of time), broken features (including a nonfunctional camera), and a nonstandard battery causing the phone to be unwieldy. In addition the screw used to lock the battery in place is striped from repeated use. Over all I'm very disappointed in the sellers interpretation df the words &#34;like new.&#34;

Good phone for the construction field, durable and gets the job done that a PHONE needs to do. Not good for internet, can't send or recieve pictures. and all the buttons are back lit red. Would have liked it better if the send / answer button was green and the quit button was red. It would be much easier to see on the job site

My brothers old casio Gzone died and he wanted to same kind of phone. This is exactly what he wanted

Received it promptly but have had issues with the phone. It locks up frequently. I have to remove the battery to restart the phone. Keys stop functioning and its dead. After removing the battery, it will work. The charger only worked the first week then fell apart. I like the phone itself but its not reliable for a new phone

Do not try to contact the seller because you will not be treated with respect. The number on their website for contact is incorrect or so I have learned by an email from customer service. I was told to never ever call that number again by OEM Battery Depot customer service. I was told the number I was calling was an office down the hall and they had nothing to do with the product. All tho this was the same number I called prior and customer service took my info and offered to send a replacement battery. (5/9/2013)The cell phone was delivered with a battery that would not charge. (We bought new and later to find out the phone was 5 years old and you can not buy parts) I was told a replacement battery would ship and it would deliver on Monday 5/13/2013. Due to the battery not being delivered on Monday: I then tried to contact OEM Battery to get tracking information. This is what started the whole mess with customer service. I was also told getting the tracking information would not get it there any faster but here you go... (OEM Battery Depot customer service)I will never purchase a cell phone online again.

This phone actually looks brand new? It is refurbished. I really like it, the speaker is loud enough for me to hear it well. I work in a loud environment. It fits in my pocket, it is very durable! I received the order very quickly. Ordering was easy. I have no complaints. I would recommend this company to anyone.

Great phone to have.Battery stands out a little (not flat) but it keeps a charge well.It doesn't have all the things the new phones have but it works as a phone.Good for people who have more experience and want a simpler phone to use.A phone you can carry and it will still work.

Phone works great, but my charger doesn't work with this phone.  I had the same phone before that I lost.

my phone came when it said it would!! My husband farms and he hasn't broke it yet!!!!!! Thank You! Laura

This phone seemed perfect for my father-in-laws active lifestyle.  While it had a charge it worked great, unfortunately the charging cable came apart on first use.Monster Utopia was excellent and sent a replacement charger, unfortunately it also broke upon first(very careful) use because of a manufacturing defect in the charger port in the phone.  Fortunately they are taking it back, good service from Monster Utopia.Something slipped through quality control to have such a fundamental problem as a defective charging port.  If not for this defect it would be a 4- or 5- star phone.

Charger didn't work and found out that charger port has a short!!  I a m  not happy with this phone!!

I decided to give up my Driod and buy this phone. I got tired of constantly having to escort my smartphone like a delicate egg everywhere I took it.This new phone is AWESOME. I can keep it clipped to my belt while working on the truck, mowing the grass, washing the dog etc.I can use it in the rain, dirt, dust, etc and the phone keeps on ticking.The phone has been GREAT. It has been thrown down flights of stairs, tossed out of moving vehicles, used in the shower, dropped in buckets of water and still keeps on ticking.The only complaint is the speaker is a little hard to hear at times. I cannot speak for the battery life of the stock battery as I have never used it. I bought the extended battery and it lasts 5+ days on one charge.

This item was in worse shape then it was described I had to ask for a charger to be sent and then when I got it the battery after being fully charged did not even last 10 hours and thats without using it and the front screen did not even work. I hope that in the future that this bad experience does not happen to anyone else. The worse part is that this was my first purchase made online and I was very unsatisfied.

My spouse loves the phone! it's easy hand fitted, not bulky in your pocket and light weight. It has a flashlight, camera he really likes. i would recommend to anyone.

So being military and needing a rugged, waterproof/water resistant phone was an ideal option for me.  Well, after a day running around on the training range and making my way through some water obstacles, this phone failed to do what it said it could do.  The phone went underwater only about 6 inches for around 2 minutes, when I pulled it out of my cargo pocket at the end of the day the screen had water behind it and the battery compartment was soaked.  The phone is rugged and can take a beating; however, do not get it wet.  This phone doesnt do what is advertised and because of that, I have to give it a low rating.

Not a scratch on it, works great, sound is perfect! I absolutely love it! I would definitly recommend this seller if you want this phone!

This phone broke in 4 days. The charger piece inside the phone came right out with the charger. This happened to my wife's phone too. Same problem. We purchased a cradle charger to fix it but it didn't work. Save yourself the money and do not purchase this.

i had this phone in orange when it first came out... i loved it then and love it now!  if you want fancy this is not your phone but its durable! Have not tested the water capabilities on the new one yet... i work in and around water daily - with the orange one when it was new i tossed it into a 15 foot salt water pool and retrieved it several times... i used it for 3 years after.  i also went surfing with it!  I am a talk and text type phone user  onlyso this is perfect for me. I bought 2 just to have a back up because i am not happy with the basic phones available today and do not want a data plan.

I have one of these phones let me tell you this one is tough , I have put this phone through hell , I lost it at a boat ramp for about 30 min. in a bout 2 foot of water finally found it and it was still on and working. I have dropped it off top of a flat bed (about 13'6" high) picked it up turned it back on and made a call. if you need a tough phone this one is for you.
