
I had to replace my 2730 because it was giving me so many problems. With this phone i forgot about all the problems i had before. It is an awesome simple cell phone for the price. So far have been using it for a month and had no problems whatsoever. Good deal.

This phone is perfect for people who just want a simple phone with basic features but at the same time stylish. It is very simple to use and being a NOKIA it has a great design.

Beautiful little phone, but "little" is the key word - my fault, I should have never tried the "candybar" type.  The phone worked ok, but didn't meet my need, which was to link it via bluetooth to my homecordless (bluetooth) dect-6.0 housephone...the bluetooth wasn't even close to compatible.

I ordered this phone and paid for it on 7/16/11 ($49.99). I have just been charge for the same item again ($79.00)8/15/77. I did not order the item again.

The Nokia C1-01 Unlocked GSM Phone does exactly what it was made to do and it does it well.The phone was purchased several months ago and continues to operate, while taking it's share of beatings in our hot, humid climate, while continuously moving back and forth between the cold of IT Server Rooms and the outside heat. From being left in the car all day in the sun, from time-to-time, the Phone has also survived countless drops, from desk to floor, bed to floor, pocket to road drops. Yes, it does look beat-up, but...all the buttons are still in place and they all work. The only issue I am now seeing is the response time, going from home screen to whatever your choice, be it application or checking your address book. Not a big problem.There are no dropped calls issue or problems with the signal.The upper part of the phone heats up during long conversations, but this is to be expected and conversations were either transferred to speaker or ended to avoid too much RF exposure.Multimedia was not used.The phone is very good and you will not be disappointed in using this phone as your first or as a backup.There were no problems with Amazon or with the shipping of this product.

I bought this phone to use it abroad. To my surprise this phone never had a reception even I tried different working SIM cards, matter of fact I was in the heart of metropolitan cities and those SIM cards were working just fine with other hand-sets.So I visited a Nokia center to find the problem with phone and they told me that this phone is non-functional and can't be repaired abroad. As 30 days returning limit is already passed, I am really disappointed with this piece of crap I bought.Please dont buy from this seller  !

A typical Nokia product: Small, easy to use, nice features and great reception. It is great for someone like me who just wants a reliable &#34;dumbphone&#34; to make calls.

This is a splendid &#34;simple&#34; and user-friendly little phone..no bells and no whictles..but if one wants a telephone it cannot be beat!!

My wife wanted a simple phone, but T-Mobile mostly stocks smart phones and requires data plans.  This phone works really well, keeps its charge for over a week.  I just changed SIMs and it worked right away.

I purchased this phone in January and it has been working great so far.  It completely satisfies the role of a basic phone.  The call quality is very good, great battery life.  I purchased a 16GB card for only $25 and was able to move a lot of music into it.  For those who do not have smartphones, this is a good option instead of getting a "Free" basic phone from AT&T and being locked for 2 years.

I was looking for a phone to replace my Nokia 3100 which has been a diehard. After reading the first and only review i took a chance and could not be happier. What made it even better was my wife's excitement about the phone. She is not very exciteable. So it was a real plus when she told me that she really like the phone. I was just looking for a good basic reliable phone, and got many more features than expected. I knew that it had a music player, but the 5 mp camera was icing on the cake. If you're willing to spend more, I'm sure there are better phones. But thus far me and my wife are very satisfied!

Phone was much better than I expected.My husband isn't computer literate and this was the perfect phone.Very simple and easy to use, nothing really to figure out. This Nokia is very user friendly and really small. A really great phone for someone who isn't looking to surf the internet or do much texting. You can text it is just not something my husband does. Very user friendly.

Can't ask more, but it is enough for me.I like it.For daily use without browsing the web, it is pretty good to use

Dear friends AMAZON. Last month I asked for your website cellular phone Nokia brand, model C1-01. The phone arrived ok, but did not work because I work with the local operator (VENEZUELA) DIGITEL and the cell receiving only works with the local operators MOVILNET and Movistar. I made the claim concerned and very kindly said AMAZON another phone at no cost to me.Unfortunately I received the phone does not work with my operator. Then I communicate directly with the company NOKIA and my team told me "NO" is an original Nokia, as the serial number of my phone is not in the database NOKIA, besides the models "ORIGINAL" Nokia, its serial numbers beginning with 35 or 044 and mine starts with 01.So unfortunately not able to use my cell phone.There's something you can do? And the publicity should say "IS NOT A ORIGINAL NOKIA PRODUCTS".regardsDr. Antonio Pisano Bartolomeo

Phone worked amazing until my son dunked it in my glass of water and the rice trick failed to work.

Replaced an older Nokia with this one.  Only want to make a few calls a month and that is it for now, may start texting.  Just placed my SIM card from the old phone into this one and it worked immediately.  The manual is helpful.  It does receive texts since T-Mobile notifies me every month that they have received my payment so I know that works.  Have not tried the camera and haven't put a memory card in it.  With little use the first charge lasted three weeks, I love that about a Nokia phone.  Included in the box is a head set and a charger.  Just the basic phone I was looking for and have had it long enough to prove that it really works well, over a month since I purchased it.

Hi,I bought this phone to use in India. It is not able to find the signal from any operators in India. Looks like the phone is not unlocked. Could you please help me to fix this issue?Roshin

the phone worked for a month then it won't identify my network anymore!don't waste time buying this crap!

Pros:- Good reception and call quality.  While the reception wasn't as far-reaching as my Blackberry Bold, for a cheap phone it held up really well on AT&T;'s network and had bars even in the depths of large supermarkets where I'd had problems getting reception.  Call quality was exceptionally clear and crisp with no echo or interference.- Small candy bar body, lightweight.  It's plastic but it doesn't feel cheap.  Screen is nice and bright, clear and easy to read.- Texting on this phone was surprisingly easy -- the predictive texting was quite good and I have not had to correct it very often.- Easy to set up for AT&T;'s network for both voice and SMS/MMS.  Did not set it up for data use, so YMMV on that.- Like all dumbphones, extremely good battery life -- standby lasts for several days and I made 4 30+ minute phone calls without making a significant dent in the battery bars in one day.- Does conditional and unconditional forwarding if needed.- Navigation square button is very easy to use, the rim of the square are four separate directional buttons you can use in navigation as well.Cons:- Unlocking the screen is annoying and I can't seem to set it to something else --- have to click on the navigation square, pause a tiny bit, then hit *. If you do it too quickly or too slowly you'll have to repeat it.Conclusion: Fantastic for a cheap, unlocked GSM phone.  Can use for texting in a pinch, but I'm used to virtual/physical qwerties so it would obviously not be my number one choice.  The battery life, reception, and call-quality makes this my go-to phone for traveling overseas in GSM areas for use with prepaid SIMs.  I would have given it 5 stars if it had a slide-out keyboard + different unlock method instead, but that's kind of a farfetched wish for something this basic and cheap.

I purchased this item a year ago and I sent it to my brother in the Philippines. It says in the description that this is open line and can be used anywhere but unfortunately, we did not used it AT ALL as there is no program to unlock this phone. I am so much disappointed and I suggest you to put all the details of the items you are selling online so people will not expect much & won't mark you lying!

The phone was locked and I took it abroad. Totally useless. Not sure that it is the US version at all!

This phone is awesome. Bought this as a replacement for my Nokia 2720 - chose it mostly because it's one of the cheapest phones I could find.I've been pleasantly surprised by this phone. It's much faster than the 2720 (which took _forever_ to load text messages etc), it is light and sturdy, and it has useful features like bluetooth, a decent camera and texting in chat-like "conversation" mode.My only problem is that the keys are a bit small, but I'm sure I'll get used to this.Overall, fantastic value for money.

As other reviewers have said it before. If you only want a basic phone this model will do. I bought it for my mom who is not very keen on smartphones so I need it a good phone for making calls and taking pictures and so far this model has delivered. I'm using it outside the US so the GSM unlocked tag is true.

I needed a basic and reliable phone in a hurry and after much research, I took a shot on this Nokia C1-01. I'm happy with my choice and I can recommend this device to those seeking a similar solution for a cell phone. I don't need a smart phone, just something dependable that handles the basics well. By comparison, this phone is vastly superior to the Samsung Gravity it replaced, especially in terms of user experience.My phone arrived quickly and was in fact unlocked; it worked immediately with my T-mobile sim card. It's easy to use, easy to program, and the call quality is fine. Battery life is more than acceptable: I leave the phone on 24/7 and charge it twice a week at most. A nice bonus is the ability to use Micro SD cards for storage and the inclusion of a standard mini-plug input for headphones.This phone is well-made and serves its purpose more than adequately. I recommend it.

Every key stroke results in an unreasonable lag.  It might be because I'm using it with a 16GB SD card, but these lags make it almost unusable.

I wanted this phone to replace my older, super simple Nokia phone.  I have the 1600b, which I love, except that it doesn't recieve group MMS messages, so all my friends with iPhones think they have texted me, but they haven't.I was looking for another simple workhorse of a phone, but this phone fell far short.Construction: Instead of using the indestructable classic 'bar phone' designe, Nokia opted to use a thinner, flimsier design.  the phone was a touch lighter than the one I have, but it was very flimsy and felt cheap.Interface: For some reason, Nokia decided to revamp their super easy to use, classic OS for some other OS.  It was more complex and harder to use.  Nokia- what are you doing????Features: It made and recieved calls just fine, but they added in this camera. The camera was crappy.  If I wanted a camera phone, I would have gotten an new andriod.  don't include a terrible feature, just to have it.  Better to not have had a camera than to include one that didn't work.Final thoughts: As a simple, slightly upgraded phone from my workhorse classic Nokia, this phone is a failure.  If you are looking for a basic phone, buy the 1600.

This is an Ok low-end phone providing a low resolution screen and very basic features. You get what you pay for but don't expect too much or you will definitely be disappointed.

I bought this for my parents who live in india. It is not working at all... It says unlocked. but I doubt that. The tower itself not coming in India. Can any one help me?

not good at all. save your money. doesnt work at all. wasted my money and time buying this. please do not

This phone was just amazing no it was perfect! I am using a sim card from abroad so I can receive text messages from my husband and wow is this phone just perfect for all that. The phone didn't look "like new" it was new! I swear it was in perfect condition when I got it! This phone is easy to use I mean come on who needs a high-tech phone just to use a gsm sim card. It's extremely fun to use because of the fun size that it was made into. The phone is light and easy to handle the batteries are good I tried this phone out while I was abroad and decided to actually by it for myself. So the phone came in super fast so that was a bonus. So anyone who wants a simple phone that is easy to work with I say go for this nokia phone :D

buenas noches !! agradecida por su responsabilidad ! Llego justo a tiempo y el celular en perfecto estado ! gracias amazon

first, I bought this cellphone thinking that it is a dual sim phone. That is my fault...Second, when I first open the device, It gave me an eye sore. I just stared like a few seconds on the display and my eyes begins to hurt. If you are going to use it for texting, I highly suggest you buy another cellphone. This is somehow a good buy for people who just receives call and not wanting to stare a lot on the display...

I bought this phone for my 73 year old southpaw father. It has been a great success. Pop wanted a simple phone- he does not text, take pictures, or use any data features. The basic functions on this phone are perfect! the main reason for this phone choice was that it has no buttons on the edges. Pop is left-handed, and he was constantly cutting people off or reducing the volume with his thumb when he picked up the phone to answer. This phone has solved his biggest frustration. Thank You!

Good for people who want a phone without any other functions.It is a little heavier than expected. Sometimes, it is quite slow to response. But for the price, it is ok.

muy buen telefono ideal para mi papa que necesito un telefono sencillo pero bueno, es economico en amazon en comparacion como lo venden en mi pais. very good phone for my dad that I need a simple phone but hey, is economical as compared amazon sold in my country.

i bought nokia c1-01 gsm and it was not unlocked and i cant get to use it i purchased over 25 item so i deserve to be happy.

I had this model of cellphone several years ago and when it finally died, I upgraded.  I've not been happy since. When my newer phone finally bit the dust, I found this one on Amazon. I put in my sim card, charged the battery, and it worked great right off the bat.  The things that I like about this phone are its small size, ease of use, and excellent voice volume.  There are no bells and whistles here but I just need a phone for calls and the occasional text message.  My hearing is not as sharp as it was in my younger days (likely due to too many years of loud music!) and I find this phone's volume and reception to be excellent. I think this phone would be an excellent choice for older folks who don't want (or can't manage) a lot of fancy extras.

If you are looking at this phone, budget is obviously important for you. But value for money is where this phone scores. If you looking for a regular cheap phone for just calling and texting and which has a good battery life, then this phone is for you. And it comes with Nokia reliability. However don't expect the phone to have cool internet browsing features or apps or else you will be disappointed. I feel its a lot to ask from $49.

I bought this phone because I wanted a good basic phone & I have been very happy with Nokia phones in the past.  However, the picture quality is poor (so much that I do not use the camera).  Even worse is the screen that randomly blacks out.  There is no secret for getting it to light up again. The phone is still on, but nothing can be seen. I really want to get rid of it and buy a better phone... and I will never get back near what I spent for it, even though it is fairly new.

I thought this was unlocked GSM 900/1800 MHZ (compatible with Europe standards), so I bought it as gifts for my nephews in Russia. However, It didn't work, so this purchase is useless. Phones will be back to US in August and I think I will be out of my return period :(.

I have found Nokia's basic phones to be extremely reliable, I've had a few of them over the years and they have consistently lasted much longer than other brands I've owned.  I can't speak to Nokia's smartphones as I've never owned one. The C1-01 is a great phone for someone who just needs the bare basics on their cell phone - Talk, basic texting, and alarm clock.  The camera is mediocre, and really not worth using because of the poor image quality.  I typically only have to charge the battery 1-2 times per week.  It has been dropped on numerous occasions with no problems.  If you need a simple, reliable phone this is a good option for you, however, if you tend to enjoy more bells and whistles, you'll most likely be disappointed in this one.

good cellphone ,just what you need ,when you want to save some money,fully unlocked ready to be taken overseas for traveling

El tel&eacute;fono es sencillo pero con todo lo que se necesita...The phone is simple but with everything you need..

I'll be the first 2-star review. This is definitely a bare-bones basic phone. But if a phone has a camera, I expect that I should be able to send picture texts. I got this to replace another Nokia phone. I figured since this was a newer model, it should have picture message capabilities. Not so!! No picture texts, and to me that is a basic functionality. Other than that, it's a decent phone. But I'm sending it back because I can't live without picture texts.

Thanks for the GSM unlocked Nokia cell phone.  I live in a rural area where 3G service is difficult.  An GSM phone works better than newer cell phones.

Product arrived promptly, and was as described. I only charge it once a week which is incredible. I has died on me once, and that was after a week and a half of not charging it. If you do not own this phone, you are missing out on the future of technology.

Is easy to use. The camera is good for a simple phone. The sound is crisp. Phone is a very complete. Excellent phone!!

As always, Nokia leads the way in simple, reliable performance that blows the competition out of the water.  My battery life, after a few months of use, is 6-7 days, with moderate phone and text use (1500 texts/mins a month), and reception is great.  Products like this one fit perfectly with my lifestyle.  Unlocked, so it can be my phone in the States or in Chile or other countries on the Americas GSM Standard, and with a predictable enough long haul battery life that I can take 5 day trips without packing my charger.

If you walk into a T-Mobile store these days, you will have a hard time finding a basic phone.If you are looking for a basic phone, and you don't want an Internet plan, this is a perfect upgrade.  You get core functionality, with some of the newer essentials like better ringer sounds, BlueTooth and a camera.Nothing fancy, for people who just want to use their phone to make calls.

I won't recommend this item to any one. I am not sure how old this item was when I bought it as new..... however long story short..... The display screen is gone able to get calls however very low voice quality..... its just a peace of crap waste of money......

The loudspeaker option is useless and the electronics are more 90's then 2000's but I guess I got what I paid for.

not unlocked for all bands 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

This is the second time I have purchased this phone. The first time was for use in Africa but I found out that it was not opened for use in that part of the world which was a disappointment. This time I needed it for use with my simple mobile. It works well but unfortunately I cannot access the internet which is a negative. Overall, I like the phone and it serves it purpose. It is simple, the volume is excellent and I can also store my music on a microchip which does not come with the phone, but which I bought separately. Hope this helps.

Excellent phone but my better half did not go for it.That's the only reason for returning it.Found a big numbers-unlocked-GMS model : *just5- which I anticipate will do the trick. (J509)Just arrived in the mail.

I am using this phone with Consumer Cellular. They sent me a free slim card and I called the 800 number and was up and running in minutes. I have better signal at home then when I use my HTC Incredible or my Motorola 715 flip phone. I live in a fringe area and the signal is constant instead of dropping to low. We are using it as a phone only. It is a good basic phone of good quality. It lasted on standby for 4-5 days without charging or talking. Talk quality and sound is very good. I like paying $15.00 a month.

Unfortunately,  I heard from my friend that this phone was LOCKED!!  My friend took it with her to Congo.  And now she is unable to use it!!  She will not be returning to the United States.Could the distributor of Nokia C1-01 GSM Phone give me a code to unlock the phone that I could pass onto my friend in the Congo?? She has said that someone there would be able to then use this code to permantly unlock the phone.  PLEASE HELP!Thank you!

Compact & simple. Menu still like authentic c series. Previous users particular with the UI will have no problems. Has not gone out of the country yet though - reason why I got this.

The Nokia C1-01 I purchased has really delivered everything that was promised. Battery easily lasted the 200 hours even after talking on it for a few hours during that time period. Fit and finish are high quality, Conversations are crystal clear, menu is easy to read and navigate,excellent reception. If you need a phone to actually use as a phone this would be a great choice. Pick up a SIM card from a wireless provider and you're ready to go.

I had a very old version of Nokia basic cell phone and I was very happy very it. When I started shopping a new one, Nokia was my first option without hesitation. I still only wanted to get a basic one since touch screen had never been my friend. That is why I picked this one because I thought after-sale service would not be a problem since the seller was Amazon. The sound quality problem which this phone had was out of my imagination. When I first started, I could hear it sounded like I was in a very big empty space. People couldn't hear me clearly. Phone is used to make conversations. Sound quality is the most important feature. I had to return it.

This phone is terrible. In the first few days a white screen came on and off. Aftertwo weeks the phone was on useable. A white screen kept showing up. The provider of the phoneis in the process of fixing. It has been well over a week and they have not contacted me.

This phone was purchased -like new- from a seller on Amazon.  The menus are straight forward.  My personal opinion is that Nokia's menus are the easiest to use.The battery on this phone records a long time.  I made a video recording (3gp) the other day-off a fully charged battery- which recorded for 7 (seven) hours.  The battery will record audio (amr) for 10 to 15 hours without the ac adapter being plugged into the electric.The point is that there are no time limits on the recordings.  You end the recording manually or the battery runs out.And, if you record while the ac adapter is plugged in and have a large size micro sd card you could probably record for a couple of days.Ok, I'm a gadget person.The phone will hold up to a 32 gb micro sd card.  With the usb cable, transferring data to a pc is time consuming.  Better to use the adapter card that comes with micro sd card if your computer has a slot for it.The backlighting won't turn off when recording video.  Probably some way to achieve this which I haven't had time to figure out.Most cell phone companies have sim cards which will work in this phone.  Even cdma companies.  You must contact them.  Perusing the company web site is best but time consuming, however, its good to see the info in writing.  Check it out.Best

I purchased this phone refurbished from Amazon for about 30% less than the new price.  I am pleased with my purchase, but would not be if I had spent full price.  First the positives: Cheap, lightweight, good battery life, sound quality seems good, fairly loud speakerphone, and camera.  I had to contact t-mobile and they give you a setting under your "personal configuration" that is required to get MMS working (pic messages).  This took 2 attempts, as the first time T-mobile said they didn't know how to fix this and I needed to contact Nokia, which was not true.  They are not used to dealing with unlocked phones.  The negatives? The screen is too small and low resolution for pic messages to show up well.  I don't think this is a problem with the camera as much as the cheap screen, as picture messages received from other people still show up fuzzy on the tiny screen.  The camera resolution is several times what the screen can display.  I purchased this phone to replace a bare bones Nokia that did not have pic messaging, and this barely does the job.  Next time I would buy something a little nicer.  Another problem is that my third party headset does not seem to work (the other party cannot hear me) but the included Nokia headset does.  So apparently they use a proprietary headset.  I would like a phone a little nicer than this.  The only problem is the C2 has the same low res screen, and the C5 costs $170, so there is not really a good option.  Overall, I have an ipod touch plus this phone, and it is great for talking and having good battery life, so together I am satisfied.

I bought this phone for my son and my son wrote this review.This is a nice simple and  basic phone.  I really like using it a lot. It is small, durable lightweight and easy to use . I would  suggest this phone for anyone who is looking for a  basic phone. Awesome product!

The phone is very good for the price. The lack of a volume rocker on the side isglaring and it can be very frustrating when trying to change the volume during calls.

I bought this phone for my Mum. I like it 'cos its no frills and I expect it will serve her well with basic stuff like make and receive calls.

easy to use,  the voice is clear but when I put it in the speaker it is not loud. If you like to use the headset, the voice is great.  The battery stay for a long time. The screen is clear to see.I don't like the way the alarm work. After it finish ringing the first time,  it doesn't ring again unless I click snooze. I had older Nokia and the alarm ring without keep clicking snooze.

This is a TERRIBLY ADVERTISED PRODUCT. The phone is NOT unlocked!!!! I took this phone to South Africa and purchased a South African SIM card and the phone DOESN'T WORK! This is very frustrating and I'm afraid there is no way to demand a refund. Very poor service on Amazon's part.

I just wanted to give a thumbs up to this phone. It is simple and so easy to use and for an affordable price too. thanks to Amazon and Nokia for a good buy!!!!!!!!!

I picked this guy up after my beloved Samsung T-509 (it won't let me product link it) started to die after five years of trusty service. My last few phones had been Samsungs, but I didn't find one that was cheap enough for what I wanted.I just needed a simple phone I could use for my T-Mobile service. I don't web browse on my phone. I don't really use my phone that much to begin with actually, so while I had a normally billed plan, I was planning on switching to prepaid as I discovered it was $10/mo cheaper, and didn't lock me into a contract. My first ever cell phone(s) were Nokias, so I figured I'd go back to my roots and pick this one up.Long story short, it does exactly what I hoped it'd do. All I needed it for is calling and occasional texting. While I don't find the texting to be quite as intuitive as it was on my previous Samsung phones, in all fairness I have to concede that that might be due to the fact that I'd had Samsung phones for several years, and my first forays into texting were on them - they were all I ever knew.The only gripe I have with this phone, besides the aforementioned texting learning curve, is that there's just a tiny bit of lag time for it to execute a command. It's not terrible, but it is noticeable. Oh, and the camera isn't much. I daresay my old T-509 had a better camera, and it was five years old! But then again, I wanted a basic phone, that is what I paid for, and that his what I got.What I like about the phone:Battery life - I'm not sure if the claimed 10.6 hrs of talk time is accurate, but it is a solid batteryMicroSD - I can put pictures and music and whatnot on there, and use them as my background, or ring tones (free, simple, and unlimited possibilities), or play them through headphones (standard head phone jack!)Radio - A feature I'll probably never use, but is kinda cool. You HAVE to have the headphones plugged in for the radio to work as they are the antenna, but reception was surprisingly solid when I was testing it. However, you can't play songs from the radio on speakerphone for all to enjoy the way you can with songs off the MicroSD card.Small - Fits in my jacket pockets well, the keys autolock to avoid too many pocket dials.I had no trouble getting it to work with my T-Mobile service. I just popped in my SIM card and it worked. I did have to call T-Mobile tech support to have them help me with SMS messages, which weren't going through or coming in. They had to send me some text that wrote some settings to the phone's memory, but it was quick and painless. It also survived the conversion to prepay and is working just fine on that plan now. For $50 I'm fairly satisfied.

If you are looking for just a good cheap phone then you will be very pleased with this one. Sound quality is good, reception is typical and battery life good. One review that complained about the speaker being used for the ringer has not been a problem for me. You really can't hear the caller unless you have the phone to your ear, at least no more so than any other phone. The little slot cut on the outside for the ringer sound is easily covered with your finger while you are on the phone if it really concerns you, not a deal breaker for me.It has a few extra hidden gems that will surely please. One for me is the FM radio sounds great with a good pair of ear buds or headphones. You auto scan for stations and then select previous or next station to switch. Note that the USB connector is a micro type B port connection, not the mini type B that you find on most cameras and hard drives. Just search for a USB micro cable and buy one if you plan to connect the phone to your computer.

i like this phone because it have charger and headphone jack are different so you can talk when phone is in charging. good plus point is it has long talk time battery so ones you fully charge phone then you can talk more then 5 hours.

We got this phone to use as a phone, for emergencies or short calls. It works fine. No complaints with either it or the vendor, it arrived as expected and it works.

is the nokia mobile phone I wanted, the only thing is excellent I arrived after the estimated time. thaks so much

es un buen telefono con funciones basicas de fasil uso, no le doy 5 estrellas ya que anteriormente tube el nokia 5200, el cual es excelente y presenta opciones que este no posee a pesar de ser mas nuevo, de todas formas me encanta todo lo que es nokia por su fasil manejo.

The only thing I don't like about it is tht You cannot block calls with it.Other than that, it has served me well.It's small, and I use it with tmobile prepaid.  It has saved me a lot of money.

This phone is your basic phone for your basic needs. my only problem is it doesn't recognize that i have a data plan from t-mobile so i cant use the browser. all in all the phones is awesome for the money.

This is a great little phone if you like the candy bar format (as I do). While it's great to have a camera, radio, mp3 player, qwerty keyboard nearby, to me the most important feature of phone is how is functions as a phone.  This one is perfect for making and taking phone calls on. As silly as that may sound, I cannot say enough how much I abhor trying to hold an I-phone up to my ear for any length of time.  It just doesn't feel right. This one has a great feel to it.  Very sleek and discreet. Big clean display relative to overall size. Nice audio quality and still slips into your shirt pocket without you even knowing it's there.  ATT has informed that I will have to get a different phone as they will be shutting down their 2G network in May.  Hopefully this one still works.

This is a no-frills phone. Battery life is decent, and the construction seems durable. I bought this phone to replace the standard issue ATT hua wei phone. The latter was simply unusably bad: terrible battery life, key lock didn't work. The Nokia is a modest step up in features (I think it plays mp3s and has an FM radio), but it is a huge step up in quality.

The phone is a Nokia so you know it's good but because it is not a "T-Mobile" many of my functions don't work. That sucks. I never knew just how much I like 'multi media'.

Phone is very basic which was fine.  Has a video recorder and camera but you can not text the pic/vids once you take them.  I didn't even know that was an unavailable option on any phone. VERY light weight. Ordered this phone for my Dad and it was just too small and delicate for him =) Amazon was VERY helpful and responded quickly to my emails.  They sent a return label and are refunding in full.

It is said to have been unlocked but it cannot work with other carriers outside the US, while my Nokia C2 can. There is something wrong with it, It occasionally freezes itself and clears all the contacts saved in the phone, and often says &#34;call not allowed&#34;. Signal reception is not good.

I bought this phone 3 days back and liked it very much.Liked:- Easy to setup- East to use and navigate- light weightSo far this phone is good and recommend if anyone looks for a basic phone.

I purchased one of these phones in Jan. 2013 and after a few months I could no longer send text messages. I could receive text messages but just could not send any. At the same time I noticed I could not receive multi-media messages either. I thought something was wrong with the phone so I bought another one and had the same problem. I could not send texts or receive multimedia messages. I thought maybe there was something wrong with my sim card so I contacted my wireless carrier AT&T and they checked out both phones and told me the reason they did not work properly was because they were not US version phones but International phones. Sometimes they may work properly in the beginning but can continue to fail later on like the first one I got. The second one I got had this problem immediately. Unfortunately for me I cannot get a refund for my phones because by the time I found out what was wrong with them it was too late to get my money back. There should be a way to get my money back, because this is not fair to me. And it is a shame because I love these phones. As of now, I still use them, just can't send text messages...what a bummer.

I really don't need a smartphone, just a basic cell phone for occasional use.  My old Nokia 6030 was on its last legs, so I got this, put in my t-mobile SIM card and was up & running.The music player, radio and Bluetooth connectivity are nice to have.  A micro USB cable is necessary for backing up the phone or copying music via PC, but easily available on Amazon (kindle cable should work).I disabled text messages on my plan, so no comment on that.

The Nokia C1-01 does what I need it to do.  The FM radio is a major feature.  Navigation is somewhat awkward.  I like it.

This cell phone did not work outside US. Wasted my $50. The product says GSM unlocked.Not sure whether its problem with just this piece.

Bought the phone for my dad. He likes it. It fits in his pocket very easily. No complains from him, which is always a good thing. Would recommend for people who do not want to switch to smartphone.

Order process was easy and delivery was prompt. Just plugged in my sim card and everything was up and running in minuets.This is a basic phone, just what she wanted. Has a very long battery life and clear sound. Highly recommend for basic phone .

not recommended. The volume is very low. You can't lock the phone. It's ok for a kid/starter phone. Not for adult.

HiI spent my money on this cel phone as my mom needed a not super modern device.. my surprise was that the cell phone does not have enough signal to keep our operator.. is useless.. doesn't work.. I'm really dissapointed .. I live in Costa Rica and whenever the device feels in the mood.. grasp the signal (1 minute) the rest of the day is just an extra weight in my mom's bag..I lost my money. :(

This phone is beautiful and its weight is light. I can use bluetooth, radio, world clock and many more functions. The only bad thing is that we can add one alarm. But all in all this phone is great.

Bought this phone when travelling to Ghana with the intention of using it with a local SIM. It turned out that the phone wasn't unlocked for Ghana. Now I have a phone I cannot use and don't need and the return period is over. Anybody knows how I can unlock this phone for use in Ghana? Thanks.

I agree with "Andy", the C1-01 is a good basic phone. I bought this phone in 2011 for $49.99, it is $10 more now (2012). The battery seems to last a very long time. The phone has a minimal camera, but do not expect to take detailed photos - the result is very "grainy". In sum, a reliable, compact, and dependable phone with a relatively long battery life.

I am a Nokia girl.  Every phone I have had in the last ten years has been a Nokia so when my trusty flip phone started dropping every other call, I had to upgrade.  In between ordering and receiving my new Nokia, I used a wretched Samsung, which I hated, but it never dropped calls.  Finally received my phone and for the first few weeks it was perfect!  Then it slowly started dropping calls, and I mean MOST calls.  AT&T has re-set the phone 4 times and it still is dropping calls.  Very, very bummed out!  Talked to a few friends that have used Nokia's and they all say the same thing, it is the phone and not the service.  I am going to give it a few more weeks and see if it continues, but then will have to accept defeat.  What happened Nokia?

Hey, you get what you pay for. In this case a fully functional, feature-loaded, little phone. The interface is Nokia so I, being from the U.S., find it more than a little clumsy but my wife, who is Israeli and used to Nokia products, loves it. She travels internationally and this phone is unlocked so she can switch the SIM card with reckless abandon! And if it gets lost it's not as traumatizing as losing a high-end smart phone.

I bought this cell phone for my mom, but it is very slow, the interface is the only thing good about it. It doesn't have a memory slot, sometimes I call somebody and then I realize Im calling another person.. This phone is sometimes crazy. I didn't like it.

Unfortunately, with the GSM operator able to use a phone other than the USA.I can't be returned.Far away from my country and family.I'll not shop any more.FYI,

I was looking for an unlocked cell phone for my son for Christmas.  I searched several sites and spent at least two weeks reading product reviews.  Not all unlocked phones are compatible with my cell phone service, so it was important that I get this right.  I liked the appearance and options this phone offered and because I trust Amazon, I decided to buy it.My son loved the phone the minute he opened it and it worked perfectly.  Two days later, however, it became unregistered.  I contacted our service provider and the customer service representative thought it might be the phone.  That made no sense to me since it had worked for two days.  She brought a supervisor into it, and after a couple of downloads to the sim card, the phone turned on and has been working beautifully ever since.The phone has a one year manufacturer's warranty.  I hope that we never have to take advantage of it, and at this point in time I would have to say that this phone was an excellent deal for the price.

liked the feel and button handling...returned this item only for the fact the user interface looked rather cheap and a step down. get the C2. PS for me cell phones are NO or Nokia for the last 15+ years

The phone I bought for my father, and is excellent for because its operation is very simple, the keys and the numbers are large, and the sound is clear. Especially for seniors. He is very happy with your new phone.

product has performed as expected.  I purchased it several years ago and it hasn't disappointed me, although now some minor things are going wrong.

Just got the phone, installed the battery according to the instructions. The charge indicator had two bars when the screen lit up. However 20 seconds into it, the screen went completely blank and has remained that way since. I am returning this POS ASAP. If I could I would rate it zero stars.

I have order this phone twice and they keep sending me the wrong phone and to make it wrose I send this phone to Costa Rica and it will take to long to send it back I did sent an e-mail telling them what I need and still they sent me the wrong phone,I had order two other phone before and no problem but this time everything was wrong.Thank you.

Although I have not used the phone yet because it was delivered without a memory card. The phone does turn on and key up really fast. The is a nice size and can support a 32GB memory card.Once I receive a memory card I'll be able to give a better review.

It's nice but if you live in Venezuela is pending can not be used for Digitel line. You have to be careful with the GSM number of each telephone company in Venezuela

This phone was a nice replacement for my aunt's broken Nokia phone. It's a quality phone that felt good and looked great! If you need a phone to just be a phone, this is a good choice.

The phone I received is not unlocked as promised. Since I live overseas it is very costly and imprectical to return it. The bottom line is: I wasted $59.95

Compradores de latino america, amazon es la mejor tienda electr&oacute;nica para comprar!!!, todo el producto llega en excelentes condiciones... cuidado con las aduanas de sus paises porque ahora estan limitando la entrada de celulares. En el caso de Ecuador solamente puedes traer 5 en el a&ntilde;o y en un solo envio. OjoSaludos

The cellphone didn't have this technical detail: Unlocked dual-band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/1900. And obviously is not working on my country, Costa Rica. It's very bad to have to return it and lost money with returning the cellphone.

So everyone has an angle.I want new things all the time, and my dad... not so much. I bought him this phone a while ago... jeez a long while ago now. It works perfectly, I can back it up by sending all his contacts to my Mac via bluetooth, and it rings pretty darn loud. Frankly, thats all I care about. Now I can take all his upgrades, which I do. Phone is great, buy it.

hi , i ollready take my fone , but i need mastercode , becose i cant start using this fone , becose my network do not working , i need MASTERCOD for this fone.

Great little basic Cellular Phone. Allows one to do embarassing things, like talking to another person. Sound quality is good, Loudspeaker on-board and a simple camera too. Dialing digits are big and there are many features available. If you prefer a Dumb Phone instead of a Smart Phone...........this is the one for you. =:)

This is an outstanding little phone packed with features. I like mine very much and recommend it to anyone who wants a simple easy to operate small light weight phone/PDA with a camera and internet access for email etc.

the item is ok and it has the basic feature I need. There is one issue with the cel that I cannot use it on the island because it's GSM is not appropiate.

the phone i bought is not able to conect in Costa rica.so it is totally useless for me.it is unlocked Gsm but not working here.

I bought 2 phones, one for my spouse and I.  Was looking for a basic phone this phone is perfect.  Easy to use,and compact, the battery takes a very good charge.  The only thing I wish they would have included car chargers.

Work great, I only need this for Bussine propose, if you need cheap phone to make and text this is right for you.

I bought his unlocked phone to take back to Malaysia for my son to use but somehow it doesn't work at all even with the sim card we put in. The Nokia unlocked phone I bought before this one was working just fine when I took it back to Malaysia and never give me any problem so I don't what's wrong with this C1-01 it's same brand and also it's an unlocked phone but it just doesn't work in Malaysia.

I purchased this, taking for granted that almost all phones today are either tri or quad band phones (my mistake), which this is not. This is dual band phone only working with the GSM 850/1900 bands, limiting the use of this phone outside US (Operating frequency could/SHOULD have been mentioned on Amazon).Giving it 3 star neutral evaluation, as I haven't been able to test it out. Not the phone's problem that it is only dual band, but Amazon's failure not giving minimum required specifications.

I like this phone much better than the previous one I had...a $10 disposable from the same company that had such poor audio quality that I was never sure if the person on the other end was looking for me or had dialed a wrong number. This phone worked straight out of the box with AT&T prepaid plan. Just slipped in the sim card and I was ready to go. I haven't gotten the data plan to work on it yet, but then again I haven't tried very hard (internet search results suggest that I need some code text installed and it should work) as I wanted this as a basic phone anyway. Great little phone, good audio quality, the AM/FM radio gets great reception and is nice to have now and then. All in all, I'm very pleased.

Phone is great for the money Ca $50, except that is slow. I am Nokia user and this is slow. The simple comand given to call last number with Green phone buttom it takes min 6 sec. With my prevouse Nokias was immidiate.The writing names to phones is similar with Erricson option of picking the letter. Also waste of time and energy.This is what I don't like in this phone other than it is OK.

It doesn't work'cause the tecnology is diferent.I waste the money.I diceded to buy this'cause I wanted better signal.

I like the size and shape and battery life, but for some reason this phone will not send SMS text messages.  The camera is about .5 megapixel and slow and blurry.  I would not recommend buying this phone.

I like my little Nokia phones because they are small and work well.  But this one didn't work for me...twice.

I ordered this item for a one-month bicycle tour of French-Italian-Swiss Alps where power will often be unavailable. The Nokia website specified 10.5 hours of talk time, but sneaked in a quote of a better battery not supplied in this package. The better battery is 1080 milli-Amp-hours, the standard is 800 milli-Amp-hours. The better battery needs the more powerful AC10U charger.This charger has a miniUSB plug. But the C1-01 cell phone does not charge through the USB port. So long story made short is that this item is not as advertised, hopefully everyone will read this review, and it will function as a warning. Also the Amazon website for the phone does show in a sidebar that this phone is not for Europe, even though it has the 900/1800 frequencies used in Europe.Be warned, dual-band phones may not work in Europe. Make sure you have, at least, a tri-band or better a quad-band phone to avoid a horrible surprise when you get to Europe and your phone does not work there. Even before the C1-01 arrived, I ordered the Nokia C2-01.5 which does charge through the USB port, has a better camera, and is both GSM and CDMA compatible. Amazon refunded the full $78.95 that I paid. Part of this is shipping cost. Some international SIM card providers do not list the C1-01 as compatible with their SIM cards, because the C1-01 is not compatible with European GSM. Considering the small difference in price of these two phones, it might be better to delete the C1-01 from the Amazon offerings to avoid the problem I had.
