
When the item arrived I was so excited to have a phone again! But I put the battery in and plugged it up and NOTHING happened it Doesn't work AT ALL! Now I am Still without a phone Thanks to Ross Cellular! I am returning it and Not ordering any Electronic device from a third party seller Ever Again!

I love to have unlocked phone so that i can used it international but what i get was not like that.

Its okay but it still has a few issues like other phones. screen freezes, freezes somestimes when surfing the internet.

This phone is really horrible. It is near impossible to text on and the calls are ALWAYS dropped! The camera is garbage and the internet functions are limited, this is clearly an outdated phone. I got it as a short term replacement for a broken smart phone and I regret it!

I'm not sure if it is because this was a used phone, or if the phone is just junk to  begin with, but this phone is miserable. It is SO slow. The phone can't keep up with any thing I do. It has trouble keeping up with something as simple as typing. I have to constantly open task killer to free up a little memory to make this phone usable.  The camera doesn't even have a Flash. Makes picture taking useless 50% of the time. I would NOT recommend this piece of junk to a friend.

when i narrowed the search to sim card this phone was still avaliable why is that im on at&t and im looking for a wifi phone sim card and under $110

i bought one of these used about a year after it came out,  and that will be going on two years this coming june.  read lots of mixed reviews , but in general i've been very pleased. not the fastest phone out there for sure, but it works well, has decent battery life unless you are surfing the web for prolonged periods of time.  reasonable expectations are required for a reasonably good phone. if there weren't newer faster phones out there in the used and reconditioned market i'd buy it again . i'll keep this as a spare when i upgrade to an incredible or and incredible 2 .

no speakers. Diodes can screw up just like circuits. I do not like any cell phone owned by verizon or any of the so called big names. I just like smart phones, not contract phones.

Phone mother board went dead.  Lost all my photos all my contacts all my APPs.  How horrible.  What a waste of a lot of money.

I bought this phone because it was less expensive than fully replacing my shattered Motorola. But I've had it only a few weeks, and the charger has lost one of its prongs. I've never seen a charger lose a prong before! Since it's an odd charger, I can't just use one of the others I have around the house. A Garmin charger will fit, but I'd have to be driving to use that.

I should of just bought a new phone the description  said 90 some% good but it was more like. 90% bad, after having it flashed we had it activated for my daughter, and since she's had it she's. Only been able to make a couple calls on it because no one can hear each other and she can't send any text to my phone because they all fail, if she sends a picture message, you can expect it days later this was a very bad choice and a waste of money now I have to get her a phone that actually works.

still learning everything on it but i do like the phone . looking forward to using it more and learning all the other features it has

Quick Pros & ConsProGreat SpeakersDecent picture qualityBattery life is decentConsTouch screen is the worst I've ever usedSlow response timeMost apps don't work on itSpace fills up quick and apps don't download to sd cardI pretty much use this phone as an mp3 player, it's about all it's good for. I can listen to pandora or my own music for hours without it dying and the speakers are great. That about does it for the pro.If you are looking at this phone I'd highly suggest buying a $20 basic phone because that is 10x better than this, you can at least know you'll be able to text, and with a bit of practice you'll be typing far faster than you ever would with this. You'll waste your money on an expensive bill since you have to have internet on this phone but you won't be able to use it that effectively.I haven't been able to install many apps on here, and whether you want to game or you want to do business stay far, far away from this phone, there are plenty of better phones that might cost a bit more but it's worth it to not get the headache. I'm a pretty chill person, but I've wanted to throw this phone into the wall more than once.Now for the music, while I like it for listening to music and audiobooks it still takes a full minute to get it to play any of them, since first you have to deal with the unresponsive screen and then deal with the slow responsive phone, it could take a minute just to get to the application and another minute for it to start playing anything after you've hit play, and I'm not exaggerating.

I really thought this was gonna be a good first smart phone but its not at all its very complicated to use and the directions do not help at all over all its fast enternet speed was the best part but other then that there was nothing else good or easy to do on this phone at not only that you cant use backup assitant on this device so inless ur syncing your contacts with facebook,microscoft,or googel accounts then your entering all of them by hand witch takes forever not a good first smart phone at all :(

First of all, I am very sad, that the Mobile I buy, it was not according to my requirement.This mobile doesn't works in Pakistan, as it was without Sim.And the seller didn't mentioned there.So it was just useless for me. There must be proper and complete information for every product.

the phone isnt too bad, until a month in, then it slows down to a crawl. at most times its very slow and unresponsive, every once in a great while it works okay. then there is unresponsive touch screen/ calling function. you touch the contact you want to call, it highlights green, and then does nothing. it might call the person in a few seconds or it might call them five times ten minutes from the moment you first attempted. Now, after putting up with this annoying crap for a few months, it just died on me and will not start up. it is frozen on the screen with the android logo. I know this is a old phone, so i am just putting this out there, do not buy this phone because it is old and will not work for very long. i bought it as a replacement phone and now i need another replacement phone (also, i usually take great care of my electronics, the only reason that i needed this phone in the first place is because i lost my old phone in a rare moment of stupidity)

Many other reviewers have suggested that this phone is ok for light use.  I agree.I've had this phone for a year and a half now, and it's really frustrating to use, because it has gotten SO SLOW.  Sometimes I have to wait like 30 seconds for it to switch screens.  I sometimes get a message saying I'm low on space, so I bought a card that was twice as big...but 2 weeks later I'm back to having the same problem again.  I'm constantly having to force quit to get out of applications so that it will speed up a little.  Sometimes I have to take the battery out to get the phone to turn off, because it becomes unresponsive.  Not the best.Sometimes I'll click to call someone, but the screen hasn't updated yet (SLOW!) and so it actually ends up calling someone else.  The Internet browser frequently crashes.I had an iphone before this, and overall I like the Android platform better...but my husband has the Droid X and his always does things faster than my phone.  Obviously, since this is an Android, everything works perfectly with Google stuff.  That's nice.The pictures and video are decent, but lately my camera has been doing something weird where many of the pictures come out blurry when I upload them.If you just want something basic, this will probably work fine for you!  On the other hand, my father-in-law also got an Eris when I got mine, and although he is great with technology he HATES his phone.  So, maybe it's just best to choose something else.

As long as all you use this phone for is phone calls, your battery might last half the day. I can not and would not purchase this phone again if I had the choice.

I had a Palm and discovered that there are not a whole lot of apps available for it, so I wanted an Android phone instead.  Found this one but was wary with the reviews saying how horrible battery life is and how slow it is, but I've had my phone for a month now and I have had no problems with it.  I've used a Motorola Droid X before (my bf has one) and I don't think the Eris is any difference in speed of opening programs, etc, as that phone (except for angry birds, it won't work, but I got aggrevated at the game on the Palm so it's no skin off my nose).  The battery life is actually amazing, compared to the Palm I had. The secret is to condition the battery when you first get it (the Android forum explains this, just charge it fully and discharge it fully, to 15%, three or four times in a row).  I did this and now one charge can last me anywhere from two to three days, which is great for what is basically a small computer, depending on how much I use it during the day.  2 days is for medium usage, three is when I'm busy at work and can't do much on the internet or play games during the day (stupid work!).  Another secret is to make sure you aren't getting the "Time without a signal" problem, that will drain the battery quicker, like only lasts  12 hours. The fix for that is easy though (plug it in, go into airplane mode, unplug it, get out of airplane mode and then turn the phone completely off, then back on; i did this once and it's been fine ever since).  It's also a very nice size, a balance between small enough to fit in a pocket (unlike the Droid X, which is huge in my opinion) and large enough to have a nice screen for internet surfing. I very much recommend this phone if you don't want to pay as much for an android phone as the motorola droid.

I've used this phone for over a week and I'm fed up! I like the phone's functionality although the first phone I received had dead spots on the touch screen and frequently froze up. Had the seller send a replacement and all the functions work as long as I'm within reach of a charger or USB cord. I've gotten maybe 10 hours of standby time on a full charge. I thought the problem was that the phone shows no signal bars in my office where I'm lucky to get 6 hours from it. Then I read other people's reviews and see that my battery life is typical. The battery life makes the phone fairly useless to me unless I can plug into my laptop or car charger. Very frustrating. I've got a Blackberry also--also on the Verizon network--and it always receives a signal and I can go 2 or 3 days without recharging it! One reviewer got better battery life by keeping the phone in airplane mode, but that's the equivalent of having a video game, not a phone, in my pocket. I was trying to use this phone until my plane allows me to upgrade to an Iphone in May, but I'm not going to be able to wait. Maybe I'll by a reconditioned Blackberry to last me until May. Sorry HTC but this phone doesn't cut it!

There are many, and I mean MANY, negative reviews out about this phone. However, you have to know what you're buying. Does this droid run like the new iphone? No. However, is it a reasonably priced decent smart phone? Absolutely! Here are some of the reasons I love it:1. Easy to Use and customizeFrom the first moment I turned it on, I went through a sort of "tutorial" that allowed me to become familiar with the phone and calibrate it for my touch :). Also the very first day I started customizing it, with the easy of access Market widget programmed into the phone you can easily download apps to customize the look of your phone.2. Decent Battery TimeDoes the battery last forever? No, but in this day and age what does? Realistically this battery is amazing, I use my phone as a mp3 player- which it has great sound quality and easy to use music functions like shuffle and repeat and create playlists and other good stuff- and I like to play solitare whilst listening to my music and I'll do this for hours before my battery even thinks about moving. After like 3 hours of that plus another 2 hours of messaging and talk time with background sync and apps running (which you don't have to have your setting work like this but I prefer it to just so I can stay current with all of my updates) the battery will be a little low. However if its just on and I'm no really doing anything then it will last like a little over a day without neeeding to be charged.ConsSometimes it can run a little slow especially when I have messages coming in at once and I'm listening to music at the same time.The phone gets hot- like burn your face if you're talking for more than an hour hot- as for why it does this I'm not sure... However, I find if I pull it away for about 30 seconds it cools down, maybe its just my face? Maybe it because I'm hot ;)... Other than that enjoy the phone especially because mine was brand spanking new for only 40 bux :D

Horrible, Horrible, HORRIBLE. this was the biggest waste of money, horrible battery, horrible lagging, crappy camera (have yet to figure out how to send videos!), touch screen barely ever works. takes forever to start up when turning on. when calling, it freezes up, calls people twice and puts one line on hold, can not play games, internet is slow. ive only had this phone for a few months. cant wait for my upgrade in may!

After two months the phone stopped charging which is after the return policy expired. the phone could not download some of the popular apps instagram, kick and snapchat. should have gone with an iPhone.

its pretty fast and the mousepad thing stops working after a while so be gentle, also you might want to get a case for it.music is also easy to put on it

This was one of the first Android phones on Verizon and it was good for the time but is now several generations outdated. I got mine in early 2010 and rooted it a few months later. I'm now running GSB Gingerbread on it and it is great to have the latest version of Android even though I have an old phone. The stock firmware is awful and is the major cause of 99% of the problems on this phone. It has a slow processor compared to a lot of the other Android phones, but it is decent when rooted with JIT on and overclocked with CPUBoost. Mine maxes out at 787 MHz and I usually run it at 768 MHz. I have an extended battery to handle the overclock better and I get about 2 days of battery life. Navigation sometimes crashes, but that is the only major problem I still have. I plan to upgrade to a better phone when my contract is up.Update Jan 31 2012:My contract expired and I have since moved on to the Galaxy Nexus. I have kept the Eris as a spare in case I ever have a major problem with the Galaxy Nexus. Deactivated, the Eris is still usable over WiFi, but it can't be used on 3G and it can't make/receive phone calls unless you have internet calling enabled and have a WiFi connection. As far as I'm aware, it can, however, still make emergency (911) calls.

My son loves this phone. He uses it for an MP3 player and its his own piece of heaven. Good deal

I got this phone this morning.. as a replacement for my old phone. And it works okay very slow at times.. The little moving ball only woks when you move it to the right, up, down, but NOT left. When your making a call and you put your face up to the screen it goes black then when your done making the call or you need to use the dial-pad it doesn't always show up so you cant access that menu, or hang up the call.. Got it refurbished and EVERY other Refurbished phone I have gotten is like new! this is a let down.

They send the wrong charger, now instead of a phone I have an erand to run to get one that fits.

Hey Everyone, Iam very happy so far with the H.T.C. Eris cell I brought on amazon about a month ago,so far so good ,the phone is a older one but it works great !!!!

i love this phone. it has alot of good qualities to it. the seller is awesome to my screen shatered and he is giving me another one. the phone is not to big not to small just right its does not really have any problems as far as i can tell i would recomend this phone for anyone easy to use and such a great phone.

Lets just say that if you were in need to call an emergency number fast, you are done for. This phone can not process much, and is okay if you are a 50 year old man like my dad who only has simple stuff like calling and text and thats all you ever use. But if you are 16 years old like me, and have a bunch of apps, games, and widgets, you can say good bye to speed. Once again this phone cannot process much. Even texting, it lags...

This phone is listed in the "Unlocked" category, but that's not true. There's no simple way of unlocking a phone that doesn't have a SIM card, and this one definitely doesn't, no matter how you look at it. The manual that comes with the phone tells the user that the phone has an easily accessible sliding door for the card, but that door is nowhere to be found. Stay away from this product - fraud.

I really Love my HTC it's very cool and easy to uses thanks again for the opportunity to experience this tech device.

I ordered a refurbished Doid Eris and it arrived quickly and in perfect condition! It also came with a car charger, wall charger, head phones and a usb cable. I highly recommend this seller!

TT-Guys are great. You solve my problem on time and reply  me as soon as possible. I will recommand to every one. you done a great  job !

This phone doesn't have a place for a chip and where am from I can't even use it. Waste of my time and money

This phone was said to be in great working condition. It was far from it. The battery lasted for 2 hours if you were lucky, and could take up to 30 minutes to send one text message. I quickly went back to my old school flip phone because it works 100x faster than this supposing &#34;smart phone&#34;.

Five more months and I can get a new phone...I can't wait!  At first, this phone ran fine.  After about a year, it slowed down to a snail's pace.  I'm not a heavy phone user and I only have a few apps.  I don't use VZ navigate because the phone crashes before I can even type in my destination.  The touch screen is a bit off and I've calibrated it recently - can't touch the letters/numbers I really want or else the letter/number next to it will appear on the screen.  This makes for some painfully slow text messaging and with autocorrect on, I've sent a ton of messages with random words inserted.  My favorite contacts screen seems to shuffle my contacts around periodically so I'm always calling the wrong person.  This happens so often that it has become a running joke amongst my friends.  Overall, I would not buy this phone again and I definitely would not recommend it to a friend...an enemy?  perhaps.

I have had the droid Eris since it first came out. I am on my 3rd warrantied one because after about 4-6 months they really become non functional. Verizon and HTC both will not do anything for you. I have 3 friends that traded there droids in and went with the Iphone. Dont waste your money on this phone you will not be happy and will have wasted your money about 6 months down the line.

It took me the full 30 days to return this phone.  I thought it was operator-error (or that I was going crazy), but when I went to Verizon to talk about getting another phone they told me I was the 3rd person that day to walk in with an Eris saying it was the "worst phone EVER."  I like a Droid, but this thing took forever to power up, would be fully-charged one moment, and need a charge the next.  The screen would "short out" while I was using it, and the swiping was erratic.  I don't know how it can be so wildly different from the Droid Incredible--which I liked.

Less than a year of minor use and there are dead spots on the touch screen. It never really worked well to begin with.It appears that all phones being sold on Amazon these days are refurbished or factory rejects.

Pls note that verizon wireless phones do not take Sim Cards. The slot on side is for SD CARD to aquire extra memory capabilities. i hate to see such a great phone get negative reviews over such. read up on phones to aquire better knowledge of how differ phones work.

My item came as fast as usual and was delivered in perfect shape. Good phone, very good phone...but, this old lady is having a hard time getting to know all the features. I'm getting there and thank goodness I have adult kids that can lead me!

Almost no battery life with little or no use in the day, no sd card was installed, it has a cheap feel in its construction, and its nearly impossible to hear a call coming in no matter how high the volume or choice of ring tone if the phone is in my pocket or lying on its back on a couch arm.  This was NO bargain.

Got this phone almost a year ago and only a month till I can upgrade. Started off okay, then started having screen problems, would always scroll to the left. Started affecting my ability to text, would freeze it all the way. Phone restarts whenever it wants to. Sometimes won't even let me text at all. Won't let me delete them either. I've had about four factory resets . POS phone.

I have had this phone for going on a year now.  I would say it is a great phone for anyone who would like an android phone, but would not plan to overuse its features (lots of apps, running widgets 24/7, etc....).  Becoming more android savvy, I am replacing mine with something with more oomph.  I have been disappointed in how little android saves to the memory card and instead to the phone itself.Camera:  It takes wonderful pictures....in good sunlight.  But as does any cell phone camera.  The videos are ok, and you can save a send-able file or one however long you like.Battery:  The battery lasted apprx. 10-12 hours a day on average use, 6-8hrs on heavy use, and probably would've lasted about 2 days on light use (only for phonecalls).android version:  This phone currently does not run froyo but it does run android 2.1, which works fine.My phone became slow mostly because of the games and widgets I wanted to use.  So if you are a light user, this is a great phone for the money.

Fast shipping, quick responses to questions and an excellent phone no problems at all. I love the phone it is in excellent condition. I was absolutely pleased and will order again from them.

This is a really good phone. Sometimes the battery gets low pretty quick,but that's the price you pay when you surf the web, listen to music and etc. Overall, I think that this is a good phone for the price.

this phone was a good price, but it freezes up, the battery have to be charged to often, not what i expected. i need another phone already :(

I had a Droid 2 and lost it, it was too expensive to replace so i got this. Its horrible. Browsng the web is a fiddly pain, it is slow, shuts down constantly. Luckily i just lost it. Not going to rebuy.

the phone is great, and with the wifi, i don't have to pay for data charges. I just connect to a hot spot...AWESOME

This phone is obnoxious. At first it was pretty decent, but it's like the more you use it, the slower and slower it gets. It takes so long for it to load anything. For a cheap smartphone is it decent but I just recently had to start using this phone after my Incredible 2 took a poop, and I absolutely can not stand this phone. It takes so much self control for me not to through my phone out my car window. A major downgrade and the Incredible 2 isn't even that nice of a phone. So for a starting off smartphone for cheap this isn't bad, but if you get anything nicer than this and then have to come back to this phone, have fun.

I don't like this phone at all. It doesn't do what I want it to do. I've had to restart it quite a few times since I bought it in the last few months due to the phone's constant freeze of the screen. It doesn't dial when I dial on the keypad. It wouldn't catch wifi unless it gets restarted first. I wouldn't have bought this if I'd known it'd give me so much trouble.

the phone and other pieces went to my daughter back in the states she enjoyed it and i enjoyed the price

The phone is awesome for a cheapie. It can be rooted and there are clockwork mods for this phone that work great. the stock rom was running too slowly but with froyo it works great and updated to 2.2 with the mod of course. 4 start because the sync cable has never kept a connection with my pc and is pretty much unusable now.

The shipping was very fast, the product came and it did not work. the phone had water damage and was completely fried. I was pretty pissed about it but I contacted the seller and they were pretty good at sending me the stuff to return. so all and all they did a good job.

Brought this phone for my dad and he hated it. I even played with it for a day and it sucked. It calls people by itself and text people also. DO NOT BUY.

HTCWell marked icons in the phone.Very neat camera.For person special needs it's very useful very excellent constast.I really love it.Heidi Burns Rourke

probably the worst smartphone I have ever used

I'm impressed. It's easy to use, very intuitive. My only problem is the battery life isn't as long as I would like. It's fine if you don't use the games or other programs much. All in all, a great value.

I would give this phone and the Verizon cell service in our area of NEPA 0 stars if I could. We've had it for nearly two years. We called and complained at least three times. We did everything they told us to do to improve the phone's performance, but it was all for nothing. The phone is, point blank, just garbage. I can't believe they are still selling it. We cannot wait to get out from under the contract!! The only thing this phone is good for is the Swagbucks we will get for it once we get out from under the contract. The penalty for getting out from under it, despite the bad service and crappy phone we have reported repeatedly and asked for help for right from the get-go, is too high. You shouldn't be held hostage to a bad phone and poor service! Not only is using the phone a torture treatment, but we get to pay for being tortured.

Very good value! After I ruined my Eris, I was afraid I would have to buy an extremely overpriced replacement from the Verizon store--something I wouldn't have been able to afford. I scoped out some of the sellers on Amazon, however, and eventually decided to try ordering one online instead. I'm glad I did! It took about a week to receive, and was in gently-used condition when I took it out of the box, with a phone charger and the original instruction manuals included. It also came with a car charger, which was a pleasant surprise.The only real downfall was that it was difficult to have activated--though, I'm not completely sure whether the phone or my phone service is to blame for that. Eventually, after a long conversation with a very lovely tech support employee, my phone was activated and is working just as well as my old one did!

Phone is junk, had it over a year and have just given up using the browser.  Text and calls are all it is good for.

This phone does what I needed it to do- call and text. Don't even try to get on Facebook with this phone. It's way too slow. Also, "onemobile" advertises this as a new phone. Obviously it isn't. Dust where the battery should be and scratches on the back of the phone. It's not a huge deal but should be correctly advertised. All in all, you get what you pay for.

I know it was a used product but the seller never told me that the Volume button  was removed from device  ....Anyway After I tested the Phone it worked very fine  and the problem with the Volume Button...  solved with an Android App that sets all sounds from touch screen.

the shipping was prompt and on time as expected. the phone is very glitchy, its probably a refurb. The screens pull to the left most screen all the time, load times vary and are often very long, and it freezes all the time.

I have owned my Droid Eris for just over one year now. I was excited when I first got it, this was my first smartphone and was filled with features. After about a week and a half however, I realized that the price per month would not be worth what I got from the phone... and with the full intention of returning the phone within Verizon's 30 day offer, I dropped the phone and cracked it. It was still completely functional with one crack, but unable to be returned.I have now had this phone for a full year, and it has been a year of pain. Excruciating pain in fact over the past few days, which is why I am trying a Blackberry. Let's go back to right after I put the crack in this phone's screen. I called Verizon, who asked if I had the warrantee. I did not. They told me to call HTC. After to speaking with HTC, they asked if I had the warrantee. Again, I didn't. They told me to call Verizon.This made me really mad. Finally, I went into the Verizon store where I bought the phone, where they told me they could replace the phone for a price... higher than what I paid for the first phone! I said forget it, and overlooked the crack for the past year.RECENTLY, my phone started acting up. First, certain keys on the touch screen keyboard didn't work. Some were near the crack, so I assumed it was because I dropped it, and rotated the phone to get to the keys I needed. Then it started to zoom out every time I touched the screen, and more keys stopped working. If I shut the phone off however and turned it back on most features acting out would return to normal.This got annoying fast, so I ordered a replacement screen for $35. I got the screen, and was told that I needed to buy a special screwdriver, soft pry tool, and clear glue. I'm done. This phone has been too much of a problem recently. I'll have fun throwing this at a brick wall.The phone was nice the first week, but the novelty of new wore off fast, and after a year I realized this is a rather cheap phone. There are better phones out there. This is not one of them.

Nice Phone.  It serves its purpose, nothing fancy.  The seller (PPcell Liquidations) is very unprofessional.  The e-mails that they sent me in reference to my order were unbelievable.  The HTC has nice features but I wish there was a way to delete pre programmed applications. These applications take up memory and screen space.

I can hear the person talking . But they can't hear me talk. also it freezes at all times... I hate it. waist of money.
