
I'm really enjoying my Iphone 4 and I didn't have to pay so much for it. Everything on it works fine and I'm so happy I found it on here first :)

Looks like new, in addition to the HOME key is not sensitive. Good, service is also very good.Hope to continue

I hate suppliers who purposefully do not disclose things or who remain silent when they should announce it. If the Phone is LOCKED, SAY IT. This phone is not unlocked! I don't understand why anyone would pay $400 for a locked phone. Is anybody nuts to do that?This is the problem with Amazon all the time. Faulty and Inadequate advertising, in order to sell products. I would never pay full price for a locked phone because I want to avoid the hassle of going through hoops to get it unlocked. Phone manufacturers and wireless companies ask a million questions to unlock phones. If you can avoid the hassle of unlocking phones, you should because it ain't fun.

Works good ,, as the product was as it was described. Works great . I do not have ATT but straight talk and its does not make no difference compared to ATT

Purchased an iPhone to replace a broken one and the new one works almost perfectly so far with the exception of the home button. It appears a bit worn down and I'm needing to push the button down hard 3 and 4 times to get the phone to respond. Other than that seems to be in very good shape.

I have been looking for a 32 GB phone that I could use with a pre-paid phone company, that did not cost me $400 to $700. This was phone only worked once I put a SIM Card into the phone. I like how I could use WiFi service to look up things, use the internet for social interaction without using minutes from my pre-paid card or if I did not get the unlimited WEB card.

My son had cracked his 3GS and some other things were not working well, so I bought this phone to replace his 3GS.  He doesn't need Siri and some of the other features of the 4GS and 5, so I was ecstatic to find this new, unused iPhone 4 to replace his 3GS.  The phone seems to be fine and set up was easy as we restored it from a back up of his 3GS and then he updated the operating system.  I was worried purchasing it this way, but so far, so good!!!

The phone is reliable it works a lilttle slow and the home button has to be pressed hard but after that it is a good product

This iPhone 4 works great.  It came in a box that appeared to be new.  The iPhone 4 is not the newest but in my case it gets the job done.

I received this phone everything looked good it worked until the battery died after that i bought and tried every charger nothing would charge the phone I took it my service provider that looked into the phone and said they were not sure what was wrong with the phone but they did see that i could not charge the phone! phone was a lemon did not work and I was unable to return it within the 30 days, so now i am out $190.00 plus the shipping for priority 2 day was a scam did not get my phone for 5 days so the $16.99 was a loss as well. I will never by a phone from this site!

The product was advertised as ..."IPHONE 4 32GB BLACK.UNLOCKED USING TURBO SIM . UNLOCKED TO USE FOR ANY CARRIER. NEW CONDITION AND COMES WITH ALL ACCESSORIES: WALL CHARGER, USB CABLE, and HEADPHONES.This phone is Brand new, with box, charger and earbuds . The phone is unlocked using Gevey"The phone works fine, but I took it to t-mobile, and they said it was locked.  Also, it appears to be the 04.11.08 baseband, which is apparently more difficult to unlock than most.Sent an email, but no response after a couple of days.

I love my new iphone, i arrived on time, nw i got all my apps onit. I can reach family and friend near or far

Pros:Nice storageVery nice designWorks flawlesslyIt just plain worksCons:NoneOverall: It does everything I ever wanted a device to do and more.  IMO, Apple makes products that works so well that you don't even think about it.

i bought 2 of these. the phone was shown as unlocked. but it came as locked phone. the phone had scratches and one of them was poorly maintained.

We got this used and it works perfectly fine! It was nice that it came with a case and a screen protector! Nothing wrong that stood out.

so good!it's just a new iphone.And the Black Friday price is also amazing.It would be better if iphone 5 could be sold, haha

Unfortunately I had to return it because it was defective. Very disappointed!This is the first time I receive an item in poor condition.

Too Many scratches on the glass and on the sides, look one in craigslist or pay few more to buy a  new one or a different model rather than this used phone. I'm totally disappointed after looking at this phone.I will return and better look for one on craigslist.

i love the phone it is grate thank u so much i am happy that i got it an it was on time i do recommend it

Bought this item for my father and he loves it and has already figured out how to load games on it...lol

Was worried about buying a used phone. I'm very happy with my purchase. Looks and works great! Definitely recommend it!

They say is new but is use &iacute;tem

The phone comes in a box like a brand new iPhone. I thought everything was fine with it but It drops a lot of calls and it freezes every once in awhile.

Very upset with this product. It says its unlocked using Gevey sim which it is not. The phone i received had too new of a baseband to unlock. Had sratches on back too... Looks like i just bought a $350 paper weight until baseband can be unlocked..... what a SCAM

SInce this iphone 4 ,I have bougt 4,4s,5.But I think this generation is the most classic phone .Just as Jobs said ,it redesign cellphone

I wanted the Iphone 4 without being attached to a contract with a carrier so I decided to buy on Amazon. I was so surprised when I received the phone. It was flawless; no scratches or dings looks like new. The phone works very well and  came with the apple charger, apple ear phones, documentation, and apple stickers. It shipped from the Amazon Warehouse and I am very pleased with this purchase.

I received the phone the day before I expected it and the condition was better than expected. But when placing phone calls the person on the other line can not hear you. I constantly breaks up. had to go back to old cell phone and looking to purchase another phone. the two stars are for the shipping time and appearance.

Amazing phone! Great value and functionality for money. Fast, stylish, cool...Like all other Apple's products. But you already know it :)

the phone was defective

its all great i swear works just like a new i phone 4s but the top power button does not work unless i hold it down for about three times which hurts.

Great phone! I would recommend it. It may not be the newest version of the iPhone but they are all the same thing in my view. I replaced my blackberry torch with this one.

I feel very good the whole process even today I have not received one month ago maybe by season, but all good thank god ..... just want to know if the iPhone is released internationally and if you send a code to unlock it.

The iPhone 4  32 GB (Black) - AT&T was presented as &#34;Brand New&#34; and  turned out to be NOT. An Apple store technician told me that it is a &#34;Frankenstein.&#34; /ss

it can hardly be used,even it's Appearance looks good.but  I'm in china now,I can't return it.i do not know who can help me.

The phone itself isn't new. I received an iphone in decent condition but there were scuff marks around the sides, dirt in the volume buttons, and the home button doesn't work very well. Other than the minor ware, the phone is in fairly good condition.

Needed a replacement phone for my daughter This one made her very happy!  Was received in as advertised condition. Fully functional. No noticeable scratches on screen, original plastic on back, and otterbox works great.

The back glass was broken but was covered up with a case and if I did not have my old Iphone to trade parts with it would had been bad.

its everything that was described to be, I love it! AAA+++++ thank you!!!! this is a honest and fair dealer, just as described!

The iPhone 4 was sold as like new condition, the bottom right corner glass was shattered and the button intermittently works. It cost me $136 to have it repaired

WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THE IPHONE IS UNLOCKED ?  I AM FROM VENEZUELA AND ME KNOW IF I WANT MY COUNTRY IS IN GOOD BUY IT NOW SO I HOPE YOUR ANSWER THANK YOU!

The volume did not work at all, no one could hear me on a call and I could not hear from my end of the call. I was very disappointed because this was the second iphone I had to send back and a big waste of my time ...

It was good product but the accessories are not of good quality.The charger and headphones are not of good quality.Proven  the charger and headphones are fake.

this product has really good features, its functionality it's awesome, other thing about it that i like it's its graphics its applications.

it is very good and so far I do not see much problem. it is easy to use. The battery is good.

Phone works great!  Delivery was quick,  getting it unlocked and switched was a pain, but otherwise!  Glad I finally have a Smart phone....

LOVED the phone, until I realized that the home button did not work.  Could not make it go &#34;home&#34; no matter what I did. Was easy to return and get money back, But will NOT buy from this seller again. Phone was suppose to be in very good condition, would HATE it see what condition a phone in &#34;good&#34; condition would be like.

Opyou are the first person i bought a iphone from! I love this when i got it it looked like it was brand new! Even though it had scratchs i cant get over it!

I would have thought it was new if the box was sealed. It was a great but and arrived promptly.

My iphone 4 arrived in excellent cosmetic condition. It was working fine functionally. But as time passed, I realized that the camera is not that good as it is suppose to be. Also, the home button became sticky after 1 month. I had to press it multiple times to get it to work.I have given it a 3 stars because of its features for the price that I got it for - $360.

well i got this for around 120$. not bad. really good actually. definetly isnt perfect though. however i see how the repacking at the amazon lab could have missed these details... sim card tray was stuck so i had to google the problem and do surgery on the phone to get my sim card in. involved a screwdriver and a pin. not rocket science but lame. then after turning the phone on  ( i noticed the speakers were full of dirt- it had had full a life before me), i noticed the 2nd hangup- the home button does not work. makes navigating difficult. googled that and managed to resensitize it for a few minutes but  then lost its responsiveness again. I Ended up using it is assistive mode with a touchscreen floating home button. does the trick, though lets face it its not as it should be, however, the phone was 120$ instead of 500$. So if your ok with a few tech repairs and character building glitches  go with the cheaper then average but still operable restocked iphone 4 :)

Hello Friends,I am writing this review after tons of emails with Buymart and Amazon. Summary is that BuyMart is fraud and they sell tampered products as "New" instead of "Refurbished".I purchased Iphone 3G as Birthday gift for my wife on Dec 2012 and the phone's home button stopped working on Dec 2013 and there were few more days left to complete the 1 Year. Though Buymart and Amazon gives replacement only within like 3 months, I was expecting Manufacturer warrenty of 1 year from Apple.To my surprise Apple said the warranty expired as this product was purchased in Sep 2009! The most surprising thing is that They said lots of parts in this phone has been replaced and tampered with. This was surprise to me since I payed almost 300 bucks to get this phone in "New" condition!I Don't see an option to attach a file else I would have  uploaded the diagnosis results from Apple Store here. But these are the highlights from Apple diagnosis notes. I have decided to file lawsuit against amazon and Buymart as both are doing fraud- Upon Visual inspection Unit appears to have third party modification- Unit was purchased in 2009 and taken to a third party location to have repairs- Unit receiver and Speaker is third party- Back module is third party- Unit was sold as "like new" however there is evidence of third party repair- Service denied due to unauthorized modificationSo think before you decide to buyThanks,Sunil

It was a great phone I expected worse but came out to be something better. Really glad I made this purchase no regrets here.

When we finally got this phone is was in great condition. Looked brand new!I bought it for my daughter and she was so happy! Everything works well no problems;-)

The item was listed as &#34;like new&#34;, but there were some problems. First, the ear speaker's filter is missing. Second, camera's flash does not work. I cannot understand how they call this item as &#34;like new&#34;. However, I received %40 discount after buying this item because of these problems.

Bought this with Fulfilled by Amazon.  We are happy.  We are one month into ownership. It functions perfectly.  It is used by a construction worker.

I ordered a black 32gb iphone 4 but got white instead. Phone didn't look touched and was factory unlocked as needed. The phone is very buggy..im not sure if it's the software that unlocked it or if that's just the iphone's quality. Either way im happy knowing I can use any gsm carrier whenever and have plenty of memory to last till upgrade time.

The fineness also good, no problem on the phone functions.Official unlock also very cheap, about $ 1.Unlock the future is very easy to use.

I wasn't sure of purchase, but when I received the iPhone I was glad to seethat the phone was as described. I would recommend this seller.

I ordered two phones and one of the phones did not have an external sim port. Now i cannot return the phone which makes me feel sad.

I bought a brand-new one of these, as opposed to the refurbished ones and I am returning it today. It worked for maybe two weeks and then it just stopped working. I couldn't open it up, so I took it to the Apple store and they said it was defective and there is nothing I can do. Since it doesn't have a warranty, they would give me another one for $143.00, if I wanted. I am really disappointed and now I am without a phone. Oh, also, the home key never really worked.

The charger is broken.  I can only charge my phone through USB, which needs almost 8 hours to get battery full.

well I've been using this iphone for 10days now no issues occured on my phone, I did managed to get it factory ulnocked ^_^

I really didn't want an Iphone then to top it all off the Product was Horrid... It only Worked on Speakerphone... The Home Key Got Stuck.. I was very displeased!!! I wouldn't buy another iPhone to save My life!!!

I bought some of these used-like new iPhone products and it is good enough for me. it is locked by AT&T but not too hard to factory unlocked. highly recommend!

It was very nice and it looks like it came with a brand new charger and headphones! Awesome and Thank you!

I love my phone. It came in the original packaging with all accessories. It was delivered when promised and was in the condition described. It was actually in better shape than I expected.

My husband loves his phone.It was the perfect gift .Thank you I'm looking forward to finding more gifts for family

I ordered the used phone and I was unsure how it look alike, good or bad. Wow! I was so happy when i received the phone. It look new and exactly what he described. I would like to recommend this vendor to everyone.

The bottom center button often will not engage. When the button is pressed the phone often does not respond. I think that the button is dying. It is not working full.It is not the end of the world but a bit disappointing.

RUN FROM THIS SELLER AND DONT LOOK BACK, I bought this I phone 32gb and when I got it headed to the ATT store to activate the phone. Long and behold it would not activate, the sim card would not read. I was told to go to the APPLE store to see if they can figure it out which I did. It turns out that it was NOT A 32 gb iphone but a 16gb, the phone was a damaged phone and should have never been sold. THIS SELLER IS A BAD BUSINESS PERSON. RUNNNNNNNNN

Rated 1 Star because the description said GOOD quality, not an iPhone with a broken home button that doesn't work unless I jam it down.  Will have to take to the Apple store for a fix, and could not return it to Amazon because of time constraints.  Annoying.

The iPhone was like other experiences with iPhone orders I have had with Amazon.  Everything was perfect!  The phone arrived exactly on time and was in mint condition just as the seller described.

I bought this used phone as a Christmas gift and when my wife got around to activating it, it didn't work.  Now Amazon was top notch on getting me the cost of the phone and my shipping back but for some reason couldn't get my sales tax back?  What kinda ship is that?  A full refund is a full refund not a shipping and cost of the phone only refund!  The girl who sold the phone had to of known that the phone was defective cause her so called return policy was like 1 or 2 weeks and that was roughly the shipping time.  She acted like she had no clue it was defective and told me to bad it's not her policy to take stuff back after that time I should've told her sooner.  Thank You Amazon for your standards I just wish that you would have gotten me a FULL refund!!

It worked fine until i took pics with it. The back camera was scratched terribly. I had to pay 30bucks to change that.

Had the phone for 15 months.  The phone rings one day and nothing, dead air.  Find out that the earpiece speaker has gone.  This phone has never been wet and was put in an otterbox defender since new.  Take it into the Apple store.  They can't repair it, I have to replace the phone.  They said they would sell me another at a discounted rate.  I asked the person helping us if this was a common problem, to which he responded no, not really.  He says he handles about 16 mechanical problems a day and he only sees 1 or 2 of these a day?

Everything I want and more. Does everything I want a phone to do and I almost never use my laptop because it is also my mobile computer.

Got good deal for 32gb, but home button did not work. Had to pay to change the button.  Overall the phone works. Battery last only a day on standby.

i bought i phone 4 and this i phone supposed to be used like new but i surprised when i found the back camera is scratched and not working , really it was very bad

i wanna order this phone but i wonder what is the version? because if it is below than 4.3.5 i can unlock and use it.or if its ios 5 i dont wanna buy it.thanks

Got this on time it was new worked perfectly fine. I would so recomend this to who ever would like it.

I like iPhone 4 but at the time was looking for a 4s the iPhone 4g was in great shape...

im returning this phone to Warehouse Deals, Inc. its so wrong to put up false advertisement. i thought that it was an ATT iphone but its not. be careful

This product worked great for my  birthday gift for my teenage son!  High quality and arrived right on time!  I really saved a lot of money in comparison to getting this same item at the store.Recommend it to anyone that is looking for savings all the way around on not just time but $$$.Regina

I'm disappointed because I was told this phone is unlocked but I had  a rude awakening when I tried to use it Nigeria. I had to spend more money to get it unlocked. Please when you're selling a product, try to abide by your promises.

Worst experience ever , ordered a 32gb , iPhone , they sent one that had serious design issues. They expedited another phone to replace it this time it was an 8gb iPhone , I am extremely disappointed and will be very cautious in the future using them to order items or reccommdnding then to others .

Our 1st time to order a cell phone on line.  We've always gone into our AT&T store directly.  This iphone is like new.  No trouble getting personal contact info transfered and having the phone activated.  Only wish we had ordered 2 phones from the same seller... Now I on the hunt for another great deal for our 2nd iphone 4s.  Wish I could find more from A&Z.  Thank You

Next Time you sell something you should have the box Sealed .When i got this product the Box Was Opened and it said New and you saidyou opened it to see if everything was in the box .Inside was a 16.Gb Phone Instead of a 32.Gb Phone .You tried to take me as a Skr.

I have been looking for smartphone like this in Ages. I had a windows HTC before and this is my first iPhone. 32GB is almost like carrying a hard drive with you. The amount of things you can do with this is just amazing. Very useful and simple phone. I like it very much. Purchased from Amazon warehouse on sale like new and believe me it was more than like new. Still wrap in plastic and all. Very satisfied with this phone. I think I am iPhone convert now!

The phone was in okay shape when I got it. The seller contacted me and told me that it was only a 16gb instead. But the description said it had been checked and was in working order. However, when I got it, part of the screen doesn't work. It wouldn't be a big deal (because I can rotate it from side to side) but many apps don't have that option so I can't easily use the apps because I can't use a portion of the screen. I have thought of the possibility of damage during shipping, but the phone seemed to be wrapped up well enough. All I can assume is that it didn't work when it was originally put in the mail.

I bought my phone used as to avoid the 2 year contract and high prices of the major companies.  We put the phone on Straight Talk and we are loving it.

I wrote a previous review about this phone.  It was not a 32GB as listed, but a 16GB.  It was not unlocked either.  After contacting Amazon, they did all that was necessary to correct the problem along with a full upfront refund before receiving the phone back.  Thank you to Amazon for their hard work in the customer service department.

Good used device. 80% good. Rare camera is not working. I showed it to I-Phone tech (iphoneaid.com) in Baltimore, MD. John fixed it in 15 minutes. Checked the I-phone and replaced the rare camera with new part. Thanks to Amazon and Iphoneaid.com

Like the title says, Apple products rock! 32GB is currently proving to be more than what I need to store all of my music and apps. I also have a charger-case so my phone lasts throughout the entire day. The phone uses micro sim cards by AT&T as well as T-mobile. I am currently ordering a sim card cutter from Amazon in order to resize the sim card from Straight Talk because Straight Talk does not have micro sim cards anymore.

It's an iPhone, so it's easy and all that. I'm more rating the seller - I bought this used from Laptop Angels and it arrived 4 days earlier than expected and as of yet seems fully functional. Took it to ATT and it was unlocked and worked with my provider, as advertised. I've had no problems with it so far.

This cell phone outside is very hurt, a lot of dust, too bad, all the accessories are not original, I want like to return, but I'm in China. I think I will not be here to buy second-hand goods.Feeling too bad! ! !

Blown away.  Not a scratch on it.  Looks like a brand new phone.  Came packaged just like a brand new phone.  Performs like a brand new phone.  Was marked &#34;like new&#34;.  But even better than that.

Got the phone ahead if schedule, in the condition they described! But when I went to set it up, it came back stolen. I just don't understand how someone can sale stolen products! How do you not know??

Cannot use sim card (overseas)Called ATT and they claimed they cannot unlock it because it isn't activatedAwaiting jailbreak info for IOS 7.1Had to order a different phone

THIS PRODUCT I RECIEVE FROM YOU IS AWESOME PERFECT AND I TRULY MEAN IT.  THANKS, PLUS ITS NICE WORKING WITH YOU  ! ! ! ! !

The phone looks nice and works but the home button you have to press hard sometime don't like that.Everything else work great. Still like check on YouTube on how to fix it hope that works.

Went with an iphone 4 32gb when my ipod 5th generation video finally bit the dust. I can say that I'm very happy with this phone, the call quality, bluetooth quality, and music quality are all excellent. In addition I recently added a Paypal card swipe which is something I could not have done with my old phone.Very easy to get used to after a few days, and the battery life is astounding. Later model iPhones have a special feature with the recently released OS to sync with newer cars better. I might upgrade my phone if I ever get a new car, but for now the used iPhone 4 I have works great with my old car's aftermarket JVC stereo (purchased probably 4 years ago!) USB interface and I'm totally satisfied with my purchase.

Phones were great and strongly recommend this customer. I am looking forward to buy these more ,not sure if there are more in the back stock.

i love it  its great and the pics are great its just want i wanted a great i phone 4 thank u  it cane on time that's what i love about the seller was great and on time and i would order from this company again. thank u again

I love this phone. It came brand new in the wrapped box with all parts included. It was considerably less expensive than many other competitors on Amazon which I worried meant it was too good to be true. Some others were selling this phone with the same specifications for much more.. I gave it as a gift because I had already bought one for myself. The price was so low compared to others for a 4s 32GB iphone w/at&t access. The price scared me a little but it was amazon guaranteed so I took a chance and purchased it and it was perfect.. the person I gave it to as a gift won't stop thanking me for it. Don't be afraid of a good price is the lesson to be learned I guess...

it was in awesome condition it is working perfectly there is nothing wrong. it is an awesome phone i love it

its a good phone. I needed to get a new phone. so I found this one, only used 2 times. and its my baby. it may not be the lastest iPhone, but I love it.

I ordered this phone from AMazonvWharehouse for 218 bucks shipped.  I figured it may be someones return.  To my surprise, I noticed that it was BRAND NEW!!!  New ones are going for 400+ on here, so I felt very fortunate.  I love the phone, and have nothing bad to say about it.  It's very sturdy, and is replacing my broken 3gs.  I am psyched.  Thanks Amazon!!

I should have known why this phone was so cheap - it doesn't work.  We got it out of the box and it looked fine.  Took it to ATT to have the old phone transferred to the new.  After all that there was &#34;no service&#34;.  AT&T further inspected to find that the hardware is faulty.  Great!

i want to but this phone but i don't know whether am making a good choice or not because i want an unlocked factory on the front page it is written that is it manufactured by at&t but to check of some of the prices $367 pls i need your advice is it really unlocked?

This is my first iphone and even that I am missing my blackberry a bit, this is Great. I bought this from OneEye Mobile and everything was according to the product description. I received a brand new 32 gb iphone, with all the original accessories. As the description states,, this cell is locked to AT&T so you'll need an AT&T micro sim to activate the phone.

I bought this phone as I needed a really good and reliable phone. I had recently been diagnosed with breast cancer had surgery etc. When Is spoke to the seller of this product they assured me that they would work with me, and accept the return if need be. I was going from a regular SIM card to one I had to cut,. They even helped me with that!! They were awesome to work with and I am thrilled to say I have not had any problem with the phone at all!! It was in excellent condition, These are great people to deal with!!!

I received this iPhone 4 and checked it out as soon as i unboxed it, the screen was in perfect condition and the back of the phone was pretty good too only one scratch in the glass, i noticed that the white water damage stickers were removed out of the headphone slot and the charging port. I activated this phone and it worked very well until last night it started to randomly shut down on me and now it will not come on at all or charge!! I received this phone straight from amazon warehouse so i thought it was a safe bet, whats going on amazon??? we have to do better than this! $260 for a lemon.

It was good product but the accessories are not of good quality.the charger is not of good qualityphone has some issue like sound

The power button is sticky and it is slow. the touch screen takes multiple hits to get one app open.

defective, did not disclosed was having problems, took it to apple and is not repairable, ended up buying new one, should have gone that route from the beginning, ended up paying him over 250 and for new one for 500.will not recommend to anyone for used iPhone, from internet

It was really like new!!! I baught it for my Brother-in-law, he is very happy with the phone. Very Good Deal.

This phone is great, I've used it to record lectures with high quality so it's great for students like me. It is fast and easy to access when I'm on a call, my lecture stops when I pick up, and after I end my call it goes back to the lecture where it ended off. The screen is very clear and has a crisp image. There are apps galore that one can use to modify it to one's style. This is the best phone I've purchased.

Shipped and arrived on time....Item was just like new and as advertised. Getting the 32GB is worth it if you like having movies on your phone.

Just what I thought. It's kinda old but looks brand new. Got it for a pretty good price. I will be back

Great buy!!!! Shipped fast and kept in touch the entire time while answering questions. I would recommend to any one.

I bought this used item though it doesn't look like used. Except that it has a minor scratch on the back which is unnoticeable. Device is working good but the charging cable looks like not the original one because it broke at the joint exposing the inner wire otherwise great product as expected.

Bought this as a replacement to my broken 8GB iPhone. If you already own an iPhone then you know how useful and widely owned these are. if you don't have one, Apple products, while seemingly fragile, do work extremely well for a long time in terms of performance and durability. I never knew someone who had a physically defective apple anything after any given amount of time. These things do not fall apart ever.

Phone looks and seems to work wonderfully, however the phones was locked! Thus making me spend more money to get it unlocked... Besides that the shipping was VERY fast!

I want to know if the phone is for any operator in the world?. would be very useful your answers thanks

I am finally in right there with all the other upgrades. I so needed this...!!! The phone is GREAT, it looks GREAT, it performs fantastically and I am very well pleased.. I suspected that this phone would turn out to be one of the better of my past purchases. However, IT'S REALLY THE BEST !  And it looks, feels and handles like NEW! What a difference. It's a really nice feeling to know that you've spent your money wisely. This purchase is truly an investment. Every one in a while, we all should &#34;treat&#34; ourselves to something nice. I GOT MINE!

the description of the telephone was that it was a telephone released by to that buys it reason when arrives the telephone to me that him introdusco sim card does not serve because only it is possible to be used for AT& T deberia to demand it to sell articles that do not have a correct description if I wanted a telephone of AT& T I buy it to AT& T and not to a swindler

It says just what you get in the mail, very nice and functional equipment, will definately recommend it ! Delivered a day late but no complaints.

The IPhone 4 does the job I need it to do. I use mine as a phone, GTD apps, and Music-Podcast player. I love the capacity. This is not the latest or greatest, but , for half the price I get 4/5ths of an IPhone 5.

theres a lot of space to hold music movies and books along with having room for contacts, apps, and pics!

My understanding was that the Iphone I ordered was unlocked for me to use during my international travel, unfortunately It wasn't, as a matter of fact it cost me more, because I purchased a new T-Mobile Sim card, in addition to wasting half of my day trying to get the Iphone to operate. I have to tell you I am not happy with how the Iphone was advertised, it should be clear it was locked.

Shipped fast, packaged with ear buds, and power cord plus wall adapter. Looks beautiful, no nicks or scrape and functions great.

very happy with the phone it looks great and works well for me this is my first iphone and I will stay with it

The iphone 4 worked pretty good for 15 days but started acting up when I pushed the home button.  It has 60% before I went to bed and at some point through the night it died.  Very disappointed because this is my business phone.

The seller mentions that the iPhone is like new but it isn't. It have problem on middle button. Now the middle button doesn't work. The back side of the phone seems to me open before. I am really upset with this. I gift it to my friend and its make me a lot of horrible situation.And seller was helping me to unlock the phone that was good but why he didn't inform me the problem of this iPhone? Why he posted it Like new? Really disappointed:(

SHIPPED A 16 GB WITH A FAKE PAPER PRINTED 32 GB LABLE WITH A BARCODE AND A IMEI NUMBER, TOOK IT TO APPLE AND CONFIRMED IT WAS A 16 GB, AND ATT CONFIRMED THE BARCODE WAS NOT THERES AS THEY DO NOT BARCODE THEIR PHONES THEY USE APPLES ORIGONAL, DO NOT BUY!!!
