
Tried getting whats app and other favorite android apps but only seems to give me a few. dont know if its at&t locking them up or its a watered down phone. Camera is clear though

Buen tel&eacute;fono, grande, mejor sistema operativo Android!!!! 2.1, f&aacute;cil de usar, liviano, lo recomiendo. R&aacute;pido envio por parte del vendedor.

mother board is messed up and there is no support any for this phone on the internet youtube has no videos on how to fix this that will tell you its junk .There are no update and android system is messed up to.

I received this phone as a Christmas gift last year. It is my official first smart phone so I naturally loved it. It did everything I wanted done such as planning events on the calender, texting, alarms, phone calls and snapping pictures. It felt fast, complete and professional. Very nice and compact to carry around in my picket and loved the earbuds that came with it to listen to my MP3 songs (purchased of course) and even could connect with many of my other devices via usb.Now a few months later problems started to surface:1) It is painfully slow to use for online purposes and as a employee on the go at times I need to search for things quickly and cannot always access my laptop so I have to rely on my mobile and with such a slow processing speed for internet this becomes a chore. Both 3G and Wifi.2) The battery seems to sap incredibly quickly regardless of little applications being active and the brightness turned down to the minimum. I have to charge it at least 2 times a day to use it properly.3) Recently the battery has become more ridiculous, it dies within an hour or 2 regardless of how long its been on charge and even more so the time/date setting reset to random settings. Just yesterday my phone was set to 2015, this also makes no sense since the phone remembers my alarms, files, and various settings but will continue to reset the one setting that I need to keep setting to keep up my alarms and plans.Overall its a temporarily to use product which is disappointing. I really liked this phone and it saddens me how it degraded to such a travesty of a device in under a year. Needless to say though this isn't the first time a dell product has crapped out on me. If you want to use a new smart phone for a limited time go ahead and purchase this at your own risk. Its a nice everyday phone for a few months, some people claim for a few days at best so I believe I got lucky.

I would never buy this phone again! The worst thing about it is that it will constantly &#34;lose the network.&#34; I'm not talking about just a dropped call -- it will go completely off network for hours and there's no way for me to know until I happen to look at the phone again. The only way to fix this is to turn it off and back on again, and sometimes even that doesn't work. I've missed multiple calls & texts this way, and on many occasion go to make a quick call and I can't. Also, it frequently has these sort-of computer meltdowns where it just freezes or shuts down.I got this to replace my old flip phone and thought it would be a good way to slightly update myself and get a full keyboard & better screen to text with. I don't really use the internet on my phone, but thought it would be nice to at least have it available in case of emergency. But the phone kept logging onto the internet everywhere I went, and there was no way to shut it off. I was charged huge fees for this -- there was no way to control it so I had to ask my carrier to just block all data to my phone -- now I can't even send or receive photos, which is something I could do with my outdated old flip phone.

I am very much upset, I got it charged and stated on but re starting at every 1 min. Cant made a single call. Returned right the way!!!!!!!

i have this phone and am looking at ways to upgrade the android version in order to be able to install whatsApp messenger, to me if this cant be done then the phone is a total failure, can anybody help me on how to upgrade to android 2.1.thank you

It's okay ..a little phone that can do the day to day job , texting,making calls and access the internet!!!!

ery good product for its price, the only thing that is no longer with me because his vecion the software and problems with disposal atalla isiseron me ....

It is really sleek and simple Phone to use. It comes upto my expections and meets my requirements with amazing features. The price is also matchles .

The phone has pros and cons.Pros:It is a collectible running Android 1.x version of Cupcake. A conversation piece for sure.Unlocked, so it can be used all through world.Has camera, and many features - games - angry birds, and several othersMusic layer, and BTW it is a phone too.Takes 16 GB micro SD card for musicGood screenGreat value for the priceConsCupcake was released in April 30, 2009Slow. slow. Did I say slow.Memory 256 MB for appsNeeds a SIM card for downloading apps'Cannot upgrade to even Donut, Eclair, or Froyo, Gingerbread, Ice Cream Sandwich, Jellybean.

Este celular es muy bonito, excelente flach, lo unico qiue no me gusta es la version de android que trae. 1.5!!!!

Taking me, an uneducated tech person, a long while to get  use to all the buttons and options.  Work very well.  I like it.

the phone died in 5 days, is a scam work for 5 days then the screen went off and the phone will not operate more... not to buy this phone is bad

This phone design is ok but the battery life and signal are poor. Constantly lost signal and unable to registered with phone carrier. Have to restart the phone in order to make it work again  and register with the carrier.Often lost several hours of signal before it returned to normal again with the carrier.

As it says on other reviews it has a lag on almost everything, also my touch screen stopped working 5 months later, really bad durability.

I did not like the android that bringsthe photos are of very poor quality while having good lightingthe flash is not good

+1 star = The Price+1 star = The Email / Calendar applications work similar to any android device.  You also have access to quite a few other apps that work.It 'works' and functions like any android phone, but it does it slower and with more.. quirks because Dell decided to create a custom visual interface on top of Android and ruin everything.The battery life is pretty bad (I would estimate 16 hours of standby time if you tie into email, calendar, etc), the time to load apps is pretty bad, the onscreen keyboard has tons of lag, sometimes upwards of a second per key.In conclusion - if Dell had not tried to add their own 'flavor' of Android onto this phone it may have been a solid 3 star phone, but as it stands this is pretty miserable.  I am glad I am only using it while my main phone is being fixed.Also - no headphone jack - wut?

The battery charger is an european plug, with an adapter never saw this information in the product description and in settings only 3 languages russian, turkis and english

I got two of these phone.  for me and my hubby but i ended up returning mine because the battery keeps dying every 30mins. I can't keep carring my charge everywhere i  go. The phone is so beautiful and attractive but the battery issue was a turn off. Good luck !

The phone was never in service and then the text messaging would freeze up on me while I was trying to text.

Works great in Nicaragua.. All the accesories came and run just fine, easy to configure.. Also the camera have fun adds.

The phone worked great for the first 3 months.It has great features wifi , Social networksEmail, Lightweight .But a a fulltouch phone with no touch is just a paperweight.I bought the phone and all the cases and protectors it need . Treat it like an egg but the touch went slowly the bottom left started and it slowly moved up the screen.No all i have is a good looking paperweight.Dont buy.

Just got the phone. The Dell Logo at the back came off with the sticker on it !! It was probably stuck there with some cheap glue.Not sure about the rest of the phone but a defective piece right out of the box !!!!!! Not sure about what I should do as I need to gift this to someone.I will update the review later on with more info.

is a good phone, good price, good presentation, but the essence of a brand and there will not make it out to support the preference of some buyers like me

After reading the reviews i decided to give  this phone a try. Upon the first few hours after charging it kept going off. It wouldnt stay on for a minute. this was a waste of time and waste of money. Im greatly disappointed in this product. But i guess you get what you pay for!!!

I got this phone and thought because it is a Dell product it should deliver some of the promises. The installation and start part worked well. The touch screen, the display, file organizer works really good. The major problem with this phone is that it just goes dead on the network and then automatically becomes alive, I tried every setting possible to fix the problem (manual mode, automatic mode, searched and changed the preferences). Hence this phone can be used as organizer but not as a phone. I would recommend this phone only when all the phones in the world stop working or you have unnecessary money to throw in.

I also received the  phone in Turkish but I eventually found a solution online (contact me if you want the link).The bad reviews are unfortunate as it was the sellers problem - shipping items configured in Turkish. The phone works well and it is not slow out of the box. It comes with a 2 GB SD card which you can upgrade to 32 GB. To me it is comparable to the Blackberry 8520 that I use and a Nokia C6 that my wife uses (it has a bigger screen & is better looking too!).  I use my phones mainly for business so I cannot tell you much about facebook etc... Audible for android works fine. The only cons so far are: I cannot connect to my yahoo account (says I have to have a Yahoo plus account) and the battery life is average not great. It connects fine with gmail though.Bluetooth work well with my car radio and  I am very happy with it considering the price I paid. Dell has a video on Youtube where you can  see all the functions and how the phone works. I only have the phone for about a week now so  I cannot say much about reliability at this time.

The phone has very good features-Android 2.35MP cameraWiFi, bluetoothA good recommendation for buyers of any age.

Some social applications causes the phone to slow down and occasional close programs. Other than that it is a fast,easy to use, great phone!

Please DON'T BUY this phone the product function very well but after two months of using it the phone suddenly dies. Searching in internet it is a common problem of this phone so I recomend to don't buy it. Nowadays I have a piece of plastic that does not function for anything.

Good for calling and texting. But as far as using apps, there were hardly any you could get. Very little in selection it would pull up on market. When i tried searching web to download some I wanted kept saying phone would not support them. Got it cuz it was android for the many apps you usually can get on their market, but this problem just defeated the purpose for which I bought it.

This product is not a mobile phone it's just a working prototype. Battery last 4 hours.Android 2.1 - not working with most of today's apps on the market.Google Maps + GPS works fine thou.

I will say the touch screen response is very good and the phone looks good also not thick or heavy.Battery life is ok only my consern is its getting hot when you talking mor than ten minuts.But when i discus to my friends about that i came to know most of smart phones does that.I paid $60 in amazon,its well wort it...............

This is best product by best price. I use it in more 3 weeks, it works very good, I don't have any problem. This is my first smartphone and I really enjoy it. Thanks.

The phone is worth every penny. While it may not have the latest Android software, it is a usable cellphone.The seller (MasterDeals) responses fast, customer-oriented.Thanks, will buy again.

I broke the screen on my windows phone and needed a fast and cheap replacement, so this was fine. I had mixed feeling going through the specs and then considering the asking price, with that huge discount. After using the phone for a day, i did not like it but it was supposed to be an interim thing till i got a better, faster phone.PROS1. cheap2. small, sleek designCONS1. Really slow. There is screen unlock lag, call pick up lag, actually, a lag with everything you touch on the screen2. Battery life is terrible, might not last you the day even with light to moderate usage (call, text and email)3. Reception is not good on the phone. And if you came out of an area with no network coverage, you will need to turn radio connectivity off and on before you get reception.4. runs old android5. many apps won't run right (tango, viber, angry birds, fruit ninja)6. I almost forgot the freezing and restartingetcI wanted the phone to be a cheap interim replacement and that is exactly what it was. Please don't spend money on this if you want it to be your long-term phone. You will probably throw it into a wall soon.

I think this is a good phone i got it and started right up for me and i haven't had any issues with it at all and wifi works awesome the os defendant needs a update but other then that its really good

Does anybody had this problem? My cell phone came from Turkey and there's no DM icon. How can I upgrade the Android system now?Customers be aware!Please, somebody help!

The phones screen doent function at all in the center strip(where the numbers 2,5 and 8 appear).But sound quality is upto the mark,and the camera is pretty decent,and can be accessed with physical keys..DO NOT USE AS A PHONE.ONLY AS A MULTIMEDIA DEVICE, AS THE PHONE AUTOMATICALLY CHARGES CARRIER FEES OF $5,EVERY HALF HOUR.

This phone is great for my independence of phone company. I liked that it is unlocked and I don't have to do anything but popped in my SIM Card and start business.

I dislike it. This phone was very badthis phone always auto-close and auto-open.I can't use it.I can't hear the phone voice.

The Phone is good for use. Wi-FI works fine. Audio is very good. apps integration and usage is extremely easy. Overall the product is worth the money I paid.

fantastic - a brand new 2010 ATT World Phone - unlocked from the factory so you can take it abroad when you travel but works fine in the USA. It is loaded with ATT extras and has all the 2010 mid year android features. Everything works great. If you are into the latest and greatest dont buy it. If you merely want an excellent and very light (3 oz) beautiful; phone and are not trying to impress you friends with todays model then you will  love it as I do. I shortcoming - the battery is great except for long periods of bluetooth. I Have it on Bluetooth at night while it is charging tethered to my xlink and connected to the house phones - but I turn off the Bluetooth when I go out of the house. Dont know whether it is because it is a brand new 2010 battery ( and has lost some of its life in storage) or whether the bluetooth draws a lot of power. Anyway I love it. I have an ATT no contract monthly plan and thus all these ATT features are a plus for me.Since the battery is at least 3 years old you may need to replace it sooner than if you had received  a "made this year" phone with a battery that had not been on the shelf for years. Small price to pay for this neat phone.

It is in Turkish when it's power up!  It is not picking up any network when it's power up.  what kind of setup does it need to get it working?  I am so disappointed because I like this phone.

Seller offered a new phone, I received a used one. It does not recognize the memory installed and does not let the camera work. Also the power cable from the battery is not working properly.

This is a very good product . The touch system is awesome . The only problem is its camera. Its quality is not as expected otherwise the mobile functions are very impressive. It has built in Google, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. I really like it. If its camera is improved then this product will get 5 out of 5.

Phone came unlocked, and brand new with a 2gig memory card. Excellent phone at an affordable cost. I will buy another one soon

I love this phone very much.  It has enough for me to use as a phone, to surf the internet and more.  Unfortunately, it was stolen.  I hope to buy it again.  The delivery was even before the scheduled date and it was perfectly what the seller described it to be.

The Dell aero is not unlocked I have a problem because I can't use this phone I need the subsidy lock

In order to make this phone work with T-Mobile or other 2g-4g carriers, you need to modify the APN Android 1.6 settings according to the carrier settings. Once you do this, the phone works provided that you have a Data plan. However, you need  to call your Cell carrier to provide them with the serial numbers of the phone so that it is addressed by their switchboard. Also, the phone has three APN settings (Internet, MMS, WAP) that must be set according to the carrier settings so that they can be addressable. The following Url's may be of further assistance:1. T-Mobile:[...]2. At&t;:3. At&t; Internet: [...]

received this phone in Turkish mode. i think this is a used phone as i noticed all the picture and video file are not started from 0.jpg.

I purchased this phone in late August 2012 and by December 2012 the phone will not turn on or hold a charge.  The Nokia flip phone which I've had for almost 5 years is a major improvement over this 'smart phone'. I would have given it zero stars unfortunatley Amazon doesn't allow you.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this phone - Their's a good reason Dell is not a major player in cell phone technology and it's call 'Dell Aero'.

esto es el peor tel&eacute;fono que he conocido,no cuenta con ning&uacute;n tipo de apoyo t&eacute;cnico por parte de la marca no hay firmaware disponibles ni actualizaciones,  realmente perd&iacute; mi dinero tiene fallas en el os y no hay forma de realizar una nueva instalacion.

Inexpensive, many functions.  Only issue was that it came with a European charger and US adapter that only works in some outlets.

I got the cell phone, (I was looking forward to with with great anticipation), upon receiving it I tried to turn it on, nothing. I charged it for six hours, tried to turn it on, still nothing, I charged it for 24 hours SITLL NOTHING!!!!!!!!  The phone DID NOT WORK!!!!

The phone worked for about 30 minutes, then locked up, the touch screen wouldn't work, nothing opened. It was nice for the 30 minutes though

Let me begin by saying that I love the Dell line of products. In fact my last 2 computer purchases have been Dell and most likely my next purchase will be Dell. With this in mind I jumped at the chance to buy the Aero when it was offered on Amazon. I purchased the phone hoping to take advantage of its 3g capability. However that has  not been the case. I purchased the phone thinking that it would work on all gsm networks. My carrier is T-mobile. Thus far I can only make phone calls and text messages. I cannot use their 3g network, only the edge. This makes web surfing nonexistent. I contacted Dell technical support and was advised that the 3g capability only works on ATT, not T-Mobile. Not being able to connect for web data connection greatly diminishes the value of the devise. I do not know how the phone performs on other gsm networks, but I would advise those wanting to use it on T-mobile to save their money. You can find other phones for less that can provide you the same service.Now that I have complained, let me offer some other considerations for potential buyers. I have no problem accessing the web with this phone using wi-fi. I like the looks and feel of this phone. Its lightweight and sleek looking. Video is clean and crisp. Pictures look  good and its easy to use. Sound quality is better than most phones I've used in the past. I would have preferred it the have a 3.5mm jack connection, but you can  easily work around this. For these reasons, and the fact that I received the phone in 2 business days after ordering, I gave the device 3 stars.

it is ok for me i will get something better later but for what i need to do its ok

Bought this for Mom and she loves it!!I haven't seen it myself so can't comment more...I guess it's not bad for the price....

goes off any time. Not worth a dime . Just money wasted. In future i will be more careful on my purchases

The phone looks good but I need to get it switched to English, have not tried with the SIM yet so when I do will update the review.Will update the stars when I actually get to use it

I always had Dell PC's and Laptops and they are always top quality. I got this phone because it was unlocked, very reasonable priced, and most of all it was a DELL. With almost 3 months of usage it is not a good quality product. I have to reset it twice a month, it drops call constantly, the weather does not update, the back menu button is very unpractical, and text messages not received or send. In few words too many issues for a new phone.I concluded that is not my services provider because I never had issues with the previous phone or the other line I have with the same company. The menu, the size of the screen is great; the battery does not last even with no usage. It does not compete with similar android phones in quality and functionality. Very disappointed with this Dell phone, not what I expected from this company.

I bought this cell phone for my kid whose 11 years. At the beginning, it was working perfectly, then, after nearly 2 months, the touch screen stopped responding on 75% of it. The lower part of the screen. I did so many googling, they said it needs celebrating. I tried to do as their instructions said, but I didn't find some of the options they are taking about. Finally, I gave up on this cell phone and I want to buy a new one for my kid. I definitely don't recommend buying this cell phone. Instead, go and buy iphone 3G. Maybe you need to pay extra $25, but it's worth the money paid for it.

Great phone, when  Bought the phone ,I  have some doubts about it, because some people said, its a crap phone, but I discover that is not true, It's a good phone, the sound is good , the calls are clear, it's a good choice for someone who wants a new smartphone, certanly there are other more powerfull but this is a good product.

nice and cheap way to travel around the world. Just insert a chip and go, easy to use as prepaid

This phone is no good. GPS is only good if you have inet connection then it is very slow. The touch screen is horrible unless you have fingers the size of toothpicks. Battery only lasts about 6hours on a full charge. The speakers for talking out loud go up and down unexpectedly and are not clear very distorted. Personally I would return this phone but I don't think it's worth the time to do so.

this team is not good

Depends on what you WANTfor me it was a good buy, my first android... I had blackberrys and nokia and i must say android is better in every way. gives you freedom, many free applications and is more modernon the Dell AeroPROS- Lightweight (and I dropped 5 times and did not break anything, its more comfortable to carry on) rather than a heavy iphone- Touchscreen works very good and good screen image quality- Android, friendly software!!!- Good size to keep in your pocket, yet big enough to navigate and view- Synchronizing contacts emails etc. Gmail.- Multiple email accounts- Good 5mp autofocus camera can photograph a document or a card. normal image quality. bad flash- You can install many free market google apps- Low price- 3G and WIFI- unlocked- whatsapp, gmail, google talk, browser, more works fineCONS- Android 2.1 its old, does not support some apps and can not be updated on the website of dell- THESE APPS does not work: skype, fring, facebook slow, voip calls, talk kakao, etc.- Battery only lasts a day- No video call- Little space and can not move apps to micro sd- English only- angry birds works slow...If you want an confortable Android phone without paying much this is a good option.If you want a phone to play, have many apps, make video calls ... buy another phone probably more expensive one.since I got it sometimes turns itself off or when recharging, but so far I can not complain because happend to me with blackberry and nokia before.its very resistent to falls, other phones breaks the screen quickly... I dropped on water and was submerged a few minutes and still worksnever again would buy a nokia or blackberryi hope this helpbye

had a Turkish charger with us adapter that kept slipping and wouldn't charge i recommend you spend the money you would have spent on a us charger any way on getting something with a newer android version.

worst phone ever..last summer I bought this phone..i put it under my car tire and backed over it in my driveway..thats how much this phone sucked

bad phone I had this dell less than a month. went through 2 batteries the sound is very bad you cannot hear anybody The people at dell where no help at all. never got any of the apps to work. this is a 75 dollar piece of junk don't waste your time or money on this phone

I got it for my brother in law as a gift. By the time I travelled to india it took around 6 months...then I gave it to him. He started using...within 2-3 month he said it lost it touch sensitivity....now it is a piece of junk.

i buy this item 2 week ago, it works fine, touch screen is perfect,android os is very old but for that price this is perfect purchase  i pay 70 $ for it and i am very satisfied... i don't understand why is here negative reviews ...  great phone 4+ ...  but battery life is short maximum  2 days... thanks

This phone was worthless.  I purchased for a Christmas present and was very unhappy that it not only was "locked" but wouldn't work.  It kept trying to restart over and over.  Made me look very bad on Christmas morning.

Excelent phone!  I purchased two cellphones  for my family and they are very satisfied with the gift.. they loved it

i like this phone, its simple and easy to use, however the battery life is very short, it doesn't last a long time. but i love the phone, wish the battery was a little longer.

The Dell Aero is a terrific phone! I use it everday to call family and connect with people everday on social media!

I knew this was not the best phone available but I needed a phone with a little modern features for my mother and that could access the net through wi-fi.  It consistently wanted to access the cell phone network even when programmed not to.The camera was not good at all and many times the screen would lock when attempting to pick up incoming calls.The phone finally broke and was of no good use after that.I just expected a little more from a Dell phone

I wanted to upgrade from my old blackberry, but wanted a phone that wasn't to high speed. I thought that this would be a good start. I read the reviews, and should have listened to the negative reviews! This phone, isn't worth it, even though the price is cheap. Guess what? you get what you pay for. I have to charge the phone everyday, and while in the car. It does turn off on its own, and I can't open attachment that have been txt to me from friends and family. My old blackberry was able to handle this at least. It came with an attachment so I can charge the phone, it has a foreign plugin. Lesson learned with Amazon purchases, read and listen to the negative reviews...

I bought 2 of this phones a couple of months ago. They work great and the apps are awesome. However, the battery sucks. I need to carry a phone charger with me every time. In spite of this battery inconvenience, it is a nice phone.

I've bought a new Dell Aero cellphone but the battery charge doesn't support more than one day without new recharging. This is awful, I have to charge it everyday.

This phone I expected to be high quality because manufactured by Dell totally sucks!!! it is constantly turning on and off by itself! I can never get a signal for calls/ text, better yet the internet! I cant use my 4G it only serves like 7kb and never holds a charge!! I dont know what the hell is going on, its making my life extremely frustrating! It never seems to be "in service" regaurdless of where I am, home, school, or in my car! it is totally defective now I have to send Another phone back. For the price it seemed a good deal its a sleek look and awsome touch screen but it only makes calls %30 of the time

I wish I had never gotten this phone!!when you put a picture as your screen saver the picture is distorted!  looks terrible!  nice looking phone but I don't care for it at all

2. If you are interested in a non-apple smartphone, this is it!Primary function, being a phone, is outstanding. The phone has a good reception and you are able to have clear conversations even in noisy environments like games or construction sites.Additionally, the screen is amazing and very responsive. GPS, camera and Wi-fi works as expected. Form factor is adequate. The phone is slim and not so heavy.Despite of the bugs mentioned in several forums, I haven't found any. The piece I got came already with the Android 2.1 update and works straightforward.It deserves a "well done" for the people at Dell.

the phone is teeeeeeeeerribleplease please dont waste your money in this garbagethis phone is not good not good at all, the screen doesnt work good and the phone activates alone, i didnt like it

For the price, it does the job really good. The features described are the same as I recieved. I recomend this phone, simple and good.

Regret after buying this phone. The phone has trouble registering with tmobile; thus , has to be restarted a couple of times a day. Battery runs out quick. Phone generates too much heat.

congratulate a great product. is what I wanted and the price given works perfectly. the product is just wonderful Spanish language through lack

is a beautiful computer and looks great for a lady, but unfortunately here in Venezuela is not commercial and are not accessories cell. otherwise. I wonder if you sell or the touch screen because one cell was damaged shortly have it and can not find him or the touch screen .. would appreciate if you help me. cell lines in general has many applications buenas.aaa I forgot you can not download the whatsapp. bad

I liked the device. It is a sorry that Dell is not giving any support for it. You can not get updates for OS, WiFi is very lazy and the connection falls every minute. For calls works excellent.

im tight with money but I must say its awesome. Only issues is battery life needs to be longed. But u can charge and surf About 4 hours of surfing straight and then its low not dead.and it dont play youtube but u download the free app then u ,can. I give it a 9 out of 10 its that good. Very light and full pf great apps. Im at&t works well

I ordered this product back in July to replace a stolen phone. After received this product, I was surprised to find out that this is not designed for US standard outlet. You can't plug it to your home outlet to charge the phone, unless to use the adapter the seller provided in the package. The adapter is in bad fit with the plug and is very loose. Considering the trouble to returning, I decided to keep it despite the disappointment. However, the phone stopped charging after two months and now turns to a black brick, useless. The seller refused to return due to the one month return policy. The worst short lived phone I ever bought. Think twice if you want to place the order!!

This phone is so so, it's a great phone for talking and texting. I have a hard time down loading apps. The battery life is VERY low, I charged it all night while i slept and when I awoke I checked my emails and made 1 phone call, when I got to work I went on the bank sight to see if my direct deposit was posted, but the battery was dead and I had to wait until I got home to check. Other than that it's agreat phone.

this is the worst phone I have ever touched in my life I regret spending anything on it, it cannot handle the software pre loaded on it

This was my first smart phone. I don't have a data plan, and I don't want one. I wanted to use the wifi instead of a data plan. I used the phone on T-Mobile. My family has 3 other phones that we use on T-mobile and they get good signal reception. My old flip phone (6 years old) works in my home too. This phone however will not get a signal in my house. If I go outside and stand in the front yard I get one bar. The GPS is also not very sensitive. I had to turn the auto off feature to 10 minutes just to give the thing long enough to connect to a satellite (I was outside with a clear view of the sky). The phone is made for use in Turkey, but does have an  English menu also. Maybe the cell phone towers in Turkey are 500 yards apart so you can get a good signal. It would not work well enough here to even be usable. I returned it, and Masterdeals returned my money, and they even returned my postage. They are a top notch company with outstanding customer service.

this phone didn't last long at all, I had to get a replacement from dell. I really appreciated the service meted out to me from dell thou got a replacement soon after. It works ok but would not recommend this phone.

I was looking for a cheap phone for my son so I chose this.Definitely not worth the price of admission. Poor phone. Poor software. Just bad overall. A waste.

It really wasnt all it was hyped up to be in my eyes. I have to be connected to wifi to access my apps and it just isnt what I had expected, but it will make due for the next 3 months until I can upgrade my account and get the new Samsung Galaxy...

Pros: Solid built, bright screen, wifi and gps work as advertised, the touch screen is very responsive. The phone is unlocked and works with my old T mobile SIM.Cons: On-screen keyboard is problematic for big figures. The screen on mine only rotates when I flip it counter-clock wise.Over all, if you are tight on a budget, this is a nice phone to have.

buy this phone in two months and did not want to take the signal operator this phone disappointed I lost my money because I have not been out of the market should fix

I ordered this phone because my Blackberry stopped working midstream...It came quickly and was brand new still in the package, I've spent the last 4 days getting aquainted....the battery life is crap, seriously I have to charge it 2 times a day. I have shut off everything that drains a battery, to no avail. I cannot down load apps and to answer a call jez..it's not a user friendly phone for my liking, I wouldn't recommend this phone, I'm actually considering sending it back.

The Phone is very nice looking,very sleek design.I also have T-mobile and didn't have much luck with this phone.I hated the camera on it.Thought the pictures were not good at all.Probably a very good phone if you are with ATT but not so with T-Mobile.Unfortunately I am returning it.

Its a 2010 phone that I got in 2013 of course its our dated but its nice yes its a step down from the iphone 3 I recognized that in the first couple of hours this phone won't let me do youtube on it and needs to be updated when gotten but altogether it is a good phone to get If you want a smart phone but don't want to pay alot of money for it.

You think I'm kidding, don't you? First, a little background and context. I use this phone as a backup in a major metropolitan city in the U.S. T-Mobile is my carrier. While I was initially promised the moon and his sister too, at this point I'd settle for getting rid of the crease in my forehead. I'm afraid it'll scar soon.Here's what it's like. You insert the provided battery and your SIM card, charge it up....and wait awhile. The wait is actually middle of the road unimpressive. I used my Kindle Fire's charger to encourage it along.Once I turned it on, the fun began.WARNING: Whatever it is that you'd like to use this phone for, IT DOESN'T WORK. At least, not reliably. Need to call the kids to make sure they got home safe and sound? Maybe you will and maybe you won't. Want to shoot them a text since the calling mechanism sounds like so much dead space suddenly? Yeah, ok, sometimes. How about an email? Yeah, well, about that....This is the thing. If you'd like to feel like a cross eyed and dizzy air traffic controller with 48 planes all demanding to land now, then by all means, get this phone.WARNING: You must have a Google account to unlock the "potential" of this phone. Seriously. It spits snark at you if you don't key in some satisfactory Google username and password pronto. Something about factory settings. Whatever man.WARNING: Sometimes--because it hates you--your phone will forget you have a cell phone carrier, even if it plainly displays said. carrier for all to see. It has no problem doing this in the middle of a phone call you initiated. When this happens, several options are available to you. If you are connected to Wi Fi, it will continue the call so long as you are relatively close. Wi-Fi range for this phone is reminiscent of an Old West shoot out. Three paces, turn, and you're dead. Why? Because the other guy knew not to go so far away. Try using this phone after three paces and you will likewise find it dead.WARNING:  While this is an Android it is the most offensive excuse for one I've ever seen. Be prepared for multiple, constant, inexplicable, and overlapping crashes of even the most basic apps in addition to recurring announcements that these apps have crashed without you restarting them.....Which leads to....WARNING: Be prepared for quick and multiple battery exhaustion during the same day.You will need to have a charger handy if you plan to so much as keep the phone on. Which leads to my next point...WARNING: However much money you save on this phone will be spent tenfold on antidepressants, high blood pressure meds, psych meds, anger management counseling, etc.You deserve better than this. I swear it. This phone is an abomination. Even the smiley faces are this monstrous green thing.

lamentablemente este movil no llena mis expectativas aunque posee casi todo lo que se necesita en un celular no tiene la capacidad necesaria de almacenamiento ademas el menu no esta de manera universal solo en chino ruso e ingles es horrible esto deberian informarlo antes de realizar las ventas puesto que el sistema de compra es a nivel internacional y no solo para los paises que ya mencione por lo de la llegada de este producto el proveedor es muy responsable

hello.. i am interesting when it  start ship i wait a long time i buy it in 11 and now 15.. whats is happand

i love this phone it works good in my country.the only thing is that the battery life does not lost long.Henry Thomas Belize

I feel compelled to review this phone, because i feel I could help prospective buyers. I bought two of these phones and I am reasonably satisfied with the purchase. Why two stars? I am very tech savvy although I havent fiddled with many phones. I have rooted and installed custom roms on a few androids. I bought these for my two 8yr old daughters who badly wanted a touch screen phone. However this phone is likely to frustrate most buyers who are thinking that they are getting something of a modern phone based on the appearance. The good - it can be had cheaply and it runs android from a fairly high res touch screen. The bad - it runs android 1.5 and its not upgradable. Despite the many that say its using Android 2+ there are no discussion on any of the android forums that describe how to get it running on 2+ other than some source files that appear on Dells site. If it were possible someone would have documented it - I see several failed attempts. This phone is the poster child of a failed android attempt by a very major tech company. The phone is very very slow and can run very few games without significant lag. A big part of the problem is Android 1.5. So it cannot run very many apps, its very slow BUT its very cute and looks great for the price - something that will appeal to my 8 yr olds. For most other users I would suggest looking elsewhere and the phone has almost no functionality. The interface that Dell insisted on putting is another part of the problem - its very unintuitive and frustrating. Buy this phone only if you want a cool looking phone for a low price, and dont care about apps and speed. The power plug on the phones I bought did not work - they had multiple adaptors that was falling out the US AC sockets and looked more of a fire hazard. They also use the OLDER USB mini jack and the headphone is not a standard headphone jack (USN mini). The battery life is poor and the phones wake up from sleep (both do) every few minutes which further drains the battery.

the phone was not working and i will like to know if is a second hand phone.....what can you do for me consider the phone ,,,

greetings hello I have problem with the phone not to turn one I get the logo and the beginning of the animation and then restarts and restarts only do that infinatamente and there is nothing more I would like to correct this error aydaran I have taken center repair but have no information on how to accommodate it will send an email to the dell but got a page where I could get INFORMCION but found nothing and on the other hand would like to know how I can update as it brings OS 1.5 and I read that there is an update 2.1 I would like to know how I can do because I hope it can help

I thought maybe people weren't learning to use the phone properly when they gave the bad reviews. I've seen bad reviews here and out on the web.But this phone is a real stinker...Supposedly somewhere there is an update to 2.1 Android... but I cannot find it. The applications are horribly useless unless you have AT&T.; Attaching the phone to my computer invariably wipes out all my network settings. Finally installed a ftp server to transfer even simple things (like music etc)I wouldn't wish this machine even on a kid... likely a kid would laugh at it. My wife just gets stuck on it because the back button disappears with most useful applications (of which there are few, as I said.)Save the money and go ahead and purchase a phone for $100 instead... because once you buy this beast you will definitely end up buying one anyway.Since last review:1) the phone attempts daily to send a phone message to somewhere in India... (not sure why)2) the phone drops BTL network weekly and we have to go in to BTL in order to get things reset so that it can connect to the cellphone network. (the phone tech just scratches his head in puzzlement)3) the responsiveness of the screen has disappeared when some applications are running, including the number pad used for placing phone calls, and the entry of new contacts.I am definitely looking into getting another cellphone for my wife...regards,les

The phone was great while it lasted but after only four months for some reason it was no longer able to pick up WiFi...I wouldn't recommend it

It a nice looking sleek adriod phone. This phone is very good the price you pay. This is a starting level andriod phone. I am very happy to have thisd phone for that price. Only issue with this phone is it is not having regular ear phone slot to use ear phones generally available in the market.

I love this Dell phone. It is a far sight better than the Iphone 4 or 5 just on the camera alone. Easy to use, super fast, eligant, and crispt talk time. It has a easy replace battery unlike the apple devices. My iphone cost me $180.00 to replace the battery but on this Dell a simple $9.00 and I have a backup batery that just pops in. 1,2,3..Easy as A,B,C. Thank you Dell!

This phone combines the short battery life of a smartphone with none of the benefits.  This is not a smartphone.  It does not seem to be possible to run two applications at once.  The battery drains incredibly fast.  To make matters worse, the charger comes in three pieces that don't seem to fit together at all and make charging an adventure as there always seems to be a loose connection.  I am willing to accept slow speed, small screens, etc. in a low priced phone but this one has proven useless.  Do not buy this.  I purchased a Pantech Crossover and I am unbelievably more satisfied with it.  It is slow but at least it is functional.  DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!

i like it is really nice phone i would say that if you want phone to use this is good phone.

Got my new Dell Aero Unlocked phone today (10/2/2012 tuesday) and it won't even charge, don't know if it's the charger or the phone. Very disappointing when new products right out the box don't work.

was a gift for my daughter and she loved it, as of today working properly. Excellent product, congratulations. 100% recomended

For less than $100, unlocked, this is a darn good phone.  The software is reasonable, though not nearly as well thought-out as iOS from the same (2010) era, and it has a lot of very good technical specifications, such as GPS, multi-band GSM for worldwide usage, and a capacitive touchscreen.  You really can't find a modern Android phone with anything like a comparable price and feature set.  I successfully downloaded and installed a couple apps from the Android Market, and linked it to my Google account.I tested the phone with the SIM from a friend's AT&T; iPhone.  Data and voice calls worked fine.  To give you a sense of battery life I can say that after about 26 hours, awake and on Wifi but with no SIM installed the battery is just under 50%.  Plan on charging daily.My phone came with a European-style charger and US adaptor for its plug.  (That was actually great for me since I plan to use it in Europe.)  The phone came set to European time.  The box had some Turkish writing on it, and the box had been opened.  Taking all three of those facts together, I presume this phone (like those of other reviewers) came from Turkey.  However, it had been cleanly set to work in English by the time it was sent to me.

Receive this phone on time, but not included the SD card memory described in the box. I need the dealer send to me this part of the cell phone. thanks.

very good i would recommend this to my friends. It has all the features that they had stated and it works really well

So far this phone works great. Very easy set up and the camera is pretty good. Android Marketplace works fine although it looks like Android 2.3 is on it right now. The phone is very light - I would rather have a heavier phone. Other than that it is a great deal for an unlocked phone.

good phone good reception works in costa rica in 3g with ICE, no spanish, fast shipping the screen is amazing and very responsive. GPS, camera and Wi-fi works as expected

Dear Sirs:This product came to my country on 09/28 and 10/7 stopped working.When one tries to turn the team presents the dell logo and stays well, not up the system.He led the team to identify the problem and tell me that is not the program but the flash memory is damaged.After that I read on the Internet that already several of these teams have the same problem.I understand that I have sold a troubled team and deserve to be compensated.No I advisable forward the team because I spent on freight from Dominican Republic to the United States almost as much as the purchase.I await your response.asap

Android 1.5 and I don't know how to upgrade it,Must of the apps don't work,Price is awesome, cellphone not

Excelente telefono una buena opcion para los que quieren tener un telefono inteligente a bajo costo. Economico, buena conectividad, liviano y muy cool

I purchased this Dell Aero cell phone in May'12 @ USA through Amazon.com. But I hardly used this phone. Now I am in India. The touch screen is not working at all. As a result I can not use this phone. I visited to Dell service center in my city (Kolkata) for service and came to know Dell noes not provide service any more for this phone in India. They informed me that the device could be replaced. But as it was sold & warranty was in US they are helpless.Could any one suggest me how this one could be repaired or replaced?Thanks in advance

I have thrown away my money. it's of no use to me. seems AT&T controls it although it is unlocked. it gets very hot without being on the charger. waste of time and money.  I regret big time.

I have had 6 of these phones.  I bought the original two in 2010 for a trip to Europe.  I have had problems such as the screen losing sensitivity where the 0 is located ( recycled that one), dropping the carrier, one days worth of battery under normal use, and the screen is also pretty small.  Aside from those problems, they are small and light, have wifi, gps (hard to use without a wifi connection), and a decent camera. We did use the phones on a Trip to England in 2012 to order train tickets over the B&B wifi when the laptop failed.  I now use these phones mainly as backups in my cars with T-Mobile Gold card chips which costs $100 but then you can renew them each year for only $10 and keep your number.  If you keep them turned off the battery has lasted at least 6 months without any degradation.  For what they cost they were the best deal in 2010.  Now (2014) there are better deals with the same utility.

its a very nice phone i like it alot. very good result and very easy to use. will recommand to others

The price was right but the reviews mixed. How could a brand new fully functioning smart phone with Android, wifi, GPS, etc. be priced this low?  Sure the processor is a bit slower than the newest phones, Android is advertised as an outdated 1.5 but guess what - the darn thing works really, really well!  And Android was updated to 2.1 by Dell and is on it when you get the phone which opens the door to thousands of useful apps.  Do not depend on a Dell warranty.  Although the phone is new in a broken seal box, an attempt to register and activate the warranty falls short - a "warranty expired" message from Dell and they just barely support the phone on their website.  The seller can't explain why and only stands behind their 30 day return policy (with restocking fee etc.)although Amazon policy states a new, unlocked phone must carry a manufacturer warranty.  There is info in the box in Turkish and the phone can be set to their language which makes me think it was manufactured for the foreign market and probably purchased in bulk by the seller for whatever reason.  None the less, if you want a low cost entry into the Android smart phone world, give this little misfit a try.  If you can work around a compacted on screen keyboard and some useless proprietary apps (it was designed for AT&T;) you can actually have fun with it.  The wifi works great - I even setup free VoIP phone calls with my gmail account without a problem.  Every new app I've downloaded works.  If you don't need instantaneous response times, this complex light weight smarty will deliver.  Get a silicone cover cause it seems so light and fragile it could blow away yet it is sturdy and function keys are well placed once you get used to it.  Loading apps on the SD card is ackward but can be done. I've paid more for an MP3 player or a camera - speaking of it has auto focus and and LED "flash" and takes great photos that you can instantly send via your favorite media. Straight Talk mobile uses the AT&T; network and works great on this phone.  You have to buy their sim and the "unlimited" plan but you get the same massive AT&T; coverage and many options for about half the cost.  Any GSM sim will work I suppose.  Sorry I ramble, but I am beginning to feel like a found a real bargain and want to share.  I took a chance and am pleasantly surprised at this point.  We'll see as the days go by.  Shop around for the best price - I paid $66.00Dell Aero Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 5MP Camera, GPS and Wi-Fi - Black

This is bad phone ever! I just inserted my sim card it keep on searching without detecting! Android software is locked u can't upgrade it.DONT BUY IT PLEASE.

So far so good. The phone complies with most of applications needed. I did not pay attention to other reviews when I decided to shop this item because I knew from experience what the Dell products are when it comes to quality and performance. My kids have no complaints so far and feel fine using it. I hope it continues on this low price to buy myself one.

This stupid phone died on me on the 1st day after the 30 day return had expired. got me very frustrated.Take this review very seriously. dont buy this phone

Este smartphone es excelente a pesar de tener una version android 2.1.  Le he podido descargar muchos apps, excepto que el skype requiere al menos version 2.2.  Es de dise&ntilde;o compacto, fuerte y resistente.  La bateria es el unico punto debil, pues le dura solamente un dia, por eso le puse 4 estrellas.  Si usa alguna aplicacion con GPS, esto se reduce a la mitad.  Si usted quiere un smartphone para practicar antes de comprarse un telefono de lujo... este es el correcto.  Le configure varias cuentas de correo, hotmail, outlook, yahoo, gmail y estoy usando el whatsapp.  Este telefono lo pienso usar en costa rica (Kolbi) y en guatemala (claro).  En mexico funciona perfecto con telcel.

I bought this phone to give as a gift and people loved it. Very good andriod phone at reasonable cost which provides all smartphone capabilities. Loved it.

I proud with this phone. I am very glad to be the only user of this phone in our country.

I had read mixed reviews on this phone but kept an open mind. When I first received the phone I had to purchase a sim card and activation kit from Straight Talk to make it work. This phone is not very user-friendly, it did not come with a detailed user manual, so, I had to figure out how most things worked on my own. I have not had consistent service. There are times when placing calls or receiving them that there is no sound and the person on the other end can't hear me either. Even on my home wi-fi network, service is very flaky. Most apps that I was able to download have not worked. I have gotten repeated pop-up messages saying that the application is not responding or to force close. I also keep getting messages that my sim card is not registered and only emergency calls are allowed. This is the most frustrating experience I have ever had with an android-type phone. Don't waste your time and money!

I liked the phone while it worked. Was my first android device. The screen was nice, the apps installed ok.The phone had trouble registering with tmobile and once a day would need to be restarted.  The battery life was pretty weak, about a day.  After a week it died while charging and won't turn on.  Dell support stinks for the phone.  I'm pretty disappointed.

its cool screen very fast OS but market place its terrible i can't to install aplications from 3rds its amazing, i thought that android was more flexible

I order this Phone on WED and the seller did get it to my house on Friday.  I am very happy about the Seller shipping.But so far I am not very happy about the phone, I had it around 2 days and I had to restart twice with no detection of sim card in my pocket. I did miss 3 calls because of this.  It is from Turkey but was program in English with a US adapter.I can't really complain about the phone features because is only 65 dollars and does have gorilla glass, music player (camera is awful).  I just hope it won't die on me after 1 week like the other reviewer.Overall if the Sim card detection stops, it is a great phone for 65 dollars.Update:  So far no more sim card detection after the first 2 days and the phone works great.

i only have this for for less than a year and the keypad is gone i am so made i will stay away for this phone i normally dont make reviews but this one needs to be said so others will not be fool

I brought this unlocked phone with google in it.This phone is made for (( AT&T )) remember this. I changed carriers to family mobile ( T-Mobile ) and had to have the phone jail broke to get it to work on the internet and I still cannot get e-mail or any of the apps. that you need google for it just will not happen.I called the person back that unlocked the phone and he said at&t has a lock that you can't brake the way they have the internet set  and at&t reps. say the same thing.SO BEWARE OF THIS DELL AERO  IF you just want to talk or look up something or take pictures its for you.

Buyer be aware, I just received my this phone and it is the Turkish mode, everything is in turkish, although if you click around enough you will be able to change the language to english.  I have contacted the seller and he claims he was unaware that the product is foreign, even though there was a european to american pug converter slipped into the box, and even though multiple people who ordered this phone have complained that they received a foreign model.  The phone itself is very slow and runs an ancient version of android, however it I was able to get it working after fiddling with it for a day or two.

I recently switched from AT&T to Straight Talk to cut down on my cell phone bill.  I needed an ulocked cellphone and as I didn't know DELL made cellphones was happy to find it on Amazon for a Great price...Very Happy so far...

The phone worked okey the first days, then it started running slower. Plus, the publication says that it's an UNLOCKED PHONE but after a month of use the phone indeed got lock and it can't be unlocked anymore.

dell aero, is phone that does not work, it seems a steal, just I have a week with him and no longer turnscell phone camera to take the few times I had a resolution pesima picture, you can download more applications in the phone, this is a scam

buscaba un telefono el cual pudiera usar en cualquier punto de wifi y este fue el perfecto,un telefono con buena imagen y recepcion,facil de conectarse al wifi exelentes fotos con sus 5mp y muy resistente a los golpes,buena relacion calidad-precio,por menos de 100$ creo que es una muy buena opcion

it does not work effectively, generaly you can not contact anyone,when  the other people's cellphone works, &#305;t is connection is very bad and too slow.

Cannot even upgrade this thing. Kind of a bad decision for a phone. Really can't believe Dell would even sell anything like this. ATT I can understand they do not care about customers either. Thought Dell did but like every other large company, you bought it your stuck with it so like it or lump it. Just like what HP does to people. Thought it was customers like us that built these companies but I guess not.

bueno la verdad para mi es un m&oacute;vil con muy buenas caracter&iacute;sticas,teniendo en cuenta que es uno de los primeros android, veloz y buena c&aacute;mara fotogr&aacute;fica ya que el v&iacute;deo a&uacute;n no lo he probado; en cuanto al precio de us.80.99 me pareci&oacute; excelente.ademas me gust&oacute; comprar con amaz&oacute;n por que me cumplieron en cuanto a tiempo.well the truth for me is a phone with very good features, considering it is one of the first android, fast and good camera and video that have not tried it yet, as the price seemed excellent us.80.99 .Also liked buy from Amazon for I met in time.

nice phone for my young kids they enjoy making calls and taking pice and with the android os they get all the games they want to play free

Telefono bien, conforme lo describen, todo completo, ningun problema, estoy contento precio y todo lo que ofrece, bien, perfecto, todo buena pantalla

Customer service was very helpful help out as much as they can  ~~ its a great phone lots of apps
