
Phone is fast and a smart design. All you can get of a smartphone on the size of an iPhone, but at with an accesible price.

I like the phone, it arrived on time & it was in the original package. The seller was great. The only problem is my facebook & twitter doesnt work & it takes forever to upload. You can also upgrade the system to make run faster. Use your sd because the storage space is limited, u can download 10-13 apps depending on thier size.

It is good and can use it worldwide, same as deceived and very good as well. The functions are great tganks

I chose this item because it was similar to a previous phone I had, was compatible with my plan and was compact so I would be less likely to drop it.  The only thing that is a problem is texting cause the board is small.  It is easier to landscape the screen to type and text.  However, I prefer a qwerty keypad to the touchscreen so others may not find this a problem.  Yet, obviously this has been noted as a problem so HTC provides a lot of suggestions when typing to help with identifying errors.

Good night,The phone HTC Aria A6366 have volume key in disrepair.How can you do for your review?Thanks

this phone was purchased for a cousin of mine and she loves the phone.  only minor fault its a little small.

Buen producto en perfecta condiciones todo como esta en  descripci&oacute;n buen servicio gracias espero seguir comprando mas sigan as&iacute; ok

I garbbed this because I wanted a Droid and it was cheaper than an Iphone. Big mistake because this thing sucks. The battery life is laughable, I can't even make it through a day without needing a charge and i don't call/text or even surf the web that much. The camera is grainy and takes forever to focus.The system itself is glitchy as all hell as it tells me I'm out of memory yet my sd card has a ton of free space. Not only that but the web and everything is worse than a dial up connection and that's with full bars in a 3G area. I also barely get service anyway and it comes and goes by the touch of my hand, litterly i'll unlock it and have full bars and then no service once i pick it up

Es el segundo que compro. Para mi es muy util pues es de tama&ntilde;o peque&ntilde;o y no necesito mucho espacio para llevarlo conmigo (cabe perfectamente en un bolsillo de jean)Velocidad promedio, abre bien tweetdeck, skype, WA, Flickr y demas aplicaciones.Si busca un telefono peque&ntilde;o y funcional este es.Ah y la camara es muuuy buena!

this phone does alot very good I love this phone it fits in my pocket it don't take up space really convient

HTC Aria is a wonderful mobile phone - Android is the best OS in the world. I'm just disapointed with battery life - is so poor.

I've choosen this smartphone because it has all necessary features for me (wi-fi, gps) and the price is really low. The design is outstanding, touch screen is easy to work with and the display is very bright and clear. Also it's small size is an advantage to me. Camera doesnt have a LED-flash, even so the photos look good, especially when you take photos in the daylight. When my aria arrived,it had the android 2.2 OS, so I have rooted it and installed unofficial CM10 (Android 4.1.2) It works fine,very easy to use and looks good. About the battery life: it lasts for 2 - 2,5 days under normal use.  Excuse me for some mistakes,if any

The phone is ok but I expected more out of it. I thought the space on the phone itself was larger but I really needed more space to do what I want to do. Also, the touch screen especially the dial pad when hanging up or making a call sometimes delay a bit. These are some of the drawback. However, despite that I like the fact that it is small and very portable. I like the options for downloading cool stuff like Skype and other software. Again the main challenge is storage capacity and in spite of buying a SD card, the phone won't allow me to store some of the stuff I download to the sd card...

I got this phone for my daughter, as she had one previously and loved it. (until she dropped and destroyed it) So I am planning on surprising her for Christmas with this new one...  It came in a paper envelope (no Box) and looks to be a refurbished phone. I thought that I was paying a premium for the new Phone. How do I wrap this phone and tell her that it is new? Where is the Box?

It doesn't works properly. When i make a call the display disapeare so when the call finish i couldn't turn it off.

It's good for a cheap smart phone.  It is very slow when running apps like Facebook and the apps tend to crash all the time.  If you have patience and don't want to spend a lot this phone is for you.

Great desing, dimensions and weight, performance, OS, camara and video.Does not include SD Card.Battery runs out quickly.Note for Costa Rican buyers: Phone works in Costa Rica 3G and GSM network

these are tough little phones. but they are little ;)i've had a year of experience with this guy. here's what i know.PROS: Unlockable. Clockwork Recovery. Multiple Custom ROMS and active development community. Responsive clear screen. Pocket size. Hot swappable SD. Abundant Accessories (via amazon ;). After flashing a custom rom you get: Tethering, Overclocking, Faster 3G.CONS: Low battery life (it goes a day with active monitoring and conservative apps. the rapid charger will bring it back to 100% in an hour ;). Pocket size. 800mhz leaves something to be desired but is not unreasonable, especially in this configuration.it's a solid piece of hardware.

I bought this phone because I needed it to work for the 850Mhz band (Costa Rican Network ICE). According to the seller's description, this phone worked on the 850/1900Mhz band. When I received the phone, turned out that it was a HTC Aria A6380 model, which it works only for the 900/2100Mhz band!!!! and not the A6360 model which works on the 850/1900Mhz band! Seller must clarify technical specifications or must send exactly what is on the description of the product!!!!!! Please be aware!!!!

I was looking for a phone with nice features packed in a convenient size. While the screen size may feel small, the screen resolution is very good and compensates teh size.This phone is packed with very good features similar to other high end phones.

This phone is small, compact, and for the most part is o.k. for a smartphone. The keyboard is difficult to type on and the camera is definitely not the best picture quality. I got the phone for $50.00, so that's not too bad but i believe the phones with anactual keyboard and not the touch screen keyboard would work better.

had a lot of problems with the phone. Constant hissing in the background ect. I went and purchased another phone and changed my carrier. I am happy now

I bought this HTC Intruder/Aria phone in October 2010 and have been pretty well pleased with it. The interface is very user-friendly; it has a very good layout, enabling simple and quick navigation. Physically, the phone is on the smaller side, making it easy to fit into a pocket of a pair of pants. However, for those who like to watch movies on their mobile devices, this is not for you. The screen is perfect for normal smart phone functions, but unfavorable for videos. There are two problems I had with this phone. First, the touch screen keyboard is terrible. Coming from five years of iPhone use (first geneneration, 3G, 3GS), HTC's touch input is tremendously sub-par in comparison. Second, the Intruder is not durable. I dropped it once from maybe two feet off the ground and screen cracked. But, then again, this cracked screen has held up for over a year. Overall, it's not a bad phone. Some areas could improve, but most features of the phone are acceptable.

It is what it is for the price but it doesn't compare to other smartphones. Also, remember that you need you will need an additional SD card (memory card) to take pictures and such.

At a time when everyone was going to larger and larger screens, this phone had all the power and usability of a larger phone, but in a smaller, more svelte container.  It was sad when HTC and ATT stopped selling these.  The modern equivalent is the HTC One Mini.

I've been using this phone for a few months and I'm already hitting constraints on the phone memory of only 384 MB. Please note that it's the internal phone memory which fills almost immediately, not the SD Card that you can change. It was sufficient to install a dozen of applications and voila', the memory is already full. I tried to move applications to the SD Card, but not for all of them is possible. So here I am stuck with a phone with a ridiculously low memory of 384 MB RAM that doesn't allow me to install other applications. If I had known I would have never bought it.

I ordered this phone for my hubby because he broke his phone at work. I recieved the phone sooner than expected. But when I put the sim card in it said SIM IMEI locked. So I called AT&T thinking they would unlock the SIM card for me, but my SIM isn't even locked. Its the phone. Wow what a disappointment!!!!

This is a bad phone. As soon as i turned it on it restarted over and over again, its been three days i bought this phone & cant ever go a minutes WITHOUT RESTARTING for NO REASON !THIS WAS IS WORTHLESS  OF MONEY

Camera was bad,the phone and screen is small but thick. had problem connecting to internet due to hardware. I wouldnt recommend

I really love my phone. It's a very nice size and fits in my hand and pocket nicely. It works well and I use it constantly. The battery life is as good as you get with a android touchscreen. I only have to charge it every two days usually but every once in awhile every day.  I dropped my phone a few times but one time it fell on concrete and the screen broke but I got it fixed and it still works well. The reason I took one star off is that the internal memory is very small and even with an SD card, it gives me problems sometimes. You really need to have an SD card with this phone. But I highly recommend this phone to others.

More compact than your typical smartphone and this makes the screen smaller.It has the same functionality as the larger HTC phones and other smartphones.No complaints with the phone. I've only had it for 1 month.

works just fine - email and web access and upgraded to a higher level of android OS - use Walmart's cell service and saving tons of money

I have been using this phone for about six months now.  When I say 'using this phone', I actually mean that I'm on my second one.  The first one I had to turn back in to AT&T; after about three months because the system kept crashing or locking up so that only taking the battery out would help.  AT&T; replaced it with what I assume was a refurbished version, and that fixed that problem.  So I thought.  For the past month, I have been fighting such slow response from the phone's operating system.  Text messages take anywhere from 2-5 minutes just to show up after someone sends them (even after you hear the chime) and the same for when you're trying to send them to someone.  And just earlier today, I was trying to view my text messages, and it got stuck on a 'loading' screen that I couldn't get past without turning the phone off.When the phone works, I'm happy and content with it.  I love the shortcuts and Andrdoid marketplace.  The MP3 player is also easy to use and load music on to, not to mention it's very easy to create your own ringtones.  But lately it's been working less and less often.  I'll definitely not be sending this one back for replacement.  I think I'm finally ready to just give in, join the masses and get an iPhone.

THe phone is an AT&T Refurbished device..and the condition was 8/10. It was fully unlocked. I had no issues with setting with a sim of my choice and network. No problem with the seller, the phone has its own pros and cons..Just look through some other site for a complete review about the phone..

I have given this phone this rating simply because of the time the battery lasts i am not a heavy user of my phone in terms of apps or talking on the phone but my battery cannot last for more than four hours so i have to charge my phone three times a day!!! Apart from that love the phone

I recently just brought the HTC Aria. I was excited to get it on yesterday. As I was about to charge the phone, I noticed the charger is the wrong one. It is an HTC charger just not the one to fit the Aria, it fits those such as the myTouch 3g, Magic, etc. If you are an AT&T customer, you will have to call in to get your sim unlocked if it is not already done. The battery life is definitely a con for those of us that use the internet a lot. Other than that, the phone is an overall good phone for an exceptional price!

I recieved the phone in such a timely manner two days after ordering. It was Fantasitic! I was excited, this would have been the first new phone I've had in three years.  I was already to get my phone going, and plug it up for a full charge....buts oops the charger didn't fit. I was very dissapointed. The 25 minutes I had with the charge that the phone was sent with I was very pleased. It was the right size not too big, the same size as the phone that I've had for the last three years.  It looke like it took great pictures, (I was only to take one). Anyway, I would have loved the option to just request a new charger, but I did not, so I had to send the whole unit back :-( . I guess my advice to the vendor would be to please make sure ALL parts are the correct ones before sending, just don't assume. Thanks!

I bought this phone for a friend of mine, but after a week, the battery is only working for 2 hours or so. It has to be connected almost all the time! The OS and functions are good, but having a 2hour battery is a big problem for a person that needs to move from one place to another constantly.Don't buy it!

Unfortunately, I only found out later that the QuadBand only applies to VOICE.  The 3G feature is only dual band and I can rarely get more than GPRS/EDGE in most of Asia.  Otherwise, the size, responsiveness of the touch screen, etc. is OK.  The Android 2.2 OS is getting dated, and the on board flash is smallish for apps.

I find it shocking that so many people have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. If you compare this to a Samsung Galaxy, they are nearly the same, this is just a little smaller. However, they are built like a tank, and you would have to try HARD to break it. It is definitely better and any iCrap out there. Also, I had one of these once, and it god dropped in a puddle of water with no case. It still came on, and the screen didn't respond to touch for about a week, then it started working again. It didn't even short the battery. I give it a thumbs up. Waaaaaay up.

This phone is amazing for the price. I had very few issues with the phone itself.HardwarePros-It is very responsive despite the 600MHz processorSound and video quality is impressiveCheap!!!!Compact, less chance of cracking screenCons -The screen feels a bit small when typingThe optical track pad could have been closer to the soft keysThe soft keys get pressed accidentallyNo LED FlashNo headset or data cable and the charger is not original HTC charger.SoftwareIt comes with android 2.1 which has no proxy supportI needed to upgrade to android 2.2I would recommend this phone to someone looking for an android phone on a budget

I like this model but the microphone stopped working after two and a half years.  I ordered a replacement but it took too long to get the phone.  I needed to contact the seller several times as one part was broken.  Finally, I think,  it is okay.

I did not like this phone at all. It was too small, when talking on the phone could hardly hear the other party. Was just totally disappointed in this phone. Also no front facing camera. This phone is not worth the amount I spent on it.

htc aria a6366 unlocked gsm phone whith android 2.1 os,touchscreen.recib&iacute; este articulo sin el l&aacute;piz de pantalla y sin la memoria. deseo saber si viene imcompleto, no puedo tirar fotos con el telefono.

It had been in water because no one could hear you when you talk to them .But I was unable to send it back because It was drop on cement floor and the front was brook so my lose right. I really like odering from you but will be more careful next time .

I purchased the phone from this dealer - it arrived in the box- great- the manual they included was printed off the internet- could not even read it.  Now the phone over heats when I plug it in with the plug that was provided and the phone no longer works after a month.  Do NOT BUY!

The phone came in a roughed up box but looked quite nice, however when I started using it it kept restarting. Either I was unlucky and got a new phone that has a problem or this is a refurbished phone that didn't work properly and they sold it to me anyway. Buyer Beware!

I've owned a number of phones over the years and I've never had a phone that breaks so easily as the HTC Aria does. I am now on my third one in seven months, after the screens of first two broke when they fell. I'm not the kind of person who is careless with their phones and I rarely drop them; the second one even had a silicon case on it. However, both broke on the first fall on a hard surface. The issue appears to be that the edge of the screen is exposed so any fall in which the phone lands on the edge will cause it to break. The only solution seems to be to get a bulky hard case for the phone, which kind of defeats one of the reasons for choosing the Aria, which is to get a smartphone that is relatively small. Otherwise, I am mostly happy with the functionality and performance of the phone. Too bad HTC made such an obvious mistake in the design.

If I could have a phone in my watch, I would.The HTC Aria is the closest next thing.A small phone that has everything: clear calls, fast internet connection, free android apps, fm radio, decent camera.I have had this phone for two years and though I shattered the screen twice and got the phone replaced, this has not been a problem since I installed a screen protector.I you are looking for a phone that will not add more bulk to your life, this is it!

I ordered this phone as a back up phone because I dropped my old one. At first I was having troubles linking the phone to my Facebook/Twitter/E-mail account and the default internet browser could not connect on the 3G network. I was about to send it back but I eventually got it to work. The battery life is horrible though so I would suggest buying a second battery if you are away from home all day. I went a day without charging it and the battery life was critically low at the end of they day. I only used it to text and maybe one or two small phone calls. Great phone though. The OS is amazing and it's working like a charm!Edit!!!!!I've had this phone for almost a month. 4 more days and I wouldn't be able to return it. I don't know if I got a faulty unit but the phone that I got is horrible!!! The facebook application quit working on me. I have tried re-installing, looked for updates and there are non available. I gave up on Facebook for this phone. I keep getting delayed text messages. The time it says on the text message is on average 5 min. before I actually get the message. I have 3G signal about 20% of the time (I live in the suburbs with an at&t; store right down the street so there shouldn't be any reason for this. Although I have at&t; it would've been better if the logo and at&t; software would've been erased. I paid for a FULLY unlocked phone so I expect a FULLY unlocked phone with no cell-phone company logo/software. The battery dies in less than a day. I'm a college student and an employee. I don't have time to charge my phone every 5 hours! I also don't like the idea of carrying my charger with me every where I go. The default browser on the phone doesn't work. I tried to go to pretty much every mainstream website out there and this is the message I get: Access to this URL has been blocked. Why on Earth would it be blocked in the first place?? It's not illegal to unlock your phone so is at&t; behind this? I plugged in brand new headphones for the first time and the tip of it broke off in the audio jack. I have tried every method in the book to get it out but it is really lodged in there. I don't believe it was a faulty headphone unit because unless it came covered in super glue then it is the audio jack in the phone's fault. I don't wish to open up the phone and remove it that way because I don't want to give the sellers a reason not to refund my money completely. I'm just going to send it back as is! I've never had such a bad experience with a product bought via Amazon.com. I originally rated this product 4 stars but I lowered to a 1 star. Again, it might just be that I got a faulty unit but this is completley unnacceptable and should be noted and published in the form of a review just to warn other shoppers what they might get. I hope no one else goes through this experience.Sincerely,One outraged shopper2nd Edit!I talked to their customer care service and they were prompt, friendly, and helpful. I'm sure it was just a one time mistake of selling a faulty unit but it is still unacceptable. They said that they will give me a full refund so there's that!

Todo llego como se detallaba en la publicidad. Ademas el envio fue rapido y confiable. Recomendado al 100% gracias. t

I had this phone for about a year and it was ok. The battery life does not last long at all maybe 3-4 hours. When you send a text message sometimes it acts really slow and then it crashes. If you are looking for a sturdy phone this is not one for you. I had a protective cover over it and only dropped it 3 times in the last year that I've had it and now the phone does not work. I have no reception at all. Cant make a phone call cant send a text message nothing. Facebook. After awhile your facebook starts to become severely slow and you can't see what pictures people have posted. Other then that the phone is good. It had some really good apps.

I got this phone because I thought the latest models were too expensive.  I don't need to be connected all of the time and the reviews for this phone suggested that it was one of the best when it came out.I was disappointed to find there were no headphones in the unit.  Compared to a blackberry I find it very difficult to quickly get to a name in my contacts.  I find it annoying that I cannot get the notifications to only alert me for certain kinds of events e.g. only SMS or What's app.I do like the form factor.Overall though I don't recommend the phone.

I owned the HTC Aria for two years. It served me very faithfully, and I really liked it even with all of its caveats. The only thing that really got me though was that because of a lack of space, (especially once I installed Android 2.2) I couldn't have any apps on the phone. I found that this really defeats the purpose of having a smartphone in the first place. Anyhow, I wish HTC made more phones like this but stronger.

Still not sure if it is unlocked. Regardless its an excellent little phone. And little is no exaggeration. Thought it would be hard to type on but not bad.

A very nice phone, in excellent condition. I recommend it. The phone works with 3G network in Costa Rica ICE

ismael of Venezuela I will buy a HTC-123 Aria to abe and here I have my perfectly functional team thank amazon was a clean process and word thank you very much

Ordered this phone and loved everything about it. The screen and video graphic are crystal clear. Unfortunately for whatever reasons the phone just keeps rebooting itself randomly and sometimes I have to remove the battery and put it back in just to restart the phone. It's a pain and it's a deal breaker so I have to return the phone. It's an unfortunate even though I really loved the phone.

Bought the phone to use in west Africa Phone does not work.came back to USA tried using it doesn't work either.return widow to has expired, no number to call customer service to even let them know that i bought a defective phone.Please do not buy

i want to no do it work good in with att before i buy it is this phone very good

Purchased this phone a year ago, and needed to replace it after losing it.  Bought the exact same model, as there is no equivalent. The phone is a convenient size, the battery lasts over 24 hours with moderate use, and the weak processor doesn't seem to impact the interface responsiveness. You won't be winning any awards with any photos you take with the phone's camera, though.Note: phone comes with 2GB SD card.

the phone that was sold to me those not work properly anytime you try to make i call you lose the screen and i want to return it back

Easy to use mid range phone. Easy to debrand and root. battery life is below average. touch pad is easy to use.

Producto de excelente calidad,Este celular hasta el momento cumple con las expectativas que tuve al momento de comprarlo.Lo recomiendo.con toda confianza

it s perfect ok. fh nf nfh ,f ,f mf mjn nnb nbn mbb nbb nmnb mnb mnb nnbbb mb

This phone is very small. And it is ridiculous to purchase a phone and it dont come with a headset.

I don't like this product because the first thing: This phone did not come with a cahrger and the back of it was missing you would not know this because it is covered up with a case. I had a charger that fit the phone but it will not hold a cahrge. The phone was deliverd in a small box and that's it. I paid 179.00 for this phone and can not even use it.I wish there was away i couldc get my money back for this but a lesson learned.

I found that, this was not the phone for me, but Tablet Distributors was wonderful about handling the return.  I would purchase from them again in a heartbeat.

The phone was to my surprised not unlocked as advertised, and that alone cost me extra $30 to unlock it.

The phone is awesome! Only small con is that the phone is branded as AT&T and that AT&T's software is installed on it...as the HTC aria is only being made for AT&T.

Product meets my need completely. The HTC Aria was exactely what I was looking for. I've been using this phone for over a month now, with no problems. Having moved up to a smart phone, I know that I made the right choice.  The only negative is the short battery life, but I knew that from the other reviews before ordering. HTC makes great products.Dave Clark

Pros - The phone was in great shape, battery was good, screen was good.  I've always liked HTC's phsyical phone construction, and this phone was no different.  I found it easy to get the battery cover off, and never worried about anything breaking, even when dropped.  It's small and compact, fit very easily  into any pocket or bag.  Of course, it had no problems with my account on AT&T.;Cons - I knew it was smaller, I was unprepared for how small it really was.  I believe it's a 3.2&#34; screen?  Trying to type on it as a touch screen was a nightmare, and it didn't have the power to run voice to text well.  Perhaps an even bigger issue is the internal memory size - at 512MB, it runs out of space very quickly.  Performance was poor across the board.  It's inadequate for anything other than basic phone functions (calls, texts, contacts)I ended up loading Cyanogenmod onto it so I could better manipulate what little resources there are.  Once i had root and CM loaded, I was able to use simple2ext to extend its internal memory onto the 32GB add-on sd card.  Once I had 4GB internal, it was much easier to do what I needed to, but performance issues never went away completely.I swapped to a new phone as soon as I could get one that was half-decent.  In retrospect, I would have just saved the 80.00, used the 4 year old feature phone I have in a drawer somewhere. and put the money towards a modern smartphone when I could afford it.

Great phone I knew it would be being my second but I bought this one used and the item is in immaculate shape just like new. Will definitely buy from this seller again.

I got this phone as a gift. I have tmobile so was obviously happy it was unlocked. And it infact came unlocked. It came in an ATT box which kinda confused me at first. Anyways you should know that when you buy this phone you need to get the update for the phone, and you need to download the sync for the phone to connect to the computer or it will NOT work. [...] has both downloads. The top being for the sync, the bottom being for the actual update. Other than that, it's a great phone. I love it so far.

I give this smartphone 4stars great for anyone with small hands packed with power has lots of memory great for pictures only downside is there is no flash.....

Today I got the phone, plugged it in and tried it. The phone is pretty bad, I'm using it on the T-mobile band and it has 1-2 bars where I normally get full bars on my old phone. I also ran into issues with the internet. It would not allow me to type any APN for my carrier. It would just show a blank screen. I cannot update the phone either as it doesn't let me connect to the internet. I also had trouble with the "E" and "D" key. When I typed for "google.com" it would give me "googlr or googlw.com" It would never let me press the letter "e". I want a refund for this phone, its terrible and a lot of functions do not work. It could be because it's used or defective, I do not know.

is a great phone, the camera is good, you could install everything you want it, only you have to install HTC Sync version 3.0.5372..... and enjoy it your phone

At the beginning i was amaze about it, but when the times come and you start downloading more apps the inner memory goes full and there is nothing to do, its really short of memory less than 500 Mb or something i don't remember, and also you can't root it because its going to work in the worst way possible.

MUY BUEN TELEFONO ,SE LOS RECOMIENDO A LA GENTE DE COSTA RICA PARA TRABAJAR EN LA RED 3G. ESTE QUE ME LLEGO ES LA SERIE 6366 Y VENIA CON EL ANDROIDE 2.2...ME GUSTA MUCHO ESTE TELEFONO.

good phone use it for a bit

The HTC Gratia (A6380) runs the more recent Android 2.2 rather than 2.1 that runs on the HTC Aria (A6366)The 600MHz processor inside the HTC Gratia (A6380) doesn't support Adobe Flash streaming video unlike the HTC Aria (A6366)The HTC Gratia (A6380) supports the WCDMA 3G network unlike the HTC Aria (A6366) which supports the HSDPA 3.5G networkThese two phones are not the same from both a hardware and software perspective.

I order this unlocked phone for my boyfriend to use when he moved to Colombia with me this spring, but since he's been in Bogota the phone worked for less than 24hrs. We got a phone plan with a sim card that works in any unlocked GSM phone (the sim works in my unlocked phone); however, the phone would only stay on for a few minutes at a time and then shut itself off, until finally it stopped turning on altogether. We thought there might be a bad connection between the phone and the battery and thus took it to a repair shop that was recommended to me by local friends. Unfortunately the repairman said that the problem isn't with the battery but is a technological problem with the phone. He recommended that we return it to the sender, as it would be expensive to fix, if it is even possible. Unfortunately since this purchase was a gift to be used months after it was given, the return period has expired, and I'm left with a useless phone.I've bought a number of unlocked phones before and never had this problem. However, after this experience I will not purchase another phone from amazon.

The phone came to me with deficits, you could not turn off airplane mode no matter how many times you tried.

The product reached well before time. . .in perfect condition. Also 'am a T-Mobile user and this one worked well for me.Handset is pretty compact, fits my palm and is very light. Camera too is good, the only bad thing is that HTC didn't add LED Flash to it.Tried connecting it to the Internet via WiFi and it got connected smoothly. Pages gets loaded in a couple of seconds, which is OK.Charging takes too long. . .it's been two hours now since I had it connected to my laptop and it's still not fully charged. Hope it gives me a decent standby :-]

I have been using this product now for 1.5 years. I have rooted it and installed CM7 (Android 2.3.7 Gingerbread) with which you can move almost any application to the SD card. So the aforementioned memory issue is really not a problem. If you are a power user and comfortable with rooting and installing ROMs I would highly recommend it. What I most like is the form factor since I really do not like to carry a big smartphone in my pocket.

This was just what I was looking for. This is a good unlocked phone that I was looking for as a replacement. I have had one before and was looking for another. Great and I am very happy with the HTC phone.

The phone is not NEW as claimed, I can notice that the screws were damaged (obviously someone took the phone apart) and the max it is refurbished. Didn't come with the headphones (claimed as a new phone), no manual, CD, etc. SO BEWARE of WHAT YOU BUY!!!!

Hello, I bought a HTC Aria a month ago, this is a new item and works fine, also it works in Ecuador on Claro ( Porta ) network , even have 3g enable.Its a good option.
