
after one week of activation screen got black spots and lines all over need to return now im very disapointed

I returned the item twice. The home and return button did not work.  The phone was very used although it had a good or very good status.  I am still waiting to get reimbursed by this company.  Don't use it.

This is a great phone for the money. My only complaint is the battery life but then again I bought it used so that could be the cause. I got this to replace my LG marquee because it was stolen and Sprint didn't seem to care. Let me just say it is a great travel replacement phone.

I tend to like the phones that Motorola makes. Very easy to use and not spend to much to purchase. I had to return this phone because I made a mistake when ordering it. I thought I was purchasing an unlocked phone. The company returned my money when I shipped it back and I was satisfied.

Was so excited to get this. Good size screen, super fast, bright and clear.... BUT!! I wasnt aware that this is a 2 year old phone. Seems refurbished to me. My first red flag was what the inside looked like when I took the back off to put the battery in. Then the first week I had it, it got multiple black lines all the way across the screen and a big black blob. It glitches out, freezes up, and shuts off when youre in the middle of something. Only major plus is that Verizon is an awesome service. I get almost full bars no matter where I am. Hate the phone itself, though. And WAY overpriced. Do your research before buying this phone. Don't waste your money.

The title when I purchased the phone said it was a New Old Stock phone, which it is not.It is a refurb and looks fine, and have yet to test it.Had it been new, it would have been kept as a spare. But since it is a refub, I will have to put it through its paces and will edit this review if there are any issues.

This is my first smart phone. I've had it since Christmas and have had no problems with the phone. Calls are clear. Screen size is nice. Battery life is about the only complaint I have. I'm not a heavy data streamer. I end up charging the phone roughly every other day, sometimes daily if I use bluetooth a lot. A rear facing camera lens would have been a good feature to have. Can't use Tango app for video chatting. Over-all, I am quite satisfied with my purchase.

Excellent Got it fast and phone works perfectly. Phone was in excellent condition just like it said. I had no problems what so ever.

No issues. This phone is essentially as good as my Razr Maxx phones at a much lower price. Very slim design, long battery life.

Bought this to finish a contract out,  and sent to my brother.  I have one just like it that I gave my son.  It works just as good as the newer droid phones,  has a good size too it, and all the features except a front face camera.  This phone is a good buy, the package arrived on time and in perfect condition.

I bought this as a replacement one since my contract was not up yet and the other phone didn't have any warranty left on it and I didn't have the insurance.  This one although brand new sucks too.  It reboots on me, i dropped it once onto a carpeted floor from a small distance and the screen has 3 huge black dots on it.  Used to love the phone but won't get a motorola again

Was not satisfied at all phone looked over 20 yrs old as if a small child had it and damaged it

I have had 2 droid x cell phones.  This one from day 1 never worked well.  The 1st day I got it, The home button didn't work well. It would not go to the home screen or do anything when I pressed it. All the other buttons worked well.  After dealing with it for 2 days, I went to go file for a return and it rebooted itself and started working.  A few weeks later exact same thing happened again.  Button stopped working and when I went to file for a return, it started working again.  Fast forward a few months.  The Home and Menu buttons fell off.  Looks like they were replaced at some point with inferior parts.  Now the charging circuit has gone bad.  It will only charge for a few seconds then shut off and repeat.  My other Droid X, I purchased from Verizon, I have had now for about 4 years and I have never cracked a screen, broken a button, or had any operationally impeding damage to it. The only thing that I have had to deal with is a replacement battery and an LED on the home button is going out but the button still functions.  This purchase is now past its return policy and I am stuck with it. It was suppose to be brand new but it looks like they sent me a refurbished model from everything I have seen go on with it. That is very disappointing and if I had any proof that they swapped a new one for a refurbished one, I would take them to court in a heart beat.

I love this phone. I would recommend it to anyone. I holds charge good and this is the second droid x I had. I purchased one about 6 years ago and it held up for about 5 years. now I purchased another one b/c I loved it so much and meant my every need. this phone arrived on time and it was in excellent shape. very satisfied customer.

now that i have it i don't like it. the battery run down fast. i turn everything off it still does not last 24 hours. your service was great.

Out dated and not needed. Sneaky phone manufacturers naming newer phone models severely close to an older version such as this one is not very nice to the dog tired parent at Christmas time. Let's just say that your child wants a cell phone for Christmas. Your schedule has been slam packed with work clean through the end of Summer of the following year and hasn't much room for you to even try to think about squeezing in a summer vacation. So communication with the child is becoming of more and more importance. Your flipping through Amazon checking out deals and fighting the Zzz... monster.  Next thing you know, bam! You can make your way to bed! You just found a brand new phone that's hot on the market for a steel and now everyone is going to be happy. You get the phone in the mail... and you realize that the &#34;bam&#34; was really a train wreck happening that has still yet to come to an end. Thankfully Amazon and the Company's that partner with them are pretty cool about returns. Now.. quick do you have enough time to get an actual up to date phone on the net in time for the big day? Or should you just run to the VZ store and call it good, a lesson learned about shopping online while tired?

I ordered this for my husband because he ruined his phone and when we got it in he decided he wanted a newer upgrade so I had to return it, but it went very smooth and because of that I liked doing business with them.

It has black dots on the screen and other various little problems with it, it was described as being like brand new

It's a nice phone has great features but doesn't have the power to pull it off, it needs more memory

Purchased phone for my daughter i have one close to the same thing and I love my phone hopefully she will to.great price to.

I had so many problems with this phone I don't know where to start..  I realize it's an old phone but the basics like the touch screen didn't work, it froze, never connected to the internet, couldn't shut it down, texting features were the worst.  Take the battery out and reset it only for it to return to the screen it was frozen on to begin with.  Hate doesn't begin to express how I feel about this phone!  Glad it's gone!  The dealer who sold it...top notch!

I can't get the phone loud enough when I am listening directly from the phone or my hard wire ear plug. The battery does not last for the whole day and I don't do that much.

I really like this phone. The battery in it is awful. Really short battery life. We recently took a trip to Vegas and I wanted to use my phone to send pictures to my kids but the battery would only last a couple of hours so when I wanted to take a picture the phone was dead. We are now looking for a phone or my husband and the only reason we are not getting another one of these phones is because of the battery. If the battery was better I don't think I would ever buy any other phone.

No its a piece of junk and o wont be buying any more &#34;good deals&#34; again...  total disaappoinment. Hate it.

First let me say the phone came late. Them when I get it,it will not hold a charge ans I can not download music or apps. I finally just decided to keep the phone as my upgrade is coming up And I at least can receive calls

Well worth the $150. Got me a newer phone when my contract wasn't up and works way better than my enV Touch did. It was used and worked like it was new.

I hate the thing, two different verizon store has told me it is a refurbished phone, the battery is messed up, it gets the phone hot. I was told I need a new battery and the only way to get one is to order it. When I bought it they said it was a new phone, I could have gotten a refurbished one for a lot less than 93.00 and it ends up being one anyway. I have to swipe the thing as many as 5 times to answer it and have to keep trying to make a call on it. Thank you for asking.

I should have returned it, but I thought I would learn to like, but no. It is so slow its painful. When making. Call you push the send button and it doesn't send, next thing you know your calling the same person on both lines.UGH!!! I want my iphone back

The phone did arrive on time. It does look new, but doesn't work like new. Almost instantly the screen started acting up. It fades to black when there should be a visible screen so that selections can be made on any part of the key pad. The battery does not hold a charge like it should,and the buttons on the lower right front of the phone fell out completely. There held in by scotch tape because I run a otter box case with this phone. My opinion about this droid x? It sucks..! I've had 3 of these phones in all,and the others were made in Japan or China with no problems like this at all. This one was made in korea and like I said " sucks" it's too bad these were really good durable phones once, and now their built like crap. It should be illegal to sell knockoff S*** like this phone.

There's is not enough character space for me to quantify how much this fails!!!! From it constantly freezing, crashing, not installing or following through on commands. NO! OMG... My first mistake was thinking this phone would work on my island, big mistake, so i figured why not use it like a pda. Wow... trying to just set up my agenda for the day is a task in itself... so now i just play music on it.Thanks for the musical paperweight.

I have also owned one of these in the past. I was so pleased with it that I purchased another when it wore out.

love this phone. android operating system is fun and easy to use. screen is clear and pictures come out awesome! had to have camera replaced due to shutter malfunction but worth it. runs on verizon towers so great reception in rural areas

I've owned my Droid X since it came out, and I simply love it. I can't imagine having a different phone. I feel it surpasses the iPhone in a few ways. For one, it has a bigger and sharper screen. If you're planning to play games, watch movies or shows, this is the phone for you. It might not seem like it's "that much" bigger, but it is and it makes a difference. The screen is sharp enough that I watch Netflix and HBO shows on my phone all the time (did I mention the WiFi is strong enough on the phone for this to be possible?). Also, a lot of people think they simply must have their music on their iPods. Once I got this phone, I sold my old iTouch. Are iPods better at handling music then the Droid X? Yes. But is it a significant upgrade? No, not at all. The music quality is the exact same, so the only difference is the interface. It's very easy to get the music from your computer onto the phone as well, simply a drag and drop process. Having owned the phone for almost a year and half, I have to say that the battery has declined over time. When I got the phone, the battery life was about 8-10 hours using it somewhat throughout the day. Now that is about 5-7 hours of heavier use. Even so, I still love this phone and would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone!

.  Product sorks well and is in fairly good cosmetic shape. Had hoped would be a little better but is fine for the price

Worked For One Day The My Screen Started Flashing. Apparently It's A BuG That Most Of those Phones WIll Get.

My wife's phone started cooking batteries rather than charging them, but we had to replace it in a way that didn't cause issues with our plan (unlimited data).  Bought this as that replacement and all is well. Couldn't beat it for the price, and it came with a battery,  great buy.

I would like a refund I didn't like that droid x. I have already sent it back to you all

The Droid X came and was absolutely amazing and with a few extra things that were included that are great like the car charger and case. I had a little trouble activating at first and the seller responded immediately. I found that I was the one that was typing in something wrong and now the phones great. I would surely buy from this seller again. Products come just as described and seller is quick to respond if necessary. A++

I purchased this phone for my daughter & I wasn't a happy customer. The phone had a major defect with it as far as it shutting down for no apparently reason, the buttons are not working, the battery is not the original battery which means its a foriegn onr that is not allowing the phone to charge because its not acknowledging it. However, I was told that the owner was replacing it I just hope that the replacement is not like the first one I ordered.

Good phone at a good price especially so because it was not time for an upgrade and my old phone went for a swim

Seriously regret purchasing this Motorola DROID X.  Too many steps to access certain functions.  Music, what a pain to download, camera quality EXTREMELY POOR, swyping feature refuses to pull words established from USER DICTIONARY, lately the keys are begining to freeze until I turn off phone and remove battery.  TOTALLY FRUSTRATED AND WILL NEVER PURCHASE AOTHER MOTOROLA DROID X.  I must say the screen size and the "grasp ability" are two good feaures of this phone.  Before you buy ... you had better read the reviews andTAKE HEED !!!10/21/2013 ~ UPDATE ON THE "DROID X". WELL, i'VE BEEN RECEIVING UPDAYES FOR THIS PHONE...NOT SURE WHAT YOU ARE UPDATING AS THERE IS NO INDICATION OF WHAT YOU ARE DOWNLOADING. CALLED VERIZON TO GET INFO ON WHAT 45.621.10 en MEANS AND AFTER ACCORDING TO VRZN, IT WILL ENHANCE YOUR SECURITY FEATURES, MESSAGING, AND AVOID FREEZING...YES, FREEZING THIS PHONE IS FAMOUS FOR F R E E Z I N G. I'M AN EXPERT ON FROZEN DROID X... 1. PWR OFF 2. REMV BACK 3. REMV BATTERY 4. REMV SIM CARD. 5. WAIT 1 COMPLETE MINUTE AND REPLACE SIM, BATTERY, PHONE BACK.PWR ON. USER DICTIONARY... NOT FRIENDLY AT ALL. I TRULY BELIEVE I'VE PURCHASED THE LEMON OF THE "D R O I D S"  DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO SAVE A PICTURE FROM YOUR TEXT MSSG TO YOUR PHOTO GALLERY?

they said the phone was brand new and to find out form Verizon the phone had been used 2 other times . I didn't come with the correct charger and the phone is a piece of crap . I contacted the seller multiple times but they do not respond . DON'T BUY THIS PHONE THEY ARE A SCAM .

This was my first touch screen phone, and I have found it to do everything and more. Great call quality and much more. I was a user of the old flip phones and after having a button go bad on my flip phone, I decided to try this Droid X phone and would recommend this product as it works extremely well and has plenty of apps on it to get anything I need done. Sleek design and easy to operate. Would buy this phone again if I needed another phone.

Just wonderful while I used it. Its fast, easy to push the buttons, may have stalled sometime but its still got my vote. Between droid and galaxy company's better keep making these.

I would not buy this phone. It turns on speaker phone when you don't want it to. It hangs up on people. The battery dies fast and also has slow internet. This is a horrible phone

I had one from when it first came on the market and it was  what I wanted now.  Thank You.

I droped it on the carpet and the screen start messin up and it didnt scratch or nothing just i guess cheap

I do  not intern to order such a phone, because in my Country will use g3 network phone, that is to say, our phones uses sim-card, but the motorola droid android verizon do not use sim-card, so the phone was useless to me, I can not use it, either could I sell it.

i bought this phone for my husband and he loves it he never puts it down hes always doing something on it i have to make him put it away lol

i like the phone a lot - but the problem is my text messages used to beep until i read them -- this phone settings don't do that and i can't find anything in settings to engage that function.IT IS A REAL PROBLEM TO ME.I guess I'll have to call, who?? Motorola?Verizon my carrier? what a painHey Amazon - does anyone in the Amazon community know the solution? :^)

Great phone for an amazing price, had a small networking error but a good purchase overall, would definitely recommend to anyone

The service on receiving the phone went as scheduled. The phone in its self is decent. I use it as a work phone it does what I need it too. But I personally wouldn't want this phone. The set of the phone is weird and I don't prefer it. For example: when you receive a text it doesn't prompt a &#34;1&#34; over the message box (like every other phone I have does). The only way I know I received a new text is in the upper notification of the phone (where the service bars are). So there are little things like that bothers me about it.

Phone has a lot of issues, all 3 of them do that I ordered. Definitely NOT brand new, these are definitely refurbished. We all now get spam texts to our phones on a constant basis too. Cameras all suck terribly, glitchy glitchy glitchy. Worse phone any of us ever had

Phone freezes a lot and takes a long time to pull up anything. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Making a phone call will drive you crazy, don't buy.

I really enjoy this phone! It worked flawlessly hook up to my TV streaming Netflex. It is an older model but runs smoothly on Android 2.3 Gingerbread, but I installed a custom ROM to enjoy the latest features of Jellybean. While it may stagger a little under Jellbean it is still very reliable and stable. The best feature however is that it runs on Page Plus (They run on Verizon but half the cost!!!!!)

good, and bought this phone through amazon and I am from Paraguay I have problems with the phone as it has no chip slot, and in my country is gsm telephony bone will chip like that I can do to solve my problem,I can send it back to you?pay the difference for another cell phone if sim have input?or I can do?waiting for your reply from already thank you!!

Once again I have never owned a DROID, but I've had  a  galaxy, when I got this phone I was concerned about not being able to be  to use it not know how it worked. I haven't had a minutes trouble and it's awesome, it's not as sensitive  as other phones and much smoother to use. Thank's for the oppertunity to own one.

Was a very poor purchase.  Paid too much for a product that should have lasted.  Will not  do this again.  These sellers should be corrected...

This hone is nice it lasted for a little while but I wouldn't buy it again. My dad and I ordered the same phone and both of our phones started to crash after a while

well, the worst was LG Chocolate basic phone, following close behind is this poorly made device.  For starters, wifi never worked correctly, my wife and I both had this phone, I had mine exchanged once due to dust behind glass.  So that's 3 phones, all three could only connect to wifi intermittently at work and at home, we mostly just gave up and stayed with the 3G.  Both of our devices collected dust behind the glass, impossible to clean; mine collected much faster than hers, possibly because I kept the phone mostly in the pocket, where she had hers in the purse.  And oh boy, did it crash all the time, try to use the navigation for any significant period of time will be greeted by a guaranteed crash.  I am not sure who is more at fault, Google's Android or Motorola, and I don't really care.  I've swore off both companies' phone for the foreseeable future.

I can't claim to be an authority on smartphones. All I know is I've had this thing since it came out, and it just can't keep up with user input, has a habit of freezing at inopportune times, and has quirks like making me open my photo gallery two or three times just to view pictures. And god, what I wouldn't give for a real keyboard. I like the style, but the execution leaves much to be desired and there are times where it's all I can do to not throw it against the wall. That all being said, I realize in it's way, it is becoming dated now. I just hope other phones in the droid family are better because I will never get one of these again. I have to laugh because even now, as I'm writing this, the courser on the screen is offset from the graphic for the touch "handle" for moving it around by 3/4 of an inch. Welcome to the Droid X...

everything showed up  on time and in perfect phisical condition. however when i got it activated i found that when the screen is cold (anything below body temp) it turns to a static look (completely whites out). now i have to deal with the verizon insurance headache!

This phone became unusable after less than 2 months.  The phone was left outside but not in direct sunlight & developed black circles all over the touchscreen.  This severely impaired my ability to read any internet pages because I had to constantly rotate the screen in order to view the portions of the screen that were covered by these black marks.  It also damaged my ability to view any pictures or videos because the screen was partially covered by these spots.  Eventually, these black marks affected my ability to effectively use the touch screen features.  For example, if I were to scroll down a webpage window, whenever my finger crossed one of these black spots, the scroll function would stop working at that point.  It took many small finger swipes to navigate webpages which was extremely inconvenient.  I have since spoken to friends who have had similar problems with refurbished Droid Xs.  The 3rd party seller refused to replace the phone for me or reimburse me since the problem occured more than 30 days after purchase.  I would not recommend this item or seller to anyone.

first time no screen.second time baterry holds charges for 30 minsthird time  speaker s are crapy.do like it  NO  it Junk

This phone worked perfect for the first week. I have had it for about 3 weeks now. Sometimes i will try to call someone and it will not let me. Then about 2 or 3 minutes later it randomly decided to call. Sometimes the text message function will not work. And i receive 5 text messages at a time when only one was sent. I know i can only expect so much from a 50.00 smart phone. I loved the price but i would say the refirbished product is just ok.

Not happy with this at all ...what a piece of crap......kept freezing and had to keep it on the charger battery dies after an hour of using the phone ..

Sister loves it! got it for her birthday and has had no issues what so ever! 5 stars for this phone!

I bought it for my grandson who has a phone service through a budget company.  They gave him a phone that didn't have any features.  We need one that was compatible with his service and this one was just perfect.  And the price was amazing.  We were looking in pawn shops and the prices were twice as much. Thanks Amazon for your web site.  I buy a lot of things that I can't even get in stores.

Wanted an Iphone but had no upgrade available.  This one was extremely affordable and does a great job.  No contract involved and still a new phone for just over $100 dollars.

Could not activate the phone keypad kept getting stuck and dialing every number except what I pressed...bummer cuz I liked the hdmi on the side its one of the few phones you can hook up to your tv to watch droidtv or netflex

bought this phone for my wife even though she doesn't do well with electronics. She seems to enjoy texting better then using here old LG flip phone.  She does have a little problem with the finger swiping with the touch screen,  sometimes is freezes on her.  Not enough to be a complaint about the phone.

love it have no complaints about it.  was easy to get turned on and was easy to learn how to use.

Its a great size so I can loss it or drop it like my other small phones. Quality is nt that go asfar as pictures or video it seems to move very slow as I leave one app to get to another or freezes on me which I hate and know for some reason it wont let me in to my picture to look at them so im nt to please with this phone its starting to have issue

Great customer service but the item itself sucked!  The buttons did not work to page back or go to home.  I had to power off to get to another page. The volume did not even work.  I could not hear calls -- only see it on the screen.

I like the phone itself does everything an android should do. I had problems with shipping with the company they refunded my shipping and handeling costs so i was pleased with that. The headphone jack does not work properly so you can't hook up to an aux cord or headphones that is not quite impressive, I also have had problems with the phone freezing, not charging, and not booting back up, as soon as I can I will be buying a new phone. untill then I am just hoping that this one will hold out

it wasn't that bad, it's just slow. I really liked the phone other then that it's really nice and cool!

good big screen you can upgrade to jelly bean if you know what your doing.biggest screen i know of on an android you can use on 3g prepay verizon

Does anyone know if this phone works with Net10 Wireless? My phone is crashing on me,i need to open up a better phone&a friend has a free Motorola Droid X IF it works with Net 10,if not guess i'm SOL AGAIN!!!

The phone was defective. The battery cover did not fit and the case was not secure.  Did not meet expectations.

Not as described. Scuffs all over and dirt inside charging port and headphone jack.Not worth the money.Josh N

The Droid x2 works good They said it was a bird pretty good condition in which it was everything works on it so I give a number 5

Total junk!!!! Black lines all over the screen after less then a month, hasnt been dropped or gotten wet...Just bad quality. I would NEVER reccomend this seller.

The screen has brown dots on it.The battery does not last very long.The charger does not charge very well.some of the buttons on the phone are sticking.

I got what I paid for!The battery is not holding the charge  that well... the camera is pretty bad!

I liked this phone at the beginning but I have now had it just over a year and it is starting to freeze up, it is slow and sluggish. I took it to the Verizon store and they told me they were having numerous people come in with the same complaint with these phones. The sales person said this was the kind of phone she had personally and hers was doing it too. So, I am not happy and I wish I had a different kind of phone. I have to wait another year before I can update!!! ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will not buy another one!

Very slow when opening apps, typing words, sending messages, taking pictures.I can't imagine what it would be like when I get some apps.But It is an older phone, and at least it works for general use.

Back of phone keeps falling off. Drops calls and the buttons are too touchy. When I'm talking it's constantly beeping.

I Ordered This Phone Because Of The 30 Day Warranty. As Soon As My Son Started Using It There Was Issues With The screen. Contacted Seller Twice With No Response..had To Go Through Amazon To Get Credit For Faulty Phone.

My grandson is satisfied with this phone.  Works great!!  Will be doing business with this company in the near future.

This cellphone has a large screen which is good. However, everything else is bad. It is slow and is prone to crashing. I bought this to replace a cellphone I broke while I wait till I'm eligible for an upgrade. I'm regretting this decision now.

i have had this phone for 2 years. Iv had to replace it 6 times! i Also have to keep replacing the battery. No front camera. The back camera is always fuzzy.DO NOT BUY!!!!

FALSE ADVERTISING.  THE PHONE ARRIVED WITH NO MEMORY CARD AND NO INTERNET ACCESS DUE TO THE ALLTELL SYSTEM.  WHEN THE PHONE WAS TURNED ON IT SHOWED AN ALLTELL SYSTEM, WHICH WILL NOT ACCESS THE INTERNET THROUGH VERIZON SERVICE.  ALL THE VENDOR CAN SAY IS TO RETURN FOR A REFUND.  VERY INCONVENIENCED SINCE THE PHONE WAS A GIFT & THEY NOW HAVE NO PHONE TO USE.

I had broke my droid razor so got this phone used as a fill in until I could get a new phone.... the seller was not very nice when he couldn't figure out my address as if I don't know where I live smh... will never order form him again... the phone came nicey when I finally got it this would be great for a 10 or 12 year old but it was slow and the camera on it def don't take great pictures.

Immediately upon activation the bottom half of the screen fades in and out mostly out and I have to guess to remember where the buttons are and it freezes up a lot.

The phone was great! Packaged appropriately and even better than the description. Only problem was the battery died pretty quickly. For the price I paid for the phone, purchasing a battery was not a problem. The phone was definitely worth the money! Just a few glitches here and there but it always works itself out. Guess that's what the backup app is for:) All in all, Im pleased!

I bought this phone December 2013, and I just figured out how I could make it work with Straight Talk.  I had to by a CDMA kit from another seller to make this Verizon phone work with Straight Talk legally.  This information should have been provided by the seller before it was purchased.  The phone seems to have a few defects, such as irregularities with the battery charge.  There's also some problem with the music player.

Sucks! Slow, battery drains in 2 hours completely dead. Makes calls by itself!! Absolutely ridiculous

I love Droids but didn't want to sign another contract with my carrier so I decided to purchase the DROID X from Amazon.  It fits my needs.

The phone itself is ok...but arrived with bad battery..i will give credit where credit is due,the sent a new one immediately and it was fine.After a few days there was a mark in the screen that looked like a smudge...closer inspection revealed that it was a printed circuit showing through and really interfered with text and browser function...they would be happy to replace the phone..after sending the one i have and waiting for a replacement...unacceptable..a week at best with no phone?I think not..the fact that my wife and I are disabled aside..who wants to have no phone while waiting for so long to send this one and wait for replacement to be sent.I wasted my money and will be going to the cell store and buying used locally so i will never deal with this again..price was about the same if I had done this and i could actually use my phone for more than phone calls...Bottom line..chinese batteries and chinese replacement screens are fine but problematic..look closer to home..you will be happier

I just want to say I had an issue and the seller bent over backwards to make it right.  I was extremely impressed with how quickly the matter was addressed.  I would recommend this company anytime.  We look forward to using them at a later date.....

The phone came in pristine condition with only a few minor blemishes on it, you honestly could barely tell if you looked closely that it wasn't brand new. It obviously didn't come with the Motorola Packaging or with a micro SD card which were minor hits as I used my old SD from my OG Droid. Overall pretty satisfied with the phone and would purchase another phone this way without having to extend my contract. Any disappointments with the phone were purely hardware/software based but given that the phone is 14 months old at the time of purchase isn't surprising (I'm a bit of a geek and like to modify my phones, should have known that Motorola locks the boot-loaders to ridiculous levels). Not a fan of the Moto-Blur skin that Motorola now uses on all of their phones, kind of a bummer coming from a "pure Android" experience from the Original Droid. Doubt that would effect the average person just looking to replace a broken phone or someone looking for a bargain without having to extend their contract.

I gotta say im a die hard qwerty fan but this phone turned out to be a great replacement even if it is just a temp i know i can keep this incaae anything goes wrong with my new phones.

I love this phone.

I have been a DROID fan (Motorola DROID fan, specifically) for quite some time now, and this phone simply reinforced that.The handset's shape and size feels comfortable in hand and on ear even when paired with the OtterBox Defender.The DROID X processing speeds are competitive with phones in its class and its ease of use and convenience is unmatched, making it a great choice for a first time DROID user.A personal favorite feature is the side button used for accessing the HD 720p camera or video recorder on the fly, as it is wonderful for capturing quick moments before they can pass you by.Overall, I've enjoyed my time with the Motorola Droid X and would have to say I'm nothing short of satisfied!

Phone is pretty good while pictures for some reason often get "unable to view " and verizon say it must be the memory card but I took the sd card out of my known working phone and it does the same thing. Other than that phone is a good value

It works, but the battery cover constantly falls off, and the battery wont hold a charge. I would have bought something different had i known that.

i just got my android in the mail..and i have a question..what part of the android does the battery go in? how do i get it open?

This phone sounded great & was a great value, but after using for a few days the phone started to freeze up and you have to keep turning it off in order to get it working again.

Ordered for a friend who wanted a new phone without paying high fess and it works great.Fast Shipping an overall great phone.

Hey yall, I got this phone from MobileSpree they are really a great company, they had the best price for the phone.I purchases this droic X refurbished as a gift for my mother, she LOVES it. It was in perfect condition, NOT a single scratch on the screen and barely any cosmetic scuffs it was as described but at even better condition. It runs fast and is smooth too. I personally own a droid x myself so It was such a good phone I had to get my Mother one!Some people may hate on the DroidX But its perfect for PagePlus and Verizion and its a good all around phone with a nice 4.3inch screen and a bright display, its perfect for Netflix, YouTube and web search!Thanks mobilespree for being awesome, and having a great company, Ive purchased several things from you, and will continue to hold your company close whenever I need my mobile needs come up!

This was a replacement cell phone for my son. He got the phone, it was in great condition but the battery was short lived.

Shipped on time however it stopped working two months after purchase. I also needed to purchase a memory card for pictures and music that I was unaware that was needed.

Phone is good. Battery terrible. Also phone brand new supposed to include SD card. Great shipping. Had to purchase battery as it wouldn't hold a charge. As soon as charger unplugged it dropped to half then within an hour it would die.

Easy to use, built in tutorial that even I could follow. Screens are arranged well and make easy access to all info.

The phone arrived without any manual and the camera does not work at all. At times the phone acts completely crazy typing all by itself and flashing between apps. Other than that, it seems OK....UPDATE: Now the phone doesn't work at all. I need to return it and hopefully will get my money back.

the phone comes out in the photos was this slide is not so I'm from Costa Rica as to return and do not help me here from Miami to Costa Rica cost me 25 Pains fetched and I have no way to send here can help me?thanks

My &#34;new&#34; phone started getting lines in the screen a week after I activated it and then they moved together and turned into 4 black circles  so I called the company that I purchased it from and he said I would have to buy another phone and then return the bad one before I could get a refund but I cant afford to do that so I guess Im stuck with junk !  You would think they would send me a new phone and &#34;trust&#34; me to send the bad one back after I activate the 2nd (new) phone . After all ,I &#34;trusted&#34; them to send me a &#34;new&#34; phone in the first place !

Great. We are enjoying the product. I would recommend to my friends and family. Wow I like the product, thanks

i got the droid for my husband becausd he was always using mine. he is quite pleased with the phone.

I bought this to use when others of the four phones we have in the family are lost or out of service. So far we havn't needed it.

the description said it was a new phone and it wasn't. the phone showed up with battery that looked like it had been ran over. I tried charging the battery but wouldn't take a charge. had to buy a new battery and after it charged I turned phone on and there were pics and a entire list of phone numbers and contacts in it. so the phone wasn't new it was refurbished.

Despite what several of the other reviews are stating, I believe the Droid X is one of the worst purchases I ever made. The first month with the device was A-okay, but it went downhill from there. This phone is constantly shutting off, I have to charge the battery at least 4 times a day, and my home key is falling out. My Facebook application does not work because of the device's slow speed. Applications are constantly crashing. I'm spending $300 out-of-pocket that I can't even afford just to buy an iPhone to escape the mess they call a Droid X.

I like the phone, especially for the price since it's for my son. The company was extremely efficient, and sent me the phone quickly, even before the expected arrival...would definitely recommend them!

This phone was horrible from the gate. There were always technical issues with it & it seems to have a mind of its own because its always shutting down & rebooting by itself. Because of this, it left a bad taste in my mouth with anything Motorola Droid related. Crash.com

This is a model to hang on to.  So it is 3g, it performs.  accessories are easy to get.  small light great sound and I wear hearing aides.  Get one before they are all gone.

just days after i got it the screen started getting black spots now i have to get another phone to replace it

did not like the phone. there was nothing wrong with the delivery but just did not like the phone its self.

Great Phone ...like new.... love it cheaper than paying Verizon for a Droid.  I wish I would have bought a new data card.

Wouldn't turn on when I first bought the phone, all of the sudden it did. A month later and I reset the power and now it won't turn on again. Upset

COULDNT ASK FOR ANYTHING  ANY BETTER. I WOULDNT TRADE MY PHONE FOR ANYTHING ELSE. SIZE IS GREAT. TRY IT IF U HAVENT

The first droid x Worked very well Unfortunately my daughter broke it I liked it so much I order the second one Yesterday it took me 10 minutes and turn it on and off two or three times in order to make a hone call If you touch the screen it has a mind of his own I love this phone but I guess it's better to buy the phone from the phone company and not aftermarket

$650 new.  Buy now for $95.  Trade in value on it today $0.95!  I just sent in my older Iphone 4 and got $87 for it.  That says alot  $.95  or $87!

Works fine. Does what it's supposed to. Just not fast enough for what I need. I know it's like 3 years old so didn't expect it to be lightning fast.

Awesome Cell phone, works really good and its way better than my old cell phone so it was definetly time for an upgrade.

I purchased this phone and it wasn't the one I wanted and I can only put it on speakerphone for my callers to hear me.

This phone came with the back not wanting to stay on and it has been nothing but trouble from day one. It half worked and would not get good signal. I would not buy this phone again.

Did love the phone. Now Im having problems with it. The phone shutdown in the middle of conversation. It freezes up all the time! Won't send text sometime!I would not recommend this phone to anyone. The big screen is perfect for browsing the web though.

Piece of crap. The processor is to slow for the bloated operating system. All the apps load really slow or crash. The phone comes loaded with non removal bloatware like apps from Blockbuster and interestingly enough Amazon. Also the user experience just sucks,tge camera is mediocre, etc etc. I switch from the Droid Incredible, Ive switched right back. Plus the Incredible is about 30 percent cheaper. Save yourself the headache and dont get the Droid X.

very good phone, easy to use ,i like it, i also bought one for my daughter only complain i have they sold it to me as new phone but it was not new

Frequently crashed.  Had too many issues with apps not loading or working properly.  Had to trade it in for something else.

Piece of junk does not work any more screen went blank but phone still has power worst phone I ever bought

I bought this march of 2013 I believe, It is now 2014 in December and Im having complications. I am buying a new phone but it did for the most part do okay. It needs an SD card to take pictures though and I wish it had a frontal camera but its old and its cheap. I don't regret this purchase but its not the best out there.

I like this phone.  Considering it's the only touchscreen smart phone I've ever had I'm very pleased.  I definitely recommend it.

Like the phone, but in certain areas, the screen black's out and I cannot end the call or type in extensions, etc.  Also, this phone did not come with even a 2 gig memory card, so I purchased a 16 gig. I'm sure I'm doing something wrong, but it still has a memory problem and I keep having to use the Clean Master because I'm always at 99% full on storage.

I love my Droid X cell phne. It has large numbers to be able to see when making a call. It takes really nice photos & videos. I had to go on line like utube to get instructions on how to to things with it. It does alot . Reminds me of an iphone . Its much like it . A little different . I just love it . I give it 5 stars.

I bought 2 of these phones,one for me and my wife. After about 16 months, the screen started to get black dots on it until I couldn't read the screen at all. This along with the random resets and long startup time, I am not a fan.

Seems OK so far. Support from Motorola was better than expected to resolve a part shortage.  I'm sure I will be more than satisfied.

I didnt know it wasn't capable of downloading all my games.not great at all fpr gamesto play slow moving alao

smashed my iphone so I bought this. it was everything they described but I hate the phone and android. miss my iphone terribly!!

Phone is great works fine little glitchy at first but thats normal only problem was ordered it under new phone and it says right in the back that its refurbished and the back plate under battery was crooked other then this its all together a good phone would rate 5 stars if new meant new

Loved phone when i got it But, phone stopped working after 1week. I first talked with a really nice customer service rep from applewirerless named Michael,he was very professional and even sent me a SD card that was supposed to come with phone that was sold to me as new, that was acutely sold to a version customer in 2010, I had to return phone to verison because i already recieved replacement phone from version. Bottom line,applewirless phone sold to me was NOT NEW which probably explains why phone stopped working.I was also charged a shipping fee whichclearly said was free. I'm waiting for a resolution only on the shipping cost refunded

Phone would not stay connected to Wi-Fi. Turned off & on by itself. Not pleased with this purchase at all.

I got this for my daughter as a starter smart phone and was very satisfied with this purchase. The phone came in very good condition and was like new! I never had any issues with this phone and would purchase again from this seller. This phone came quickly and I was very impressed with the quality and customer service! This was one if my first purchases and I could not have been happier. The price was great, the condition was great. Very happy!

This phone has great features that are all probably awesome on the newer droids. But, this one is literally too slow to do almost anything. It freezes up constantly. It was in stock formatting when I got it, and was slow since.Or you can buy it and find out.

the driod x is everything that i could of asked for it allows me to do my job more efficently checking and writing emails ect

It didn't work it started messing up. Pressing button on it's on. Black lines across the phone. Also false advertisement it wasn't new it's use.

Terrible phone only had it for a week... doesnthold a charge the screen works horribly with black lines on the screen.... very upsetting

Awesome way better then i expected blows my droid 2 out of the water. even though it the same layout/format.  no problems yet.

The phone was delivered within 5 days of my ordering it, which in my experience is very quick. The phone is new and came with nice accessories. I am every satisfied and will be a repeat customer for accessories or other phones in the future. thanks

The keyboard on the phone sticks on almost every letter. No matter where I'm at I can hardly hear the person I am on the phone with. At first I thought it could just be my signal but NO its everywhere and every time I try and use the phone. It sucks and wish I would have never of bought the stupid thing!!!

Love the phone itself only thing that could be improved is the battery life. I feel like I constantly have to have it charging and don't go far from my charger.

The phone that was sent to me could not be activated by Verizon Wireless because the serial number on the phone showed it was a &#34;Lost or Stolen phone.&#34;

Great phone. I bought this for my husband who likes his phones simple to him most things are on this phone. Such as being able to text from a larger screen. Coming from a Samsung precedent that's definitely a big difference for him. Compared to mine the razr looks are pretty much similar but the thickness and color mines cranberry, as the graphics on my razor are much vivid, but compared to his precedent there is no comparison with either phone droids are just great phones all around.

I had high hopes for this.phone but it is very slow and sluggish ....screen is a big ossue with this phone!

It freezes a lot!!! Also when I get incoming or I do outgoing calls the screens goes black and I can not use the end call button. I have to always turn the phone off or take the battery out. I am very disappointed!

Wonderful phone! I had one, and it lasted through over 100 drops with no problems. When I upgraded, I dropped it from 100 feet about 25 times and then it started to break. Now about 2 other people own one in my household. Highly Rec.

This phone had nothing but problems. The screen would shake side to side between the home pages, I would also not be touching it nd watch random things open and close. It did this constantly. It did this while I was on the phone, internet, texting, in an app....any time. I bought it as &#34;refurbished&#34;. Biggest waste of money. I blame the seller. I returned it to the Verizon store and they replaced it for free with a new one.

Not what I was expecting for the price. I could have gone thru Verizon and for a little more money gotten a better phone.

I had an Iphone for 3 days before my son dropped it in water so we had to look for a middle of the road phone with the budget we had left, this phone was so hit and miss,it would freeze,get jammed up on text messages,very annoying.  Im not saying Iphones are the best but they blow motorola out of the water,I bit the bullet and saved for another iphone.

The specification on Amazon website indicated that the phone uses a micro sim card. When the phone arrived I could not find the slot. Closer inspection of the box indicated that it is an "all digital phone". Very disappointing!!

It works great and i couldn't pass up the price i have slways liked the droid brand from verizon it a longer phone than i did have

This phone is garbage the battery life drains faster then any other phone i have had. Going from dual proccesor 4g lte to this 3gphone is terrible. All in all if your just looking for a phone thats kind of new and you use it for mainly calling and texting this is what you want. I wouldnt count so much on using it to check the web

Idk whats wrong with this phone. I've tried cleaning everything out,and it still runs slow. Sometimes it won't let u type messages. I had one just like it for four years,and never had as many problems with it,until it finally conked out. I'm really disappointed.

Had this device since it came out and I'm finally fed up with it enough to type out how fed up with it I am, though I imagine it's too late for some as this has been out long enough to either feel similar pain to mine or to have bypassed this phone completely (which is the best idea really) for something new/better that has come out since. I will admit, honest and truly, that when it comes to some operations - mainly the browser and map navigator - this thing handles amazingly. It definitely pushes that data through very well and the battery holds up surprisingly good for such activities. The problem is, I can't even use it as a phone. More precisely, I try and use it for phone activities and it stalls and falters and sometimes (pathetically) reboots. For example, as I type this, I've been trying to send a text to a friend for almost six minutes now. The phone takes usually over a minute just to bring up my contacts when I click that button, about another half minute to fully load the list (I admit, I have a decent bit on there due to Facebook syncing), and then when I go and click my recipient I can usually expect to be treated to a minute or two (and right now I'm at about four) of "not responding" messages before it finally gives in and lets me compose and send a text, like it just did now actually. Only took about seven minutes and I always strive to make sure I have a third to half the phone's RAM open. That's quality. Same happens with the dialer too. Go into contacts, stall, look for friend, stall, click on friend, stall, stutter for about a minute when I press "dial." I guess this leads to one more positive aspect of this phone that I should mention before ending this, and that it's pretty darn durable. Because, trust me, once you've had your fifth, five-minute wait to reply to an important text, or your dozenth dropped call because the phone does not bother to actually become active when someone is ringing you, and so on, you're going to throw it at the wall. Which is why I can say this is easily the worst tech device I have ever owned and will leave it at that. Cheers...

What type of phone is this, what kinda plan is it?? Is good for a prepaidPlan?? Is it a 3G or a 4G? Because from what I heard I'd that all3G touch screen phones are available for prepaid plans. So whatI'm askin is..what type of futures does phone have???

If you use you phone a lot, this is NOT the phone for you!! my dad had this phone it started out good, but because he used a lot like texting surfing the web, checking things like email, facebook the battery drained fast like he ad to charge it 3-5 times a day. And because it needed to charge a lot, his battery became shot and hardly held a charge. what else happened was black holes appeared on his screen from dead pixels. Im not saying dont get this phone at all, but dont get it if you use your phone heavily. the battery sucks the screen gets dead pixels, slow after having it for months. he then got the Droid X2 and the battery went again. My dad got so frustrated he never wants to buy motorola ever again. after seeing his phone i would not get a motorola.

My phone refused to turn on or function after the first week.  I was given 10 days to return, but with the holidays and a sick child I was unable to do so leaving me with a broken phone I utiliized for exactly 7 days.

I purchased my Droid X new from Pure Mobility almost a year ago and I really like this phone. Phone came in original Verizon Droid X box undamaged and working properly. It is amazing that even though the Droid X was originally released in 2010, it still is comparable to many of the most recent smartphones (8 megapixel Dual LED flash camera, gorilla glass scratch resistant screen, 8gb of internal storage expandable via sd card to 32gb, and micro HDMI port). This is still a great phone! And it is very durable. I have dropped mine on more than one occasion and it remains tough as nails and working fine. I have highly customized mine. When this one is done I plan on buying another one, that is how much I like it. I do not see the need to pay $500-$700 or more for a phone when they are considered dinosaurs after only six months. Are you kidding me? I will stick with my Droid X.

Love my Droid X.  I had one from the first time they came out and still do of course.  I really like the ability to change out batteries that most phones here recently don't all ow you to do!! Too bad!!  :-(

Phone purchased a month ago. Still does not work properly. Wont hold a charge and powers off frequently. Defective phone.

I had this phone for two years in the past, but it kept turning off and locking up on me. So I purchased a new phone when it was time to upgrade. Unfortunately, my new phone was stolen. I tried everything for a new cost effecient phone and decided to buy this phone again (because I did love it for two years). BUT, this &#34;new&#34; phone locks up and turns off unexpectantly. Also, Verizon does not carry screen savers or covers for this phone anymore. I probably should have spent more money and got a reliable phone.

Good quality. Reliable and easy to use. Very happy with this purchase. I would recommend Motorola Droid for anyone who is looking for a good reliable phone.

Don't buy this. Apparently this phone model has known issues with the screen. It worked well enough for about 2-3 days, then the screen started flickering and eventually will go blank as in a old antenna TV with no reception.

This phone was a great price for the condition it was in. There was nothing wrong with it and the screen is scratch free! It was a great replacement phone and I only had to pay 50 bucks for it. I would definitely buy from this seller again

Phone shuts down while talking. Screen goes black when texting always having to take the battery out and put it back in for it to come on. Will not buy again.

I received the phone on time and in good condition but when I tried to activate it, verizon told me it was on the lost or stolen and I coulld not use it until the previous owner has taken it off.

This company is selling defective phones. The phone functions perfectly fine the first few weeks; however, after a month or so, the battery will go dead within 10 minutes of being on the internet. The back always falls off, so you have to buy a case for the phone in order to keep it together.  Also, there are spots that randomly appear on the screen. My phone can be fully charged, but will go dead after 20 minutes of talking on it. Basically, it's crap and the battery life is horrible! I also have a friend that purchased the same phone from this company, and he received the same results.

This phone with as refurbished but you can't tell. It looks like new  and works perfectly. It does everything I need it to do and more.

I love the phone just have to figure out all the features great picture taking phone. Great phone for the price I paid Love it . I would highly recommend it to Friends and Family.

The phone is fine with one important exception, the home button does not work and I purchased it as a refurbished phone.  It arrived in a timely manner and other than needing to use the back button to navigate to a home position and not have any kind of manual, the phone works fine for me.  I use it to talk and text and it does that well.

.Battery life is rediculous wicked bad. Laughable really. Othef than that its a good pphone. Cant belive how bad it is

The item was as described and has turned out to be a good purchase for me.Arrived on time and was easily added to my phone service plan.

Having owned this phone for quite a long time now, I will say that this phone has been a very reliable phone for me.  It has held up from the drops and oops and still keeps going strong.  The biggest disadvantage today for this phone is that you are limited to what version of Android your carrier decides to stop at before no longer upgrading.  It is well capable of handling the later versions of the android operating system but unfortunately for me, my carrier has discontinued android OS updates at 2.3.  But if you are willing to live with that then this phone is a good reliable choice.  Battery life is good but like most batteries these days, they start to dwindle in lifespan after a couple years and you are stuck at either upgrading or spending a premium for Motorola's replacement battery.This phone does it all well and in my opinion works better than an Iphone.

It Looked and Seemed New when first received it / but now using it, - It must have been refurbed..(It Has some issues, - but is still useable)....

Excellent customer service. Answered my email quickly and shipped right on schedule.  ...Great phone! This droid has a screen that is much bigger than the Droid 2... and I like the "real" buttons on the bottom for "home", "back", etc. (instead of software buttons on the screen like the Droid 2 and iPhone have) Great pick!

The Motorola DROID X is my first smart phone, and I really like it. I have had only minor problems with it, such as the typepad freezing up for a second, or the camera not working (due to a low battery). Both problems were resolved, and aside from that, this phone has been really reliable! Even when the display says 15% battery or less, I can still get about an hour to three hours out of it without dying. I haven't put a lot of apps on it yet, but I have used Instagram and Facebook mobile, both work well with wifi or 3G. I would definitely recommend this phone, it has been great for me!

So glad I updated n choose this phone. Took me a few to figure it out but once I did. I'm all good to go.

it freezes up sometimes but it's not so bad that it annoys me. i love the phone. over all satisfied

My first smart phone was a droid x and I loved it.I bought this phone unlocked to use with Straight Talk. This phone will not hold a charge for very long. It's fine to use just as a phone however data usage drains the battery way too fast regardless of what battery saver application I download. Also, the camera sucks. I was under the impression that this phone was brand new? I don't think so. I'm not very happy with this purchase.

This was an amazing service, they sent me a factory defect which i do not blame them for but the return service was amazing and fast and the phone is great

They sent me two letter asking me to remove the negative feedback and lied to get me to do it.

This phone was as dud. Certain personal numbers could not be dialed ir texted. Carrier confirms it is the phone. Signals were poor also. A waste of my money

Worst peace of .... I have ever bought. I would have been better off with a tin can and some string...for shame, for shame

I bought this phone as a gift for my nephew. Everything seemed to be in great condition like the ad stated. Then he got a phone call and realized the in coming call speaker didnt work. The only way he could use the phone for a phone call was if he put the phone call on "speaker phone mode". And over the next few days we lost all speaker sound - no music sounds, games ect. I tried contacting the seller via email and never got a response. I totally got ripped off! I will never buy a used cell phone over the internet again!

i got droid x today it came earler that i expected  when i open item it looks used one screen has protector but half way take down..

I loved my Droid X - when I first bought it more than five years ago. It is no longer a current model, and based on the reviews of others here, the phones being sold are &#34;refurbished&#34; - or, more likely, resold without refurbishing. (The person who got one with contacts and pictures intact - really??)Motorola experienced a display issue with these phones, so severe that it offered free replacement screens nine months after their release (in summer 2010). That replacement offer was a limited-time deal, while the model was current, and matches what many users here describe as their display problems: banding, black screens, etc. I had that issue, and had my phone refurbished by Verizon at the time.Motorola batteries typically last two years before they start to degrade, in my experience, and the X was no exception. I began replacing my batteries two years after purchasing the phone, and replaced them at intervals thereafter. I didn't have the issues with the battery cover falling off that others have had, but then I was reasonably careful with it, and it was inside a case whenever it was being carried in a purse or bag.The current model Droid is located here, for nearly the same price (under contract): http://www.amazon.com/Motorola-DROID-MAXX-Verizon-Wireless/dp/B00E9W8Q1A/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&qid;=1400025145&sr;=8-9&keywords;=motorola+droid. I have the model that was one step earlier, the HD RAZR MAXX, and love it. My mother in law has the current model, and loves it.You can risk buying the X, but know what you're getting when you order: a refurbished, outdated model that is NOT supported.

I've had several Motorola phone and the Droid X is by far the best phone yet. I recommend this phone to everyone.

my hubby truely loves every thing about this phone . we dealt with battery assault over an issue with the phone 2 begin with but i have the upmost respect & absolutely recommend amazon & battery assault both companies are great to do bussiness with... very satisfied customers here...

The phone couldn't charge more than 15%No option for SIM cardOverall could have been nice if it worked.

I have owned this phone for 3 weeks and wifi doesn't work and I have my own wifi router doesn't pick up Verizon towers that is 10 miles from my house call quality is mumbled. Maybe on a Verizon network itself or some other network it may work better or it could be the phone don't know but either case will be trading it tomorrow.

ive gotten 2 of them and on both the pixels started going out. it freezes up a lot and doesnt want to type some times. spend your money elsewhere

Everything seemed to work good except the battery does not last a whole day it only last about 4hours so now I have to get another battery

like the phone but came with a bubble on the screen and the battery died after a hour but the bubble worked itself out and battery was only 7.00

The Battery doesn't hold a charge very long.  After a week of having the phone lines appeared across the screen & have bleed into 2 black dots.  Trying to text when there are black dots over the letters makes it frustrating.  It takes a long time for it to connect to an internet site.

I bought this phone for my prepaid plan, everything was great for 4 hours, til it shut off and won't restart, unfortunately they won't exchange the phone so after looking around I couldn't find a phone I liked any better,so l reordered the same phone, only the refurbished one. I have 2 friends that have the refurbished one with no problems.

I love this phone,although I bought this phone to use because my crap out and my upgrade isnt until JUNE! It works great! I would definitely recommend phone to anyone who needs a phone to get through into an upgrade what their carrier or for other uses ! ITS AMAZING AND FULLY WORKS!

Great phone for my dad although the battery does not stay in.  You can be on a call and the battery will fall out.  Not sure about that.  He need a phone quick so he is dealing with it.  Good thing it didn't cost too much.

I found this a good deal . First off the shipping was terrible. When i finally recieved my item by UPS the box didnt even seem Android/verizon official . it was inside a black cheap box and the phoen was just moving about, lose inside the box. Also, the battery was lose and it came along with a cheap wall charger. I expected better. so far, the phone has been great. I havent even had the phone for a week and the charger port is lose and it is already having issues charging. I am not pleased with my purchase.

This phone sucks buying it from amazon. No wonder it was cheap. This phone has had so many issues.  I dont think I trust amazon as a place to buy a cellphone. Its a rip off.

package arrived at a great time! phone perfect condition and it was new! cant go wrong with this price or condition, i have not had any problems with this! recommend

The delivery was fast! The droid x has been a fantastic phone to use for my son. The screen is large and the camera is great,  He loves all the apps as well!

I think it was pre owned but it looks brand new and it a great phone! Just right size screen. Came on time. Would buy again for sure

Love the phone...my son is proud of it. Good thing we already have a chargerthat fits this phone, because the one sent with the phone DOES NOT WORK.

It's a kind of slow, and the charging is just goes low very fast more than can anybody imagine which puts me in bad situations all the time.this in not the Motorola which I expected, it's really a bad device.

love the phone thats why i wont upgrade but been having trouble with the back button. the fist one stopped working the next one the paint wore off in about a week of use so now its a really bright button when the phone comes on.

I never got to use, I had the phone transfered from my LG but the SDwould not fit so I was going to the Verizon Store but when I turned it back on it had lines going across the screen, I called Verizon and they tryed to fix it,  they said I needed to  return it.

Because the phone has lines through it and a black spot. This is the second product that has done this.  I bought two screens for laptops and mine has two ink spots after couple of weeks. So I will not buy any electronics from you any more. Thanks Pam Laughton

I purchased a Motorola Droid X Android Cellphone on December 10, 2013 and was waiting to receive it since it was purchased for me by my sister who was working in the US. When I received the Phone, I noticed that it did not work with the GSM network that require a chip since it was a Verizon Cellphone and it uses the CDMA network. I must admit that I should have reviewed the phone more thoroughly with respect to the functions and features.Unfortunately, the Phone will not work in Jamaica, and after explaining the situation to the seller through Amazon's Customer Support I was unable to get a reasonable resolution.The last I heard is that the phone can be returned up to 45 days after the purchase date. I must advised that I am intimately familiar with giving good customer support, and from my experience this service was lacking in that regard. I should have thought that the Seller would have exercised some discretion in this matter due to the varying difficulties pertinent to time sensitivity expressed in this matter.I sought to return the Phone to the seller, only to find that the cost associated with returning the Phone would have been eighty percent (80%) of the initial cost for the Phone. With this knowledge and the latest response from the seller. I am now left with a Cellphone that does not work, and no option of returning it.I expressed earlier that I take responsibility for not reading the specifics as thorough as I normally do, and I am prepared to maintain that position. I must say, that as it relates to making future purchases from Amazon, I will continue. What I will not do, is make another purchased from that seller. Not because I did not get back my money or another Cellphone, only because they did not in my opinion, provide me with the level of Customer Service and understanding I think is necessary to encourage customer loyalty.I must commend amazon for trying to get a reasonable resolution to this matter. And for that, I will continue to use Amazon.

Everything was great!!  The phone works very well!!  I would recommend this phone to anyone.  Has many useful features.  Big and visible screen, and lightweight.

Just had phone activated. Been using it for a couple of days and everything is in good working order. Thanks.

Product seems to work very well took much longer to get than thought to get previously bought same phone at 20 dollars more from them, with same bundle of extras, they wont honor, say its a different number don't know if i'll ever buy anything here again. hate liars and thieves and both

I am very happy with this phone.  I don't have any issues with it.  All the latest features are there.

the  device was delivered to me and 4 days after activating the bottom half of screen goes blank and turns grey unless i apply heat to it then works fine. I unit is not very warm it only has half of a screen . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY.I BELIEVE THEY ARE A SCAM . refurbishing them and selling add new.will send back for refund.

had to return it didnt work like they said it would.. couldnt unlock it and use it with prepaid plan like they said you could... unhappy

Love my Droid.  Not using it right now because I give it to my husband and I got a new Samsung Galaxy 4s.  But I will be quit honest... I like the Droid much better.

Horrible phone. It would freeze up constantly. Camera shutter closed. Worst purchase I ever done. I feel total regret. Ugh

Its the worst phone I have ever had.

Simplemente un negocio perfecto.... gracias exelente vendedor.Tel&eacute;fono en excelentes condiciones trabaja al 100 y llego a tiempo.100% recomendable

This phone was a replacement for a brand new phone that my daughter had stolen while traveling. It was a good price, and worked pretty well... for 2 weeks. Then the screen went blank and it was unusable. Amazon was very good about the return, but we are leery of buying a phone this way again as the quality is not assured. We are lucky it failed as soon as it did!

PHONE HAD ARRIVED AND IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION. I SEE SOME BAD REVIEWS, BUT PERSONALLY AM PLEASED WITH MY PRODUCT AND WOULD SHOP WITH YOU ALL AGAIN. PHONE WAS EASY TO ACTIVATE ON VERIZON. ALL YOU CAN'T TELL IT HAS BEEN USED. THANKS VERY MUCH. ALSO CUSTOMER SERVICE SAID IT WOULD ARRIVE SAT AND IT SURE DID. THANKS.

This is my 2nd purchase of this model, now my husband has one too!  He loves it and finds it easy to use.  The company used in this purchase has EXCELLENT customer service and I highly recommend them to everyone.

CDMA technology is disembodied in my country, Venezuela. I would like to evaluate the possibility to change the item for a cellular GSM or a gift card for the balance of the initial purchase.

Since 2nd day i have had lines on phone that someis have gron into blobs 5 to be percise and the other lines have gotten wider. I dont have any idea why this is lile this and no one has try 2 tell me why or if it is my fault.

I got this phone to replace my blackberry. I've had it before and loved it so I'm back to it.

I bought 2 cell phones 1 for me and 1 for my wife and they freeze up all of the time

great first smart phone, if they had not made a bigger battery this phone would have no battery life. but found larger battery works great

Battery is not charging well, thought a car charger and phone protector/case were included. otherwise working fine and arrived expediently.

I used to love my Droid X on vzw but now it's showing its age. I have taken great care of it. However, now one square centimeter of the screen is full of broken pixels. The built in camera app no longer works at all. My SD card (brand name) had to be reformatted a few times because it was causing any app that referenced it to force-close. Also, only certain mic+remote headphones work with it. NO "Made for iPhone" headphones work with it even though they work with HTC phones. My brother went through four Droid X's before buying a different phone. I have lost my faith in Motorola.

I was hesitant about buying a used smartphone online, and that concern was justified. This phone was unable to carry a basic signal even in metropolitan areas. It also would have occasional freak-outs and act as if I was entering a random list of commands, the highlight was when a new contact was created named &#34;Bbbbbbbbbbbbb&#34;. Other than that, however it was a solid device

The absolute worst phone I have ever had and the reason I will never buy Motorola again. Within the first 6 months the phone continuously turned itself on and off, especially when I was trying to make phone calls (and one time, during an emergency). Within the first 2 months I got a replacement phone, thinking my first one may have just been a fluke. The next one was slightly better at the time, but quickly deteriorated as well. Two years later my Droid X barely makes phone calls anymore (it takes 3-4 minutes to place a call), randomly sends text messages from 2-3 months ago to people, and as of last week does not send text messages anymore. The battery life is laughable and the overall operating system is slow as molasses (it takes at least a minute just to open an app or the camera). I know a lot of people on here just got this phone and are saying it's wonderful but let me tell you - it will not last. Give it 3 months, at most, before you will regret spending a penny on this poor excuse for a smartphone. Save yourself the time, pain, and frustration and go find something else. Anything must be better than this.

This is a great little phone to take pictures with .I use it for work i take alot of pictures and send them by email

I no longer have phone, as I had to return after having only 2 weeks because screen started to disappear from the bottom up.  I returned phone and was told I would receive replacement, but received my money back to be told we no longer have in stock.Not a happy experience

Bad device. The battery will not stay charged for more than an hour and the device locks up. I do not recommend this device.

battery couldn't stay charged for more than 20 minutes when I revieved it. so I had to return it, bummer

I ordered the Motorola DROID X from them for $75.99. What I got was a piece of garbage Pantech Breakout. The phone was a total piece of garbage, and when I tried to return it, they would only give me a 50% refund for the phone. I would not recommend buying from them!!

a phone in a box without instructions of any kind.  I am very disappointed.  No user manual, no reference guide, nothing.

It was ok ran good wouldnt re I to n on v I got to get ba k to work

The whole screen doesnt work so if you are typing u miss spell words or cant open things, was not worth the money

This phone is not made to last, very sensitive don't really like a lot of the options,  don't care for the buttons I wouldn't recommend .

Mic only worked on speaker phone. I had to pay to get it fixed. Too much of a hassle to send it back.

When ordered it stated that it would take apx 15-20 days to deliver (That was understandable). However, it has gone past that time frame (We are on day 34), AND when I am trying to find out where it is, I am not getting any response from anyone. NOT ACCEPTABLENot sure If I will ever order anything else from here.

I got a great deal on this phone, and I love it. I am so happy that i found such a great deal on this phone here.

I wus really really not happy and I am really upset it came with a used battery.... and could,t even returen it

Good phone. Becoming a little outdated . Got it for an affordable replacement till i was eligible for an upgrade. I can not  say anything negative about this phone. For the money a very good buy!

I was nervous about ordering something used of this price sight unseen.  It arrived quickly and in good shape.  I took it to the Verizon store and there was no problem connecting it, it works wonderfully.  The note inside from the company owner saying to call them if there were any problems was a nice touch, made me feel confident that they would live up to the good reviews they had.

This phone is what I deserve since I was dumb enough to drop my IPhone 5 into the toilet! I thought I had insurance but guess what?...! I don't! It's all you would expect from an old phone, slow, sluggish and bulky. July 2015 can't come soon enough. I gave it 2 stars because I ordered it around 3am on Saturday and I got it on Monday. Very fast delivery!

It has crashed a couple times and sometimes the touch screen does not always pick up my touchother than that it's ok

Dont get me wrong its a nice phone.BUT cant use it with my company because the pervious owner owes a bill so its a paper weight for now.Not a happy camper,,,,hopefully this will be solved soon.

Came in the mail absolutely perfect. Never had any troubles got what I expected for 70$ had if for like 3-4 months now and never had any trouble.  Only con is it doesn't have a front facing camera and snapchat seems to crash frequently.  But not a bad bang for your buck.

cant wait till i upgrade to a newer phone, i was dissapointed in this phone.  not what i expececed at all..

I got the phone and it worked great for a couple of days but then it started getting all glitchy and unresponsive I tried to hard reset it and it still did not work right after a couple more days I contacted the seller and they said they where going to send me a new one but never did so I will not buy anything from them again.

Upgraded from my last phone and it is just great, takes nice pictures also. Would recommend this to anyone needing a new phone.

This is a pretty good phone for the money and to only be 3G. However, the end of the charger pulled off and the company wanted me to return everything to be replaced instead of just replacing the charger. I have a couple of Motorola chargers that I can use with it. So instead of paying for shipping to return it I'm using the chargers that I have.  I am also using a booster antenna in my home. The company said it wouldn't help, but it has made a noticeable difference in the reception on this phone.

The case arrived very quickly, much faster than expected. Fits phone nicely but for the price I think it should be a bit more rugged so only gave 4 stars.

The screen goes blank a lot ..and now there are little black spots and lines all over the screen .

Phone came right on time and was in excellent condition.  This is a great option rather than being forced to upgrade or replace a damaaged phone from Verizon

Service was fast and accurate but quality ofitem was lacking, phone operation has been twitchy from day one screen response is horrible and slow and it developed black spots and lines. I am not happy.

I received my order on time and am enjoying my purchase.  However, I would have liked a manual with it because I am not tech savy and have been using a flip phone up until now.  Otherwise I am very happy

I was wondering why I can't activate my phones. We turned the phones on and click activate. Followed the instructions. It says enter the number you want to activate. Well...I don't have a "phone number" to enter. I paid way too much for them to be useless. Two phones, one information paper, zero progress. I'm not a happy camper right now...Called about three different numbers either on the website or on the paper. All coming up the same. "What phone number do you want to activate". Grr. However, the appearance is cool. Has nice weight to it. Doesn't feel cheap by no means. Oh yeah! and the little green Droid was kind of cute. But that's about all I have for now. I rated this as "ok" because I don't know how it's going to work or if I'll have issues. Maybe at a later date I'll give a better review.

I bought this phone since I am on page plus cellular. I was with verizon but I got tired of paying $150 a month for a bill when I get the same service from page plus for $40 a month. Great phone and didn't cost me an arm and a leg.

The phone did not work when I received it.  You could only hear the person on the other line while on speaker phone.

I have had this phone for two years.  I am switching to an iphone.I am not impressed with the droid x. The battery life is terrible.  The phone fully charged will just shut down.  The internet just drops off.  Once it just totally disappeared.  Lol yes the bill was paid.  When I took it in I was told the issues I had were common with this phone.I have been having problems for at least a year and a half.  I would not get another phone like this again.The screen just freezes up.  And I cannot watch shows or movies with it as it freezes up.The droid x is awful I would not recommend it.

I was not very impressed with this phone from the beginning.  It was always slow, and the touch screen was not very responsive.  I have had it for about 6 months, and it barely functions anymore.  I am currently looking for a replacement.Not something I would buy again.

As an upgrade from an HTC Droid Eris with OS 2.1 this Droid X with 2.3 is the cats meow and the 1 GHZ processor  glides along multi-tasking all day I did get the bigger battery but found the phone sensed it had more energy and used those up faster then the battery that it came with. Love it

So approximately 4 months ago I was due for an upgrade at Verizon.  Since I still did not want to tack on extra $$ for data (especially since I get data on my iPad = $60/month just for 2 devices to be on data!) I bought a phone the salesman told me was a &#34;great texting phone&#34;.  This turned out to be very false as the phone was extremely slow and lagged constantly.  Then Verizon introduced the new pricing feature making it much more affordable for my family to have data.  So I was on the prowl for a better prepaid phone that I could replace my p.o.s. with.  I stumbled upon this baby.  I've had it a few days and its incredible!  I love it!  So happy I bought it.  Now would I be this thrilled if I owned an iPhone 5 or a more recent droid?  Probably not but since I was upgrading from a non smart phone this thing is incredible to me.  I really love apple, but didn't want to put out the $$ for a used beat up iPhone 4.  I'm actually enjoying this more than I think I would an iPhone!One thing to be aware of:  I bought this phone &#34;new&#34; and it certainly looks and performs that way.  I doubt it was actually new but the company certainly made sure it looked nice.  I can't complain about that.  I also bought a sandisk 32 gb sdhc card &#34;frustration free packaging&#34;.  Do NOT DO THIS!  It was crashing my droid and I couldn't understand since the Droid X is supposed to support 32 GB.  I figured out its because FF Packaging is basically repacking refurbished sd cards.  I replaced that with one I bought at walmart and it actually works in the phone.  I will be continually updating this to let you all know how the phone is performing.

I DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY I CANNOT RECEIVE A PHONE THAT WORKS WHEN THEY HAVE RECEIVED MY MONEY AND I HAVE A PHONE THAT DOES NOT EVEN TURN ON. I HAVE TO WAIT A MONTH FOR MY MONEY TO COME BACK AND I STILL DO NOT HAVE A PHONE THAT WORKS.

other than that awesome !!!!!!!!!! I really like this phone it works like no other it can take a beating and keep working

I'm one of those ppl that must have the newest phones, electronics, kitchen gadgets, etc. However this phone took me by surprise bcz I still love it. I'm finally going to upgrade to a phone with a few features this doesn't have (I'll look for a phone with a front facing camera, screenshot without rooting, and some other features) However this phone has a great screen. It plays videos and displays pictures beautifully. The camera it's great (hold the camera button halfway to adjust to a close up shot). I have rooted my last droid x, but wasn't able to when I had the phone replaced (dropped it in concrete from a high distance and the glass broke) about a year ago. I have dropped (& thrown) my phone on concrete with a silicone cover on and it didn't break yet since then. I hope my next phone is as good as this one.

phone is the best ive had by far. i keep changing to the updated versions but i always go back  to the droid x.

the phone is nice, but, I was replacing and Verizon Motorola Droid 4.  I was hoping this would work for me.  I miss my bigger screen and returned the phone.  Had nothing to do with the phone itself, just my own preference.  Received a prompt refund.  No hassles.  Nice to know customers are treated fairly.

I switched from the iPhone 3G to this phone after seeing someone with it and getting to play with it some. The screen was nice and large. The phone was super responsive. It's a cool looking phone. There were so many great things at the surface.Things that make this phone better than the iPhone 3G/4G/4Gs:- Ability to tether w/apps on the marketplace w/o having to jailbreak your phone.- Legit GPS ability with turn by turn directions w/o having to buy an app.- Ability to customize the phone to your needs (add widgets on the home screen).Things that make this phone worse than the iPhone 3G/4G/4Gs:- Camera.- This phone randomly reboots on its own.- Sometimes will freeze and you'll have to pull the battery.Here's the deal, it's a good phone but after it's last major update (late September/early October) the phone pretty much blows. The phone lags. Sometimes I'll hit the call button and it'll take over 30 seconds before it'll start to dial. When I exit an app and go to the home screen, it takes 5-8 seconds for all the shortcuts on the home screen to show up. It's a terrible terrible phone. When it works... it's a good phone. For those looking at this phone... don't. It's not worth its money, even if someone offered you one for free. Stay away. I'm waiting for the release of the Samsung Nexus Prime whatever from Verizon to update.

I bought this phone for my wife as a temporary replacement for the next 6 months until our next upgrade becomes available. The phone looked new, was no trouble activating (Verizon), and works as new. It was a great option to bridge the gap between upgrades. Who knows, maybe we'll use it longer than expected.

SUPER COOL PHONE WAS IN AMAZING SHAPE TO BE A USED PHONE SUPER GOOD PRICE MY FIRST SMART PHONE NOW I'M HOOKED ALWAYS HATED WHEN I USED OTHER PEOPLES SMART PHONE THE TOUCH SCREEN MADE ME WANT TO SCREAM BUT I WOULD NOT USE ANYTHING BUT AN ANDROID NOW SO I GUESS WELCOME TO THE 21st CENTURY TO ME

Good phone, had 2 of them after losing the first. For the price they're good value but if I had to nitpick I would say the camerais not great and some demanding games run crappy, so you can feel the age of the phone. It served me well while I had itbut my current S3 is clearly lightyears ahead.

I find it very hard to use, can't find a cover for it locally, it's is very hard to dial or save pictures. Sometimes I can't even answer it. I have to swipe 2 or 3 times.

the only issue i had was the battery.  It was good for a week then all of a sudden it started to get real hot and battery went bad.  It wouldnt even charge to 100% and would die within 3 hours, max.  I just ordered a new battery and now its great.  Very pleased

Didn't work at all

This phone was okay for a week then started freezing and restarting on its on then it crashed so I had to reboot system and it still freezes wen trying to make calls

The phone worked fine for one week and then would no longer charge.  It's been returned and now I have see the response

Bought this phone to use with StraightTalk, kid &#34;needed&#34; a smartphone. She is very happy with it and we've had no problems so far. We've been using it for a month now.

always dependable the battery lasts for ever and the apps are easy to use better than the I phone by far

This phone works great however it's a little too slow when loading. Can't complain though because I bought it as last resort because I really needed a phone ASAP.

The phone has a bigger screen than my old iPod Touch and iPhone 4.  It had an expandable memory so I can fill this puppy up with MP3s, pictures and videos(I had 7 feature films I own in it with plenty of room to spare).  I didn't need a case or screen protector.  With an iPhone now, it was liberating not caring about the dropping this phone since it's sort of built like a tank.  I have a refurbished one(explained below) and the only thing time has done to it's exterior is some paint gone and usually smudges andfinger prints due to daily use.  Had to replace the battery.  It good since I replacement batteries are like $10 bucks for two.  Since it's an Android, your apps will constantly have updates with and without firmware updates for the phone's OS.Again, a perfect phone for people who want a smartphone that can do the basic things you need and want without all the bells-and-whistles that newer smartphones today have.  You can really have it pass your 2-year contract.I really wish I can love this phone or basically like it, but, after a year, was the most stressful thing I have ever have.  It freezes, lags, re-boots itself, and doesn't download anything on WiFi.  Not being able to use it on WiFi was what broke my alliance with Android.  All that freezing and lagging could be worked on.  All I had to do was to make it work like an iPhone or basic cellphone.  No updating widgets or background data service and this phone is still good to go.  But the WiFi just sucked.  It would connect and stay connected, but would NOT download anything.  The second biggest problem was when my first Droid X totally corrupted the microsdHC in it.  That SD was 32 gigs!  So Verizon sent me a refurbish one.  Son of a BITC... I would have rather have my old, original, corrupted Droid X back.  At least I can use WiFi on it.  Battery life sucks, but you can always get another battery.

This is a great phone. I haven't had any problems in the 7 months I have had it. Has lots of extras, and easy to use.

I have not had a chance to use it much but with out any instructions i was able to figure out what i wanted to use it for. I like the size and it arrived right on time.

Item Arrived Very quicklythis phone is still amazing despite the age of it.i can play 3D games just fine such as dead space and raging thunder 2I recommend this to anyone.

I have used this phone for about 6 months. A few days ago I had it replaced, so this is as good a time as ever to write a review.With the time I've had with this phone, I have to say I am extremely disappointed. The phone has a lot of good reviews and in general looked very good on paper. After using it after half a year, I want to use it as a target at a shooting range and throw it off the Empire State Building.Pros:-Very affordable-Nice design-Decent amount of storageCons:-With low battery, incoming calls can be impossible to answer or the keyboard won't work-Generally bad performance-Even worse performance with low battery-Battery dies very quickly (~6 hours), even with Bluetooth, GPS, WiFi, and Data off and light usage-Browsers are dreadfully slow-4G LTE not supported-Several popular apps are not compatible (e.g. Chrome)-Camera auto-focus is horrid-No camera flash-No front-facing cameraThere are typical problems with phones, like not supporting 4G LTE or not having a camera flash. But when your phone is dying and you can't make calls or texts because of it, there's something wrong.In conclusion, the phone looks nice on the outside, but it's useless if you're the kind of person who likes to download and mess with apps, which is what a smartphone is supposed to be for. If you're on a tight budget, stick with a flip-phone or get a Moto G. An 8GB model is $180, probably the cheapest best phone you can get, and worlds better than this. The extra $100 you spend will be worth it.

I bought this as a replacement phone. I love it. It takes great pictures and video. It has a bigger screen then my prior phone. I'm a very satisfied customer.

not happy with the item at all the screen had black dots on it as soon as we powered the phone upp and now they are showing up everywhere.

Not too happy because the phone was sent to me defective. It runs really slow, it heats up, the charge doesn't even last all day. Plus i can't make a call unless it's on speaker phone &text messages need to be sent a few times because they don't go through the first time. I really like the look & simplicity of it but now i need to send it back & wait for another phone :(

phone wouldnt even stay on had to buy a battery the phone did not meet exspectation wish i could have returned

A solid piece of engineering. It's too bad the software/marketing folks refuse to support it after just a few years out. I would continue to use it if it could handle to my software needs. However, my son loves it, as is, so all is not lost. ;)

you r willing to pay $80. a month for a top up card. for that price u might as well do a contract

Ive had my droid x for about 2 years now and im really getting sick of it. The camera is poor at taking non blurry photos, overall its sluggish compared to newer phones. Its not "quick" to do anything, taking photos, make a call, or launch an app. Most likely because of the bloatware verizon installed on it.Ive also had an ongoing issue with my phone corrupting pictures when trying to send them via text message.The galaxy s3 appears to be the best android phone out there right now.

This phone works great, and the battery seems fine so far, but there is a hole where the headphone or auxilary cord should be put. I can't listen to music in the car because of it. But other then that the phone is fine.

The quality of the equipment was poor. The marking was misleading by not clearly specifying that the equipment does not work with a SIM card. My understanding of the deductions for returning this mobile phone made the process a waste of time. I have accepted the loss.

Did not get this phone new, but it was close. Easily the worst smartphone I have owned. Terrible battery life, I am completely unable to text at this point...the phone takes poor pictures (about 75% taken have to be reshot) and it takes up to 20 minutes to actually call someone (I kid you not). Normally a fan of droids, this one is just junk, unfortunately.

Great phone! Minor scratches. I love it. Fast shipping! Works with page plus cellular! Dropped it a couple of times still works wonderful!

i had this phone for two years and had to get my phone replaced three times the once once a device malfuntion the second was when go to school at clemson at special program called clemsonlife someone ran to me and my phone hit the sidewalk and the thrid was a another device malfuntion the charging port got damaged i used protect cell for my insurance and made the mistake of making my dad renew my insurance becuase the last two phone protect cell sent me the first had a damaged headphone jack then the second once they sent the web brower opens and it opens my apps with me touching the insurance is out in febuary and be getting the samsung galaxy s4 phone from verizon when i get my new phone i will get my insurance from verizon this time thank you protect for sending me two phone that not worked like shit

Wasnt to crazy over the Droid, still think the iphone is a more simple fit. Its an okay smart phone overall.

I liked the phone and the price. Maybe a little out dated but don't really care. I thing there are alot of areas that don't have 4G anyways

quick and accurate phone its also very sleek and slim. it fits in my pocket and it never breaks down on me. totally reliable phone.

I ordered two of these used phones from TheBlueDot.  They arrived in a couple of days!  Both look fine (a few scratches, some use as described).  I fired one up and activated it immediately with my wireless carrier.  It is in use now and working fine.  I only regret that I did not also purchase an otter case from Amazon at the same time.

THIS SELLER IS SUCKS,WHEN I WENT ON AMAZON.COM TO SHOP FOR A PHONE I FOUND THEM, THEY SAID FOR A BRAND NEW PHONE THIS WHAT YOU HAVE TO PAY AND FOR A USED PHONE A DIFFERENT PRICE.I CHOOSE TO GET A NEW ONE,WHEN I RECEIVED THIS PHONE IT WAS A REFURBISH PHONE, NO BOOK, NO ORIGINAL ACCESSORIES LIKE THE CHARGER, THE PHONE DIDNT COME IN THE MANUFACTURE BOX.THE WORSE AFTER 3 WEEKS I SEEN 3 DOTS ON THE SCREEN AND TWO LINES THAT BLOCK ME UNABLE TO TEXT OR SEE ANYTHING ON THE SCREEN.I CALLED AMAZON TO HELP ME RESOLVE THIS ISSUE, THEY REJECTED MY CLAIM FOR WAIT TOO LONG .I TOLD THEM I DONT NEED THE MONEY ,I JUST NEED A GOOD WORKING PHONE THEY STILL REFUSED.SUCKS ---SUCKS---SUCKS  ------SHAME ON YOU ----SHAME ON YOU-----SHAME ON YOUI  DONT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO NO ONE

So I dropped my RazrMaxx in a puddle, and I didn't have insurance so I was looking for a cheap smart phone.I got this a few months ago, and it's not bad. It lags at times, and the stock applications give me useless updates from software that I can't disable. The battery life is surprisingly good, the internet is surprisingly slow, but I guess that's because it's not even 3g. First world problems right.Luckily I can get all of the android apps that I had on my last phone, so it's not too much of a downgrade.The call quality is fine, the camera sucks. And I have this black smudge thing on my screen that won't go away, but that's probably because I dropped it a few times. Other than that, it's pretty sturdy. It's like one of those brick flip phones with a touch screen. It gets the job done.For under 90 bucks though, I'm not complaining too much. I should have bought insurance right? Whatever.

Got the phone. Set it up and the first thing I realize is how painfully slow it is for simple tasks such as scrolling on the home screen and opening apps. It has a considerable lag. The phone itself has problems with battery life. The amount of verizon bloatware on the phone is up-surd as well.The headphone jack doesn't work and the phone will only charge on specific chargers. Can I get my money back yet?

My phone died so I needed a replacement to last me until I can get my upgrade. I purchased this droid phone from Amazon and it is everything that I need. Great price.

Ive had the Driod for 3 years now and at first I loved it but now I HATE it, I have had to buy 3 different droids bc each one constantly becomes &#34;possessed&#34; . Name it it happens. Do not waste ur time or money on this phone!!

I'm trying to return it to the seller asap even on the speakers i can't barely hear anyone,and people are complaining they can't hear me.  I did a search and this is a common problem on the droid phones.  Then the phone has a life of its own.  Suddenly it went into airplane mode, didn't know for 40 minutes what to do because it would not let me into the settings menu.then it often doesn't recognize the SD card.  When you need to take a quick pic especially.  Picture taking is slow, quality is ok.  I don't know IF this particular used phone was 'abused' but make sure IF you want one you ask the above issues and have them guarantee it works and have it in writing.  This is sad because the screen size is what i wanted and the price was right.  Docking station is nice addition too.  But i'm forced to go shopping again because this has been a major hassle for three weeks and I finally figured out this phone is seriously flawed as I 've had plenty of Motorolas and several androids that didn't act up this way.and you know what your only option is?  to SELL it on AMAZON again so I can screw the next person!Be careful to buy a phone on Amazon when you cant test it in person ! had I read the reviews other than the bs on Amazon reviews I would have never purchased it.  So don't just outright belief the reviews - do moreoutside reviews as well.  I m stuck with this because its not salable.  period.  a ripoff.

It did not last long got black dots in the screen. Had to send it back after having it only a few weeks because it kept freezing up.

First phone i received pieces broke off the phone the screen started going out a month or so after purchasing finally it just would not turn on anymore! ... then i received a new phone from the provider and this phone is worse then the first phone!!!!! back piece broke off 3 days after having it looked like the parts where glued together with a hot glue gun!!  the screen has thick lines across it and big black dots are now starting to appear AGAIN!!! its a matter of time before it doesn't want to turn on again! I DO NOT Recommend YOU BUY THIS PHONE  WASTE OF MONEY ! i am so angry the low quality and the inconvenience i have had to experience

I got this phone for my mom since she is on my plan with me and wasn't eligible for an upgrade yet. The the only thing she really cared about was that the screen was big enough to text on. The phone is just about the size of my iPhone 5. My husband has the droid razor which has a huge screen and is frankly more phone the he knows what to do with. This phone has all the basic principles of the brand new droids without all the ridiculous processing power and apps up the wazzu. It suits it's purpose just fine and will provide my mom endless hours of discovery as far as what it's capable of. My only issue is is that it doesn't provide any flexibility as far as customizing text and icon sizes but other than that it's well worth the price

I love this phone..5 stars from me if it was able to recieve mpre i would give ot 10 stars and 2 thumbs up.

It took me a while to decide what phone to buy - did lots of research. I believe in yesterday's technology when it is still good. This is. It does everything the new phone of today do. Only issue I have - and I've read about it in many reviews - is the camera. It is very slow to respond. But that is not why I have it. I have a good DSLR and it doesn't bother me that the camera in my phone is not that great.Everything else works wonderfully. Great reception....

This was purchased and once it was charged it stopped working. The screen turned blank and no activity. This was a disappointment.

this phone is 100% awesome i love it this is the best phone i have ever owned thank you very much

I don't like the phone at all. I will not purchase another phone from Amazon. It doesn't work well at all. But I will shop for housing decor.

Like the phone and its size. The only grip i have is the battery life. When i make a lot of calls and texts the battery runs down quick. Doesn't make the whole day this can be problems if no charger is available.

Good phone great condition easy to activate, I am very pleased with it , I fixin to get a second one for my wife!!

had this phone for 3 months... didn't drop it ... was very gentile. I was at work one day and out of no where picked up my phone, and 1/4 of the screen was black with lines in it....... wasted money

I WOULD RATE A 0 IF I COULD THIS PHONE IS ABSOLUTELY TRASH ! IT HAD A MESSED UP SCREEN SUPER SLOW! THE WORST PHONE I'VE HAD IN MY PHONE HISTORY AND LIFE!!! TRASH TRASH TRASH BLUE DOT ALSO WAS NOT HELPFUL NEVER SENT ME A RETURN LABEL AND RIPPED ME OFF. NOW I WILL FILE A CLAIM!!!BE CAREFUL WITH BLU DOT THIS SELLER WILL RIPP YOU OFF!SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR

I love this phone.  It is an older model (outdated by some standards) but it works great.  The screen is large and the phone holds up.  I got this one because I notice a lot of businesses use this model for the techs etc that they want to have &#34;on Call&#34; all the time.  If companies are finding it endures the wears and tears of non owner users and still keeps them in touch; well, that says a lot.  It is working great for me.  Great price.  Arrived on time and packaged well and a WHOLE LOT less expensive that the newer model.  One drawback to any of these androids is shortened battery time.  I find I must plug in after about 6 hours, but I use lots of functions and on time with my business.

Phone is a good model. Not top of the line, but it is a step above the low end phones. Works well and for the price, you can't beat it.

i like the phone and it work good but i drop it and got lines between the screen so i have to get it fix

This is a 3g phone.  The battery life is very bad.  But other then that is a phone.  The worst cell phone I have ever owned.

I like how the phone works when it works.  This is the third droidx in the last few months.  On the first, my screen went blotchy after a few weeks.  I confess it was dropped once.  #2 was faulty and couldn't use with my wireless provider.  Now #3 has a problem properly charging.  I have to perfectly adjust the charging port for the charge to take place.  Just a little bump and it disconnects the charge. I am weary of paying returning costs.  The only reason I will try one more time is the one I bought my wife in June is working fine and it is nice to have the same kind of phone.

I'm very pleased with this phone. It is very like the new unit that my daughter purchased for $200; imagine the surprise when my $40 refurbished stood as near the same!  It was as described and arrived as promised. Wonderful seller and great product.

It freezes a lot and I have to turn it off to fix it. It was a good deal for $40 though.

I HAD THIS PHONE FOR ONLY 7 MONTHS AND THE SCREEN WENT HAYWIRE!!! I TOOK IT TO A VERIZON STORE AND THE TECH SAID THE BATTERY WAS SWOLLEN BUT COULD NOT EXPLAIN WHY SCREEN WAS NOT WORKING!!!!!!!! NO FIXES!!!NO REFUND!!! YOU WILL BE SOL IF YOU BUY IT!!!

Works like a new phone... even the lost data returned in good shape.  All functions perform well.  The battery was dead on arrival.  Agent Cindy at the provider (BlutekUSA) had the replacement battery shipped immediately from their warehouse, no questions asked.  Keep protecting the brand.Thanks,TH

good afternoon, I would like to know if this phone brings its fixture and box more invoice it, because I just said about the camera and I need to know that or you otherwise do not require the purchase

I love my phone but obviously my phone was damaged before it got to m me because shortly after thurmond out on got the first time it had dots in the screen! Smh...

The phone buttons are already broke and my screen doesn't want to work sometimes. I just bought this phone about a month a go

Enjoy this phone.  This is my third droid phone that i have purchase.  But this one is doing good so far.  Will keep you posted on the performance in the future.

It is great! My iphone broke so I was looking for a replacement and found this android. Since getting an iphone replacement is way expensive this was the next best thing in my price range. It works wonderful and a little slow but all and all great product.

Shipment was quick and return was easy. The product should up in good condition but the charging port was defective. I returned the phone but am still waiting for the funds to be returned. Worth a shot but clearly they need to do more &#34;refurbishing&#34;.

I love my phone! Love it Love it!!! :DI enjoy how sleek it is. I mean, I thought Id have trouble with it like in that week when I first got it. But I didnt. I love it. :)

The phone works by 10/8The phone works by 10/8The phone works well but there is a problem in the USB port

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!  Fell once (not even from a far distance) and never turned back on.  At first I thought maybe it was my stupidity but then when I went to trade it in I started to realize that it must just have been a crappy phone.  Amazon sells it for $99.00 but wont pay more than $0.85 for it as a trade-in and no other company will even let you sell it to them.  I'm switching to the Moto G and going to try my luck with that.

I love this phone! It is fast, great reception, and easy to use!The phone has great features and access to the internet and social media sites!

phone arrived on time and was easy to set up. Looked exactly like the picture and i am very happy with my purchase

I got new 3G device. BH5X Battery without motorola logo was included. For an extra security I  ordered mobile phone battery from LS Accessories. So far so good with calling features and internet connectivity.

But it was a slow death. It seemed to work fine the first few days then it would not take a charge. Overnight it would die and not come back on the next day unless I plugged it in over and over again. But then that stopped working. It was gone forever.I did not bother to contact the seller about it. I just decided to buy a new one at full price since my free renew date is not until Jan 2014. This could have been an anomaly, I don't know. The seller might would have given me a full refund but like I said, I did not contact them.

Not well at all device was damaged. Item didn't work properly after getting it coonnected. Item would shut off all the tyme.

The phone shuts off all the time on its own. The internet on it is really slow also I think that is just the droid x in general though.

phone works great couple a years old but new to me 2010 this was a easy phone to learn thanks

I purchased this phone 14 months ago, and still feel it was the best decision I could have made.  I absolutely love the camera.  The 8 megapixels means that I have clear, high quality pictures that I can use for digital scrapbooking, printing, and sharing with friends and family.  I love that my video and still camera is always at my fingertips.  In addition, I use this phone for hours every day to check email, text, play games, wake up in the morning, play music, listen to digital books, and find out how to get where I'm going.  Oh, and sometimes I even make calls with it!  It's pretty great for that too!  I also like that the touch screen keyboard has good sized buttons.  I rarely have typos, but have been known to have some auto-correct fails from time to time.  The only thing I don't like about this phone is that I have to have two sets of music libraries, one on Amazon, and one on ITunes.  Ah well, nothing is perfect.

It works great and does everything he wants it too. The pictures are even pretty good for a phone. now i need a cover.

Item will not stay charge. It's hard to hold a charge on this device. I've tried several outlets and its the device.

This is my first smart phone and I am enjoying it .I would suggest this phone to everyone it has so many great features.

About three months after I got it the charging port stopped working . I had to use a battery charger to get it to work.

the phone has some dents and dings on it. i have always loved my droid x's. hopefully my case and screen protectors will come in soon so i can hide how bad it looks. i bought it used "very good" condition....that must have been a joke! anyway it was a replacement for my old droid x that finally bit the dust..ok now ive only had this phone for a few hours. it's freezing up there is a major delay when u tap on buttons or try to send a txt message. it takes me up to 2 minutes just to get it to dial a number to make a phone call! THIS PHONE SUCKS!!! nothing at all like my other droid x. don't even get me started on the battery life for this one phone. most definitely gonna have to order a new one cause this is ridiculous. im having to charge almost every three hours and i don't even use my phone that much.

The issue I am having is the volumn cannot find where to turn the volumn up for the phone and it is very hard to hear sounds muted!  Other than that (which is a big deal to me) everything seems in order.

It freezes, it takes for ever to dial and it's crap, crap, crap, crap.  I will never buy a droid again!!!!

The price was stunning... but I can't download any apps, even after purchasing and installing an 8GB microSD card (which should have come with the phone).  Sort of makes a smart phone rather dumb, without apps.  Otherwise, it's working great.

I was not told it had 5 black water spots on the screen which makes it difficult to see and read.

This 3G phone has worked great for me on the Verizon network for 2 1/2 years so far.  I have purchased an extra battery.  It is easy to activate on the Verizon website if you are on month to month or if still on an existing contract ther is no need to extend it. (I replaced a phone that was stolen).  Vary happy with this phone and apprehensive about upgrading to something new and different.

Ordered this a few months back.Had 2 replacements and just got tired of sending them back and being with out a phone for 2 weeks.The used phones from this guy are junk.Says it is 9/10.But when i got me second replacement it had been previously dropped and falling apart.

I was really skeptical at first, but the phone was even better than i expected! I absolutely love it. I had no issues with it whatsoever and will continue doing business with them! Really awesome!

except not happy that the plan does notcarry over  unused balance from month to month.Battery life is OK

It freezes up several times a day. Annoying. All I have to do is refresh the screen, but it is annoying. My first Droid X NEVER did that in the over two years that I had it. I loved my first Droid X. I bought this one after I dropped my phone. I had given my upgrade option to my son. So it will do for now, but I can hardly wait to be able to replace it.

Just a few weeks ago I purchased a Droid X Verizon phone. It came brand new in packaging and worked perfectly up until 2 days ago...I don't really know what happened, all I know is that I NEVER dropped or got my phone in water. I woke up and looked at the phone and then it suddenly cut off. I could not get the phone back on no matter what I did (and we tried everything). I then took my phone to the Verizon store and they could not fix it. I paid all this money for a lemon and now I have to get another phone! Very unhappy!!!

I guess my step dad likes it he hasn't been complaining about it so I guess we all good. It's a nice and works very well

I needed a new phone for my wife until her contract could be renewed in a couple months, so I bought a Droid X used, but in near mint condition. What the seller failed to mention was the the LCD screen was cracked under the glass and makes the screen almost unreadable. Also, there seems to be issues with the USB/Charging port, as I can only get about 6 hours of battery life out of the device on a good charge. I did some further research only to discover that HUNDREDS of people are having these issues with brand new Droid X devices straight from the box. A result of poor quality control and cheap hardware. When the common troubleshooting solution on the Motorola site is to remove the battery from the phone and then reinsert it and try to reboot, there's definitely a major problem. I will NEVER but another Motorola product again. Save your money for an iPhone!

I opened the product, activated it and it would not work after an hour. I sent it back immediately, spent $10 on shipping,  It's been 3 months and I still have not gotten my money back.

Order the phone and got it when it was suppose to get to me. As I began to switch it over to straight talk and it did work fine, but my device has black dots on it and the battery does not stay charger long at all. I ahve contacted the seller numberous of times and never got a respond for them yet and it's a week later.

I bought phone got a prepaid plan started wich was 70. Dollars phone turns off and on randomly and not one time like anytime i tried to use it and i sent it back like they wanted now im out the money for service and they have the phone and i got no refund. I am very disappointed with them and Amazon for allowing them to sell here. If i could give a 0 star rating i would.

When this phone is overclocked and root it perform well but beside that it's very laggy and cumbersome to use.

I bought this to avoid Verizon contracts. Works greats but it is 3 year old tech. It does everything I need it to. If you are looking for android 4.0 or higher look elsewhere. This is an 2.1 or 2.2 only product unless you jailbreak it.

This the best phone I could have ever purchased for my husband. The Droid series of phone the best phones for those who want a simple smartphone.

This phone does it all! I love how easy it was to figure out the how too's about it. The only thing it doesn't do as well as I would like is making or receiving an actual phone call. I almost always have to have it on speaker setting to hear the caller; not usually a big deal except when talking to my non-texting Mom!

It does what it says it does, but with continuous errors. It's slow at what it does do. This is the second phone I've gotten. The first one got a 2 inch black stipe across it within 2 days, so I sent it back. This one already has black streaks over it. Don't waste your money. I don't know how people can still sell this junk and have a conscience.

Phone was in perfect condition as was my expectation.  Arrived promply.  Performs great, does more than I will ever need it to do.  Vendor service was excellect providing a micro card for the device.

This phone is wonderful. Everything advertized about it is right on. The price was good too. Do wish it was a little smaller,but still great.

Im not at all happy with the droid x it keeps freezing on me even though I barely downloaded any apps and don't at all have too many pics or other files.

The phone is great is that some times I have problems hanging up.  Sometimes.! The phone is very easy to use and set up. to say the least the phone is Okay,

its what i thought i would be like .i felt like a kid on christmas when it arrived at my house and all my expectations were met thank you

Got this for my wife to use on PagePlus.  It is a terrific phone, with great sound quality and easy to navigate display.  Note that it is a 3G phone and does not have 4G, but that is what I was looking for, as the 4Gs will not work on PagePlus.  No matter, the speed is just fine, and she loves the thing.  Recommended.

My son was crazy about it was a must have&looks brand-new had no problem getting it going for him also came in two it three days. Great phone now I want one.

I bought these phones for my wife and I to use with Straight Talk. This phone is way better than other inexpensive phones offered by Straight Talk. The phone is easy to use and setup. It has a great processor and takes good pics and video. I was disappointed that it didn't come with a SD card. I transferred my SD card from my old phone and was able to save my pics and music. I couldn't find any accessories at any of electronic and cellular stores due to the phone being discontinued two generations ago by Verizon, but thanks to Amazon was able to find some. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to save money with Straight Talk.

I love my Droid X, it is the best phone I have ever had.  The phone has good sound quality and a very good camera.  I am pleased with my new phone.

This phone is great, the wifi and data are fast. battery does not last very Long, but it charges quick

I ordered this phone since we are in contract but our phones were not working good.  i was able to have verizon turn this one and it works great.

i recommend this phone i had trouble out of the batteries staying charged they sent me another one not bad

Is this cell phone ready to be used I mean like to have my old number and everything I don't need a contract? Do it have the capacity to update a memory card ?

In the description of the one I had ordered it stated there was a sim card slot. When in reality thay lt is a straight up LIE!! the only reason I bought it was because it said it had a SIM card!! They screwed me. I ended up with a phone I could use. That I spent quite a bit of money on!

amo este celular, no tiene nada que envidiar a los demas, funciona muy bien ademas me llego como nuevo, no me arrepiento de comprar este celular, es una marabilla

First off i purchased this phone for my girlfriend for Christmas last year. Now my girlfriend loves pictures and taking pictures and using apps to edit them into collages. So when i found this phone with a nice 5 inch screen and a 10MP camera with flash at a very offordable price i was all over it. However some flaws with the camera kept her from enjoying it like we wanted. For example it says 10mp camera however the quality of the pictures look nothing like it and no its not because i have the settings wrong...it just doesnt look that good and the flash is COMPLETELY UNUSABLE. When you take a picture with the flash its like the timing of the flash is off and the picture always has excess brightness...then on top of that about 2 weeks ago the camera button on the bottom right side of the phone quit working so its difficult to take pictures of us together.As far as the actual phone it actually works really well with no white noise and never drops a call unless signal is completely lost. Battery life is not the best but not bad either about 10 hours with moderate use. No over heating and downloads/runs most apps quite smoothly.So overall the phone is not too bad just i meant this review to be a warning to the people like me who are thinking about buying this phone for picture/media related purposes. If thats the case i strongly advise you considering other options.

I recently bought this , after two weeks LCD screen was missed up, theirs a big spot in the middle I don't know if I can still return this item.

This seller deceived me big time what a rip off, the DROIDX did not come in its original box, and it came with a wall charger instead of the original USB Cable, and also the battery it's not original. The phone worked fine for afew hours and then it just kept acting on me and all the four bottom buttons do not work properly the phone it's not knew as advertised. Plase do not waste your money on this do not buy fromthis seller.

I have had my DROIDX since it launch, I did have to use my insurance on it twice, but I only Love my DROIDX. And I sure have had other phones.

I am a past Droid X user and, when I ditched Verizon to get a more affordable plan, I decided to go back to a Droid X.  I received the phone within days of ordering.  It is new old stock so it didn't have a mark on it.  Very pleased with the phone and the service and I would do business with this vendor again.

Ceased functioning shortly after purchase. Buttons jammed and the device became inoperable within about a week of purchase.  Was also fairly banged up.

While I love the phone, it arrived with a bad battery. I spent 3 months struggling with it not holding a charge. Everyone told me that was an issue with the Motorola smartphone. I be fair, because I was told it was a phone issue, I did not complain to the retailer.  I decided on a whim to buy a new battery. Fortunately, that fixed all my issues. So, this lower rating is for the retailer. The phone is great and my phone holds a charge for 3-6 days depending on how I use it.

The buttons fell off has bleeding in the screen, slow, turns off randomly, date sets to january 1 2011, times resets to odd hrs, sets to 1992 just horrible I Hate this phone.

didn't last but 3 months before failing regular performance requirements.  only option was to send back to manufacturer or start over with a new product...back to iphone.

Bought phone as a gift same day of activation phone began acting crazy...... DEFECTIVE AND DAMAGED!!!! Extremely unsatisfid on top of being extremely embarrassed! Will never so business with this mmerchant again and I suggest you do not either as their merchandise is defective And a waste of money !!!!

Perfect condition brand new not a scratch on it works wonderful. The only downfall was I had to buy a separate cord but I cannot complain

The things I like about the Droid X is that it has a nice screen, the internet is fast, updates and messages show up on the top bar that can be scrolled open, there are easy buttons on the button to go to home, return, settings. I have to say though, this is a very bulky phone and is very hard to fit in the pocket of jeans. Maybe the Droid Razr is better choice but it wasn't out when I got this. The apps are the same as any other iTunes apps and the calls are never dropped. This has been a great phone on trips using it for navigation. We don't know where we are at all so we just whip out the phone, put in the destination, and we got the best directions to where we got to be. There were a couple of times it could not find signal so we had to use a real map, but that was because there were less Verizon towers in the places we went. I was still amazed we had any signal. To wrap up here because I have to go to school, this a great phone, I recommend it but if looking for a Droid the Razr is better.

No it did not meet my standards because when I used the phone it blanks and dnt want to pull up what I asked for.so it is not a good phone to me.

Glad I never bought this when it was expensive.. after 2 months of use, the charging port has come loose and plugging the charger in no longer charges the battery. Phone was dropped onto a hard floor from a distance of about 2 feet and the screen was pretty seriously damaged after that. Durability? None. Other than that, the phone was *okay*.

The reason I gave this phone 4 stars is that the screen size is a little smaller then I would like.  Other then that the phone is great.

I bought this phone and was so excited! Condition was great used it about a month and a couple days ago it got these black spots on the screen. Very annoying you can't see what your texting or typing just very disappointed!!! I have taken very good care of the phone and can't understand why it happened.

This Droid X was a fantastic find!  I bought it for my wife, and she loves it.  Can't get it out of her hand!  It looks brand new, and the best part is that all the downloaded songs from the previous owner are still on the phone.  Probably a couple hundred dollars in downloads!Great vendor, great service, timely delivery,  A+ purchase.

The camera does not work, the phone will freeze up sometimes, the lock and camera buttons are loose, had to buy a USB card for it and the battery has a very short life--no matter what steps are taken to lessen usage and the back won't stay on.  The charging cord that came with the phone has been used a lot as the USB port is very loose and won't charge.  It is definitely a used phone.  Cosmetically, it's great.

i was purchesed this phone on amazon and loved it. i  got  case to go with it and i loved that too. but the phone itself wasnt very good. the battery life is great, nothing bad about that, the stoage in the phone is nice. but the video is my main consern. it only takes 1 minut video and it only lets you use 15 minutes of it and if you use it all, it wont let you use the camera to take photos. but overal, this is a great phone and it wil last.

I have pageplus service and this phone works with that system.  It takes great pictures and can edit them on the phone then download onto computer.  Great

This was a great phone, especially for my teenager. I would recommend this product to anyone. Thanks for the great service.

can this phone be used as a prepaid? im very intrested but cant afford a verizon plan, so i need a prepaid phone and am having troubles finding one. so i was just wondering if this phone will take a sim card?

The phone is easy to use and is a little slow but I can't complain to much, just wish the screen was a little stronger, it lcd is already going out after less then a month, I m still using it though.

this phone freeze up all the time some time 6 or more times a day this is one off the sorriest phone I have every purchased from amazon

I would highly recommend this phone. I purchased this phone as a replacement for my daughter's illusion. Its fast and takes wonderful pictures. She loves it. Her only issue with it is that it doesn't have a front camera. Other than that it works great.

i loved this phone.i still using this now and nothing NOTHING wrong with it.and about the shipping really was 2 days earlier than i excepted.am happy with this phone and the deal for this price.

Original product did not work, but I emailed them and they sent me a new phone right away. The phone was lin mint condition.

great phone

This Motorola keep rebooting sometimes when I'm on a call. Hate that totally!!!Really regret I purchase this phone period.

I'm glad I have an iphone now. This has to have been the worst Android phone ever made.  Stay away from it.

It is a good phone. The only thing is I had it for two weeks and the screen broke. :(

Phone was ideal for the price I paid for it. It was a gift for a family member, and they were very excited about it. If they like I love it. It was new as the seller promised.

I love Droid phones and I especially love that this works with Straight Talk phone service!!  I would recommend this to everyone.

It freezes often. Hardware buttons don't always work. Too big to wear around the waist. Volume's too low. Do not buy.

It took me a while to decide what phone to buy - did lots of research. I believe in yesterday's technology when it is still good. This is. It does everything the new phone of today do. Only issue I have - and I've reaad about it in many reviews - is the camera. It is very slow to respond. But that is not why I have it. I have a good DSLR and it doesn't bother me that the camera in my phone is not that great.Everything else works wonderfully. Great reception....I can hear and be heard well. It finds my wireless very quickly. Lots (LOTS) of options in the settings menu. It is extremely highly customizable. There are seven (7) home pages to set up whatever you may need. I have it set up as one with my calendar, another with music/radio apps, another with oft used numbers, another with a sticky note and one with photos, one with navigation and map stuff and the last with misc apps including my Siri-like helper (works great by the way).The battery isn't great, but it lasts all day. I am used to charging it each night. I bought a second battery so it's there if I do need it.Get a case of some sort (even though it's a pretty device, you need to cover it) - and a screen protector. I have two different types of cases I got here on Amazon (the battery too). I also suggest you get a Bluetooth if you don't already have one - pairing is simple and fast.But back to the Droid X - it is great. I love my phone and use it for many things all day, every day. The fact that it is larger than most other phones is nice. I can see better with the extra real estate. Carrying it is no bother if you have the right case. It will fit in your pocket - but be careful you don't break it there.Great phone. If something happened to mine - I'd get another one.

I have owned this phone for 2 years and 3 months.  2 months ago the button at the top quit working well.  The touchpad went bad. I got a replacement.  I am having a number of other problems with it. It does however have a very good signal when other phones do not including the iPhone.  I like the design and I like android.  It worked very well for 2 years.  Plan on replacing it within 2  years.  My husbands phone just turned 2 years old this week.  Today the menu button quit working.  We are looking at the new Samsung.

I hate it. Was supposed to be brand new. But its definitely not. It freezes up on me all the time. Goes to things i didnt even push. And my calls dont work anymore. A total waste of money. The seller should be ashamed!

it would also power itself on and off. will not hold a charge and is only a 3G phone. I have to buy another phone before they will replace

I love the phone just has a few tweaks in the phone.  its just been a while since i had an android

It's an ok phone. It works great except for it just turns off when it feels like it. I bought it for my 16 year old so it's fine by me. He can deal with it turning off in the middle of a text or call. It's a phone for now and he can still access all the apps he needs and wants.

Had a Droid X & LOVED IT!!!!!  But it got wet, so I ordered this one to replace it.  This one has dead-spots on the screen that make operation of the phone very difficult, it randomly turns itself off and on, adds aps all by itself....  Very...very...disappointed.  Wishing it worked as well as my original Droid.

Not sure of the poor reviews?  I've had nothing but good luck with my Droid X2.  No complaints other than all the bloatware VZ pre-installs.  Bought mine new in Jan 2013 for use on Kitty Wireless-PagePlus.  It was VZ discontinued at that time so it was about one-fourh ($105.00), of it's previous 'new' price.  I'm not a heavy user (semi-retired), so it does just about anything I want.  I use data usually only on wi-fi and it's a fast phone.  As some have said, it's not as good of a camera as some of the newer smart phones but my photos still look quite good.  I'm a believer in buying 2nd generation when the phone is priced reasonably...have no need for the absolute newest model when this one does just fine. Went from 80.00 a month phone bills to 20.00 (5 cents a minute/no taxes).  This phone will do it all at a reasonable pay-as-you-go price.

This phone is a huge piece of junk. Biggest issue, it randomly turns itself off and sometimes back on, sometimes it needs to be manually turned on.

This phone is superb.  The display is large. Its easy to use. Battery life is great for an Android. I love the way they have the Facebook app set up on it so I can check it with ease.  No complaints on this phone.

product was exactly as described.delivered quickly,had no instructions but having kids that was no problem as they all have the latest tech devices and were happy to bring me into this century!would use this seller again.

i only used it for calling or texting when i actually needed it.  would not suggest for people under 18

I am not happy with this phone. Does not keep its charge. Very touche Seem something is lose inside. But learning how to use a smart phone!

Then phone is fine except that it will not work with then verizon network. Can recieve or send pic or video messages.

Alot of phone for the money. I abuse mine, and it holds up OK.It is a little outdated now, because new more sophisticated phones on the market.You can get a new one for a good price.

Sticky, delayed dialing, web and other features. Internet radio options don't work, always cuts out (Pandora and others) it's the phone not radio providers. Difficulty charging at times and constantly looses the charge.  Battery drains very quickly if you try to stream anything.TOTAL WAIST OF MONEY.. DON'T WAIST YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE.  IT HONESTLY SUCKS. I've had it for over 4 months it seems too dated and can't keep up with newer technology regardless of updates!

I really like this phone!It's great i can hook this up i=on my tv to watch movies. I'm surprise it runs well on Android 2.3 Gingerbread.  It's re;liable. Good storage space and menu arrangement.

Worked great the first month but then the screen started to give out. I ended up with black lines from inside of the screen. I hadnt dropped it at all. I had this product in the past too and it did the same thing. I guess its just the phone. Cant blame the sellers.

I was originally looking at this phone on Verizon over 1 year ago when it was time to renew my 2-yr contract -- but I went with the @ (LG Spectrum 2, VS930) instead... I am just over 1 year into my two-year mandatory contractual obligation to Verizon with my LG Spectrum 2., so this won't be used with services as a registered mobile phone... The reason I wanted it??? Instead after about 10 years of going through so many brands, models, styles, sizes, qualities etc-etc-etc., of @ "(Traditional) MP3 Players"., I set out to look on the market for something different to use as an @ "MP3 Music Player" and "Photo Viewer" and if needed also as an "Video Player"... This Droid X by Motorola., like all other new technologies of "Smart Phones" in general., has so many features that traditional mobile multimedia @ "MP3 Players" just do not have and cannot offer -- and the quality of pictures, videos, music, etc-etc-etc., is also superior to traditional MP3 Players in my general experience of use... After searching on Amazon in both the @ "Prepaid Cell Phone" section and @ "Used (Previously Owned) Branded System Contractual Deactivated Cell Phone" sections like this Droid X is... I narrowed my likeness in selection down to dozen of phones that I really liked -- with this (Motorola Droid X) being among the top 3 for my available price-range... I needed a computer part; so I managed to purchase this phone also to my order previously used from @ [BluTekUSA] for $45... So very glad I did, and in love with it!Now...I am not a phone and phone-technology knowledgeable expert, so my views are given with a grain of salt... But my views for what I use it for and experiences with it are as follows...{{{Physical Quality}}} The "Physical Quality" of the phone's structure is amazing and superb -- extremely durable and despite being thin is of the same thickness as my @ (LG Spectrum 2)... The frame of the phone is made out of strong hard-casted "aluminum metal" -- and far superior quality to my @ LG Spectrum 2 which is made out of @ "Plastic"... I feel that if I dropped my @ LG Spectrum 2, it would shatter instantly into a hundred pieces -- but this Motorola Droid X would survive... This Motorola Droid X is really hefty (noticeable weight to it) when holding it in your hands and heavier than my LG Spectrum 2., which is good and lends to its quality of stability and durability... This Motorola Droid X is well built and designed all around, and feels really comfortable in your hands with a good grip of control... The back frame of the phone is @ "Aerodynamic", up where the @ "Camera" is which helps in gripping and controlling the phone from slipping out of your Hands... Overall, in my view, the @ "physical quality" of this Motorola Droid X is superior to that of my newer generation smartphone of @ LG Spectrum 2!!!{{{Screen Size and Touchscreen Type/Quality/Response-Time}}} The @ "Screen Size" is 4.3 inches -- which is a breath of fresh air, sort of speak, when coming from traditional mobile multimedia @ "MP3 Players" which only have a general usual tiny screen-size of @ "1.6 inches to 3.2 inches" and need a Magnifying-glass to view everything... With the 4.3 inch screen, I am able to enjoy and view all my photos, music, and videos perfectly clearly with every detail in focus -- note to mention: also able to operate the features/options of the phone with ease versus small touchscreens of traditional MP3 Players... The @ "Touchscreen Type" is @ "Capacitive"., so this basically means that it operates from the static energy produced by your fingers in which you barely have to touch the screen to operate its programs/options of buttons., and responds instantly after giving a push-command to the screen vs. that of @ "Resistive Touchscreens" which you have have to press on the screen and press hard to operate its programs/options and usually takes a slower response-time of about 1-2 seconds generally... The @ "Response Time" of this phone is instant and lightning(blitzkrieg) fast -- not only equal to my @ LG Spectrum 2 and my mother's Samsung Galaxy S-III.,but far superior(faster quality) in response-times than my Spectrum 2 also in a lot of areas of operation... The only problem often a nuisance, because it's @ "Capacitive" and so sensitive: if you're not conscious about it, than even having simply your fingertips on the edge will randomly active the screen with command gestures for options/features/programs/buttons on the screen., and often annoying when playing music and all of a sudden it switches to another song or folder etc., without actually touching the screen and pushing anything... Even if you don't remember to @ "dim the screen to standbye" after doing something like changing a song etc., even the slightest breeze gust of @ Wind will active the screens' features/options/programs and even simply pressing the phone up against your body etc., will do it... You really have to be conscious when using @ "Capacitive Touchscreens"... But the @ "Lightning Speed in Responses Times" is well worth every bit of the nuisance., reducing my stress and impatience from ADD/ADHD from throwing the thing up against the wall etc from waiting even a second or two which seems like an eternity., lulz... Another reason why I wanted to break away from traditional @ MP3 Players, and try something new!{{{Screen Clarity}}} The @ "Screen Clarity" is amazing, beautiful and immaculate -- and equal if not better in ways to my @ LG Spectrum 2... Everything is clear and vibrant, easily readable, and detailed especially when viewing my selection of PC Wallpapers and personal Photos -- and a breath of fresh air, sort of speak, from the usual @ "Gaussian Blur (Pixelaration)" produced by traditional multimedia mobile @ MP3 Players., and just another reason yet why I wanted to try these as use as multimedia mobile players vs. traditional mobile multimedia MP3 Players!{{{Audio/Sound Clarity Quality}}} The @ "Audio and Sound Clarity Quality" is excellent and fantastic... The Audio and Sound is very loud and easily understandable -- especially when playing my @ Music., without any distortion static disruptions as occurred on a lot of my traditional MP3 Players [especially when I increased the volume level up]... I was pleasantly surprised at how great this Phone sounded when playing my @ Music., and only on poor low vocal and melody quality of songs did the phone sound weak and distant and hard to hear... I have been using this Phone as my MP3 Player for one-week now, and I am really impressed and happy with it!!! This Motorola Android X, also has played every single song in my folders with any recognized errors... It does perfectly what I wanted and got it for -- as an standalone @ "MP3 and Multimedia Player"... The @ Audio and Sound quality and clarity., especially when playing music., is on par or better than almost every traditional multimedia MP3 Player I've used...{{{Pictures, Background, Picture Response Time, and Picture Quality}}} The @ "Picture Quality" is fantastic and equal when comparing side-by-side to my (LG Spectrum 2) and my mother's (Samsung Galaxy S-III)... Every picture is clear, vibrant, and detailed... The @ "Response Time" when using the @ "Camera Mode" and "Taking Pictures" is instant and lightning fast -- equal if not faster at times than my LG Spectrum 2 and mother's Samsung Galaxy S-III... Before I can even finish clicking the button and take my finger off -- the photo is already saved and ready to be viewed to the internal HD or external Micro-SD Card without delay... Also when viewing your personal-Photos and PC-wallpapers in @ "Browser Mode"., the @ "Operation Response Times" such as @ "Scrolling(Up and Down)" and "Pushing(Forwards and Backwards)" to view photos -- is instantaneous without delay and lightening fast also... Actually, it's a lot faster taking pictures in @ "Camera Mode" and viewing them in "Browser Mode" than my newer LG Spectrum 2 and mother's Samsung Galaxy S-III... I have never had with this Motorola Droid X, as of yet, any @ "busy load delays" when loading folders and viewing pictures and operating picture editor-options etc., as I have on my LG Spectrum 2... Every picture is ready instantaneous to be viewed one right after the other... I was pleasantly surprised with this!!! I have a personalized folder with @ 1,000 PC-wallpapers in them, and I can scroll through the entire folder viewing everything in 1 minute give or take without load-delays or system-problems or play-errors... WOW!!! Also, one of the biggest factors in me transforming from traditional mobile multimedia @ MP3 Players to mobile multimedia @ Smartphones as Standalone MP3 Player., is because for the fact that all @ Smartphones not only allows you to upload your own pictures -- but set them as the @ "Device Background Wallpaper" which only a few select traditional MP3 Players allow you to do., and if the Seller or Company doesn't list that fact of capability in their description -- you really have to go out on a whim when buying an MP3 player and hope it allows you the capability to "Set Photo as Background" and let alone have good visual clarity/quality in the process... With these @ Smartphones; I know they all do in allowing that "Photo as Background" option -- so this is yet perhaps for me thee biggest reason as too why I decided to break away from traditional MP3 Players for Smartphone w/ MP3-Music Players!!!{{{Camera and Video Quality, Type Format, and Response Time}}} The @ "Camera and Video Quality" is great and lighting quick... Before I can even finish positioning my hand to different angles etc., the Camera and Video already recognizes where I am going and gets there first ready to start viewing... The @ "Video Quality Format Type" taken and played is HD-720p., and the @ "Photo Quality Format Type" taken and viewed is up to HD-8MB... Every Video and Picture taken -- especially in my apartment which is poor lighting., has been virtually crystal clear without any @ "Gaussian Blur (Distorting Pixelaration, Yellow Grain, White Grain etc)"., which always seems to occur with both traditional MP3 Players and traditional Digital Cameras... The Camera-mode and Video-mode and Editor options are easy to use and operate... Another reason moving from traditional MP3 Players, is the fact that these Smartphones like this Android X by Motorola have Digital Cameras and Video Camcorders -- so I don't have to lug around extra baggage of a Camera, Camcorder, and Music Player and have everything ready in one package on the go; plus the HD-quality of the Videos and Pictures on of this Motorola Android X is far better than most standalone traditional MP3 Players and Digital Cameras that I have owned and used from $100 and under... I don't use Cameras and Camcorders much; but having them in case I want or need to -- as such when camping, nature hiking, intimate relations, etc-etc-etc., is nice and easing... I don't use my Smartphones for any video/movie watching; but just having the option too is also nice to have for when if I want or decide too...{{{Features}}} This Motorola Droid X Smartphone has tons of programs/features and options -- virtually everything is standard according to mandatory @ "Android Operating System" requirements., and that you'll find on newer generations of technology smartphones such my (LG Spectrum 2) or my mother's (Samsung Galaxy S-III)... When comparing this Motorola Droid X vs. my LG Spectrum 2 or my mother's Samsung Galaxy S-III; actually there is very little that this Motorola Droid X doesn't have with regards to options and programs/features that newer generations of smartphones don't have... Among the only things lacking that I can find versus say new generation smartphones such as my LG Spectrum 2 for example -- is the lack of any fancy colorful stylish @ "System Themes and Icons" for the Android O.S and is bare/dull system theme of @ "Grey w/ on White"... This fact is a bummer; but one of which can easily be rectified with freeware apps in "Google App Play Store" for changing themes such as the @ "Go Launcher EX" etc... Outside the obvious @ Motorola Android System "Theme" and "Icons" difference., and also the "Chipset-hardware" technology used in the device may no longer be currently produced on the market -- but everything else is still current with regards to the familiar Android O.S system structure, Aero appearance, and its apps and widgets etc., which is unchanged in newer smartphones e.x. phone, contacts, messages, internet, google search, google play, youtube, facebook etc-etc-etc., all that stuff... How you operate the system with its controls and also from the main-screen desktop is unchanged e.x. press and hold down on the screen and pops-up menu for wallpapers, widgets, apps, settings etc-etc-etc... This Motorola Android X, was released in 2010 and only 4 years old, so its still fairly current technology -- and considered obsolete after around 10-12 years... The physical features itself of the Phone includes an @ "Mini HDMI to Full HDMI TV/Monitor Port or Mini HDMI TV/Monitor Port" and an Red-button for instant @ "Camera/Camcorder"... It also has your usual controls such as backwards and forwards., options/settings., homescreen (return)., and also the power/dim-screen button...{{{Loading Files}}} The great things I like about these Smartphones, is that they like are majority of traditional @ MP3 Player and don't really need software... Simply connect the phone to Windows, and Windows automatically installs the driver itself, and you're ready to go... One only needs real software for @ Firmware Upgrades and Cloud Data Backup... Once into Windows from the desktop after Windows installing the driver; simply @ "Drag and Drop" your files into either the internal Hard-drive or external Micro-SD Card drive and you're good to go., and simply go into your particular system app for @ music, photos, videos, etc-etc-etc., to find and use them... Simple!!!{{{Battery Charge Time}}} Man, this thing is lightning fast... This the fastest Device with the quickest charging time ever... The phone literally recharges from an @ "dead(drained) battery" to full capacity use in literally only about @ 30 minutes if that -- actually had it fully recharged in about 20 minutes several occasions... I am really happy with this, since I don't have to wait the usual @ "4-8 hours Recharge Time" as with almost all other @ Smartphones and standalone MP3 Players., as too enjoy my music again etc...{{{Hours of operation}}} It's been a long time since I had a Device that could last more than the usual @ "6-8 Hours (Continuous Playback, 2-4 Hours with Intermittent Operations)"... On estimate, this Motorola Droid X gets roughly about @ "14-20 [give or take] Hours of Continuous Playback" for @ Audio., and roughly about half of that [give or take] of about @ "8 Hours Audio Playback w/ Intermittent Operations"... This is amazing!, and literally without 'intermittent operations of the Droid_X's features e.g. changing songs, volume levels, turning screen on and off, etc., constantly' can last almost the entire period of the 24 hour day on Audio... Sure this will change once the Battery is used(charged and uncharged) over time and the Battery begins to die(not hold a charge, or a hold limited charge) and need to be replaced... But even with my perplexity for "Intermittent Operations" of changing songs constantly, flipping through folders, changing volume levels, screen on and screen off etc-etc-etc., every few minutes or seconds -- I still get about @ "8 Hours" of Audio playback versus about 2-4 Hours of standalone MP3 Players and most other Smartphones... I am very pleased with this!, and when not connected to my Apt Wall AC-outlet for "Continuous Power Charge" and my Dell 100Watt 5.1 Dolby Surround Hometheater Speakers for "My Home Stereo System"., whether "14-20 Hours of Continuous Playback" or "8 Hours Intermittent Operation Playback" is good enough to get me through the day when not @ Home and plugged into the Wall when using... This Motorola Droid X has the greatest "hours of operation" for audio that I have actually ever seen -- both on other Smartphones and standalone MP3 Players...Overall!? I really love this Android X by Motorola!!! Perhaps, one of the greatest coolest and cutest things I like about it and will always remember about it -- is the @ "Android Robotic Sound Schemes" that you don't get with newer Android-based Smartphones... I just can't get over that robotic "Droid" when the system boots or shuts-down etc., or someone calls in or have a message etc... Back in 2010, when this was released, my first 2 year contract was up with Verizon with my first free upgrade from the @ Motorola W755 (flip phone)., and I decided to go with the @ (Blackberry Curve 9330 3G) of which I upgraded to my LG Spectrum 2 from., and regret not going with this phone instead for the Blackberry... Now, I own one, and very satisfied with it!!! I purchased mine used(previously owned) from @ [BluTekUSA] and listed in the description -- it said that it "may come with blemishes, scratches, normal use wear-and-tear etc"... But after getting it; opening up the package; and inspecting it -- the phone was virtually as it was brand-new and pristine condition... I was shocked -- not a smudge or scratch on it!!! I would order this phone again used or new., if something were to happen to it...  Works flawlessly!!! Looks even more beautiful and amazing!!! Feels good in my Hand!!! The only real worries I had when purchasing this; was since I am not activating this on my Verizon account with service -- how I would install applications etc., and also how well it would play music... #1) after reading online; I discovered the way manually to download, transfer onto device, and install @ (.apk/.exe) runtime files via a program called @ "Astro File" also others as "Android File Manager", "ES File Manager", etc., all work good also... So I don't need @ Internet Service and Google Play App Store directly -- which is nice and comforting, albeit more work than clicking a simple install link to the file... #2) I was worried about how well these Smartphones in general., and especially this Android X in question., would not only just play my music -- but be able to properly @ chronologically and-or alphabetically arrange my files in my personalized folders without ruining the artist-song titles and throwing everything shuffled out of alphabetical order all over the place throughout the folders... When I got this phone and put in my 32gb Micro-SD Card loaded music, and went to search for and play my music with the Motorola Droid X's built-in @ Music Player App -- my worst fears were confirmed as this Phone's system would not recognize the Song-track Artist and Title and Alphabetical-listing properly as I loaded everything onto the Player., albeit would recognize my personalized folders., and completely destroyed/edited my @ Song's Artist and Title with gibberish and randomly scatter my songs out of listing throughout the folder at various points like a mangled car-wreck disaster at 120mph., and but everything would be normal upon connecting device to PC and entering Windows O.S Desktop again... #3) in response to #2... I went searching online for an alternative @ "Music/Video Player App", and after searching for hours and downloading 8 different Music/Video-Player app -- I finally came upon one program that is the best in my opinion and experience -- called @ ("Folder Player")., and which handles my folders with songs in artist/track-titles flawlessly as they're loaded from the computer as I want them in alphabetical order with needed features such as 'in player option' of @ delete etc., and a real nice professional stylish "Black and White" interface and widget-face to match the Motorola Android X's color "Grey and White" scheme... Since installing this ("Folder Player") app; I have been using this Motorola Android X constantly for hours every day and am in heaven and cannot seem to put it down, lol... I need my music -- it is my life and soul and existence and sanity :)... The Phone itself, plays my music superbly without any play-errors or audio-distortions... With @ ("Folder Player") installed, this has become an excellent alternative to standalone traditional multimedia MP3 Players and even Digital Camcorders and Cameras -- and far superior to any traditional @ MP3 Player on the market with mass so much extra options to use and in quality also especially... I am very satisfied with this product and my order and highly recommend to others to get one -- if not as an activated serviced @ Smartphone, than as an standalone @ "Smart Multimedia Music/Video/Picture Player" by itself alone as an alternative to standard usual 'same-o, same-o' MP3 Players., use the programs like @ "ES File Manager" etc., to manually install all the apps you want onto the device!!!I give it @ 5-Stars!Pro's)+ Excellent Physical Design+ Excellent Physical Quality+ Excellent General Operation Response Time+ Excellent Feel in Hands+ Excellent Picture Quality and Taking/Viewing-mode Response Times+ Excellent Video Quality and Taking/Viewing-mode Response Times+ Excellent Audio and Sound Quality+ Excellent Screen Size+ Excellent Battery Life (Hours of Operation)+ Excellent Charging Times+ Excellent Features+ Excellent Price$Con's)- N/A- Although, Couldn't handle my music folders of songs w/ artist and title listings and alphabetical ordering by itself alone without installing an third-party application as it should've done...

The droid x's biggest issue is that it is not the iphone. With an iphone I literally could not take it out of my hand - taking a shower and having to put my phone away for fifteen minutes caused physical and emotional pain. My hygiene may have suffered (along with holding extended conversations, making eye contact, schoolwork, etc), but my happiness was WAY up. With the droid x that addictive quality is gone. I  hardly even answer my calls, and now it's not because I'm too busy playing nyan cat to answer, but because my phone is no where near me! Yes there are some cool features, yes my wallpaper moves, yes the screen is bigger, but it just doesn't have that magical, Iphone quality. It doesn't even have a front camera! How can I check my teeth to see if there's something in them while discreetly pretending that i'm just texting with my mouth open?Overall: good phone, but not a mind-blowing-I-will-faint-if-I-lose-it kind of phone.

This is my first smart phone . I was very excited about it.But when I see its too many problems ,totally disappointed .Screen freezes ,battery loses its charge in few minutes.some times call is not going through, waiting waiting  and waiting ,then put it back in my pocket, after a while call starts to go...I really hate this situation....Guys I suggests don't buy this phone....

Best phone I have ever owned.  Easy to use also responds very quickly when browsing. I would recommend this phone to everyone.

I really needed a phone battery life isnt good but a phone is a phone. It took too long after i order it to come
