
Background:Owner of original Droid on VZW since 12/09. Purchased the Bolt on 3/17/11. Heavier than normal use since Bolt was purchase. I consider myself fairly technical, can write some simple software, etc. Noticed some issues missing from the other reviews, so I'll share my experience.Conclusion:Will most likely be returning the phone before the two week return period ends.Summary:Fastest phone I've used and is the closest to matching the touch-responsiveness of an iPhone. For me, there are too many bugs, too many features locked-down and I expect (hope) for some better device choices in the near future.PROS(i)  I get ~30mb/upstream connection on 4G (as measured by the Ookla speed test app) compared to ~0.5mb/upstream with Time Warner Cable Internet in NYC. Downstream data is great too. [UPDATED BELOW](ii)  The phone has fast processors. The only thing it choked on was Angry Birds, but the old Droid had trouble with that one too.(iii) The kickstand has actually been far more useful than I had imagined.CONS(i)  Internal Memory Size. The claim is 8GB's of internal memory, but the phone actually only makes ~2.5GB available to the user.(ii)  Bloatware. There are about a dozen apps installed to the phone that cannot be removed (resulting in the point above). In addition, a number of these apps start automatically, so your phone has fewer resources available to run apps that you actually want. I was told by Verizon that removing them will void your phone warranty. If you want total control over your device, then this is not the phone for you.(iii) Video recording. The microphone barely picks up any noise. Perhaps a software update will fix this, but any videos you record will be very difficult to listen to.(iv)  Battery. You've heard about this; lasts less than one day. If I was going to keep the phone, an extended battery would be a must. As phones become more useful, it makes sense that your frequency of use will increase as well; this makes a good battery that much more important.(v)  Front Camera. There is no native software (yet) to make use of the front facing camera. You'll have to download an application from the Android Market if you plan on having a video chat. Hopefully Google adds this to their Google Talk app at some point.(vi)  HTC Sense UI. The Sense customizations that HTC puts on all their phones is a new pet peeve of mine. I feel like my Motorola Droid was much more customizable. In particular, there is a shortcut on the bottom right of the screen to your personalization menu at all times. I can't imagine why anyone would need constant access to this, but you can't change it. There are plenty of other things I don't like about Sense (contact management, SMS, etc.), but this is more about personal preference.NOTECan't comment on hotspot or DLNA streaming, as I haven't used them yet.--------------------------UPDATE 4/8/11Just a couple of points to add:* Hotspot worked well, but I discovered that the Speedtest app (noted above) was misreporting the upstream data speeds. On my laptop, connected to the internet via Thunderbolt's hotspot, speedtest.net reported that upsteam data speeds were closer to ~4mb/second (much more believable).* In the end, I decided to return the phone. Lack of camera sound recording & terrible battery life (both seemingly hardware related) were the two most significant factors that led me to this decision. I don't see either of them getting fixed with either a software update or by rooting the phone, so I'll just need to wait for a better option (maybe a Nexus S LtE?).

First phone - Had headphone jack issues with crackling and cutting out music. Took it back to Verizon and got a replacement, new one works fine.Now onto the phone that works. 4G is very fast, phone works and looks great. OEM Battery life sucks and frankly I'm surprised this ever made it out of the labs at HTC.Otherwise no issues.

This phone is responsive and elegant. The 4.3 display far outshines a smaller screen. Regardless of resolution. Save your eyes the trouble. I read books on it, listen to music, stream video... In other words it's great. I wish there was netflix support. This is to do with the darn DRM. If the snapdragon in the thunderbolt is covered by the DRM then we may be seeing netflix. I hope so. The battery life... well you have to tinker with it. I have to admit I had days were it died in 4 hours. But yesterday I got 15 hours out of a single charge, with average use. There are tons of guides to improving battery life online, find and read them. Also we are expecting the 2.3 gingerbread update this spring! This will help with battery management also. Plus, with the thunderbolt you have the option of purchasing another battery. One can't swap out the battery on a iphone. I personally find it handy to have a spare in my wallet. The 4G is great! Though if you aren't using it, I'd suggest turning it off with the app LTE onOFF. If works and will save you the battery heartache! Hey cheers fellow thunderbolt owner's! We are the king's of the coup for about...  eh two weeks. :D but I am okay with it. You can settle for something or else you'll never get anything. I am happy I settled for the thunderbolt.

I switched from a BlackBerry World Edition to this Android phone.  I cannot really comment on how fast it might be compared to the previous generations of Android phones, and think I may very well have just as happy with one of those.  But I don't upgrade often and decided to splurge.  Since I have no comparison to 3G I cannot really comment on the advantages of 4G.  I can say that the browsing is comparable (slightly slower) to my home FIOS connection.I have no regrets with this purchase.  I had previously commented that my BB was the best phone I had ever had.  It did everything I wanted it to do and did it well, when I got it.  I have to say this phone takes it to the next level.  It does everything the BB did and more.  I have only begun to explore the Apps and options.  But the internet access is a night and day difference.  It is VERY popular with my kids for the games.Aside from some interface learning curve type things I have had no issues making the phone do everything I need.  My primary concern is use with my business and it has performed well.  I was comfortable using it in a day.Prior to purchase I had concerns from research about syncing the phone with Outlook on a single computer (no exchange server) for my business.  I had downloaded and installed the Google calender sync before purchase to see if it worked.  It had no problems so I went ahead with purchase.  So far the syncing has been seamless and easy and has worked great.  Arguably easier then the corded or bluetooth manual syncing that I did with the BB.  I also found that the calendar sync also synced my contacts (a fairly simple list,) so my contacts were there and ready with no extra work (aside from some minor adjustments.)The touch screen typing (another concern I had going in) is very good.  It is no harder to type on this phone than the keyed BB, honestly it may be easier.  The automatic word correction thing is pretty good, but does frequently change an unusual word incorrectly if you are not watching.  The speech to text feature has worked great on the few trials I have done, I can see learning to use it much more.The only downside I have found, which is much talked about online, is battery life.  I have to say that several friends have other brands of android phones and report the same issues.  The phone does definitely burn through the battery.  Knowing this I automatically plug it in every time I can - desk, car, whatever.  I am not positive that it would make it through a day without this, and I would not consider myself a heavy user.  I understand that all the features available are going to use power greedily.  I have ordered a set of back up batteries with a wall charger to maintain spares (an imperfect solution since changing the battery with the case I have it in is a pain.)  This is the reason for only 4 stars.  While I completely understand the problem and it's causes, I can see the situation where this makes the phone unuseable.  It would be nice if they made power management more user friendly.  I could see the emergency situation happening where you run out of battery, when you need it because crap is running that you cannot turn off.  Which leads into the other widely reviewed complaint of bloatware pre loaded  onto the phone.  There is a boatload of it.  Terrible idea.  Most of it is inane and stupid (Blockbuster? REALLY??? they are bankrupt~!!)  (Let's golf????)  I don't have huge issue with them putting this stuff on there, I understand they have contracts.  BUT LET IT BE REMOVED!!!  I cannot say I have noticed too much of it running in the background, but then it is often tough to tell exactly what is running.  I would be curious to know if such bloatware come on other Verizon Android phones.  Given the battery life issues that go with the power and display of these devices, they should be very concerned about helping to maximize battery life.  I would have to say they do not seem to care.Overall, though this is a great phone and I am very happy with my choice.

When it comes to technology, I know just enough to mess things up.  So this is a review for people who just want a simple, non-technical review.  I love the androids because I can always do things on my phone that my kids' iPhones can't.  Like free Google maps vocal directions or the Swype keyboard for example.  I had the Droid, then the Droid X, and now I have a Thunderbolt because I thought 4G was the next great thing.  However, the "speed" is mostly felt when you are downloading information. Honestly, I can't tell any difference from my Droid X. And even with all that speed, Netflix still pauses periodically during my shows to "buffer."If you use your phone as a phone (Really? People still do that?) or just want to browse or play simple games, you won't feel much difference in speed from some of the 3G phones such as the Droid X. But you will in the pocketbook. The hot spot for the 4G is $10/month more.  Also, since I live in a Chicago high rise, I need an extender to prevent dropped calls. But with a 4G phone, my old extender (old = 18 months!) won't work, so now I have a land-line plus the Thunderbolt. Oh and you better buy an extra battery with a battery charger because you can easily go through two batteries during the work-day.The good - the screen is probably the biggest that's available right now and it comes with a front-facing option for the camera.  So, if you need a new phone anyway, the Thunderbolt is great, but if you already have a pretty good 3G android, my suggestion is don't bother.

Great phone and nice features.  It is not as big and heavy as many people claim to be.  The battery is not that bad.  I have had the phone for a couple of days and I usually have to put in on the charger for an hour around mid day due to the fact that I cannot put this phone down.  I switched over from a blackberry.  Android is so much better.  Phone is super fast even when you are in a 3G area.  I debated between the Thunderbolt or the iphone.  So much more options than the iphone and the Thunderbolts speed blows the iphone away.

Some People love this phone and some hate it. I think the hate comes from to high of expectations expected out of an almost year old phone. This is the very first Verizon 4G phone and it's ahead of it's time, in fact I think it's better than many phones on the market currently. Some experienced rebooting issues (software related) and the battery life isn't the greatest (First 4G LTE Phone what do you expect?) Some complained it's laggy (mine runs smooth, you must have everything turned on)PROS1.)It has a 4.3 inch screen while the new iPhone still rocks the screen you have to squint at.2.) HTC make and extended battery and the battery last a long long time, I love it.3.) Responsive Screen and 768MB Internal ram (not bad for a year old phone) and comes with 32G SD card.4.) Well built and has some weight to it, doesn't feel cheap like alot of phones.5.) Awesome 8MP camera and 720 HD Video recorder, sure it's not latest tech, but it's plenty good enough.6.) Kickstand comes in handy while watching Youtube videos7.) The extended battery is great and if you get a case around it's not as massive as you'd think, it's a little heavy, but fits in my pocket. I think it's quite fine. The phone is all screen basically and not to much edge so this helps, great design all and all.

I received my phone yesterday and have spent an hour trying to contact Amazon Wireless and Verizon Wireless the first night. Amazon Wireless wasn't even open to take any calls, so I called Verizon. Verizon informed me Amazon Wireless did not properly activate my phone and was having issues activating this for me. They instructed me to call Amazon Wireless the next business day and have them "push" my contract to a 2 year extension since it was not done properly. I called Amazon Wireless and was giving another number to call (ended up being Verizon). I sit here on the phone with Verizon the next morning, 37 minutes later and now being transferred to tech support. This is really unfortunate, because I thought Amazon would have made this seamless, but it hasn't been and not worth the $70 saving at all. Very upset.

Phone had some reboot problems with ota update. From the factory, the bolt wasn't ready for prime time. But when rooted with the right rom, the bolt is amazing!! ;)  I had over half a dozen android phones, battery isn't a big deal to me, as with all android phones, it last ya the work day with moderate use. Yes, with 4g on, it sucks battery like a mug!!! Best phone I've have so far, again dual core is in the future for me, I love my smart phones! :-)

My choice came down to the Thunderbolt and the iphone 4.  And, after a couple of weeks of research leading up to this momentous decision, which would change my life (not quite, but don't we all make our phones part of who we are?), I decided to go to best buy, use their free 30 day trial, and take the thunderbolt out for a spin.  Plus I know I would have been cool with the iphone if the TB didnt do it for me:Cons:*The only thing that I have issues with is the battery.  I have barely used it today (my first day back to work after a week long spring break) and after seven hours of the charger it is down to about 35%.  Once again, with about a total of 30 minutes use.  But, I was aware of the battery issues when I bought it.*No skype yet, but the app said it is coming.*If you take a lot of photos of your self, its nearly impossible.  There is no analog button to use to take a shot, just a button on the screen.  Makes it very hard to shoot photosPros:*My city is not in the 4g LTE area yet, but I got to experience Verizon 4G in a neighboring town, and to say its fast is an understatement.  It is faster than my cable modem through ethernet.  3G is quick, 4G is insane.  A 5 minute youtube video began in 3 seconds with zero buffering for its entirety.*One concern I had and a reason why I originally was leaning to the iphone was my 4000 songs on itunes (I have a Macbook Pro)  and the prospect of not being able to use them on a droid.  After some digging in online forums, I found double twist, which converted all but 6 songs into Droid capable mp3's.  It took me a few attempts to sync, but when it worked, I had about 1500 songs on my phone, sorted by my existing playlists.  (Double twist looks just like itunes in set-up and syncs exactly the same).*Droid App Market- Most everything I need has been free, including Google Nav (which is as good as any standalone Nav system I have been witnessed too)*I realize that the TB only has "one" processor. Its not dual core.  But I have no idea how much faster the OS can get even with two processors.  It runs multiple Apps smoothly (Angry birds and pandora radio is a mad combo), switches screens almost immediately, and will make you breakfast to boot (Okay, not quite).*Another small thing, You can make any song in your digital library a ringtone (I finally got the Black Keys' "I Got Mine")*Talking and internet at the same time.  Never thought this was a big deal until I had it.*Finally, everything on the phone that I have found is speech driven.  Talk to text, navigation, websites, etc.  You say it and the TB does it.  Extremely convenient when on the road.*Hope this helps, but the Thunderbolt is basically a well polished mini laptop that you can make calls on!

This is not my first "Smart" phone however I will say that thusfar it is the best. It is lightning fast and is truly like a small computer. I've had phones that I wanted to whip against the wall I was so frustrated with them - thusfar this one does not fit into that category.

I'm one of the former iPhone users who got fed up with both AT&T;'s reception and the iPhone restrictions. After researching the market, I decided to wait for the Thunderbolt to come out, and purchased it on the first day available - March 17.The things I love about the phone:- Large display, much larger than the iPhone's- Very sensitive touch screen- Double menus - one at the bottom of the phone that's always there (but not as buttons), and the other on the screen. It's really nice to not be reliant on one button- The 'back' button- De-duping of contacts, including integration with my Facebook contacts- Favorite contacts can be traced throughout the phone, so I can see emails from favorites- The phone software itself is very fast, especially compared to the iPhone 3G- Map navigation is excellent (don't use Verizon Navigator, just use the regular navigator)- 4G is wicked fast!Other things I appreciate are the camera and video functionalities, the ease of customizing screens, the way the weather updates on the home screen as you drive/walk, quick downloading of new apps directly onto the phone, the storage (40G!), the excellent call quality (it's loud and clear), and (surprisingly) the kick stand. The kick stand is a little flimsy - my guess is that it will be the first thing to snap off, but I've used it several times already to watch very important videos (Denver the Guilty Dog, for example). I also enjoy the typing, though I'm used to touch typing from the iPhone, the slight vibration that you feel when you type is helpful. The 'suggestions' I typically ignore, unless I'm typing something that's not a real word, in which case I force it to 'learn' the new word.Things I'm not so happy about but that I hope will be fixed shortly:- Contacts couldn't be ported over at the Verizon store because there was a 'bug' in the software- Uploading several photos to Facebook took 2 hours for some unknown reason- I can't open a favorite contact from the 'favorites' screen, which is something I took for granted on the iPhone --- think about it - if you call someone and they're not there, what do you do immediately? Try to call them on their other phone, or email them, or chat them. To do that on the 'Bolt, you have to navigate to contacts and then scroll through to find your favorite and click on the action that you want. I could 'game' the system by creating duplicate contacts for my favorites and adding those actions to the fave screen, but doesn't that defeat the purpose?- As another review noted, there's some weirdness with the phone plugged in for charging sometimes, which is an issue as you'll see belowFinally, the things that almost make me ALMOST regret buying the phone:- BATTERY LIFE- Battery Life- bATTERY lIFEI tend to believe the rumors that the reason the launch of this phone was so delayed was the battery life. You have a fantastic phone that does all of these cool things, but then when you do them all, you have to plug the phone in to charge it.Case in point: Left work with a fully charged phone at 5:45 PM. Throughout the course of the evening, I undertook the following activities. Texted/gchatted a few times, made one short phone call. A calendar alert went off (ding!). Looked up a restaurant on Google Maps (but did not use turn by turn navigation). Checked my gmail, work mail. Took ~7 pictures with the very bright Flash. Uploaded one picture to FB. Looked through all 65 of the pictures I have taken on the phone thus far (~10 min). Played Angry Birds for 10 minutes. Talked about how much I loved the phone because I could do all of these things on the go! Checked email a few more times, sent one or two emails. Went to bed around 11:30 PM. Sometime over the course of the night, the battery gave out and I was left with a dead phone. Thank goodness my boyfriend uses a traditional alarm clock or I wouldn't have made it to work this morning on time!I think the camera/flash were responsible for a lot of the battery drain, which is something I'll keep in mind in the future.. and bring a separate camera with me to fun events (thus kind of defeating the purpose of having a decently ok camera in the phone).Bottom line, you need to have a charger on you at all times. I'm going to get another wall charger so I can always have one at work, one at home. I have the car charger.Even with all that, I still love the phone. I'll do some 'battery optimizations' like turning off the live wallpapers and some other sounds/vibrations and alerts, and restricting the use of the flash, and hopefully there will be some software updates to help with the battery life. I am still glad I have the phone - and you probably will be too if you get it.

I got this right when it was released so have been using for a while.  It has been nothing but pain.  Let me count the ways:1) Battery life is horrible2) SMS sends to the wrong people (about 1 in 20 times) .... this is a complete DEAL KILLER.  Can you imagine?  Sending texts to the wrong people??  Read the reviews, this isn't an isolated incident with my phone, it is endemic to this phone.  If you are okay with sending personal texts to random contacts then maybe this isn't a deal killer for you, but for me it is.3) Bunch of features, not integrated well.  Could be just the way Android is.  Very disconnected.4) switching between 4G and 3G and wireless ... occurs quite a bit, and at many times is very slow (30 seconds)5) volume issues6) restarts often, and restarts take a loong time7) Browser is horrible8) and on and onThe Good:1) 4G is blazing fast.This phone never should have been released.  HTC is crap.  Low-end piece of junk.  I didn't know that when I got it, I thought it was a premium phone.  Luckily my iPhone 4s delivers Monday so I can finally get rid of this.  I don't even feel like selling it to somebody else even though it is worth some money because I know they will be pissed off too.

I have the Thunderbolt, and 3 members of my family have iPhones.  I am the most technilogically savvy, so it is good that I have the most difficult phone.The Thunderbolt has a few features that the iPhone does not have:  GPS (not as good as a stand alone GPS, but useful at times), WiFi Hot Spot (usefully, but there is a cost to using it.  Also, you should use your computer's battery to power the phone).  Perhaps there may be an advantage to 4G.The downside is the poor battery life.  I will turn off the GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi, features to extend battery life.  I have loaded Juice Defender, which may or may not be helping.  Some days the phone will last until bed time.  Yesterday it drained down to nothing within 4 hours of taking it off the charger.The iPhones can last well more than a day.  The batteries are probably similar in the different devices.  Apple is using better power managemenet strategies.

I ordered this phone through Amazon since it was $70.00 less than the upgrade price on Verizon.  Thought I could wait until 6-30 or 6-31 for delivery due to the savings.  It is actually to be delivered TOMORROW (6-21).  Amazing Amazon service.  Will write a review on the actual phone once I have the opportunity to play with it awhile.  (I ordered the phone on the first day it was available on the Verizon website, believe 3-16).  Way quicker turnaround on the backorder than I expected.(Rated 5 stars for the Amazon service, not too sure on the phone as yet.)

I have had this phone for about 3 days now. before I bought it I read reviews of how the battery life was terrible, however a friend of mine has one of these and put the extended battery on it and his will last for days without recharging. So I have done the same, on purchase I bought the extended life battery and I have yet to charge it after the one time I have since I got the phone which was three days ago. It is running on the 4G network and so far..it's only down to 73% battery life. Though to be perfectly honest, I don't text a crap load like most people nor do I play games or add a bunch of apps. I use this phone as it's needed, when not in use I push the button at the top and put it in sleep mode. It all depends on how much your going to use this phone and what it's going to be used for. As long as you just use it to text some during the day and for calls...I am sure it can last you about 2 days or more on battery power if you have the extended life battery on it. The only con with the bigger battery is it is bulky, however that doesn't bother me. I am sure you can make the normal battery last if you had to, but for those who are constantly doing other things like on facebook, youtube, skype, etc etc..probably will have battery issues as you will with any phone if you use it for hours at a time. So basically stating, I advise getting the extended battery life for the phone if your worried about power issues and this is still a great phone.On the topic of quality of calls. I definately have heard better quality on other phones, but this phone isn't that bad. It's just decent. You can hear and understand them and they can hear and understand you. It's really not that quiet, not as loud as other phones and yes there isn't an option to turn it much louder if you wanted, but honestly I can hear everyone just fine even when my kids are running around me going nuts.Sound quality for music and sound files are ok. Your phone isn't going to bounce up and down to the boom sounds of bass coming from it's speaker. If you plug in headphones the music sounds just fine and in perfect quality..however like I said up above, if you use your phone for downloading music and listening to music you will probably have battery issues as you will with "any" smart phone.Camera quality is really good when you use the back camera. My pictures and videos come out crystal clear. The front camera as stated in the phones spec isn't as great as the front however it is still decent. You can use it to take self portraits or skype for video calls, there again though I stress thats hard on your battery ;). You can also use the phones flash lights as a flashlight as you can with most HTC phones. has the settings of brightness and the brightest is pretty bright.My personal thoughts about this phone is it's a great phone, it is fast and easy to use and if your worried about 4G taking up alot of battery power you can use 3G if your going through a day where your using your phone for entertainment purposes such as traveling or bored at work. The one thing I don't like about it which really doesn't have to do with the phone at all, but it's with all the bloatwear Verizon loads onto it. There is just a bunch of preloaded apps on it that I will never use and cannot take off.So with this being the end of my review I give the Thunderbolt 4 stars. It is indeed a awsome phone, but yes I agree with some it could use a few tweeks with sound quality and it shouldn't have to come with so much useless apps which is Verizons fault anyway. I only reccomend that if you go with this phone, get yourself the extended life battery and you'll have yourself a pretty cool phone. Thanks for reading :)

Switching over as a long time iphone user, i have no idea how horrible the other side is in term of battery life, especially the thunderbolt. It was a "are they for real?" moment. A FULL charge is gone after 3 hours of normal intermittent web browsing, and with 4G off, it only lasts 5-6 hours, not enough for even a 8hr work day. It became a constant worry to charge/check my phone's battery throughout the day to make sure it's still alive so i can receive calls, where as the iphone easily lasts a whole day of heavy web use without any concern. A phone should not add this much annoyance to your daily life.The 4g speed, big screen, features etc.. are all great. Except the thunderbolt should NEVER be released in its current state. The $50 extended battery pack should be designed into the phone for free, not as a crude bulky addon the customers are forced to buy.The thunderbolt as it stands now on its own is unusable, only with the bulky battery pack does it becomes tolerable. I will be returning this and waiting for the samsung droid charge that's coming out this week. If the battery life is equally bad, i will just go back to my iphone and wait until apple implements lte 4g in the future.The verizon LTE 4G is light years ahead of the competition, unfortunately the only phone that supports it - the thunderbolt, is sad joke as its network flagship.

This is a cursory review to get started.  I bought this phone on an impulse and am very happy.  I have been struggling with an HTC EVO I purchased which is a great phone, but the data was never ever consistent.The first thing I can say about the Thunderbolt is that it has, in Las Vegas, consistent 4G.  I have yet to drop to 3G since I have gotten the phone and considering the almost complete opposite was true for the WiMAX EVO I am impressed.So far my speeds on the phone have tested at 5-7Mbps down and 20-30Mbps up with pings of 110 or under.  More impressively is that when I enabled tethering, I get 3-6Mbps down and 2-5Mbps up on the XOOM with a ping of 150 and under.  With the EVO I was getting at or below 1Mbps both ways and pings of 150-250.  I will be doing a scan later to look for noiseless channels to see if I can clean up the signal and performance of tethering.A speedtest just now, at 03/18/11 12:16AM PST from Las Vegas to the FCC approved server in Los Angeles, gave me a download of 15.13Mbps, 22.03Mbps upload and 85ms ping.  As more differences become apparent to me I will create a video.

Here is a list of annoyances I had whether they are Thunderbolt or Android related:Link matched suggestions keep appearing even though I already accepted themEntering contacts you must select exchange server or the contact will not show up, and you can not edit it after it has been saved.Long addresses in contacts can't be viewed.  The text lines don't wrap.  The only way I could get someones zipcode was to view there address on a map.Reboot during navigationRandom reboots when forced to 3gExchange server Sync errorsSlow 4G connection with 2 bars (much slower than 3g)You can't searching contacts by company name on contacts app.Can't always hear it ringNotifications light does not work all the timePressing on notification does not always switch to the app.Apps run that don't need to be running.Weather widget stopped updating on home screen.Had the phone 5 months and switched to an iPhone.  Slower but much happier.

I am returning the Thunderbolt phone my husband purchased for Mother's Day.  It is the most aggravating electronic device I have every used and last night the stress of dealing with the umpteenth problem with it triggered a health condition in my husband.  I expect a full refund based upon this phone completely failing for the following reasons and more.1)Day 1, couldn't get phone to activate since the Verizon store employee expert activated the sim card to initiate the plan then deactivated it so my old phone would continue working until my family gave the Thunderdolt to me for the holiday. (When you de-activate, you can't re-activate a sim card.)1a)The sim card slide out slot is a flimsy metal piece barely connected to the phone.  I think a strong breeze would snap it loose.2)Day 2, it took 35 min on phone to learn why we couldn't activate the phone then ended up driving to the store to get a new sim card.  (1 hour additional customer time)3) Day 2, after activating the phone and learning contacts were missing spent 40 minutes on the phone with Verizon and was told it had been bumped up 2 levels to a "higher priority"  When  I called the number for the "higher priority tech expert" he said I would be getting  a phone call in 2-3 days, but that I could go on-line (I wasn't home to do so) and set up separate accounts to possibly get around the problem ( additional 20 min phone call).4) Day 2, learned no calendar information had transferred.5)Day 2, learned no groups had transferred forward6)Day 2, learned no notes had transferred forward7)Day 2, learned no saved texts had transferred forward8)Day 2, learned that the quick start guide provided very little help on actually working  the phone and learned that I needed to research the 339 page "master your device" on-line.  339 pages of explanation proves this is an illogical and non-user friendly phone.9)Day 3, received a call at 6:40 am in the morning, Verizon's definition of a convenient time to call me.  I gave it to my husband to deal with since I needed to get family to school.  Outcome of call was that we learned the Back-up Assistant is not reliable to actually back up your information on contacts and that we, the customer,  were responsible for making sure that the Verizon Back-up Assistant was actually backing up everything it was supposed to do automatically.10)Day 3, my husband spent a good part of the morning entering in groups, missing contacts, notes and calendar information (45min? hour?)11)When I attempted to send a group text 8 out of 15 in the group were sent the text.  In trying to forward to the rest of the people I had to do so 1 at a time since the To field showed blank when I attempted to send to more than one personOther problems...12) It takes a minute and a half for the phone to turn on when turned off to conserve battery13)Charged phone overnight, at 7:45 am removed it from charger.  Phone showed 5% battery left at 4:30 pm later that day.  My "heavy" use?  Maybe 3 under 2 minute phone calls, tried to text once or twice without success, maybe checked e-mail once.14) From what I read I need to turn off the GPS, Bluetooth and anything else that makes this phone  more than just a phone in order to conserve the battery.15)In following this advice on conserving power  I now need to plug in my phone charger, attach the phone, turn on Bluetooth (5 steps to get to the correct control button each time) and then turn on GPS (multiple steps also) EVERY time  I get in my car.  Reversing the procedure every time I exit as well.  This is NOT user friendly.15)Bluetooth doesn't work when power is 20% or less left in battery.16)Texting before meant picking up my phone and starting to type in the message, typing maybe 2 letters to locate the name and pressing send.  Texting now is a nightmare.16a) I finally was able to disable the automatic "correction" text function (yes, I want Torida, not Florida.  Only took 5 tries to make the phone accept it).16b) I have multiple friends with the same name, (like Stephanie T, Stephanie D, etc.)the screen  listing horizontally with phone numbers means I have to now type in the entire name plus more to get to the person I need. What took 5 seconds now takes 20 or 30 to look up a name.16c)I will see an indicator at the bottom that I have new texts, but nothing is highlighted to say which ones they are when I open up the thread lists.17) The volume on the ringer varies from audible to inaudible for incoming calls at random.18)Callers can't hear you when on  speakerphoneThere is more...but you get the idea.  The Thunderdolt is a lightning strike-out. If you are "quietly brilliant" you will look further for a new phone.

Amazon and Verizon have a seriously broken activation process.  As I write this I have no working phone.  Verizon cut off my existing account with ATT and they botched the activation of my sim card.  I have to wait 4 days before I get a sim card in the mail.What bothers me is me is Amazon blames Verizon and Verizon blames Amazon and when there's a glitch in the system nobody knows what is going on.

The phone crashes alot, the processor is not able to keep up with the basic functions of the phone,  Texting causes the phone to crash...  Ive had two of them so far, both have the same problem.Screen is nice,  camera is nice, takes good photos.  HTC should have placed a better processor in this phone.  Screen size is perfect, fits in my hand well.  It just crashs about 9 times a day.  I like it - but its awful and I would not buy another one :-(the kick-stand is a cool feature

I love the Apps, easy navigation. Perfect for the internet! You will not need a laptop anymore with this phone. It Rocks, I just needs a better Battery System.So I when back to the iphone.  Hopefully they will overcome this.

If you are reading this review, you are looking for an cheap LTE phone that works well and I'd say this one qualifies. It is in fact my backup phone should something happen to my HTC Droid DNA within the next 17 months. I still use it as a wake up alarm clock and bring it out when the kids deserve some App time.When this phone came out, it was fast, but compared to today's 4 core phones, it seems very slow now, but in 2011, it seemed fast.- Update 2/10/2013 - Verizon finally rolled out the ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) update and I have just updated my Thunderbolt to Android 4.0.4 HTC Sense 3.6. Since I had already replaced this with a HTC Droid DNA as my primary phone, I had to borrow for an hour my wife's HTC Thunderbolt's SIM card and I had no problem getting the update and it installed without a hitch. It is working well and I would highly recommend the update, there are a lot of nice things that come with going from Android 2.3 to Android 4.0. In particular, I like being able to create folders now. Since my Thunderbolt is now an alarm clock / backup-phone-in-case-I-break-my-DNA / Kid's Game machine for the foreseeable future, I wanted it to be as up to date as possible while the update was available.- Update 7/17/2012 - I still like my phone very much and have no regrets at all in buying it. It has been easy to buy accessories and it is one of the first phones to get updates and such.- Update 10/20/2011 - after 5 months I still have no regrets.  I still like my phone and I am especially happy to have been able to get grandfathered into the unlimited rate plans while they lasted (rather than waiting for a dual core phone) as I often go over 10GB per month.>- Update: I have had this phone since 5/11/2011. If you are buying the phone NOW, you are looking for a cheap LTE phone and this HTC Thunderbolt should fit the bill nicely.- Original Review (modified):Some of difference between this phone and others that I would bring to your attention would be:- The HTC Sense browsers word wraps when you pinch zoom into a web page and I love this feature.  Few other phones do this.- The TB has 8GB of onboard memory and 70% of that memory is not available for you to use.This may seem irrelevant with the 32GB SD card that came with it, however many apps will not let you move them to an SD Card- The Thunderbolt feels sturdy and very professional.  I have dropped it numerous times and it has had no ill effect that I can tell.- There is no HDMI port, however this phone does not quite have enough oomph to be a huge video driver anyway.- I REALLY like TB's FastBoot (I turn it "off" every night -- I suspect 1GB of the unavailable memory is used for this feature, tho ideally it would be called suspend so you can still have a true "off" at the same time)- Hulu and Netflix and Skype all work well (all of which work much better with LTE)- The after-market has favored the HTC Thunderbolt.- There are a TON of reviews on this phone. Most are either 1 star or 4 star. If you remove the battery issue from the equation, the vast majority of people love it.- Yes, they SHOULD have given it a bigger battery, but to keep up with the trend of "thin is in", they didn't.  It is a great deal thinner than my Tilt2. So... moving on...- If you are getting horrible better battery life, my main recommendation would be keep the LTE radio off until you need to use it and turn it off again when you are done.  Here in Chicago, there are enough LTE towers that my phone does not drain too much battery life hunting for a signal.  I can easily go 10+ hours on the built in battery.  I routinely get well over 48 hours with the 2,750 mah battery with the 4G/LTE radio on the entire time.- That big and bright screen (for 1/1/2011) devours batteries and with unlimited 4G service and a fast 1GHz processor, you will have it on 3 times as much as you ever thought you would. It is that enjoyable to use. Perhaps this is the source for many of the complaints.  I know we have our screens on far, far longer than we ever had before.- Unlike my mother's HTC phone or my sisters iPhone, I have never once had an issue with my cheek hanging up on people or putting them on hold while I talk (and neither has my wife).  The phone really can tell when you are holding it against your face and turns the screen off as appropriate and turns it back again as soon as you take it away.- More battery tips: I try to always back out of programs until I get to the home screen to make sure they are not running in the background when I turn it off.  I never bother killing an app. Every time our battery seems to not last very long, it is fully attributable to keeping the screen on for extended periods, usually for extended internet browsing or facebooking.  In those instances, I just expect to plug it in soon, as I have with every notebook computer I have ever owned.  Everywhere we turn, we have an option to plug it in, so no big deal.- I can stream 3 straight hours of video over LTE on battery power on my 2,750 battery and still be only down 2 bars (20%).- I normally want a backup battery anyway, so I got an extended battery.  I actually like the extra heft and ridge to hold it. I have fewer worries about battery life than any of my previous 3 smartphones.- Unlimited LTE exposes a wide host of options I never before considered, like streaming Pandora or Hulu while at my desk at the office without going thru the firm's firewall (since it is against stated policy to do so).  This would be an occasion where I would just keep it plugged in.- Before ordering a new phone, I call the phone company to get the unlock code of my previous phone before deactivating it so I can use a SIM card from another country on that phone.  They will generally have no problem doing this when it is out of contract.Regarding getting the phone from AmazonWireless:------------------------------------------------Wow, what a price. 130 plus activation fees (which my corporate account allowed me to avoid) vs 250 from vzw.If you want more control over sorting/filtering the reviews, go to Amazon.com to read these same reviews (instead of wireless.amazon.com)I ordered the phone late at night on the 9th and received it bright and early on the 11th from KY (the delivery estimate was for the 12th).Regarding VerizonWireless initialization:----------------------------------------------I did not turned the phones on (I let VZW do this), but I did charge them up for an hour before heading off to the local VZW store for activation (as AmazonWireless does not do corporate discounts nor phone number rollovers for new family accounts)I arrived without a employment photo id (do not have one) nor a amount-redacted paycheck stub, so I was sent back home to get one as they do not discuss corporate discounts without such proof.I also needed to bring the AT&T; account number (which I got by calling 611, but bringing the invoice would have been faster).I also should have printed that email that AmazonWireless sent with the phone numbers as it would have speeded up the process.VZW first activated the phone numbers that arrived with the phones and then ported over our AT&T; #s and about 1 hour later the AT&T; phones were disconnected and the new phones were ready to use with our old #s. (very fast)If you order more than one phone... keep everything separate! I threw everything into one bag and they spend a good 10 minutes looking up their records to figure out which 4G card went with which phone. I still suspect it did not matter, but they wanted to be on the safe side.If you arrive with your old phones and your google account information handy, they were happy to assist you in setting it up and transferring the data over (I did not, so I did it myself)I receive a Welcome to VZW text next day with links to walk me thru setting it up (I have not yet used this, but I have kept it as it seems it may be useful)I have found thru my own experience and a good amount of googling, that the cheaper data plan is fine if you are using Corporate Microsoft Exchange email with ActiveSync. I am not sure why they have two plans and neither did the folks at the Verizon Wireless store.Regarding the phone itself:--------------------------------To use the speakerphone, there is an option to just put it face down on a flat surface.I almost wish it had a stylus. I clicked the wrong item far too often, but I am getting much better at it.It feels very solid and pleasant to hold and has already survived two 4' falls onto concrete.  get a screen protector ASAP!  I didn't and it is now badly scratched, but the Zagg screen protector made these scratches invisible.)As a phone, it does not have the best voice quality by any means, but it is usable and loud enough. It sounds much like our computer sounding VOIP system at work rather than a traditional voice line (it SEEMS to be doing VOIP over 4G, in which case it would affect most 4G phones. The same quality was mentioned in a review of the Charge). I was in upper Door County last weekend where there is no 3G signal and sure enough, voices sounded human again.I was surprised to find that headphones must be unplugged when receiving a phone call, otherwise the mic does not work. You need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music. I just unplug the headphones.I use it for listening to music with headphones A LOT. (Pandora or FM Radio)The camera is okay, but not nearly as good as I was hoping, however the software to control it has a lot of cool options for a cell phone.A lot of gripe has been made about the position of the usb port and I agree it probably should have been place on the other side of the phone so you can view it on the kickstand sideways while plugged in.The designers likely put it there for the HTC Desktop Docking Station for HTC Thunderbolt Docking stationCharges HTC Thunderbolt with standard or extended battery on deviceCharges Spare Standard or Extended BatteryAngled for better viewingHOWEVER!!! Since I have the Seidio extended battery, I use Seidio's case for this phone which that has a kickstand built into it that allows you to view it from either side (usb side up) and they also sell a desktop docking station in which you do not have to remove this case.Seidio ACTIVE Case for HTC 2750mAh and Seidio Innocell Extended Life Batteries for HTC ThunderBolt - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - BlackandSeidio BD3-CRDHTMEC Desktop Cradle Kit for HTC ThunderBolt - Cradle - Retail Packaging - Black(tho the BD2 alternative is 10 bucks cheaper by not including a travel charger).As not all apps rotate to allow you to have the USB port up, the docking station was a good buy for me and allows the volume buttons to be on the top and easily accessible.A lot of gripe has been made about the lack of an HDMI out. Know that there is a Media Link Adaptor coming soon that will allow you to view on HDMI via DLNA (tho it costs WAY too much money... but wireless does make more sense). Personally, I do not see the point. I already have a HTPC setup, so I have a much better method to stream video to my HDMI TV.I had to buy adaptors and cables for the multiple locations we charge (home/work/car).BlackBerry USB Cable Micro USB 1.0m (Black)Amzer Handy Converter Mini USB Connector to Micro USBI have no problems with WiFi or USB tethering. LTE is faster than my home DSL connection.PDANet would not work without first installing HTCSync (and then uninstalling it... it leaves behind the drivers you want... there are three different uninstall icons), but once installed, I was getting 7Mbps down and 1.7Mbps up via usb modem on my notebook according to DSL Reports (my at&t; dsl line maxes out at 2.6 Mbps down and 0.7 Mbps up).I have had no problems at all with it getting too hot.All my smartphones have been built by HTC and I have been content with their quality and they have been reasonably on top of their software updates.I experience no hiss at all listening to Pandora with my AKG K 272 HD High-Definition Headphones at any volume and I listen to it every workday and have a good ear (or so I like to think as a former musician).The Mount as Disk Drive option also seems to require HTCSync to be installed (see comments for link).  Again, you may uninstall HTCSync after it installed the underlying drivers you need.It is much closer of an experience to using a computer rather than a phone.  It certainly is faster and has a higher resolution screen than my first 4 computers, each of which cost thousands of dollars.  The AmazonApps store is addicting with its free app of the day and its abilty to browse the internet and see exactly the same website as on my desktop with just the same speed is abolutely amazing.  My "7.2Mbps" AT&T; Tilt2 had the ability (sans flash) but was so slow as to make it a waste of my time.Regarding Apps:--------------------As a new Andriod user, it took me days to figure out that you can swipe down the top bar and click on an app running in the background and be right back where you left off.  Too bad you cannot actually close apps from here tho.The video recording volume IS too low, but acceptable for my needs and there may be a software fix coming in the future.I use Swype, however I really like the HTC on-screen keyboard. A big reason for wanting a huge power draining screen was to have a surface large enough for my big fingers to hit the correct keys. I always had a physical keyboard before, and I was very reluctant to lose it. I still wish I could see the entire screen while typing, but it is not as bad as I had feared.Swype however still does not automatically include spaces in text messages (tho it does everywhere else) and it is still a bit of a pain to get it to work as expected when just typing letters.  It took a while to figure out that the back hardware button was used by Swype to hide the keyboard.Roboform is working quite nicely on it. It behaves like it is an entirely different internet browser. I tend to start at the Roboform list when I want to browse to a password protected website or a site I know I bookmarked within Roboform.I really like the HTC Sense UI. I am seeing no downside at all so far, but then again, I am not using it for email or contacts or facebook or tasks, I am using Touchdown to sync with my office's Exhange server. My wife uses Facebook every day, but uses the htc web browser not the HTC Facebook App.It is nice having at multiple AppStores to choose from: (VZW, AmazonApps, KindleBooks, and MarketAndroid) Interestingly enough, AmazonApps allows more than one phone on one account.Regarding Verizon's pre-loaded apps. Personally I think the issue is widely overblown. They seem to do little harm and do not consume any measurable amount of battery power.The wording on the Settings/Power/Fast Boot options is a bit confusing. You want to check the box to get fast boot. It defaults to NOT checked for broadest app compatibility. When FastBoot is enabled, the TB just hibernates instead of truly turning all the way off so it will turn on again and be usable in 10 seconds (tho reacquiring the signal take a bit longer). Nice if you want to conserve battery power and want to turn your phone "off" at night. If you want to reset your phone, just choose restart instead of power off.My TB arrived with Android 2.2.1, then Verizon updated it to Android 2.3.4, then Android 4.0.4

I am in a strange situation in that I owned the Thunderbolt for about 10 days but I returned it because of the poor battery life. I have to say that I regret returning the phone and I could have learned to live with the sub par battery life because the phone was very fast, responsive and 4G was awesome on the Verizon network. I do not see anything that can replace the phone in the present Verizon line up. I was holding out for the Bionic but it seems that it will not be released till the Fall according to chatter on the blogosphere. I am contemplating getting the iPhone 4 but after experiencing the Android platform it is hard to go to a closed system. I may just go ahead and get the phone again. If you are on the fence about an Android phone and can live with a short battery life then go ahead and get the phone.

Just got this phone from Verizon this morning to replace my Droid.All I can say is WOW!The display is amazing - it's not nearly as heavy as I thought it would be - not as bulky as some reviews made it out to be.It reminds me of the old Iphone style body - fits perfect in my hands (I'm female) and it's FAST!The only complaint I have is that the car dock doesn't seem to work with the phone when the case is on.Probably going to return the dock and get a universal - there is NO way I'm letting anything happen to this phone!The cases are nice - don't add any bulk to the phone and don't impeded on using the screen.If there was any doubt in your mind about getting this - RUN don't walk to Verizon or another retailer or click ORDER ASAP!If Amazon sells out - I heard wire fly is also selling them for cheap as well.

This is my first smartphone I have owned and I absolutely love it!I have played with my mom's phone (Droid X) so I was use to the 4.3 inch screen experience. Although, I liked the new/different experience that HTC brought to the phone with their special interface and there is nothing that her phone can do that my can't do at least as well except for one thing. That one thing would be battery life.If you are using your phone to play games, check facebook, text ,et cetra then you will only be able to get about three hours of life. Even if your not using all of these features there still is a chance that you only get a couple extra hours of life due to the fact that it is constantly trying to find/stay connected to the 4G coverage you may or may not have which drains battery. In my home I have 4G coverage so the battery is great and I can do everything I want for AT LEAST three hours but if I go to work (KMART) it drains the battery quickly even with the phone in standby in my pocket due to the fact that it takes more to stay connected through the metal (and whatever else) that makes up the building.REMEMBER, that this is a smartphone and hence it is using energy not just to stay connected for calls and texts and what have you but it using energy to check weather, mail, games, et cetra and therefore you should expect to charge your phone almost every night and not like other phones that are, well, just phones. This is the main reason why I decided to give it five stars instead of four even despite its mediocre battery. The battery isn't just powering the phone but it is also powering the games I want to play and if you start powering all these different things there is bound to be some drop in power/battery life.Also for your information, I have had problems (and from what I've read others have too) with my phone restarting and from what I have read it seems to be if you have the newest android version is what seems to cause the restarts. For me it isn't much of an issue since it seems to only do it while I'm not using it. Like when I happen to look down at my phone I see that it is restarting but not when I'm actually texting or something along those lines (which is more than I can say for my old Motorola Kraze). I imagine that this issue will be fixed soon and I completely expected issues like this since it is a newer phone and one of the first 4G capable phones out of the market. Since I believe that this is more of a software issue I again decided to give it five stars instead of four due to the fact that I am reviewing mainly the phone. This issue could be caused with VERIZON'S 4G or HTC's interface (which would be closer to the phone review) or it could be an issue with GOOGLE'S OS. Either way I can't take off for something I'm not for sure on.I also can't wait for gingerbread to come to my thunderbolt which along with added features should also fix the restart issue and since I believe I read it is coming in the summer Thunderbolt users should be getting the update hopefully very soon. :)

Pretty fun phone until you factor in the reception and battery problems. It will drop at least 1-2 bars anytime I grasp the bottom half of phone, which means cut outs and hissing during calls unless I have a perfect singal. I thought it was only my phone but I verfied it occurs on a fair amount of thunderboltts. It seems to be similar to the Antennagate problem with the Iphone. Battery life seems to drain completely within half a day with playing games and minor web surfing and im in a 3G area. Im hoping the verizon firmware update will fix these issues soon. I was considering returning the phone but the 4g internet is insanely fast when I travel. I gett about 3MB per second on 4G which is 10X faster than my high end DSL service. Nothing compares with its speed at the moment so I have to bite the bullet.

There is a terrible hiss when using the headphones, I find it unbearable and can't use the phone to listen to music at low volumes without the hiss overpowering the music.  I have tried several headphones(apples, set of eclipses and some generic ones) and several different thunderbolts (my wives, mine and Verizon's floor model), they all have the same problem.  So if someone listens to a lot of music or podcasts (80 percent of my use) on there phone then do not buy this model get a Samsung instead (tested those and they don't have any hiss at all)  before you think this is an isolate incident, google "headphone hiss thunderbolt" and you will find a ton of people saying the same thing.  It is common among HTC phones, the evo I had before this had the same problem but it was only about 1/3 to 1/2 as loud as the thunderbolts hiss.  Either way even with all this phones great features I simply cannot take the hiss and I will be returning it to amazon wireless.Other Negatives:GPS takes about 20 to 25 minutes to pick up a signal (picks up faster the second time you turn it on but seems to need to be turned on every three or four days to have the faster signal acquisition) i.e the first time you use it 20 to 25 minutes, second time a minute, don't use it for a week then 20 to 25 minutes again.Constantly dropping calls seems like every other time I talk to my wife on the phone it drops a call either on her end or mine, and we live in a Verizon 4g area (Orlando)Every 4th or 5th time we talk to each other there is a huge amount of static on the line and you have to hang up and call back.Text Message field is configured wrong so the SWYPE keyboard does not work right when sending text messages.Has a huge problem staying connected to 4g indoors and even when it does connect you are looking at closer to 500k down of actual speed, not 5mb to 10mb theoretical.All in All I was extremely disappointed with this phone coming over from the evo.

This is my 3rd thunderbolt , 2 broke and my replacement is slow worst phone on 4g nothing ever works on it its made out of cheap material i wish i could go out and get moto droid or samsung

Purchased this phone from Verizon store on Friday, returned it Friday night.  The data speed is very good.  The phone itself is terrible.  Could not make calls from my office, kept cutting in & out and dropped calls.  Hooked it up via bluetooth to my car and got a loud clicking noise constantly.  Even at home the call quality was terrible.  Only got a max of 2 bars, even at the Verizon store.  Also the battery life is absolutely terrible. You buy a phone for a phone and this one just does not cut it.  Sticking with my iphone 4 from AT&T.

I love the phone, and yes I have had the rebooting problem, but it is all fixed now with the last update. Phone is fast and the HTC Sense interface is awesome. In case you haven't heard, LTE is astounding. The only down side to the phone is battery life.I didn't take away a star because it hasn't been a problem for me it will not quite last all day, but if you can charge it some once a day you should be fine unless you have everything set to update every 5 minutes. The screen is great, and the phone has just got Netflix so you can use that on the monster, just keep the charger handy, because it will kill the battery.

I've had the Thunderbolt for over a month now and just have to start with a warning: I saved alot of dough getting the phone from Amazon but it took a few hours to activate!I tried to activate it around 11pm and it couldn't call out to self-activate. I called Verizon customer svc and they tried to help but did not know what was wrong.  Then I went to the Verizon store the next day.  They swapped out my sim card because they said it had a scratch on it.  This took a while, as they are new to sim cards and the managers were asking the associates if they knew how to do it!  This did not activate the phone either.  I went home and called Amazon, very nice people and they admitted that Amazon's systems don't talk to Verizon's so well.  Both Verizon and Amazon said I had to digitally agree to a new 2-year plan or else the Verizon computers would halt the activation.  Trouble is, neither of them knew why it wasn't accepting my agreement.Finally, a higher level Verizon phone tech (my 2nd one in two days) suggested I reset the phone to factory settings and try again to activate as if I just unboxed it.  This, along with the new sim-card, and some technical fiddling on his part worked!  Buyer beware!The phone itself: terrific!  All my friends have iPhones and I even was using my partner's iPhone on the home wifi.  The iPhone is a great device.  The Thunderbolt is just as good!  The great apps, fast processor (no lag), touch screen are excellent.  My iPhone friends were jealous about the voice-guided navigation that was included, the Google Voice app that transcribes your visual voicemails for FREE, the voice search, etc.  Feels good to have some apps/features that the "great" iPhone does not.The Cons are as noted by other reviewers.  Get an extra external battery (I got a great solar one from Amazon) and be prepared to charge the phone by early evening because the battery will run out.  I have a mix of 3G/4G and it lasts until 9pm on limited use throughout the day.  When I'm in a 4G area and I'm using the phone it has run out by 2pm!  The only other cons are that Verizon locked out the HTC website so you can't download new skins, etc.  The voice-activated nav sometimes takes 5-6 minutes to load (but you can still use regular Google maps in the meantime).  It is heavy but I upgraded from a tiny LG Versa and don't feel weighed down by the phone in my pocket.  I wish it had a physical keyboard but the android keyboard gives you options if you spell wrong, unlike the crazy iPhone auto-correct.Get this phone now!

Went through three of these phones before finally complaining enough to have verizon replace it with a different phone altogether, the Droid X2. I was so glad to not be stuck with that piece of garbage, I didn't even care about the loss of 4G. So here is what was wrong - random power cycles(usually during calls), lagged up so bad battery needed to be removed, didnt recieve all text messages, the proximity sensor frequently shut off and the screen would come on, causing me to either mute myself or hang up, reception would be 3G until I made a call, then it would drop to 1x or even roaming, and the battery life was HORRIBLE. Consider yourself lucky if you get 4 hours out the phone before it dies. I will never buy HTC again

almost everything about this phone is great. fast (phone itself and 4g), great apps, very little bugs.cons: battery is not great, but no 4g phone will be, until they fix this battery issue, that probably wont be a for a while.

I know you've read all the negative reviews, and I'm not going to dispute them or the problems people have had, which are valid.  I will say that my own experience has been positive.  I decided on the Thunderbolt despite all the reviews (really liked it in the store), and have been using it with the newest software update (July) that came out.  I considered the other 4G phones (Samsung and LG), and just liked the build and function of the Thunderbolt better.  I haven't had any shutdowns or restarts since using the phone.  I'm coming from a LG Chocolate Touch, so for me, this is miles ahead of what I had.  The battery life is acceptable.  I can get through a full day without recharging during the day.  I use the phone, internet, email, gaming, and texting at what I would consider a moderate amount, so for me the battery life works.  If you read the reviews for the other 4G phones you will find that people are experiencing the same type of battery issues (some say it's great, others say it's terrible).  Batteries simply aren't far enough along to handle what these phones are able to do (4G internet, text, GPS, Bluetooth, phone, big screen, fast processor) and last all day with constant use.  You'll want to check out the HTC extended battery if you are a heavy phone user.If you are going to buy a 4G phone, then you need to become good at managing your battery, turning off what your not using all the time (GPS, Bluetooth, etc) and you will extend the life to get through the day.  You also need to expect to charge your phone once a day (I can go two days, but I'm not a heavy user).  If you are a heavy user (4-6 hours on your phone a day, constant email and texting, chat, etc) then consider a 3G phone for now.  These aren't at that level yet.Check out the android forums and read about the Thunderbolt before you buy.  The latest update fixed many of the core issues that plagued the phone earlier, especially the GPS lock and restart issues.  Or, wait and go for one of the next generation 4G phones.  Every phone has its problems, especially 1st generation technology, so good luck!Update:  I've really enjoyed using the phone, and wanted to add some thoughts on the features:Internet:  4G is lightning fast, has been fun using it on the go.Ringtone creation:  You can purchase or upload your own library of songs and edit them down into ringtones.  It's great because you can pick the exact part of a song you want, and it costs less than the ringtones Verizon offers.Email/text:  Seamless, integrated well, so much nicer than my previous phone.Check out the Seidio HTC ThunderBolt ACTIVE Case, which is a great case that fits the phone well.Also, for those who are upgrading:  If your previous phone with Verizon had Mobile email, then you may start getting random texts from what appears to be an international number, asking you to reply to stop the texts (charge may apply, so it says).  This is caused by your former mobile email system checking your email account over and over, and texting you because you no longer have the mobile email app to receive the info it's sending.  Anyway, just change your email password and the messages will stop.UPDATE 2:  Netflix is now available and working for Thunderbolt.  Gingerbread update should be out soon.UPDATE 3:  Still really enjoying the Thunderbolt.  I charge once every two days now.  I've been curious as to how the other 4G phones were doing, so I checked out some of the reviews.  I was surprised to see so many reviews for the Charge that talk about "managing battery life" and so forth to get a day of use out of the Charge.  Why aren't more Thunderbolt users who have battery problems doing the same?  Oh well.

Unfortunately, I did this and now I have to get the sim card replaced.  I was informed by the Verizon Rep. after not being able to activate the phone that if you *228 the Thunderbolt you will damage the sim card.  I wish AmazonWireless would have made this clear.  The phone seems cool, but I can't make a call on it yet.

I was in the verizon store on the last day of the return period, seriously contemplating returning this phone but instead I downgraded to a 1 year plan. I was considering getting the iphone 4 but that is not available on a 1 year contract from verizon.  This is why I kept it.1. It is nice phone. The screen size and HTC sense operating system simply make the phone a pleasure to use.  For those of you new to Android (I was) there are truly a ton of apps. I am findings ones everyday that my fiance does not have on her iphone 4. She is jealous. And more of these apps are free than on apple. Upgrade to Gingerbread is coming soon. This phone will continue to get support for some time (obviously).2. The 4G LTE is ridiculously fast. I live in a Boston, which has been recording some the fastest speeds and can confirm that. I routinely get downloads of 20Mbps.  This is often faster than my comcast cable. Unfortunately this really drains the battery as others have noted. I actually have the 4G turned off almost all the time, since it is not really that much faster than wifi and I can be on wifi at home and at work.3. The battery isn't that bad.  I use the phone info app to turn of the 4G and another app green power which shuts down all network connections when the screen is off. You can still get phone calls and text messages, however, the phone will only connect to the internet at certain intervals (mine is set for every 30 min) to download email and update your other apps etc. You can set all this up on manually but the app makes it easier.  This extends my battery life easily past 24 hours with moderate use. I took it off the charger at 6 am and when I got home at 10 am the next day that phone had about 20% left. It also took about a week of charges to condition the battery.  Yes, with the screen brightest up and the 4G on, browsing the internet and doing some heavy downloading the phone will probably die in about 4 hours. But, how long does your laptop stay charged? If you're going to use it like that, the expectation should be that it is going to act more like a tablet or laptop.

Upgraded from the X. This is much better. I bought the extended battery and it runs ALL day long. All the hype about the battery life is just stupid my X  was way worse than this phone when compared to both with standard batteries . Haters. 4g on Verizon's network is lightning fast.

I purchased this phone from Amazon Wireless full price (without activation) and activated it on the Nation PCS unlimited plan. So far it's been a great phone, I'm going into my second month of having it now.At the beginning it rebooted a few times by itself out of nowhere, I looked into this problem and apparently it's either related to over heating or low signal, I'm going with low signal. Seems like when in a not so good coverage area it updates the PRL and restarts itself.Anyway, overall it's great. The 4 inch screen is more than big enough and is still small enough to fit in your pocket. The 1Ghz processor actually outperforms Verizon's newer phones with a 2Ghz processor in many test, including my own. Benchmark test showed my Incredible outperformed all phones, including the Evo and Thunderbolt.

The Android platform is interesting, though not, to my mind, as rich as that if the Iphone. (I know others disagree.) But it gets the job done. The Thunderbolt 4G is a bit heavy, but it's solidly built and, with a plastic holster around it, shows no sign of wear and tear after eight months of very heavy use.My principal complaint, however -- and it's a big one -- is that it drains the battery something fierce. I know that battery life is an issue with 4G phones, but  this one is a real power hog. Even with power management features enabled, it cannot get through an entire workday without needing some charge. I plug it in whenever I drive, must fully charge it every night, and by 7:00 in the evening, it's down to one bar.In addition, the micro USB plug on the charger does not fit flush with the unit with the plastic holster fitted. This means that the all-important charging process is easily interrupted if the unit is moved or touched.I would shop some more before purchasing this one.

I bought this phone when it came out and have been loving it ever since.  If you are in a 4g area and use alot of apps and have your email inbox/facebook...etc updated every hour then yeah you will have some problems with battery life.  But just be smart, the phone is leaps and bounds better software wise versus its competitors.  If you never want to recharge your phone then don't buy this one bc you will have to recharge it everynight but your phone won't be able to do near the things the Thunderbolt can.OVERALL:  Great phone just be smart about using the battery, you don't need all 3 of your email accounts updated every hour and you don't need your screen brightness all the way up if you work indoors all day.  Turning off facebook and a couple of other apps that update all the time will help.

I'd been using an iPhone version 1 for the past 3 years, and was more than ready to upgrade... and I wanted to try an Android phone on Verizon, since I wasn't happy with AT&T;'s network (didn't work reliably at home or a few other places I spend a lot of time).I really, really wanted to love this phone - great big screen, supposed blazing fast network... new fast processor, etc. BUT, my battery life is terrible - TERRIBLE (usually get less than 5 hours before I hit the below 20% mark).  I've read lots of forum posts, blogs, articles, etc. about how to shut down all of the bells and whistles to extend battery life, but to me, those are the things that make the phone attractive - I don't want to switch my GPS on and off depending on what app I want to use - I don't want to turn off the 4G network - I don't want to micro-manage my phone - I just want it to work.If you are like me, you are going to be disappointed by this phone.  If you love to tweak your phone's settings all the time, maybe you'll love it?

After all the complaints on here and some other sites, I was apprehensive on trying the Thunderbolt. But this morning I got brave, went down to the Verizon store and picked one up (I did NOT order on Amazon, so I can't rate the activation service here). The extended batteries are out of stock at the moment..basically everywhere. So I'm stuck with the standard battery for the limited time. I'm going to try this phone out for few weeks and if it's abysmal I'll return it before 14 days. However, I don't think that's going to happen based off my first impressions.First off: yes the battery is underpowered for the device. I'm really not sure what they were thinking with giving the Thunderbolt a 1400 mAh battery. However, it's really not all that bad from what I've seen so far. And this is just after one charging session..supposedly it gets better after the battery is 'trained'.. I had the thunderbolt first fully charged by 3:00 and it has been on 4G for the rest of the day. As of now (9:00pm) after more use than I'd typically do on a typical day (more games, 4G downloading, youtube, texting, pictures) the battery is 50%. There are better devices as far as battery life goes, but I'm actually impressed. I was half expecting it to be dead by now. I will still be buying an extended battery when they get back in stock, but for now I'm quite confident I can make this work.That being said, there are some tweaks to help you get the best charge. As many have pointed out, there are some apps now that allow you to easily turn the 4G *off* and only rely on 3G. This will still allow you to talk and surf at the same time even. It will also make a huge difference with the battery from what I'm told. It makes sense since 4G is a big battery draw. I have tried it, and it seems to work without a hitch. I'll see what the battery life change is in a few days. I don't need 4G all the time, I see no reason to leave it on if it's detrimental to the battery charge. I'll just turn it on when I was to watch videos or surf!As for the rest of the phone features: Yay!I'm coming from first generation Moto Droid. What a difference. The droid was a tank, but it moved like molasses compared to this thing - in both processor and wireless speed . Verizon's 4G network is fantastic. I'm averaging 10-12mbps down in Dallas. That's faster than my home internet. The phone itself is very responsive. Night and day compared to the droid. HTC Sense isn't too shabby, though I'm still getting used to it. Despite the added stuff it's very responsive. The screen is nice and big (though it puts out some heat!), the kickstand is really useful. Games work great. It's not the most powerful gaming phone, but it can certainly hold its own. Call quality hasn't been bad at all, though admittedly I haven't talked much on it. Haven't noticed any problems!2 things I dislike so far: the notification led is kind of pathetic. And the speaker is covered by the kickstand. So if you want the best audio quality you'll have to have it out (I actually found it is a nice safety while holding the phone).I'll be getting the extended battery soon. If that changes anything major I'll update this. All in all with some of the promised updates and gingerbread coming, I'm very optimistic! I think I found my new phone.

This is my first Android phone after my i-phones and I am loving the 4G speed. However the battery life is ridiculous, I would have to go back to the charger three times a day to avoid it from shutting down. It would only last 6-7 hours on a full charge. I went to Best Buy for some advise and the guy told me I should download the task killer app to stop the apps that are running in the background, it is suppose to drain the battery slower, or NOT! It doesn't help at all. I found some stronger 1700mAh battery at $40+, but seriously, the phone itself cost $250 already and now I have to pay $40+ more for a battery? I thought they would have fixed the problem since the release date got delayed so many times, apparently not.

Absolutely amazing product. Don't buy into the battery issues, I got 16 hours with light-moderate use (Facebook, texting, web browsing) in a non-4g area with 32% battery life remaining. In my 4g area I still get a good 14 hours of use out of the thunderbolt. However, I do have juice defender downloaded, but it is only on the balanced setting.Imagine coming from an old-school NV touch to the thunderbolt! It's like I've been pushed into the future... Lol.

I have only had the phone for 24-hours and here are the flaws I have found thus far:Has a built in kickstand to keep phone up when using it to view TV/video/etc. Seems like good idea right? However, the dummies who designed it didn't think to flip the kickstand the other way, so you could access the micro USB. One would think it would be a good time to charge/power the phone when one is watching video w/ the kickstand out. Seems that is pretty important since viewing videos/TV runs the battery down quick. Duh?I personally love a big physical keypad for easy of use for male hands. i don't like touchscreen only cause I find myself always cursing at the constant mistouch while typing etc. Even though the large screen makes the keyboard bigger, it is still very easy to hit the wrong key.Why are we going back to the old to school days of using the letters on the numberpad of the phone to spell names? If I want to type an 'R' I prefer to press the letter 'R' on a keyboard. I do not need to search around a number pad to figure out which number corresponds to the letter 'R'. At least give us an option in settings to pick how we find contact names when we want to use the phone.Word suggest and completion is horrible. 90% of the time it does not suggest the right word up until I have typed the entire word. Example: If I want to type the word 'message'. I type the first four letters "mess' and it's suggested words are 'Less' 'Mead' and Ness'. I must be missing something cause that makes no sense. It does this whether I have spell check on or off. Many of us who text like to abbrieviate. It is very annoying that 'word complete' inserts a completely wrong word after you abbreviate a word and press space. If you don't catch it your sentance makes no sense. Example: If I abbreviate the TV show "Man Woman Wild" into "MWW", the word complete automatically inserts 'MOW' instead. What does capitol 'MOW' mean anyway? Not sure why it inserts it automatically without me choosing it to?It has a lot of Icons for Apps that they want to sell you or are include with the phone(i.e. Blockbuster video,Peep,Let's Golf, etc)that you can not delete from the phone. If I don't use an app I don't want it taking up space in my App list. Also many of them don't even explain what they do.The 'Clock/Weather'app on the home screen is huge. It takes up half the screen. I like to see the time and weather but I also like to have the app icons I use the most on the home screen too. It has this huge screen and only allows you 8 additional app icons on the home screen. If there is a way to reduce the size of the clock on the screen I haven't been able to find it.I've been doing a lot of setup on the phone today and I have been flying through the battery life. I am not sure how it will last during normal use, but I am not impressed with the battery life thus far. Maybe if I was to only use it occasionally throughout the day as only a phone it might last me the whole day. But that is not the point of a Smart Phone.I am by no means a tech wiz I am just an average user. So, maybe there are apps to solve some of these issues or settings to fix some of these issues, but should I really have to waste all that effort correcting design flaws of the phone?Give me another 24-hours and I am sure I will have more to complain about. I don't mean to be a pesimist, but common sense is important to me and this phone has a lot of common sense issues. Hopefully I can find ways to fix most of these issues cause I am stuck with this thing for 18-months now

Update 01 April 2011:I have to say that I just LOVE this phone!  The battery life, with stock battery, has been fine since I used the application to make 3G dominant: it certainly matches the battery life I had with my two Blackberry phones.  The phone is smooth and has worked flawlessly for me.  The editing text interface (using a little bar to find where your cursor actually sits) is a very handy and thoughtful upgrade for when you want to place the cursor in an exact spot.  Again, it's only been two weeks but I have no regrets.  After having had four types of Blackberry, the HTC Incredible (screen sucked in bright light), the Droid X (crummy interface), etc., this is THE FIRST phone I've had which--after two weeks--I can honestly say is THE BEST PHONE I'VE EVER HAD!Update 25 March 2011:Very happy with my Thunderbolt!  As other reviewer have noted some engineering type things (kick stand that in one position affects micro-usb jack) and a small power on/off switch stand out.  I just LOVE the HTC Sense UI much more compared to the crummy one on the Droid X.  The contacts manager function is much better and HTC's "Footprints" function is extremely handy as I drive to dozens of different fire stations.As another poster wrote to me, there is an easy free application that gives you access to the phone's functions and allows you to control if you're 3G of LTE.  The link to the application is:  [...]I downloaded it and it works quite well! Apparently doing the above will enable HTC Thunderbolt users to conserve battery life 4-fold and gain up to eight hours on a full charge with regular usage when not using a battery efficiency app.So there you have it, give it a go and feel free to let us know how you get on and whether you experience better battery life from your HTC Thunderbolt by posting to our comments area.

Love this phone - bought an iPhone and took it back b/c I missed widgets, built-in nav, and other Android features. So glad I found this phone! Screen is large and crisp enough and functionality impressive enough that I haven't felt the need to get a tablet. Screen clarity good enough to watch a Netflix movie or TV show, integrated GPS navigation (that I use every day to check traffic), extremely fast true 4G, and all the other Android bennies. My fav feature is the built in stand, which lets me use the phone as an alarm clock, video player, book reader, etc., all without needing a dock. You won't be disappointed in this phone.

I had the HTC Incredible, and upgraded as soon as this phone came out. Let me say, everything that bothered me with the Incredible and my husband's original Droid has been fixed with this phone. It is blazingly fast. The screen has amazing clarity. The front and back camera is that best idea out there (thank you iPhone for giving us the idea!), no turning the phone around and having to feel for the "capture" button to try and take a self portrait. The little upgrades to the settings, ringing louder when in a pocket or a purse but quieting once the phone has been touched, the self battery saving once it gets below a certain battery, the kickstand, etc.... it's all amazing. There is actually 4g in my area and when I dialed someone and it IMMEDIATELY went through, I was in awe. The attachments to my email and the ringtones download so quickly, much faster than my home internet. Can't wait to use it as a mobile hotspot (free until May 15th! Thank you VZW!) for all my home devices.Don't get me wrong the only downside is that this thing is a monster in size, but that's what happens when you get this much punch in such a small package. It is basically a tablet. And it's much heavier than my incredible, which took some getting used to while holding it to play on it or talk on the phone. However, I knew this going into it and played with someone's Droid X (same dimensions) to get myself prepared. I am trading the size + weight for so many extras.And to the guy that said it doesn't support NFL mobile, there won't be any football anyway this year, so your NFL app will be pointless. :) just kidding, I sincerely hope that doesn't happen.

I got a Verizon Thunderbolt 2 months ago and I find it to be a problematic phone.  Yes it's fast for the internet and watching any video material is great BUT the phone has inherent shortcomings and is a flawed device when considering everyday usage.  I read the reviews prior to my purchase and all of them talked about the Thunderbolt being a battery hog.  I asked the salesperson about this and he said no, the battery life is quite good and if you run into problems just toggle the phone off of the 4G LTE setting back to a 3G only device.  As it turns out the phone is an extreme battery hog in 4G LTE and one should be near your plugged in charger if you're going to use 4G LTE.  You can get maybe 45 to 60 minutes of "non-plugged in" usage from the device.  Not nearly long enough o use the phone as a portable entertainment device (which is one of the device's primary feature benefits).  On the 3G setting the battery life is still far below what I have experienced with previous devices. The phone also shuts down quite often and resets itself, maddening!  I'm so disappointed ... Verizon or HTC should recall the phone and give Thunderbolt owners a better device.

what good is a phone if battery only last 3 hourswhat good is a phone if it Bluetooth can't connect to your car?  ( google htc thunderbolt bluetooth issues  before you want to buy )its good for paper weight ( but not good if you want to carry it around like a phone )that's about it

Honestly this thing is a complete mess of locked up APs, Blockbuster movies, peep, random golf games whatever nonsense threw HTC a dollar is completely locked in place so at best you have to scroll past it every time you do almost anything (so if you prefer netflix, blockbuster shows up first anyway, day after day, use after use).HTC also went out of the way to make the phone difficult to root on a level far beyond previous android phones, you risk bricking your phone but then it comes pretty much bricked anyway.Bottom Line: Get an Iphone, although I bought this trying to avoid apples dictates to it's users, now that I've seen this, Apple is the much more customization friendly, open to development option.And whatever speed you save on LTE you waste at least as much with the clunky inefficient interface (great concept but too cluttered with locked unremoveable apps to get to what you really want)

I went in to buy an iphone and was talked into the thunderbolt after rave reviews from people in the store that were using it themselves. After 3 months, I am now counting down the days until I can get out of this contract and trash the phone! It never will auto connect to the internet, so I need to manually turn off the internet and turn it on. Once on, it will only stay connected for 20-30 seconds, so surfing the net is next to impossible. So much for paying $30 a month for internet service that is never available. While on a thread of messages, it will post onto another. When buying it, I specifically asked about battery time and they told me 48 hours after charging. The truth is more like 2-6 hours, depending on the applications in use. The worst is in the middle of a phone conversation, it will automatically decide that it needs to turn off and restart. I would have really expected better out of a $250 phone and am now kicking myself for being talked out of the iphone!

I've had this phone for three or four months, and it's got more good points than bad ones. The 4G is lightning quick, downloading is almost as snappy, and the screen is big and brilliant. The camera is great and being able to use any song for a ringtone through GTunes is cool. The biggest drawback is the battery; it doesn't matter how much or how little you use this phone, it WILL be dead or close to it long before you get some zzzzz's. I can't count the number of times my phone died while waiting to pick someone up, waiting for an important phone call, calling a friend for directions, etc. Even charging it overnight and keeping it plugged into a car charger every minute I'm not using it isn't enough to keep it charged for 75 percent of a day. I had an iPhone before this and didn't think it was awesome until I got locked into a two year deal with the HTC. IPhone has an awesome battery although the HTC has a better connection with 4g. I understand ATT has 4g, so that rubs out the HTC's advantage. IPhone has better free apps also. Maybe they'll get the battery issue resolved, but I wouldn't risk it again.

After several months of use I can't get over the poor battery life. Even with all of the software and settings optimizations to tweak I still carry 2 extra batteries to feel comfortable taking it anywhere.Speed is nice, screen color good, I use the kick stand quite often, but it's unfortunate you must extend it to get decent sound from the speaker, otherwise it is occluded.

Have been waiting for this phone to release for what seems like forever and I have to admit, the wait was well worth it! This is one great phone. Clear calls, super fast browsing, beautiful display & overall easy to use. I must admit it probably wouldn't have hurt if I'd cracked open the manual, but reading manuals is for wimps! lol I did flip through the manual after the fact, but by then I'd already figured the thing out. The phone is so much fun to use and seems to do everything I could want very easily.I can't imagine wanting more in a phone. I got the wife a Droid Pro at the same time since she wanted a keyboard and she's really happy with that phone as well. I like the availability of all the aps that are available for the phone and the fact that there are a ton of free aps out there for it too. The cameras in the phone do a pretty decent job, especially for a cell phone camera.Anyone looking for a really great phone with lots and lots of capabilities won't be disappointed with this one.I might add that I downloaded and installed the Swype Beta keyboard and it really rocks on the Thunderbolt. The one negative I might have is it seems to go through the battery pretty rapidly, but that may be mostly to my app downloads and playing with the features. I hear Verizon is coming with a battery that will double use time, which I'm sure to get. Still love the phone after 2 days of pretty solid usage!

I love this phone, its been great for me.  But...  It has a few little issues.  Here are the pros and cons.Pros:- Great camera- 4G LTE, extremely fast- A Verizon phone- Very nice screenCons:- Battery isn't that good, only lasts 2-3 hours on LTE and 4-5 hours on 3G- I have a slight light leak around the bottom buttons, other people around the internet seem to have it as well- The lock button is small and a little hard to press sometimes because its flush to the top of the phone- There is currently no way to turn off 4G via a widget, HTC should have an update to this soon- 4G LTE is not available everywhere yet, so if you want it then don't get this phone quite yet- Android itself is great, the marketplace however is not.  I'd go with Amazon's App Store, much better so farThats my view on it, hope you like your device if you get one.  I love it.

Beware of Verizon service!  It is by far the worst of all the providers I have ever used.1.  Difficult to reach Verizon -- their automated touchtone system is designed to prevent you from getting to speak to a person; be prepared to spend 1-2 hours on the phone to get any issue resolved2.  Service people are unhelpful -- when you finally reach a service person, often their "systems are down" so they can't actually help.  (This has been 4 out of 5 times for me.)  Also, service people have no authority to resolve an issue -- for example, they cannot remove and obviously incorrect charge.3.  Verizon will not call you back.  On multiple occasions, after waiting 30-40 minutes for a supervisor (who might actually be able to provide some service,) I was told they would call me back.  They are 0 and 3 -- Verizon will never call you back4.  Misleading and erroneous charges -- you will find all sorts of extra and erroneous charges on your bill.  Even after getting "free installation" in writing on my installation contract, Verizon charged me for it, and would not reverse the charge.  No matter what deal they promise, expect all sorts of additional chargesFinally, to add insult to injury, Verizon will send you endless junk mail offeirng you the service you just purchase -- as if to let you know that they have no clue that you are a customer (and don't care.)

I have had this phone since April. I was so excited when I got this phone, I mean just look at those great specs: 1 GHZ processor, 8 GB of memory, 768 MB of RAM, 4.3 inch screen, 32 GB micro SD card!! I was thinking to myself this should be a killer phone...so fast! Here are the things I like about the phone:1. Huge screen2. It can be fast at some things you do3. Form factor, I like the way the body of the phone looks, and I like the kickstand even though it covers the speaker4. I liked the HTC Sense operating systemAll these things were a plus for me at first. I didn't mention the 4G as it is not in my area and probably won't be for awhile. However, I have seen some issues with the phone that are really starting to bug me.1. Rebooting: This thing reboots more than my Blackberry ever did. As a matter of fact my BB rarely rebooted and I rarely had to reboot it myself. My Thunderbolt has rebooted itself twice today! And it randomly does it every week at least twice.2. Connection problems: I sometime experience times when the phone will not connect to my gmail account. Its not as frequent as the rebooting but it happens here and there. Usually when that happens I have to reboot the phone...3. Native Messaging App: the HTC app for messaging seems to freeze alot. I would have preferred to use that app for texting but I was forced to use Handcent.4. Long volume buttons: I guess this is a preference, but the buttons are easily pressed and when my phone is either in silent mode or low its annoying to barely press that long button and turn everything back on again.5. Battery Life: Everyone should know by now that the batter life on this phone is pretty bad. For example, I fully charged my phone before going to work today. I made one 3 minute call, checked my twitter and email, and sent some texts and I was down to 73% by 10 a.m. Fortunately for me I can charge at the office or in my car. HTC put a 1400 mAh battery in this phone, why? It was initially delayed, according to reports, because of battery issues. Did they not do any further testing, or did they just want to get the phone out as quickly as possible? My guess is the latter.6. Addition of Apps: HTC and Verizon have loaded so much bloatware on the phone it's not even funny! The majority of these programs run in the background eating up your battery and using memory. The only way to get rid of these apps is to root your phone! This is unacceptable. I am guessing they do this for monetary reasons but at least give the consumer the ability to delete what they don't use! In my case that would be all the apps they have installed. After all of the bloatware you have about 2.4 GB of memory (this is approximate it may be more or less, but not 3GB)out of the 8 GB advertised.Too make matters worse, it seems like the phone has gotten worse the more I use it. So with a 14 day trial period I wasnt able to make a determination on whether I would keep the phone. Had I had a 30-day trial period, it would have gone back. I am not telling anyone to not buy the phone as my issues may not bother you or maybe (if you are lucky) you may not have these issues at all. I am just saying buyer beware...

Update 3/20/2012I've now had the phone for a little over 6 months and i'm no longer pleased. The software became buggy and the overall lack of quality of the product has come out to the point where I am now forced to purchase a new phone, short of my two year contract expiration. The charging port started acting up somewhere between 5 and 6 months of what I consider to be normal usage. The plastic casing also hasn't held up too well to the test of time, it shows wear and has started to crack. Overall my lasting impression is less than impressed. Over time, the software updates caused the phone to be buggy at times, compounded by the breaking of normal components and the overall dissatisfaction with build quality.I got this phone as an upgrade from my long outdated, but workhorse of a phone, the flagship Motorola Droid. I kept telling myself to wait for the Motorola Droid Bionic to come out but no one could give a timeframe on its release so I decided to jump in with both feet and purchase the Thunderbolt. I am now a little over a month and a half into my ownership of the Thunderbolt and feel I have given it time for a honest review.Now, before I start this review just know that I can't help but be a little biased. My previous phone was the Motorola Droid 1, and my first smartphone so all of my experience is based off of that phone.I do not live in a 4G available area but I do frequently travel to these areas so I do feel the need to echo how incredible fast the 4G LTE network is, faster than my Comcast cable setup at home. All of this comes at a price with the phone however, when connected to 4G the phone becomes one power hungry beast, lasting only about 6 hours on standby and even less depending on how heavy you're using the network (and with speeds like 12MBPS down how could you not use it?). They do offer an extended battery... for a price... that's an additional $40-50, and the price of losing the sexy form factor of the phone with a bulky new battery door. This is not as big of a problem when you're on 3G data connections, when i'm running 3G only with normal usage (text messaging, little talk time, and the occasional lookup online) I can generally get from 10am to midnight.. still not as great as the original droid but not bad considering the faster processor, bigger screen, and features of the phone. There is also the option in the phone to turn off "always on data connection" which helps the connection a great deal because it only connects to 3G or 4G when you access something that needs 3G or 4G.. the downfall is that it screws with applications that pull data in the background.This leads me into the look and feel of the phone. Let's start with the obvious, its a big phone! But, while it is a big phone it doesn't feel TOO big.. it fits nicely into your pocket without a case but i'd imagine that with a case of any size to it that it would feel a little bulky in the pocket. In terms of problems with the phone casing i've noticed that the kickstand has some sort of protective coating over the metal and that it likes to flake off over time.. not a major deal, but does make the phone look cheap. I also don't feel like the screen is as scratch resistant as my original droid. With my MotoDroid I would put the phone wherever I wanted and never got a scratch, but already with this phone I have a few scratches on the screen. This is probably due to the lack of a protective "lip" around the screen like my original droid had.As for call quality, I will also echo other reviewers as saying its "ok"... the biggest problem with it is that you sound like you're talking through a tin can at times. This seems to be due to a design flaw in the phone as the microphone is mounted on the bottom edge of the phone to preserve that big beautiful screen so you're not actually talking directly into the microphone. Also, speakerphone isn't as loud as I would have liked, especially for a media phone. The kickstand tends to muffle the sound coming out.. and if you put your phone into a car mount as I do then there is no way to open the kickstand in the car to adequately use the speakerphone.The phone itself is fast for a single processor. It doesn't choke when I have the Internet Browser open watching YouTube videos, while listening to music, while downloading a torrent in the background.. which is a far stride better than my MotoDroid which seemed like the "Sunday driver in the left lane" by the time I was ready to upgrade. I only have two complaints about the phone's operating system. First and very much foremost, and one of the major reasons it lost a star is because its filled with a bunch of bloatware apps that I cannot delete!!! The MotoDroid haad no bloatware and was absolutely amazing because I very adamantly delete applications that I do not use. This comes pre-loaded with crap that can't be gotten rid of in any way short of rooting the phone and very riskily rearranging some system files. If these were good apps it would be tolerable, but the apps are the worst apps I could think of. One is a Blockbuster application (yes, Blockbuster, the one filing for bankruptcy and probably doesn't have a store near you anymore) so a year down the road when there isn't anymore Blockbuster I still have the app. Also have a slew of other applications like a mini golf DEMO app, that once you use is useless and you have to buy the full copy and about 5 other apps that I have never used. But, with that rant off my chest let's move on. With the most recent update of the OS a lot of thunderbolts are plagued with random reboots. This is most definitely an android problem, but is limited to the thunderbolt. Nothing is more frustrating than attempting to enter an address into navigation while going down the road and having your phone shut off and reboot (which takes about 2 minutes). Apparently a fix is in the works, but until then this statement will stay in the review.The camera is nice, its 8 megapixels on the back and 1.3 in the front. The 8 megapixes is good for your everyday picture taking and has replaced my digital camera for most short vacation shots and the like. If you're a photography aficionado then it will probably leave alot to be desired because there aren't many settings available to tweak camera settings, but it works for me to take pictures in my everyday life. The front facing camera is a nice thought... but is utterly useless until there is a use for it. The only app available that uses the camera is the camera application and a hacked version of skype (which you can stream, very choppily mind you, over a 3G connection).. you'd think there would be an application lined up before a feature like this was put into the phone.So, all in all, I like the phone. It has its own faults like every other phone on the market. In my opinion, this phone's three weak points are the battery life, bloatware, and the random reboots. All of these could be fixed with one simple software update, which could come any day from HTC. Other than that I think it's a solid and powerful phone. Especially to be a flagship 4G LTE phone. I have left my individual ratings below.Design: Poorly placed microphone, kickstand coating rubs off, kickstand blocks speaker, solid and non-bulky feeling, nice form factor.7/10Call Quality: Sound like you're "talking in a tin can", low speaker phone volume7/10Camera: Lack of settings, point and shoot, clear picture quality, 720p video recording9/10Phone Usage: Random Reboots, So-So Battery Life Depending on Usage, BLOATWARE GALORE, responsive UI, snappy processor, Blazing fast 4G LTE connections7/10OVERALL:8/10

After my first day I was ready to return because the battery life was abysmal, less than 4 hours before it died whether I used it or not.  Plus the thing was feeling warm to the touch at all times because programs were constantly running in the background.My young Droid X daughter said she had the same problem but fixed it by installing, for free, Advanced Task Killer and Green Power.  This worked to eliminate the heat leakage which was coming from a batter constantly in use and killed lots of unnecessary programs running in the background.Now that this issue is fixed, so far the phone is worlds ahead of my BlackBerry Storm 2.  Worlds apart improvement in the entire UI experience.Now why HTC and Verizon allowed this phone to ship knowing full well its not configured to give a good user experience is a question they'll never answer.

I wasn't too excited about this phone.  I had an Incredible, which I was perfectly happy with, but I thought I would check it out just to see how it was.  I was considering buying a 32Gb micro SD anyway, and those go for $70+ on their own.  I went to the Verizon store and started playing with it and WOW...the LTE network is so much faster than I thought it would be. The first thing I did was turn off the WIFI in the store and it was actually opening pages (considerably) faster than my Incredible does on my home WIFI network. My only worry is that it is only this fast because it is so under-utilized at this point and that it will slow down once more people start using it.  The 4G is reason enough to buy this thing (if it is available where you are--I didn't think it was available here, but I checked their map and it is!)  Motorola and LG are coming out with their own Verizon 4G phones in the next few months, but I have gotten so used to (and really like) the HTC Sense interface that I wouldn't want to change to something else.  I haven't had a chance to assess the battery life yet, but hopefully it isn't too bad.

Short version:GREAT network, nice phone plagued by stupid software politics and outrageously bad battery life. Although I consider it a step up from my iPhone 3GS, it might have been smart to wait for the next generation.Long version:Overall, I have to say, I loooove this phone. The LTE network is unbelievably fast; for the first time in years, I went away for the weekend without a laptop. Going from AT&T;'s so-called service to Verizon's LTE network is a major reason I love this phone so much; it can actually make and receive calls on a consistent basis! However, the Thunderbolt lacks Apple's attention to detail. I've had it for just under a month now, and I think it would take a lot for me to go back to an iPhone, for all its ease of use.*Battery? What battery?*The first glaring fault I noticed was the battery it comes with. From a full charge, it died after four -- count 'em, four -- hours of sitting on my desk, with the occasional Facebook check. Apple would NEVER ship a product with such a fatal flaw, let alone a flagship-type product. I did fork over another $50 for the extended battery, and that has been a major improvement to the tune of two-three days of fairly intense usage. However (another Apple no-no) when I last checked, there were no protective cases for the phone with the extended battery installed. Not no licensed cases or no nice cases; no cases at all. However, with the help of a "military-grade" screen protector, the entire phone still looks brand new.I must also say that when I picked up my old 3GS the other day, it felt amazingly light, though the bulky battery adds only minimally to the weight of the Thunderbolt. An HTC rep did tell me that a battery-enhancing update is in the works, but I haven't seen it yet.*Mac-friendly? Not so much.*Another major impediment to the Thunderbolt being an iPhone killer is its utter lack of official Mac software. That's right: HTC's software is PC-only. I sync mine using a third party solution, which took a look of finagling to finally get working. It still occasionally throws errors during syncs, but for the most part, it's good. (The software, The Missing Sync, is the same brand I used to sync my Palm Cli&eacute; to my Mac a decade ago. Does HTC really want to follow in Palm's footsteps? One must wonder why they aren't taking this fairly simple step to lure the iPhone audience.)*Software, um, situation*Although I appreciate the freedom to install a wider variety of apps on my phone, Apple's tight controls make things a lot clearer for the consumer. I'm rapidly learning that software on Android (or perhaps just on this phone) could be best described by a word that is not PG-13 -- one that Jon Stewart used with "to the White House" during a recent campaign, let's say. Other reviewers have mentioned the incredible amount of bloatware this thing comes with, and they aren't kidding. When I emailed HTC to complain about the fact that I was stuck with "Let's Golf 2" (among other equally useless things), I was told that was Verizon's call.From what I've seen, there seems to be a fair amount of finger-pointing in the Android world, instead of problem-solving. Another example: Swype. The nifty text input a friend showed me on her Droid years ago was the one thing I always wished my iPhone did, and it's a big reason why I considered an Android phone in the first place. Silly Apple user -- I thought it was part of the OS. Long story short: you can download the beta of Swype onto the Thunderbolt, but it's a beta with a few big shortcomings:1. Heaven forbid your battery dies or you power cycle the phone -- Swype won't input swiped text once the phone reboots. I managed to fix it by switching to the default keyboard and back, but others are reporting licensing issues as well.2. Some fields are particularly finicky, and will select the word you just finished inputting such that you end up replacing it over and over again.3. Text messages do not auto-space or capitalize. Swype says this is HTC's problem and there's nothing they can or will do to fix it; apparently HTC's SMS client thinks that's a URL box. The only fix seems to be downloading a third-party SMS client. (See what I mean about the finger-pointing?)However, I have to say that the speech-to-text feature is quite good; I'm wondering how I never had it before.As I said, there are a lot of things I love about this phone and the Android OS, like live wallpapers, the notifications bar (again, how did I live without that?), Swype (when it feels like behaving), widgets...but for the software flaws and battery, I have to deduct a star.After almost a year with this phone, I cannot WAIT to get something else. It's a behemoth, and it can't handle simple tasks like making phone calls or turning on the mic for a Google voice search on a consistent basis.

This is a good phone, with a big screen and a mostly responsive build of Android but I don't know what HTC/Verizon did with the build but the OS and its basic tools like dialer come off a pretty buggy. For example, I have a custom ringer for when my wife calls. For reasons unknown, sometimes it will use the default ringer when she is calling (no, she is calling from one of the phones listed on her contacts card). Worse, sometimes, when my friends call, the ringer used is the one I have set for just my wife. There are times when the OS "drops" the SD card and only way to redetect it is to restart the phone. Until then, any podcasts, music, photos and videos I have cannot be accessed.The HTC Sense UI is clunky at best. The should have stuck with Google's default UI.The OS build comes preloaded with junkware which cannot be uninstalled. Another useful feature missing on this which I had on my G2 is the Swype keyboard.In short, you can do better for the money. For the money, iPhone would have been better than this.

I waited a few weeks before purchasing the phone so that I could read all of the reviews and make a smart purchase, the reviews came out and the only real downfall noted was the battery (which was to be expected).  Having the HTC Incredible prior to this phone, I was aware of how quickly the battery goes down so I was not worried about that part.My first mistake was purchasing it from the local Verizon Store instead of ordering it directly from Verizon.  After leaving the store I noticed that none of the broadband functions were working (they never turned them on), I went to use the GPS and it wasn't enabled (lazy salesmen).  Anyways, after getting everything in order I placed a couple calls and noticed that there was significant static in the background but though that maybe it was the area of town I was in so I kept using it for about 2 weeks and noticed it didn't matter where I was, the static was always there.  In addition to the static I noticed that applications like Youtube ran like crap, very jittery and numerous pauses, my HTC Incredible worked perfect right next to it??I think that the problems I experienced were from using a new 4G Phone in a 3G area but I could be wrong.  It was unfortunate that my Incredible worked perfectly with virtually the same OS and while sitting right next to the Thunderbolt.  As a result, the Thunderbold went back and I'm back on my Incredible....what a shame!

Having come from an iPhone 3GS I was looking for speed, speed, and more speed.  I found it in the Thunderbolt 4G.  Getting used to the "flow" of the TB was pretty easy.  Once I figured out that I could pick from a few different setups for my home screen and customized my applications to the way I wanted, I didn't miss my iPhone at all.  The fact that I got free apps/mp3s daily from Amazon didn't hurt either.  I installed SWYPE as my new keyboard and I am enjoying it though I need to spend more time on it to get quicker.  All in all using AmazonWireless.com for my phone and service was a pleasure.  The only thing I wish I could have done to begin with would have been to get a choice of phone numbers.  I called Verizon and got a new number to match my needs, other than that awesome service all around!

I have two phones on my plan, one for my fiance.  I upgraded both to HTC thunderbolts a week ago.I bought these from Best Buy for $50 ea with a plan upgrade.  I was very much looking forward to using this phone and understood that there would be a learning period before I got comfortable with it.It's fast.  Apps work well.  Browser  is good.  Camera is high end.  The case is slim and feels sturdy.  The display is generous by phone standards.Camera stopped working.  Had to spend 30 mins researching the fix which involves  resetting the date, enabling the camera and then setting the date again.  Needless to say, I lost chance at the shot I wanted.Autorotate stopped working.  I have tried soft reset,  g sensor calibration and other stuff  -  nyet!  A factory reset might do it but I am not going to reconfigure my phone every time this craps out. However I did manage to blow a couple of hours researching and experimenting.I find the touch interface uncontrollable. I work with my hands.  My fingers are thick and calloused.  Despite  calibrating the keypad I cant set the general sensitivity.  Apps open wildly and random contacts get phone calls when I am trying to operate the phone.This is an expensive phone and the one thing I expect from it is to be able to quickly, easily and reliably make and recieve phone calls!  After a week of use, I still can't get to an incoming call in time.  About half the incoming calls are lost because it takes too many steps to get to the phone if the display is off, the screen is locked and some app is displaying.  On my Motorola Razr  you just flipped it open!  HTC  seems to have forgotten this is a PHONE.  The phone function is not just another app, its the main reason for owning the damn thing.It does not operate on 4G  anywhere.  The Verizon agent assured me that there was universal 4G coverage in my state.The internal memory is choked with apps that I dont need and can't seem to remove.Battery life is ridiculously short.  The power monitor says that the display eats over 50% of the power,  but even with the display turned off, the brightness set very low and basic apps running,  it will last less than 8 hrs.  You had better have a car charger for this pig.I read on the web that HTC has *terrible* customer service.  I haven't tried to call them but this is yet another drawback to the phone.My fiance & I are software developers. (I know I said I work with my hands, but software devo is my day job).  We are fairly savvy about technology.  In fact we bought these phones intending to learn how to write apps for them.  Yet after a week of use  where each of us invested at least an hour a day to learning the phone,  we both find it hard to control,  hard to find things and have difficulty answering calls in time.It doesn't make a difference how amazing the features are on a phone if it doesn't perform its basic function properlyIf you want to spend your time on the help forums figuring out how to troubleshoot its problems you might not mind these drawbacks.  I have other things to do.Update:  Camera stopped working again.  I will be taking it back to Best Buy today

I love this phone!  It is my first smartphone and using it is a blast.  It seems to do everything a smartphone should do and do it quickly.  The ONLY downfall is the lack of battery life, but I thankfully read all the prior reviews and ordered and extra battery and additional charger so that I will never be without life.  I would highly recommend this phone.  Take advantage of Verizon's free 4G for the price of 2G while it lasts!  I will probably never be in a 4G area to utilize that feature of the Thunderbolt, but recieving double the G's made it worth the purchase. FYI,Amazon was $50 cheaper than Verizon and also had many of the OEM accessories for CHEAP!

GOT THIS PHONE FRIDAY, IT LOOKS AND FEELS GREAT. THE SCREEN IS GORGEOUS AND THE PHONE ITSELF IS THIN. THE SPEED IS FASTER THAN MY QUAD CORE SSD HARD DRIVE COMPUTER HOT WIRED TO THE INTERNET!!!!!!IT IS A PHONE, MOVIE PLAYER, GPS ( NAVIGATION APP WORKS WITH GOOGLE MAPS FOR FREE), CAR FINDER, FLASHLIGHT, VIDEO CAMERA, REGULAR CAMERA AND MORE!!LOVE THE PHONE KILLS THE IPHONE EASILY!!!

I've had this phone for about 8 months now and I love it. I have loaded it up with stupid apps and poorly taken pictures and no matter what i do to it it still works. the only complaint i could have is the stock battery is far to underpowered and dies quickly, this however can easily be rectified withExtended Battery/Door for HTC Thunderbolt (Black)I purchased a similar battery (2750mAh) lasts all day and runs just fine.

As a previous iPhone 4 user, I would say I was apple brainwashed (or is it "applewashed"?) and thought the iPhone was the only smartphone worth considering. Well, the iPhone truly is a great phone, but a combination of AT&T;'s miserable service - including 5-10 dropped calls a day on average and terrible reception otherwise - the iPhone was often rendered a $700 smart paperweight unless WiFi was accessible. So why not get an iPhone 4 with Verizon you say? Well, after hearing about Verizon's new LTE network and the new HTC Thunderbolt I decided to take the plunge into Android for a change of pace.I will not talk much about Android itself, well, because this isn't a review of Android. However, I will say that I really like HTC's Sense overlay and the level of customization that is possible. HTC's platform and the Android GUI's feature set is impressive compared to the iPhone's cut and dry. I love the widgets and having instant access to a bunch of useful information on the home screen.So about the phone. The phone is substantially bigger if you are used to the iPhone. The size alone might rule this phone out for some people. It works out well for me since I have bigger hands and felt myself squinting at the iPhone screen. Reading and viewing text is made a very pleasurable experience on the Thunderbolt given the screen size. In terms of data speed, the phone is blisteringly fast when on Verizon's 4G. The speed of the GUI is smooth, albeit not as smooth as the iPhone 4. For example, when scrolling amongst apps, it's just not as fluid. It's not a deal breaker by any stretch and perhaps they might tweak this a bit in future OS revisions.In terms of style, where the iPhone 4 is svelte, the Thunderbolt seems "all business". The case itself is robust and hefty but the material is actually a bit slippery - a good reason to opt for a rubberized cover of some sort.  Nonetheless, it does feel good in the hand and quality made. I'd say the touch responsiveness with the capacitive screen is near equal to the iPhone's.The camera is a downgrade from the iPhone 4 but is still passable. For me this really wasn't a big deal since I have this incredible invention called a digital camera for high quality photos.The stock battery life is not as good as the iPhone, but it's also not bad at all for average use in my experience. Unless you are simultaneously streaming your HD soap opera over 4G, syncing 30 apps, playing Angry Birds, and listening to music through your bluetooth headphones, you'll probably find that the battery life is satisfactory. That being said, the iPhone 4 vs. HTC TBolt battery comparison is not truly apples to apples one (no pun intended) because the screen is so much larger on the HTC and it's running 4G. But guess what: you can actually replace the battery yourself without sacrificing your phone to Apple, and furthermore, you can replace the battery with an extended one if you need it. What luxury.So there you have it. Coming from the iPhone 4 I feel like I made a great upgrade, and I am no longer having my blood sucked by AT&T.; While both phones are without a doubt superb, my preference is for the HTC. Faster and better things will surely come down the pipe like they always do, but this is a great phone for the here and now.-UPDATE - APR 28 -I just wanted to post a quick update on my experience with the Thunderbolt thus far. I still am very pleased with the phone, and I find it cumbersome when I go back to using my girlfriend's Iphone 4. I've grown accustomed to the bigger screen size (which I think it's just about perfect).It does seem like the phone has some issues switching amongst the 3G/4G radios and I hope HTC will release an update soon. For instance, at times it seems like the handoff isn't smooth and apps like Pandora will skip momentarily. I also find it annoying that certain apps (such as the internet) won't transfer data when on basic 1X service like the iPhone would (albeit super slowly which is expected). Perhaps this is also something that could be addressed.I would like to make one suggestion and recommend purchasing the aftermarket charger/battery options provided by Seidio if you find yourself draining the battery. They have a nice battery charger that will allow you to charge your spare and your phone at the same time - which is great for those days when you use the phone more and need the extra juice. I don't often need to change the battery during the day but on the weekends it's nice to have the spare.

Previous iphone3 owner. Looking for an upgrade.Love my HTC thunderbolt.Pro: Fast processor and response. Crystal clean screen. Friendly Sense user interface.4.3" screen size is just right size for browning internet and reading news. BEAUTIFUL and QUALITY BUILD, "No plasticy feeling".  No quality issue at all. Options for me to choose between 4G and 3G. Automatic word wrap when zoom in.  Nice kickstand feature for watching media.Con: Average call quality (compared with Apple iphon4). Average battery life for 4G use.Updates After 2 Weeks use..........................No regrets for buying this phone. I love it again.

I've had my Thunderbolt for over a year, and love it.  True, the battery life is less than stellar, especially if using 4G, so I purchased an extended battery through Amazon, and with this new battery the phone easily lasts all day.  The phone is a bit heavier with the extended battery, but I don't mind that so much.  When I'm not using the phone as much I put the original, more lightweight battery back in.  The only problems I've had with the phone have ultimately been user issues - not using settings correctly, etc.  The large screen is so nice, and the 4G speeds are awesome.  I love my phone, and hope it will last me a long time.

Hi- I got the thunderbolt about a week and half ago. I really like the phone.  I keep on trying to find fault with it but once I do and compare it to others I'm glad I got the thunderbolt.As far as the rebooting issue is concerned I updated my phone when I first got it and I didn't have a reboot issue. But I did have somthing else a voice reconition problem and a GPS problem.  I called HTC and I was told to pull the battery and also uninstall the voice search update I did and I'm not having a problem anymore.  The one thing I found out was by uninstalling the update I can't give it commands like I should have been able to with the update.  I downloaded another app and now I have voice command.  no biggie.  My GPS works fine now.I am having another problem I live right on the border of 4G and 3G.  I'm also on the third floor. My phone does switch from 4G to 3 G and vice versa  "only at home" and while it is switching I am getting disconnected.  The fix for that was to download an app that would allow me to enter the hidden menu (or dial the code myself) and set the phone on 3G only or 4G only with CDMA.  that works fine for me at home so I can play online connect 4 LOL.  While I'm out I am going into 3G/4G territory and my calls (while I'm on the phone stay intact.  I called HTC and I called Verizon they both said that when you are swtiching from 3G to 4G territory it will disconnect. I also went into the store and asked the manager if I got another manufacture will I experience this problem he said yes.  it's not the phones it's the way the netowrk is now.  hopefully in in 6-8 months the network will be better.  In the mean time i have a workaround and i'm not bothered by it.The phone does not lag, it's fast, the games play great on it the screen is very responsive. The call quality is very good.  The bar might prject a weak singal but I have not dropped or had a problem with any call.  I've used this phone in my elevator, in the back of walmart, in the bathroom of walmart, in my house.  One place I did drop a call was in the bathroom in the Hiltion Hotel on A1A in Fort Lauderdale Florida but on that strip no singnal is strong for any carrier and I was in a steel building.  I'd like to say though it worked in the loby.I have tested this phone out more so against the LG Revolution almost like everyday.  But I have tested it against the Droid Charge.  Let me put it this way-Against the Charge this phone kicked A--.  All I did on the charge was download a game called metor lite (which is like breakout) and the charge couldn't handle it.  the ball was going real slow and studding.  So that ended that.As far as the LG revolution.  At times the revolution was faster then the thunderbolt.  but at times I'd have to push the application icon a few times for it to launch.  that kind of turned me off because what would have happened after I loaded a bunch of apps on?  I also noticed that the icons were loaded into catagory and it was taking me a long time for me to find things.  I also noticed the color was washed out.  a little.  One thing I liked about the revolution better than the bolt was when I was on the lowest resoultion on the camcorder the picture was better "at that resolution"  In other words to use your camcorder to send a text and a very low pixel rate on the thunderbolt was one of the worst I've ever seen.  I use to have a droid X and that was ok also.  I tested my bolt against another one in the store with using a cam at the lowest resolution and the same thing happened. As far as other pictures or higher resolution is concerned the camera is fine.The Lg has Netflix and I was really upset at the fact the thunderbolt can't get that. Let's hope for in the future netflix will be on the bolt.  From what I read on the web there might be an issue with the verson of the processor the bolt because of the DRM protection. Then some other sites say the processor is ok. Go figure. Just remember it's a phone not a movie theather thats what I have to put in my head.  What I also thought about is when I'm working when will I have time to watch netflix.Overall I really like the phone.  Yes there a few bug's in the network and maybe on the phone.  If you happen to get a phone that doesn't reboot keep it.  I like it.

I tried my phone for a month only to find out I only had 14 days. Since then I've found more and more things I do not like about this phone. I've tried really hard to not make a big deal about it-- it's just a phone-- but whoever designed the thing was on crack. My favorite feature by far is the built in kickstand. Every phone should have one. But the designers put the speaker behind the kickstand so your music, if you aren't listening to it with headphones, is completely garbled. I also have the problem that if I try to skip a song and a text comes in simultaneously, the sound goes out completely. You can't restart the phone, or just try to restart the music-- you have to get a text again FROM THE SAME PERSON. I don't even understand how that hiccup even works like that but it is a huge frustration for me.The battery life, of course, is the worst thing of all. Not to mention the design of the screen-- the phone button is at the bottom of the screen by the back key and I've accidentally made about 1,000 calls a month until I discovered the App Lock app. Thank god for that.4G is noticeably faster than 3G-- I'll give them that-- but I don't have 4G around my house and anywhere I really need it, I have access to wifi. That's not a make or break thing for me.I would definitely recommend looking around before settling on this phone. I honestly have never been so disappointed with a smart phone before.

This is my 1st smartphone, I wanted to wait for the 4G network to come out before I upgraded and against my better judgment jumped on the Thunderbolt bandwagon.  I'm coming from an LG Touch so ANYTHING is an improvement over that junk... I've gone through 4 replacement phones but hey, that's what I pay insurance for.The Thunderbolt is a vast improvement over my previous phone but I have to say the battery life is the worst I've ever seen.  As much as I love the "Pros" of the phone the battery life is unforgivable.  There is WAY too much customizing to get better battery life & that doesn't always work; screen at &lt; 30%, no wifi, no bluetooth, no gps & no 4g and I can barely get to 8 hours without completely dying.  I read the release date for the phone had been pushed back several time in order to address the battery.... it should've been pushed back again!  Who ever designed this phone must have wanted the phone to fail.  For whatever reason the ever-so-advertised kickstand blocks the speaker, the rocker for the volume is way too sensitive (I find myself turning the volume up or down by accident a lot) & I'll never understand the decision to put the port for charger on the side making it impossible to us the kickstand while charging the phone.  If you plan on watching a movie don't stream it or watch it on youtube cause if you do your battery will die before the movie is over.  Lastly, the un-removable apps... Bitbop, Blockbuster, Footprints, Friend Stream, Let's Golf, Peep, Rhapsody, Rock Band, Stocks, Twitter, V CAST Media & VZ Navigator not only cannot be removed they also add to the battery draining since they always seem to be running (if you open up Advance Task Killer you'll ALWAYS see them listed).Now that I got the "Cons" out of the way.... I LOVE the weight of this phone, it feels really solid not cheap.  The camera is amazing just be sure to check your settings before using it (my 1st few pics were grainy until I saw that my settings were low).  The Apps are wonderful, like I said earlier I came from using the LG Touch.  The screen is beautiful... you won't see it on a sunny day but it is vivid, bright (if you don't mind sacrificing the battery) and large (4.3 is a lot of screen)!  The music on it sounds as good as my ipod or zune (as long as I'm using headset, it would probably be good with them if the kickstand wasn't covering the speaker!!!!).  And of course the 4G (which is more with the network than the phone) is super fast!  My max down/up load speeds are 18.44Mbps down/ 39.28Mbps UP with 2-3 4G bars of signal strength.All-in-all, if you're a person that's into having the latest & greatest this phone is for you, it definitely will not disappoint.  If you don't mind buying the extended battery and bumping the weight up to a "blunt object" status, this phone is for you.  If you on the fence like I was on launch day wait.... it's not worth it for the battery alone.  Hopefully they'll address the issue and get an upgrade out, a better battery or both if not this month & next month they''ll be a lot more 4G options to choose from.

Just a few things:1) Love the phone - in my house in Phoenix I was getting 227kbps download speeds on Verizon on my Droid X, now I'm getting 5900kpbs download speeds in the morning and around 19,500kbps speeds late at night.  That's 25 to 85 times faster.  It's amazing.2) Speaker is good, could still be better.3) NO STRAP HOLE for me to attach a wrist strap... fail! fail! fail!  I ended up using a wii-mote strap and just looping it through the headphone jack hole - it totally works, but I'm still going to have someone drill a small hole in the corner of the case to make it so that the strap is on the corner closest to where I use the phone.4) Kickstand is AWESOME, but yet another failure in design - with the phone plugged in, the phone cannot sit on the kickstand!  This is a major fail.  I'll try to submit pics above.  The kickstand should also work to hold the phone in portrait mode, just my two cents.5) Battery life - they should have made it double the battery storage by making the phone 1/8" thicker, and 1/8" wider and 1/8" deeper.  And the back covers of all phones should be solar.  And if you want to get really crazy, turn that kickstand into a crank so you can just crank-charge your battery in a few minutes... now that'd be awesome.6) Those are my only issues.  The 4G speeds are AMAZING... the benchmarks on this phone put it 20-25% faster than my droid x as far as processor speed.  But that's not what matters - what matters is that amazing 4G speed.  One day soon I will drop cable-internet at my home, just like I drop-kicked home service to the curb and never looked back.  Next to boot out of my house: cable tv / satellite TV - soon my bills will be lower than ever before in my life!Ben

*The battery life really isn't that bad. It's typical of smartphones these days to necessitate a nightly charge. Just be mindful of the background apps running that you may not be aware of and you'll be fine.*The bloatware on this phone is rather annoying however, I wish there was a legal way to get rid of all the crap apps.*4G is amazingly fast. Love it! Everything downloads in seconds.*The screen is big and bright and I'm loving HTC sense. It's the best skin out of them all. Motorblur sucks.

The phone has nice features and I can even deal with the lousy battery life, however, I am having a serious issue with the phone.The phone is overheating when idle or recharging.  The entire phone (from end to end) becomes searingly hot.It could be the battery, however, I haven't seen any solutions for the issue.  I am not sure replacing the battery will fix it or the entire phone has to be replaced.I have had the phone for less than 2 weeks now and it have overheated at least 5 times.  One time I plugged the phone in to recharge overnight and woke up to find the phone very hot and not responding to the pressing of the power button.It did finally respond when I removed the battery and reinserted it.I am new to smartphones, however, if there is one thing I know is that phones that are hot to the touch cannot be good to the user or the device itself.

This phone is absolutely unusable due to the battery issues. I live and work in NYC, and I'm lucky to get 3 hours out of the phone with light usage (checking sports scores, and Gmail). If I use the phone or Web browser for any length of time, the battery life goes to around 1-2 hours.I've resorted to carrying a charger in my briefcase, and if I'm not in my office, I'm always looking for a place to plug in and charge. This becomes a hassle when I'm at meetings in remote offices and I'm looking for a plug so the phone can be used.I've never had a phone die so quickly - I've installed paid applications like "Juice Defender" which has given me maybe another 1/2 hour of charge. I've killed running applications, turned off bluetooth, disabled Wifi, etc.The phone is just a lemon....and a major inconvenience, as if I'm not able to charge for a few hours, I can count on the battery being completely dead.

I have had this phone for over a month. Verizon doesn't even still have it in the store. This phone overall is underrated. It first came out it was scrutinized for the battery issue. Here is the truth battery is not that great just like many smart phones. However if you have a battery saver like 2x battery, toggle 4g data you will be fine. I have a setting that my data turns off every time I put my screen to sleep. I get through a day easily. Yes I charge my phone every night but I did that with every phone I ever had. I came from a palm to this phone and I really enjoy it. It doesn't lag and I think the kick stand is the sweet. I don't understand why the got rid of that idea it is awesome. O yea it is getting ice crea sandwich as well. This phone will be fine for me for two years. I will order cheap batteries from amazon if I have too.

This is an average phone at best. Coming from an iPhone the TB feels cheap to the feel. It feels way too thick. The plastic parts flex a bit too much to feel any kind of quality. It doesn't do anything special in particular, it's not blazingly fast (mostly due to the lack of a duel core), it doesn't have a brilliant screen, it doesn't take 3d videos or the best 2d videos, the battery is horrendous. Without power management apps to help, plus additional chargers stored wherever you go, your battery will last 4-5 hours the most (with partial use and mostly on standby) If you load it with too many apps it will slow down. That's the second most annoying thing about the phone. I'll get to the most annoying thing last.Verizon bloat ware runs in the background contributing to the slowdown and battery life. Plus it has some glitches. It keeps nocking off the 4g network. Now thats sounds normal since it's a new network you may think, but it drops the 4g network and it doesn't go on the 3G network instantly or the edge network, how about no network. Somehow you can call out, but no Internet access. You have to go to the menu and uncheck networks check box off and on again, then the 4g reengages. The widgets for news, Facebook stop working at times not updating, you have to delete them and reengage them.Now the most annoying thing... The support from HTC and Verizon. What I mean by support is updates for glitches and improvements.. Perhaps I was spoiled with iPhone. They promised gingerbread to come when the phone came out. It's been five months still waiting. New HTC phones are coming out with gingerbread and HTC sense 3.0.  It seems they care less about the existing customers,  just the new ones. don't get me wrong they came out with an update after five months that fixed random reboot glitches, and improved network connection, that by the way increased network connection problems as I explained above. And no HTC sense 3.0 for thunderbolt at all, hardware not fast enough. The phone came out 5 months ago, and it cannot support the latest HTC software. Already became obsolete in five months.You do not have the phone update support you get with apple, new generation or old, everyone gets the updates and improvements. Plus the hardware will keep up with the software for at least the life of the contract. In other words I'm waiting for iPhone 5 to come out, and selling the thunderbolt, and yes with a big monitory loss..Who ever still wants a thunderbolt I recommend you root the phone to at least kill the bloat ware pluss put a proper ROM on it.

Decided to repost my review with some edits after spending more time with this phone.One thing I want to say up front is that this phone has replaced my Garmin GPS and my iPod.  The "Navigator" program is free and fantastic for turn-by-turn vocal directions and the 32 GB of storage holds my music library with room to spare.  The 4G connection also makes the internet extremely friendly to use.Battery life, though, is really really bad.  Bad like whoa.  It's the display.  It's a great display, but wow.  Every time I check, the display is the #1 power consumer by a huge margin.  On my friends' Droid phones, the display doesn't stand out nearly as much on the list of battery eaters.  Consequently, they can use their Droids for a day and a half and have half a battery.  I use mine for literally 2 hours and have half a battery.  In fact, it consumes so much power that if I leave the screen on while it's charging, it won't actually gain any ground.So my short advice is that if you get this phone, get power adapters.  I am keeping the phone, but it's plugged in almost all the time.  Luckily, the mini-USB cable it uses is common enough that I have several wall adapters from other devices that work for it, and I have a car adapter for it as well.So anyway, this is my first smart phone.  I avoided getting a smart phone for a long time. I went from "meh" to completely hooked in one day with this phone.I confess that I initially bought it to try my hand at developing smart phone apps. Apple's draconian methods and strict "Apple only" restrictions are going to make everyone suffer in the long run, just as the Apple/Mac brand desktop computer has suffered relative to Windows machines in terms of popularity, available applications and available hardware -- Apple is not a very friendly company and Does Not Play Well (or at all) With Others. They have their reasons, and maybe they aren't bad ones, but they're why I still use Windows and now, a Droid.4G:Check the charts for availability. It's sketchy where I am on the far outskirts of D.C. but the closer you go to a major city or major interstate corridor the more likely you are to get it. I get 4G at the office and I use my regular internet wifi at home. Don't have a wireless network at your house? Not a problem -- plug the Thunderbolt into the USB port of your computer and it will share your computer's internet connection. Anyway, if you do get 4G you'll note it's blazingly fast compared to the 3G phones, which makes the internet a lot more practical. Web pages load up just as fast as they do on my home computer.(If you don't have 4G, the phone will use whatever is available but then, if you NEVER have 4G, you could just get a cheaper Droid... That said, I'm sure we'll see rapid expansion of 4G availability. It's gonna be huge. How can it not? It's kind of awesome.)Phone features:Awesome. Kickstand on the back of the phone lets it stand up on the bottom or side. There's a forward camera (for video conferencing or taking a picture of yourself) and a rear camera (for regular pictures/videos). There are 2 bright LEDs for taking pictures or just as a flashlight. Built in GPS, wifi and bluetooth. It can act as a "wifi hot spot", allowing you to get online with other devices. Standard earphone plugs. Mini-USB connection.No slide-out keyboard. Can't say I'm bothered by this, but just so you know. The keyboard appears on the screen when you need to type and you get a vibration feedback when you push a button, so it seems fine (note: for a larger keyboard, hold the phone sideways).  I was terrible with it at first but have greatly improved my typing speed after a couple weeks with it.It does come pre-loaded with applications but I don't see the problem here. It will annoy power users but most people will either not notice or actually appreciate that the basic things they want to do (like music, GPS navigation, messaging, email, internet, etc) are pre-loaded and ready to go.Bottom line, I'm really enjoying the phone. It's a true hand-held computer and it's really handy to have access to so many things, all integrated nicely into the phone. Facebook, YouTube, all the websites I often see other phones having problems with, etc. It's hard to find serious fault here other than the battery.  This thing is a beast.  It's powerful, and the battery is not nearly up to dealing with it.

i know this is not a review but i was wondering if this product comes with a 4g lte sim card ?

I've had this phone for about 9 months.  Overall, it's a good phone.  Larger than most phones, but I like that - for internet browsing or e-mail this phone and screen are the perfect size.  After researching my initial purchase, I was concerned about battery life.  However, this has turned out to be a non-issue. It does consume more power than my previous phones, but it does a lot more so that's to be expected.  I try to keep it charged when possible (at office, overnight).  Internet browsing and e-mail are very fast on 4G.  In fact, it's basically replaced my computer for e-mailing.There are a couple of annoying features.  First of all, I hate touchpads.  To date, I not worked with a touchpad that wasn't completely aggravating to type on, and this pad is no exception.  Typing in the landscaping position helps somewhat, but I'd rather have keys.  I've also found that it can be easy to dial wrong numbers and send texts to unintended receipiants - sometimes this happens when scrolling through names or old texts.  This can be very annoying and embarassing.  May be due to my clumsiness, but the touchpad sensitivety doesn't help.  I now carefully check texts, etc. before sending.  I also found the spell check extremely annoying, and removed that feature in short order.  Phone quality is OK, not great.Finally, I purchased through Verizon, which I'm very happy with - good reception throughout most of the places I travel in the U.S.

This phone is great. However, it is pointless to have a great phone when your battery is dead in 3-4 hours. My Droid X could go a full day between charges, and that is with heavy use. The Thunderbolt is dead in 4 hours and the only thing I did on it was have a text conversation.This phone would be so awesome, but it's negated by the worst battery life ever. Yes, all smartphones don't have the best battery life, but this is not acceptable.The only other negatives are that I cannot turn off the 4g, which is most likely what is causing the battery life issue, and the TB also heats up very easily.A friend told me that the heating up and the battery life are somewhat trademark issues for HTC (this is the first HTC phone I've owned). However, these issues seem to be common sense things that could be easily resolved. For example, why couldn't HTC use a bigger battery, say 1900MAH?Common sense would tell you that 1400MAH is not going to work with a 4g device.

I switch from the original Droid which I loved to the Thunderbolt. I spent 2 hours on the phone with Verizon on Mon when I got the phone and then spent 2 hours in store on Tues with Verizon to get the Thunderbolt activated. They told me on the phone, I blew the sim card following Amazonwireless.com directions for activation. The store told me that wasn't true although they didn't seem to know where the difficulty was coming from. I began to wonder if I made a mistake but I believe the problem lies with the network and not having the 4G in my area yet, not the phone itself. Over all the more I play with the phone the more I like the phone. Unfortunately the cons list is short but rather irritating to me and the way I use my phone.If you use a bluetooth and not a wired headset then this phone is awesome.Pros: -much faster for running apps although I don't have a 4g network here the internet is about the same-smooth interface took a little learning time not much though-Love the fact it's a bigger screen- Not missing the keyboard at all-Really like most of HTC widget selection-speaker is great when standing on a hard surface using the kickstandcons:-HTC requires an adapter to talk with a headset(that ridiculous in my opinion)this caused my biggest  complaint because now I have another small cord to keep track of just to use my phone with a headset or to plug it into my car stereo, if you use bluetooth this isn't an issue.-The alert sounds are not as loud so I miss messages all the time-Annoyed that the Google calender has to run through a HTC widget that I don't like-Battery life seems to be a minor issue (but it is a new phone so I'm on it constantly)

My blackberry died and it was time to upgrade. I wanted something Android and fast, and this phone looked promising. I wait a week with no phone, just because I wanted the Thunderbolt over another phone.But, my Thunderbolt battery lasts 4.5 hours, with little use, even with brightness set to 19%, timeout to 15 seconds and all the cool friend streaming features turned off. The phone says it has 40gb of memory, but so much stuff comes pre-installed, non-deletable, that you have much less to use. Some of the apps (Blockbuster) constantly scan your location, really draining the battery. And you can't delete that. You can, however, "download and update it" so you can turn that feature off. Yes, you can root the phone, and delete it, but that voids the warranty and the battery will still be woefully underpowered.My mobile phone isn't so mobile when I need to carry a charger around. I would hopefully wait for an upgrade, but according to the blogs, that doesn't seem like an immediate priority. That, coupled with the fact that this phone was originally delayed because of battery issues, implies there are deep-rooted issues and it doesn't seem like there will be a fix anytime soon.Any of the awesome features this phone has are overshadowed by fundamental problems. It's fast, it can internet and phone at the same time, it has a lot of memory - none of it matters when the phone can't act like a phone more than 4 hours at a time.

I love this phone, it's perfect for me.  Verizon's 4G LTE speeds are blazing fast.  I am averaging 25 Mbps downloads and 4 Mbps uploads.  That's amazing.  I love the big 4.3 inch screen, although it doesn't look so great in strong sunlight (most phones don't).  The iPhone has a much better screen for viewing outdoors, but even it suffers from strong sunlight, and the screen is so small!  At any rate, you can do just about anything on this phone.  It has an enormous amount of memory, 40 GB out of the box, but some of that memory is taken up by tons of bloatware that verizon pre-loaded.  It's not a big deal to me since I will never use 1/2 the memory that this thing comes with.  The internet browsing is second to none - web pages load fast and can be quickly sized for easy reading.  E-mail is easy to read and looks great.  There are TONS of apps and widgets in the Android market.  There is no "lag" when moving between screens and video games load fast. A downside is that when you live in a 4G LTE area the battery life is not so good (10-14 hours).  Not a big deal for me since I am rarely away from a charger or computer and I have a spare battery for travel.  It's not a phone for people who need long battery life, a compact phone, or don't want to mess around with learning about the Android operating software.  Oh yeah - it comes loaded with navigation software and has a GPS!  Say goodbye to your Garmin or TomTom, this thing works better.  Turn by turn directions with street names.  You can just say the address after pushing the "voice search" button and off you go.  So cool.  Did I mention I love the phone?  Amazon was great also - phone arrived fast and all I had to do was call Verizon to activate the 4G SIM card.  Very cool.

Plain in simple I wanted to be a early adopter to the 4g network and for that I got burned don't purchase this phone unless you plan on rooting it and doing something useful with it.  Here are my complaints and I seem to have to same problems as many others, First problem and most annoying is the SMS feature is always crashing whenever you select a message the txt message app crashes and says try again the only fix is a reboot of your phone which takes about 5 good minutes and even then give it an hour and your having a major problem with your phone. 2. Next issue when you are able to send text messages and your right a message to a person when you push send the message copy's over to another contact and sends it to them.  I have had to many people asking me what I was talking about and when you use your phone for texting info between employees and your boss things can get very messy with that real quick. 4. Reboots every now and then the phone simply reboots or shuts down with now explanation. 5. Connectivity seriously for a company sporting that 4g is the best it sure does goes down quite a bit.6. When there issues when the phone first came out Verizon and HTC seemed to look into and take care of it now they simply don't care. I got locked into a new 2 year contract for a phone that simply doesn't work.  When your pay a premium of 300 bucks for a new phone which is suppose to be there flagship 4g device you expect better and your don't get it. I'm done with HTC  I am moving over to Samsung and Verizon I think I may just spend the money to cancel my contract haven't decided that yet.

I've had this phone for a few months and have been through all the ups and downs with it.  Won't belabor a lot of the points made in prior reviews.  I like the big screen and features.  Is pretty fast when it does use 4G, but still fast with 3G.  Call reception is clear and have minimal drops.  It does freeze at times and will crash and reboot which can be irritating but I haven't experienced an excessive amount of problems with these issues.  There are issues with texting in that it can be less responsive at times and open another text conversation though I selected another and assume it's the phone as I never had this problem with other devices.  The major disappointment is the battery life.  Even being on standby and sending the occasional text, the battery life is good for about 4 hours, necessitating the need to carry a charging cord with me at all times.Overall, this could have been a very good to great phone.  I can put up with the glitches, but the low battery life makes this a deal breaker and I would recommend looking for an alternative Android phone.  It would be nice if HTC/Verizon came out with a new version that deals with the major issues and either replace or give a deep discount to those who bought this version.

I bought this phone to upgrade from the Droid Incredible and was very excited to receive the Thunderbolt. That excitement lasted only for a few weeks. Now, I know many people are bashing this phone due to battery life, but I think they are exaggerating or since they just got it, used it for 4 or 5 hours straight with wifi, gps, 4G, etc. on so of course the battery drained. That being said, battery life really isn't that great, although most days I can go from about 8am to 5 or 6 pm with moderate use.The biggest problems I have with this phone are all the bugs and annoyances with the software. First off, my phone will reboot itself at least once a day. One day it reboot itself 3 times between 8am and 10am, then twice again in the afternoon. This is unacceptable for a phone of this price (or any phone for that matter).The next problem is that the gps takes forever to find a signal. With my Incredible, I would go to maps, enter an address and within 10 or 15 seconds the voice activated nav would begin. With the Thunderbolt, the fastest I've ever gotten signal has been about 3 minutes, with most of the time having to wait over 5 minutes. Again, unacceptable.Then there are the things like accessing the notifications tray. I swipe to bring it down, and it will take about 5 seconds before it finally does come down. This usually only happens the first time I unlock the phone and then it works fine. But sometimes the only reason I unlock it is to see a new notification I received and it's very frustrating that there is so much lag.Finally, the big problem I have is the constant freezing. It doesn't freeze to the point where I have to do a hard reset, but it will freeze for 20-30 seconds so I just have to wait on it. This happens every time I download an app, after it installs, the phone freezes. yesterday, I was trying to make a phone call but every time I pressed the "call" button the screen turned black and nothing happened until I pushed the "home" button.Oh yea, and one more thing I almost forgot that's also a big one. I used to have 3G every where I went near my house. I would Never go down to 1X. Now, if whenever I drop my 4G connection, it will drop down to 1X, it will never go to 3G. That wouldn't be a problem except that their 4G network isn't really all that great yet and 1X is almost useless.I bought this phone having no doubts I was going to love it. And while I did for the first few weeks, I soon realized that the issues associated with this phone are way too many and way too big. Supposedly it is getting the upgrade to Android 2.3 (gingerbread) at the end of this month and included are fixes for some of the problems I stated. Whenever I do receive that update, I will come back and revise my review. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because when the phone does work, it's a hell of a phone. Too bad there are so many issues plaguing this phone...

I bought this phone for myself and my wife. We couldn't believe how terrible it is! The problems we noticed were these:1. Ringtone problems - No matter what my default or personalized ringtones are, whenever my phone rings a random ringtone plays2. Video play issues - some video is stretched, sound continues but video freezes, including netflix3. Phone screen goes black when the phone rings, so there's no way to answer the call4. Data connection drops randomly, so I can't connect to send email or anything else5. Text messages got diverted to other people, random contacts from my contact listI even sent the phones off for repair (which took a month and I didn't get a replacement in the mean time!). When the phones came back the company said there were no issues found!I've even spoken to Verizon employees that say they won't sell this anymore because customers always come back with complaints about it.This is the only review I've ever written on Amazon, and I'm writing it because of my strong feelings that I was ripped off! This phone is JUNK!

This is a review of the Thunderbolt as a device not the network.Pros:-The larger screen makes a HUGE difference, specially when it comes to typing.-The battery life is about one day of regular use.Cons:-Other than 4G and the larger screen, this phone is surprisingly one the most mediocre models to ever come out from the HTC factory.-The back speaker (speakerphone) is tiny sounding, prone to distortion and mediocre, I am amazed that no one has mentioned this problem on their reviews online. I was so taken aback by the awful audio that I went to Verizon Wireless in person and tried three different Thunderbolts, they ALL exhibited the same mediocre audio reproduction. This would not be such a big deal if they weren't marketing the phone as a "media consumption" device (with a kick stand and all) It does not help that the current version of Android does not offer a way to Equalize the sound, like an audio manager. Only when you are using the "Music" app you can turn on a hidden menu that would improve the playback of your mp3 songs via speaker.The equalizer does not work on any other source of audio including YouTube or phone calls.If you open the kick stand on the back you can see the cheap speaker hiding behind a metallic grid, this grid is probably the source of the distortion. Opening the kick stand increases the metallic distortion quite noticeably.If you already have the HTC Incredible a new Thunderbolt is going to feel like a downgrade, just wait until HTC makes a better phone (Bionic?). Ironically, the speakers on the competing 4G phones are similarly mediocre.

Good:The phone itself is pretty incredible.  Big clear screen, very responsive.  768M of memory is great.Bad:The biggest issue for me is the battery life as others have mentioned.  I turned off GPS, put screen at lowest brightness, etc, but still pretty bad battery life.  I could get the extended battery but pics of it shows how big it is (and the protective case won't cover it)The phone itself is pretty sizable.  I feel like I am carrying another wallet.The phone call volume is quite a bit lower than my old phone (Verizon Samsung).  It's clear enough indoors where it is quiet, but outside I have to concentrate to hear.Verizon loaded the phone with some crapware that you can not delete like the Blockbuster app.  Are they even in business?  They also included a bunch Verizon service apps that costs extra if you want to use them.  Visual voicemail should be free, not extra $3 a month.Conclusion:I love the Verizon network so I want to stay on it, but this phone's battery life will be bothersome.  At least with these new batteries you can just charge whenever you want without worrying about battery memory and so forth.  I am sure it will last the 2 years that I will use this device.  I am considering getting the extended battery but that seems huge, so I might just get multiple charges.BTW not all micro USB charger plugs are the same.  My iPad charger plug is 2.3 Amp while this phone's plug is 1 Amp so be sure you are using the correct amp plug.

You cannot use a wired hands-free headset with this phone.  This isn't just my phone.  I called HTC, and they said that this is a "known problem," and they have no idea if or when it will be fixed.  This is a defective product that Amazon should not be selling, at least not without clear disclaimers.

While it's got juice, this phone is really nice to use. I find it to be quick and responsive, and I like HTC's sense UI much better than Motorola's Motoblur. It comes with 8GB internal space and a 32GB micro SD card, so there's a ton of storage space. But as pretty much everyone else has mentioned, the battery life is crippling.I work in New Haven, CT, and we received 4G LTE about a week ago as of the writing of this review. My phone went from having just enough juice to get through a business day, to not even close. The battery life on the Thunderbolt was literally cut in half when they upgraded the network in my area. Is 4G fast? Yes it is, I went from getting roughly 1.4 Mbps down and .5 Mbps up (speedtest.net app) to 11 Mbps down and 4 Mbps up, a bit under 10x was I was getting before. But in my opinion, it's not worth it if I can only be away from a power outlet for 3-4 hours at a time.Pros: Good processor. Switching between tasks and web browsing is quick. Scrolling on web pages is also quite fast (some choppiness when there is much for flash content, but smooth otherwise). Great network speeds on LTE, solid on 3g as well. Nice sized screen.Cons: Battery life on 3G is bearable, on 4G it's pretty bad. Even with light use you'll only get 1/2 day of use out of this phone on 4G. Screen resolution is low compared to other new phones coming out right now. Comes with bloatware that cannot be uninstalled. Sorry but I'm not going to use the Blockbuster app on this phone, or a Rock Band demo, can I please uninstall them?Conclusion:  If I got 8 hours of battery life out of this phone, just enough to get through a business day, I would have given it 4 stars and would probably be quite happy with this phone for the next 2 years until my next upgrade. I am a week beyond when I can return this phone to Verizon, and if I wasn't, I would probably exchange it for something else.

This phone's really durable I dropped it a lot on gravel, on the floor, even dropped it in a lake once it still worked. I wish I liked it more but after a while it just got annoying, but that was probably all the problems I caused from damaging it. If you buy this phone I suggest getting a case for it right away, don't put it off at all because I kept on putting it off and now my phone completely broken.

Sure, it is a fast phone, BUT.... since the last update, my phone constantly reboots itself. I don't mean a couple times per day, I am talking about every 10 minutes!!!! I took it back to Verizon and asked them to fix the issue. They told me to back everything up, remove the sim chip and reset the phone to the originaly factory settings. So I did this. Now it is even worse!And because it is continuously rebooting itself, my battery gets all of 3 hours then I have to recharge my phone.I am beginning to think I have chosen the wrong phone.

First off, they don't tell you that verizon needs you to call and tell them your sim card number, otherwise the phone won't work. After an hour on the phone with verizon they were able to finally activate it. The phone was working fine for about 3 days, even though the battery lasted at most 4 hours. Then the internet stopped working. I called verizon and they guy told me that there were a bunch of phones that just are defective and don't work. Wait a few months until the new 4g phones come out. This is the worst phone I've ever had.Update: Amazon sent me a new phone and after 20 minutes the internet stopped working again. For over 3 days Verizon has done absolutely nothing to fix it.

Had this phone now for 1 yr and it sucks, sadly I have Verizon and I have to wait another year for upgrade. The 4G is not even 4G then it fluctuates No signal, 1x or 3G - it runs like it's running in mud, I try to upload photos on FB and it only works 1/2 the time, if I try 2-3 photos at a time, forget about it. Worst phone ever, Thunderbolt Lightning fast??? Not even CLOSE!

The short answer, it sucks most of the time. Takes very long to boot up, unresponsive at times when slecting various tasks, locks at times whereas you have to shut down and do cold boot, phone speaker quality very poor and not loud enough, battery life really bad, DLNA does not work,Verizon staff intructed to remove the battery once a week should clear up problems, are you kidding me! There was no mention of all of the above when you sold me on this piece of junk! Do your self a favor, buy something else.

Here is my review for HTC Thunderbolt. To put things in perspective, I was using Motorola Droid and the phone was dead after a system update and VZW qualified me to get a upgrade. So I was already familiar with Android OS. I never used an iPhone, so no comparison made with iPhone.Pros:-> The phone is slick, beautiful and lightweight. It fits into my trouser/shirt pocket easily, though on the Jeans trouser pocket it seems a little oversize, but not bad. Very easy to hold and use.-> The call quality is very good, I can hear the other side very clearly, which was always a problem with my earlier Moto Droid phone.-> I liked my Droid stock UI with Moto Droid, but I guess with time I will get used to Sense UI, which looks bright and clear.-> Mobile hotspot is a great feature on this phone. On NJTransit train while the train is actually running, I tried to use T-Bolt as Mobile Hotspot with my IPad (Wifi only). I ran a speedtest using speedtest.net app for IPad and found the speed to be varying between 7-8 Mbps downstream and 4-5 Mbps upstream. At home, the speed was higher.-> At work (New York city, midtown), the same test yielded similar (or slightly less) speed.-> 4G works very well at most of the places I have been(Central and North New Jersey and New York City) and falls back to 3G correctly, when 4G is not available (that happened to me in the South Jersey area).-> A big plus for me is that it had built-in FM Receiver, and comes with a FM Radio app. So, now I can use my phone to listen to the FM Radio, which I missed while I was not in my car. Only downside is that it uses headphone/ear bud cord as Antenna for signal, so you cannot listen to radio with built-in speaker-> Booting up speed is quiet fast and flawless.-> The camera, video recording and voice recording worked well. I did not find any issues with that yet.-> I tried to test the GPS feature by traveling a short distance from my home to a nearby location and that worked well. The Map search works well too. All these features can be used with or without voice command.29th March, 2011 - Update: After using it for more than weeks now and I am hooked into this phone. It is such pleasure for the things I do - like, reading Amazon Kindle book, using the Web Browser, playing games (I mostly play Angry Bird), and other regular apps. Also I started using this with my Toyota Camry in-car blue tooth and worked well and I tried the music player app, and it is far better than the earlier one. A new nice feature is that you can still stop playing a music, even though the phone screen is locked. With my earlier Motorola Droid (original), I had to unlock screen first to stop music player. This is a nice value add on this phone.Cons(the reasons which took away 1 star)-> Like all other reviews, battery life is a serious issue, but it can somewhat be tamed with turning off GPS and  auto-sync for everything which requires sync(like GMail, data backup, social networking, weather etc) and use auto-sync only for those things which require your constant attention (for me it is GMail). Also, you can turn off screen animation, vibration notification if possible to save battery life.Also, I am keeping brightness to lower side to save battery.-> The phone speaker for talking and music is on the lower side as one reviewer posted before. It is clear while inside a quiet room/hall, but outside in the street, it was difficult to listen to. I needed a headphone to talk. Similar issue with the speaker phone, but I guess if you use blue-tooth or headset, this should not be a problem.-> Kickstand works well both in Portrait and Landscape mode, but when in landscape mode with kickstand, the charger slot cannot be used - that is a design flaw as couple of reviewer noted earlier. Charger can be used with kickstand in portrait mode though, but you cannot watch a movie/youtube video on landscape mode and charge at the same time.-> Home screen and app screen does not auto-rotate. though most of the app including browser and GMail screen do auto-rotate.

I would have given it 5 stars if not for the battery.  Come on, who wants a phone with all features, and you can't use any of them because of the battery life!So many has mentioned about the Pros here.  It's a great phone with Verizon, except for the battery life.  I mean, with everything turned off (all fun features) except the phone in 4g, the battery drains within 3-4 hours.  And if you browse in midst of it for 1/2 hr, you're done with the battery.  I can't believe HTC didn't put enough testing into this.  You  buy a phone with awesome speed, performance, mobile hotspot, etc, and if you're lucky if you use less than 50% of the features the battery will last less than 2 hours.  I don't think anyone (esp. business folks) will be happy with it.  Now after I got to the store, they put some apps to automatically turn off apps, and toggle from 4g to 3g as needed.  I'm testing now with 3g.  If it doesn't work  I returned my Motorola Atrix from at&t; and jumped to thunderbolt in the last week.  Now that I'm thinking , if these don't fix the battery issue, I'll be promptly returning it to the store and go back to my Atrix (the only reason I switched to verizon on this phone is the 4g speeds).  At &t; is working on the 4g speeds , and if I get a phone and running on 3g I might as well go back.UPDATE (04/11/2011):  I found the battery issue.  Using 4G is the big culprit.  Although 4g is really lighting fast on this phone, it gouges battery like there's no tomorrow.  Once 4g was shut off and in 3g mode, the battery lasted for a whole day.  I now just turn on the 4g only when the speed is really needed.  Most time I'm on wifi.  I still love the phone.  I know people say , get the big battery 2400, but as it is the phone is big and heavy.  And I usually used to having my phones in my pocket.  But again, I can't excuse the manufacturer for not having a battery installed given it's power and performance.  I bumped the rating from 2 stars to three.  BTW, I used to browse with my girl friend's Iphone before.  Now after being used to the speed, navigation and bigger screen on this , Iphone feels like a little baby toy.  I get tired of browsing or using it within a minute.Update (06/04/2011) :  Bumped it to 4 stars from 3.  Love the phone.  Battery issue is there, but found workaround and ways to keep it all day.  Mostly sparingly use 4G (generally only needed if running mobile hotspot or doing some big downloads.  But then again, I don't do any big downloads unless I'm on wifi given the 4GB limit on the plan).  I run bluetooth, play music for hours, gps is always on and it doesn't drain battery as 4g does.  So no issues.  Now on and off I have reboot issues and I'm fairly sure, a bunch of crazy apps I'm downloading is causing issues. Nothing wrong with the phone or the OS.  Takes fa(u)ntastic pictures witht the 8mp camera, which also has nice zoom, so with the video.

After a month of use, I've just pulled the trigger, and I'm swapping this thing for a Droid Incredible 2.The Thunderbolt's battery use is atrocious and inexcuseable. I took my kid to an amusement park earlier this month. We arrived at 9:00 am. I took a few photos, texted them to my wife, checked Facebook a few times, and took one phone call. By 11:30 am, I had to change batteries. And this is on 3G--I was not in an LTE area.The killer though was the audio jack, which developed a loose connection after four weeks of very light use.For what was supposed to be such a great phone, I am sorely disappointed in the hardware of this phone.I'm going to miss the kickstand.

The Android operating system is integrated with the popular search engine and email provider Google. Google provides many services to its users and is the most popular search engine.This Android phone has multiples functions, options, and endless personalization capabilities.It is exceedingly easy to sync your phone to a computer or laptop to view, edit, or remove content from your micro SD storage card.The Android operating system is great because it can connect to a user's Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, or other social networking site.When the phone is connected to the user's Facebook account there is an option to import all the users Facebook friends to his or her phonebook.This phone has a very good camera. Actually, this phone has TWO cameras. One camera in the front for video chat, and one in the back that is 8 megapixels.All in all many people, including myself have come to the conclusion that Android phones are the best phones on the market. They offer endless possibilities and great functioning.This phone is a fantastic addition to the Android community and overall is a great phone.

I ordered the Thunderbolt on Friday, March 18...and then the talk about the awful battery life began.  I was then very apprehensive about the purchase and considered returning without even opening it up.  I'm glad that I decided to try it out because it is a great phone and I haven't had any battery issues.  I'm on 3G, not in a 4G area yet, and I've just gotten 24 hours out of a charge.  I haven't used the phone extensively...but did use it as my alarm clock this morning...make a 30 minute phone call...played two holes of golf on the sample game...spend about 30 minutes setting up the phone with my old apps/contacts/etc...  All in all, even if I only used the phone for 90 minutes and remained on standby for the rest of the time, I don't find this to be too shabby.

The good: This phone is very fast in loading apps, and switching around on the screens. 4G LTE is blazing fast when you get a good signal. The clarity from the ear speaker is great. I keep the volume at the lowest or one click up most of the time. I love the interface (HTC Sense) and the ability to customize. Android 2.2 is awesome!The bad: Some of the apps that are very popular in the Android community "Force Close" a lot. I am using a lot of recommended apps as well as name brand ones. The antenna in this phone strikes me as a little weak. Some times the GPS takes a while to locate me even when outside. I have pulled my phone out of the holster to check the weather to find out I am in Malaysia, Hawaii, or Brazil. I have never been to those places I am in South Florida. Also the signal jumps back and forth from 4g to 3g a lot. I have noticed that the auto dimming acts strange at times dimming and brightening while I am in the same spot.The ugly: The battery life is horrible! I bought the extended battery, and a car dock (Buy the dock made for this phone!). The phone will not fit the car dock with the extended battery and the extended battery is huge. I use the alternate battery when traveling.The ehh: The touch screen is very, very sensitive. Also I have jumped in my car with a full charge (stock battery) and put the phone on the dock to charge while running the GPS, and Pandora. When I shut all that down and removed the phone the battery was reading halfway discharged even though I was charging it the whole time. I've had some issues waiting to get my Jawbone Bluetooth to connect. And hey Verizon....... BRING ON GINGERBREAD!

I have been seriously disappointed with this phone, and really regret getting stuck with it when I could have got an iPhone for the same price.  I thought I would go against the trend and switch over to a droid.  Dumb.I was drawn to it because of the capabilities and specs- which were much better than the iphone.  BUT, this phone constantly crashes, has TERRIBLE battery life (if 4G is on, a fresh battery wont last through the day--even if you keep it on standby all day!).  The battery thing wouldn't be that big of a deal if my charge port didn't break.  Yes, a daily and necessary action almost rendered my phone useless- and Verizon won't do a damn thing about it.  I had to buy an external charger and transfer all my files through dropbox.Bad reception (I am in central Austin- I get 1-2 bars, none while in some buildings), inaccurate (as compared to the iphone) touch calibration, scratchable screen, I could go on, but you get the point.  I know there are issues and gripes about the iphone, but at least they make a quality product and bugs are addressed quickly.It looks like Verizon might be offering this phone for free?  That's about the only price I would pay for it.  I would even be wary of that, because this phone will not last the two years.  Buying this phone is one of the worst purchases I have ever made.I only gave this phone 2 stars because I know it technically has the capabilities of being an awesome device-- so it may work out for someone.  This phone almost made me decide to go back to a non-smart phone.

I waited eagerly for my contract for my BB to be up so I could upgrade to an I Phone.  The sales people at Verizon convinced me to wait for the new and wonderful 4G ThunderBolt which I did.  They convinced me that the ThunderBolt was a far more advanced and streamlined choice since it was 4G, had all these wonderful features.  I bought the phone with the extra battery attached and then had only two weeks to try and figure it out before returning it (if I didn't like it).  Too fast a turnaround.  Two major problems with the phone:  1)  Calling out using a bluetooth earpiece is a frustrating game, even with the most noise-filtering bluetooth and 2) Syncing with my MacBookPro is impossible!  I am hoping that the IPhone5 (or whatever model comes out at the end of my two year contract with the ThunderBolt) will be a better fit for my needs.

Been waiting months for this phone and now it's finally here. Let me start by saying Amazon really pulled through with a great deal. I was gonna get the phone from Verizon for 250, but I saw that Amazon had it for 175!!! I couldn't pass up that deal so I went for it. I ordered it on March 22 and Amazon said it was backordered 8 to 9 days. I didn't mind waiting since I saved 85 bucks. Turns out the phone came in early and and I had my phone shipped on March 24 and received it yesterday March 25.It's an awesome phone that has everything you need but I'm not gonna get to in to that stuff because I'm sure everyone here knows about it's features and such. I want to talk about battery life.All I have been hearing is about how horrible the battery is. Some people are only getting 2 to 3 hours and it's dead. Really??? What are you people doing to your phones? I let the phone charge overnight. I turned the phone on around 9 a.m. this morning. Did some web browsing, Youtube, downloaded some apps, played Abduction, made 2 phone calls, and did a whole lot of texting. It's now 6:15 and I have 20% battery left. That's 9 hours I got out of it on my first day. I'm in a 4G area too (NYC) so all those complaints about 4G killing your battery is mind-boggling to me.This is honestly the best phone I have ever had. HTC and Verizon have made a great device and Amazon is, as usual, is amazing with their service.

This is my third review of the Thunderbolt.  My first was after I had the phone for a few days and I wasn't too happy at that time that it wasn't a perfect replacement for my PDA.  Then I played with it for a few days, learned more about it, read the downloaded manual and issued a second review that called it "almost perfect".  And that was because, at that time, I didn't think there was a daily agenda app similar to the one on my PDA - and I wasn't happy with any I found on the app markets.  But, learning more and more every day, and exploring the widgets that came with the phone, I found that the calendar that comes with the phone gives you the option of viewing the calendar in a number of ways, including an agenda.  So, as a former user of both a cell phone and a PDA, I couldn't be happier with the Thunderbolt. It is becoming more and more perfect for my purposes every day.  And, the support provided by both Verizon and HTC, if you have problems or questions, is wonderful and from English speaking people in the U.S.  The battery hasn't been an issue with me and it seems to be improving with use day by day.  I rarely see it lower than 50 or 60% at the end of the day.I recently purchased the car dock and used the phone as a GPS just yesterday.  It is adequate to get you anywhere you want to go and actually displayed a picture of my home when I arrived there.  It won't replace my Garmin unit because it does so much more (like taking me via a gas saving route), but it's nice to know I have a backup if needed.I couldn't be happier with the unit.

the phone itself is great.  performs pretty well and the 4g is a plus.  the big downside is the battery life.  i usually go through two batteries a day.  I do use the phone a lot but my Droid X had much better battery life.

If you're looking for an honest review of the Thunderbolt (mind you, I've only had it a little less than 2 weeks at this point), please read on.First, a little background:  I've been a Verizon customer for years.  I previously had an LG Env2 for 3 years before buying the Thunderbolt.  Like a lot of you, I'm sure, I waited and waited and skipped over several releases of the iPhone (on AT&T;), desperately hoping for something equal or better on Verizon.  For better or worse, I stood my ground and kept on waiting for something on Verizon.  I was eligible for an upgrade about this time last year, but I never pulled the trigger on it for one reason or another.  I guess I just never found a phone that really made me want to spend the extra money for the data plan (although the Droid Incredible came close).  As soon as I heard that the LTE phones would start to roll out in early 2011, I knew I was waiting until that point to use my upgrade.That brings us to the present.  Dismayed a little by the continuous delays that plagued the release of the Thunderbolt, I waited patiently until the weekend following the release.  I told myself I was going to wait a little longer to see if there were any major problems.  I was a bit nervous on this purchase, just based on the rumors I'd been hearing about (and reading about) that delayed the Thunderbolt's release.  In the end, though, I decided I just couldn't wait any longer and I made the purchase.  My $50 upgrade credit (incidentally, the last time I'll be able to use one of those on Verizon, since they're doing away with the program) brought the price of the phone from $250 down to $200.  Initial set-up at the Verizon store was minimal and I was out the door fairly quickly.A few caveats here, before I dive into the guts of the review:1) I live on the East Coast, in Arlington, VA. I frequently travel up/down the I-95 corridor to NJ/NYC/CT/etc, where Verizon's 4G LTE signal is very strong.2) Even though this is my first Android phone, I'm quite familiar with the operating system (OS) since my fiancee has one (Droid Incredible) and my father has one (Droid X).  I've spent extensive time with both of those phones, so I have a pretty good reference point.So, the first thing everyone wants to know is, of course, about 4G.  (This is certainly the start of the "Pros" category, by the way.)  As I mentioned above, I spend most of my time on the East Coast in the mid-Atlantic region.  I've found the 4G signal to be excellent so far.  During a recent trip from Philly down to Arlington, VA, I had 4G signal a good majority of the time.  There were definitely spots in Northern Maryland and Delaware that didn't have 4G, but once I hit the outskirts of Baltimore, I had 4G signal pretty much the rest of the way south to Washington, DC.  Keep in mind, too, that the 4G LTE network (on this phone, anyway) is for DATA only.  It won't be until later this year or next year that Verizon starts to release phones that actually make phone calls over the 4G network.The 4G LTE network that Verizon has up and running is BLAZING fast.  I can't possibly overstate that in any way, shape, or form.  I have a Comcast cable modem at home that provides Wifi to my apartment.  The 4G speeds that I'm getting with LTE right now are FASTER than my home network.  And not even really that close, to be honest.  Verizon's 4G network is considerably faster than the Comcast cable modem.  How much faster you ask?  Take these numbers for instance (generated using the SpeedTest.net app from the Android app store):On my home Wifi: 2941 kbps DOWNLOAD, 1390 kbps UPLOADOn Verizon's LTE network: 5102 kbps DOWNLOAD, 21214 kbps UPLOADIn case your math is a little rusty, download speeds are almost twice as fast on the LTE network.  Upload speeds are 15+ times faster!  That's compared to a CABLE MODEM!  That's insanely fast, folks!!!  The big question, of course, is will those speeds continue to hold up as more folks jump on the LTE network?  I can't answer that question since I'm not a Verizon engineer.  I certainly hope so, that's for sure.  Verizon's network is their reputation, so I'm willing to bet that the speeds hold up fairly well.  And let's face it -- even if there is a *slight* downgrade in speed once more folks are on, it's still insanely fast for a cell phone.To go along with the network speeds, lets discuss the Mobile Hotspot on the phone.  You can connect up to 5 devices to the hotspot.  My understanding is that the mobile hotspot option is free on this phone through mid-May (roughly, don't quote me on this).  I tested it out this weekend, and it performed flawlessly using my MacBook.  Speeds were, again, outstanding.  I didn't run any numbers, but just browsing the Internet seemed considerably faster when connected to my phone (vs. the Cable Modem Wifi).  Definitely an awesome feature to be able to turn the phone into a mobile 4G LTE hotspot.  Am I going to use that feature after May when I have to pay extra?  I'm not sure, but it's certainly a great option to have for some folks.  I guess the answer will also depend on Verizon's pricing structure, whenever that fully emerges.The phone itself feels well put together.  Make no mistake about it: it's LARGE.  But it's not too large.  Personally, I think it's the perfect size for cell phone.  Screen size is the same as the Droid X at 4.3 inches, although the phone itself is smaller in profile and feels a lot nicer to hold than the Droid X.  It's great for any type of video, Google Nav, etc etc.  The list goes on, but the screen is big, bright, and beautiful.  Is it the latest and greatest screen technology out there?  I doubt it, but it certainly looks really good, I can tell you that much.That about does it for the PROS.  Now for the CONS.  Some of them are nitpicky, and some are not.  Some may be mixed with future updates, and others probably won't.First thing I noticed when I got the phone home: Verizon loads this thing with bloatware CRAP.  I don't know about you, but that really, REALLY annoys me.  Not so much that they put it on there, I understand that Verizon probably has marketing agreements with other companies (Blockbuster, for example).  I can live with that.  That's if they made the apps removable - they are not.  And that's what drives me absolutely crazy with this phone.  The only program that can be deleted from the device is CityID.  The others are baked into the ROM - meaning that even if you go though the procedures to delete them, guess what -- they're still there!  They don't go away!!  And there's nothing you can do to get rid of them, short of rooting the phone (which I'm not recommending).  To name a few:  Blockbuster, Bitbop, Amazon Kindle, Lets Golf 2, Peep, Rhapsody, Rock Band, Slacker, VCast Apps, VCast Media, and VZ Navigator.  Keep in mind that some of these apps run AUTOMATICALLY in the background (draining battery! which I'll get to in a minute).  If you didn't just read that list and say "Are you kidding me?!?!" then you're nuts.  I have a demo of Lets Golf 2 on my phone that I CAN'T DELETE because Verizon says so.  That is total crap, in my opinion, and a huge downside to this phone.  I'm okay with them pre-loading it on their phones - just don't put it in the ROM.  I literally hate that Verizon thinks you should have no choice on deleting some apps.  Huge minus for this phone.That leads me nicely into battery life.  Believe (most of) what you read.  It's more or less a disaster.  I'd like to tell you otherwise, believe me!  And it's even more annoying when you realize there are Verizon apps running in the background that you can't get rid of (or stop with a Task Killer program -- they pop right back up!).  If you run this phone on the 4G LTE network all day long, I'm here to tell you that it's HIGHLY unlikely you're even getting through the day without having to recharge.  I found that I average (so far) about 4-6 hours between charges.  And that is NOT with heavy use (streaming video, etc.).  That's with light-to-moderate use during the day (1 or 2 quick phone calls, checking Gmail and Facebook, etc).  If you read the reviews on here (and elsewhere - check on Verizon's own forums), you'll see people complaining of the same thing.  I really hope that Verizon will put out a software update to address this issue, as it's most certainly one of the phone's major problems.  Having said that, there are ways around the issue.  Using different apps from the app store (Phone Info is the one I use), you can force the phone to operate in 3G mode only.  That definitely helps batter life tremendously.  You can also download/purchase a "task killer" app to close out apps running (draining battery) in the background.  That also helps, but the biggest saver of the battery is forcing the phone into 3G only mode.  Which, for me, is quite frustrating.  Yeah, I'm saving on the battery life, but one of the MAIN REASONS I bought this phone to begin with is to access the 4G network.  So it doesn't do me much good to run it in 3G only mode, although I'm forced to do it right now because of the battery life.  It's frustrating, to say the least.  Is it something Verizon will fix in the near future?  Let's hope so.  Just be aware of this issue before you buy this phone (many of the rumors surrounding the delayed release of this phone centered on the problems with its battery life).Phone call quality is mediocre, at best.  When I think of a word to describe the call quality, what comes to mind is "meh".  That's really all I can say.  For a device this technologically superior, it's call quality should be fantastic.  It's NOT - it's just OK.  Both the Droid Incredible and the Droid X are *FAR* superior than this phone in that regard.  Why?  I don't really know.  If you read up on some of the newest Android phones (the Motorola Atrix on AT&T; for example), a lot of them are having problems with call quality.  Put the HTC Thunderbolt in that category too.  I haven't really had anyone complain, per se, but it's just not that great.  People sound very "tinny" on my end.  I agree with others: the uppermost volume setting is definitely not loud enough, either.  If you're in a really quiet room, it's fine, but good luck being able to hear anyone on a crowded city street.  Again, I hope we'll see a fix for this sooner than later through a software update.The camera on the phone is also just "OK".  It's really nothing great.  Yeah it's 8 megapixels, and yeah, it takes decent shots for a cell phone, but that's about all.  It's been covered in great detail by reviews elsewhere, and I haven't really used it too much yet, so I'm not going into great detail here.  I haven't been that impressed by it, at least not yet, but it's not awful either.  I haven't used the front camera for any video calls or anything like that yet, so I can't comment on it much.  It's 1.3 megapixels, that's about all I know.  I'm sure it's also mediocre.I think that about covers it, at least the main aspects of the phone, anyway.  I will edit/update this initial review as I spend more time with the phone.  Believe me, I *really* wanted this to be a 5-star phone, but it's honestly not.  It's probably more like a 3.5 star phone, but due to the sheer speed of Verizon's LTE network, I'll be generous and give it a half-star bump to 4-stars.  If Verizon can figure out the battery life problems and the call quality problems, it's definitely a 4.5 star phone (I'm keeping that other half-star reserved until Verizon decides not to kill the phone with bloatware!).It's definitely a good (but not great) entrance into the 4G/LTE arena for Verizon.  If you're going to buy the phone, temper your expectations a little.  That's the best advice I can give.  If you can stand to wait a few more months, I'd probably do so to see what's coming from Motorola, Samsung, LG, etc.I hope this review helped you make a reasonable decision on the phone.

This phone has been big time critisized for poor battery life and being bug ridden. Two weeks ago, I bought a "like new" TB, for more than the contract price, but a good deal. Sure enough, Verizon and HTC launched major updates last week. Both to firmware and software - bringing the phone up to Gingerbread. With the HTC extended battery I am now getting 2 solid days of use without charging. This is with a mix of moderate to heavy use - phone calls, texts, streaming music from Amazon, "a lot" of web surfing and sometimes a movie.  No doubt this phone is not as slim or "sexy" as the new phones hitting the market. It is a solid phone that Verizon and HTC have finally fixed.Update:  I can't express how this phone has been fixed by the HTC update. I have now gone back to the regular battery on normal business days. this would be about 2 hours wb surfing, 1 hour on phone, 15 emails and 50 texts.  I have noticed streaming audio drains the battery, but the HTC music player is much better, small sips.  Great 4g phone that you can get for a great price. I only wish verizon and its handset makers would release working phones and not make customers wait months for them to release updates that make the phones work as advertised.

I bought my Thunderbolt about a month after it came out. I was in love when I first saw it in the store when I went to see it before I had the money. I, like most people I'm sure, was comparing the Thunderbolt with the iPhone 4. In comparison - the Thunderbolt has the 4G LTE internet, which, frankly, blows even my cable internet out of the water; whereas the iPhone is still on 3G. Not that 3G is bad, but 4G is completely insane. Also, screen size. The Thunderbolt has an ENORMOUS screen and it is absolutely perfect for watching things on YouTube or movies you have loaded. Another big thing between the two for me was the App Store. On the iPhone all of the apps have to be approved by Apple, which means if it's any good, they're going to charge you for it. On the Android Market, there are endless lists of free apps - including Angry Birds. The Thunderbolt weighs more than most phones, but hey, it doesn't pull my pants down when it's in my pocket and that's all that matters to me!Now - like I said I got my Thunderbolt quick... I had it for 2 weeks and it kept making me force close Messages... I don't need to tell you how incredibly inconvenient that is... But, I went back to Verizon, they tried everything, and it was still force closing, so they gave me a new one. I had to re-download everything and it took approximately 45 seconds to download all of my apps - and I have over 50. Force closing messages is happening on my newer one as well - but I have found that it's because I have SO MANY MESSAGES in there! Once I delete everything, it's back to normal. BIG flaw, but it can be avoided by keeping your message inventory under 2000 (I text A LOT). That, folks, is really the only flaw I have noticed other than the very obvious battery life issue. It doesn't last long when in 4G, but frankly, I don't need it to be 4G constantly, so I just turn it to 3G when I'm not using it (that way I still get my email notifications and my Facebook notifications) by downloading "Phone Info by SC@Taiwan." You open the app, click on "Phone Information" and scroll down a bit until you see a drop-down that should read, "CDMA +LTE/EvDo auto." That means you have it set to 4G when it's available, but it switches to 3G when you're not in a 4G zone - automatically. Now, in order to set it on 3G only - even when 4G is available, you simply set it to, "CDMA auto (PRL)." That saves your battery a tremendous amount.On other reviews of this phone I noticed people having problems sending Multimedia Messages - I have not had this problem. Also, there IS a notification light behind the ear speaker that lights up when you get notifications. Since this is a first generation phone, it's going to have some flaws, but the perks are far more outweighing. I've noticed people complaining about apps coming pre-loaded to the phone... Yeah, they do come pre-loaded, BUT most of them are pretty useful (like Amazon Kindle), and it has so much memory - you'll never run out of space for your apps.The positives - The 4G is outstanding, like I said, it runs apps so smoothly it's ridiculous. It has enough speed and efficiency to be able to have a "Live Background" running at all times without making the phone lag - I did not have this option on my Motorola Droid I, it just slowed the phone down immensely. I get Facebook notifications immediately, most of the time as soon as it shows up on my computer - you can be logged in to both at the same time and your phone still receives the notifications. I thought that was nice. On my Moto, I never got my FB notifications. I get emails instantly, they send instantly, it's perfect.Another big perk - the keyboard is HUGE - and even if you DO make typos, 99% of the time, it knows EXACTLY what you meant and automatically corrects it. It also automatically inserts apostrophes when needed, and capitalizes names, states, cities, generally anything that needs capitalized. I love that because I don't use abbreviations when I text - so I do not know how well it works with abbreviations, but I would assume it is just as efficient. I've never had to text on a touch screen before and the flawlessness and accuracy of this keyboard is so amazing that I don't miss my keyboard at all.The camera - it takes a few seconds to focus, but when it does, you get amazing pictures. I went to the zoo about a week after I got my phone and my pictures were completely zoomed in and are crystal clear. I saw other reviews complaining about the camera - I for one love it. It also detects faces and focuses on them (I know this because it makes a small box around each face when it is focused). And it takes no time flat to download your pictures to Facebook.Overall - this is a FABULOUS phone, I couldn't ask for a more efficient and cool phone. People still like their iPhones, and that's cool... but once they see the 4G - they are SO jealous. (Trust me.) GREAT PHONE - buy one. They're kinda pricey - but like I've said before - totally 100% worth it.

Do not, whatever you do, buy this phone. I made a huge mistake being an early adopter. Both HTC and Verizon should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this. It's not even just the already much maligned battery life that's a problem. So many things don't work right on this phone, it should be recalled. And we don't even have a working update yet (the update apparently caused even more trouble than it solved... so I hear, I didn't even get mine.) Other issues: GPS takes forever to get a lock. Rebooting takes forever, and eats up about 5% of the battery right there.But here's the kicker. The only real reason to get this device is for the 4G, and even that doesn't work well. Yes, when you have a connection it's very fast. But it's amazing how often, in a supposedly covered area, it doesn't have it. And worse, even 3G isn't always there. So often I have nothing, no data. Sometimes a reboot fixes it (there goes 5% of my battery). Sometimes I just have to deal with it. What exactly am I paying 30 dollars a month for? If Verizon can't even deliver data, what good are they?Now I had an original Droid before this, which I loved except that it was too slow. That's the one area this phone excels over the Droid. In every other way the Droid was superior... better GPS, better battery and better 3G (great 3G, really.) Also it didn't have Sense, which is pretty lame.Well, obviously I'm an unhappy customer. Verizon should either give me an update that makes it work, or give me a new phone. Perhaps they don't feel they have to because there aren't many options (AT&T;?) and they have me locked in for a couple years. It's a sad state of affairs. Oh, well... big mistake on my part.

I had no idea what ROOTED meant until I bought this phone and SWEET JESUS! It means you install an Operating system that is not the stock Verizon Operating system and the new OS unleashes the true powers of your phone. Then it's one hell of a phone (with minor complaints). I bought my rooted scratch less phone off of ebay (used) for 250, then spent 100 box on accessories (Screen protectors burned half!). The $20 extended battery lasts me all day (7am-10pm) with about an hour of heavy use and zero charging. I could not be any happier with the upgrade from my Blackberry (with unlimited data which carried over).Pros:4G network with Verizon (12-17mbs in los angeles)Huge beautiful super LCD screen, perfect for watching shows late at night or reading kindle books or playing the latest games.Quality 8 MP camera(with quite a few opti),HD Video recording,front facing camera1MGH processor (super fast! no lag playing the latest games)40GIGs of MemoryTethers internet for free (when rooted)Gorilla GlassAwesome Apps (AndriodTV Primetime is my fav)Also a RadioCan browse internet, run apps when on calls.Amazing voice recognition system (usually no need for typing texts!)Has a BIOS like system manager(great for recovery and backup and installing newer Operating System)Cons:The touch screen keyboard gets getting used to for those of us without prior experience,no dedicated camera button,have to clean the screen (!),the need to be rooted (becomes a Pro when rooted!)Conclusion:In my opinion if you are reading this review at the end of 2011 and looking for the latest and greatest, you might wanna save yourself some money or a contract and get a clean used HTC thunderbolt (came out about six months ago) which not only matches Iphone4S and Samasung S2 in terms of power and functionality but surpasses both when considering the value (and Verizon 4G). I hope HTC keeps up the good work and good luck to you no matter which path...ehem.. phone.. you pick! :

I researched phones quite a bit before purchasing the HTC Thunderbolt.  It is a pretty amazing device that has cut my traditional PC usage by about 90%.  I purchased the HTC Thunderbolt even though I was originally concerned because of so many reviews slamming the battery life.  I've not experienced the bad battery life that others have reported as I usually can go two days on a charge.  That is two days of fairly constant usage.  I've only had a couple of days of heavy Internet usage, viewing movies, and playing games where I needed to charge at the end of the day.My phone area should be getting 4G service soon and I will be ready with my HTC Thunderbolt.  3G is adaquate but still I can't wait to see how 4G performs.My only complaint with my HTC Thunderbolt is with the location services.  I'm not sure if it is the phone or Verizon but my phone frequently has me located in Philadelphia or 30-40 miles away from my real location.  This is a bit bothersome and I'll keep working on it to see if I can get it fixed.

I have Owned a lot of phones but this one moves so fast it's like it anticipates you every move, never ever seen anything this fast. My daughter just updated the same time I did 2 weeks ago and got a new Apple Iphone 4 she loves it. There is no comparison it's like the the race between the Tortuos and the Hare but in this case the Hare is no where to be see ever again. Both phones are on the same Network, Same Full Bars the Thunderbolt runs double circles around the Iphone.The only way this Phone could respond any faster would be for it to operate by itself. I have owned Sony phones back in the day when the jog wheel was so cool 10 different Nokia phones and several others but HTC with this phone cannot be Beat in combination with Verizon. Love It & Love my Amazon.Thanks Amazon Wireless

This is a 4.5* review.  Since there are enough comprehensive reviews already, I will not repeat what other people have said but will focus on two things that I found particularly useful to make this phone work well:1. Battery conservation2. Desktop spaceI know I said I wouldn't repeat what other people had said, but I just can't help saying "I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!"  I'm extremely happy with the interface, the sensitivity of the touch screen, huge screen with vibrant colors, quality of the photos taken, and the lightning fast 4G LTE speed (no different from a LAN connection).  The voice quality is truly mediocre, and hince the -0.5*; but given that I use this phone more for apps and less for phone calls, I can live with that.Let's get back to the main topic.1. Battery ConservationThis phone is a battery hog, if you keep the original setting.  When I first got the phone my battery juice would drop to 35% in 2-3 hours. Some people suggested that buying a bigger battery will resolve this issue.  I didn't want to spend more on the battery or making this heavy phone bulkier/heavier than it already was.  So I went for other approaches.When became untolerable after two weeks, I started looking into task killer apps.  A friend of mine recommended the free app "Advanced Task Killer" (see my detailed review on that one).  I experimented with it for over a week, using different settings each day in combination with different antenna connectivities.  This approach completely resolved my battery issue.  After all test cases, I found that using the "Agressive" killing mode set at each screen off with only 3 essential apps on my Ignore List, my battery will be at 85% level after a 15-hour day when only keeping the phone antenna on.  If I leave the GPS and mobile antenna on, the battery will be down to 40% after a 10-hour day. Since I have to charge my phone overnight anyway, I no longer worry about this phone running out of power during the day.The phone charges pretty quickly. It can be fully charged in 2 hours from nothing using the power outlet (but noticeably slower if charged from a computer).The key is to actively manage your antenna usage and other aspects of the phone together with the task killer.  If you have online access from your computer most of the time, turn off the WiFi, Mobile network, GPS antennas when they're not needed. Set your screen off, animation, and screen brightness at a non-wasteful level.2.  Desktop SpaceEffective use of desktop space can help: navigation, bloatware, and battery power. Yes when it is very easy for you to turn off that antenna, you will be more likely to turn it off and save the battery juice.This phone starts with 7 screens, by default filled with useless apps on some pages. Here is what I recommend:a.  Delete all apps shown on the desktop.  You won't lose the apps - you're just removing the shortcuts.b.  Browse through all apps and determine what you frequently need.c.  Categorize your needed apps and assign one page to each.  I have:Hardware (all antennas, camera, flashlight, clock, etc.),Software (utility apps)Emails and Communication (Gmail, social network apps)Games  ...d.  Arrange the pages so that the more frequently used apps are closer to the center page.  I also heard that there was a way to expand to more than 10 pages in case you run out.After I finished managing my desktop, I no longer need to use the "All Apps" page.  The bloatware no longer bothers me - I know they cannot be deleted; but I won't see them and my task killer app kills them if it sees them.  I always know where my apps are and can get to them quickly.In summary, this phone works wonderfully with configuration that suits your own needs.

So I've been using this phone for about a week and as others have noticed the battery life is a HUGE issue. I'm used to a Palm Pre where I could go a weekend without charging it so left my charger at work. With this phone it's a constant battle to keep it powered.The email client, IM client, keyboard etc are all vast improvements over the Droid 1 which I gave back after two weeks. HTC and Google have both come a long way on their designs and usability to the point it's fun to use.The speed on the 4g, at least in Silicon Valley, is amazing. This is one of my major pluses on the phone.My HUGE pet peeve with this phone, and something annoying me enough I am contemplating returning it, or at least hacking it, is the un-installable apps. Why the frack should I have to keep some stupid golf game on my phone forever? Scroll up and look at the price of this phone. I could deal with it if the phone was a giveaway I got for free, but at this price I should have NOTHING forced on me forever. Install a bunch of apps by default, fine, but don't make it so I can't get rid of them.I feel like I should be getting a discount on my monthly bill for being advertised to every time I open the apps menu.

The phone has some very nice features and the 4G is fast.  However, my battery life is terrible and I run app killer constantly.  I also wish I could remove apps that Verizon installed that I never use.  But the biggest issue is with my Jabra blutooth speakerphone for my car.  It pairs with no problem, you just can't hear anything (the volume is very low).  I contacted HTC and they siad I was doing something wrong.  Terrible customer service!  My wife has a Droid X and if I had to do it over, I would get that instead.

I've had this phone since it came out and it is literally the most frustrating electronic device I have ever owned. If I could drop Verizon tomorrow to get another phone for free, I would do so. When it works, which is intermittent, it's quite fast. When it doesn't work (4G now drops every 5 seconds or so), it's worse than useless. The technical geniuses on the web will tell you to do a factory reset, which implies that a user can install software that destabilizes the whole device (or that Thunderbolts will just fail, given enough time). What is this, Windows 95? Or is the problem Android? Or is it Verizon? Who cares, since Verizon won't give you any credit on the device, Google doesn't guarantee their OS will work on it and HTC won't take it back? What a nightmare. Now I'm checking to see if 1) all HTC devices are useless, if 2) all Android devices are useless or 3) I should go back to AT&T (please, no) or change to a pay-as-you-go provider. This type of feeling is why I no longer have a home phone...you'd think telco's would learn. If Apple wasn't the most arrogant company in the world, I'd consider an iPhone again (but I'm thinking about it more and more...). Thanks, Verizon, for giving us a piece of junk with no easy way out.

I had been researching my next smartphone purchase for about 5 months, and during that time, I had gone over the 4G options with Verizon. I initially didn't care for the 4G craze, and started looking at the high end 3G phones first. the Droid incredible 2 had quickly become my choice, until my wife said that I would regret being stuck with a 3G phone for the next two years, and i believe she was correct. the LG Revolution was quickly eliminated, but the Samsung Charge hung in there with the Thunderbolt. The primary reason was battery life. I am the biggest battery life mizer I know, and the Tbolt has reportedly HORRIBLE battery life. But, my research drove me to several Tbolt forums where many many people stated that the battery life is not great, but it's not as bad as some have stated. As of mid October, I settled on the Thunderbolt for my upgrade phone, and my wife and I got them for free from Best Buy the day after black friday. I immediately was taken by the size of the phone, even though I had seen them in Verizon and walmart several times prior to that day. it is a bear of a phone...but it's not the biggest, or the heaviest. if you have average sized hands (guys) it should be fine for you. My wife actually likes the size, and most of her friends are taking to it as well. the 4.3 screen seems to be becoming the standard, so get used to it. I immediately took both phones home, charged them, and installed juice defender on them. the first night/day, the phones were both at 60% battery with "new user" use on them. internet, facebook, etc. the key to battery life with these monster data users is tweaking the phone...just search on the internet and you'll find many tips to ease the battery usage. my wife is not the battery mizer I am, and she reported to me yesterday after unplugging the phone at 6am, at 11pm she still had 65% battery left. this was with light internet, three times on facebook, and several checks of personal email.I love the display, the ease of usage (we're coming from HTC Eris, so it's familiar territory) and of course, the SPEED. Kansas City has just gotten 4G LTE in mid November, and it's b-e-a utiful. the colors and multi-tasking options are great, and Netflix works like a charm, almost HD quality picture on my phone!!! NFL Mobile looks really great as well.overall, I'm very pleased with the upgrade, my wife has no complaints at all, and i believe we will be fine for the next two years without the "newest" phone on the market. I'm sure the Bionic, Razr, Rezound and others are really good phones, but the Tbolt can do everything they can do, so I have no complaints, or regrets. I have a tight budget, and for my money, the Thunderbolt fits the bill perfectly. Oh yeah, and I got to grandfather my UNLIMITED data plan over from the Eris. What I don't understand is that just about ALL of the 4G phones out there have the same issue....bad battery life. lets face it, these phones are powerful, and the battery technology has not kept up with them. If you plan to buy a smartphone with 4G, plan on charging them at least once during the day. buy a car charger, or at least have an extra battery with you for a back up. I have two places outside of home I can charge at anytime, though with my tweaks, I haven't had the need to. just do your due diligence and research, and your battery life issues won't be such a surprise.

This is a terrible phone. The battery life is awful, it shuts down on its own for seemingly no reason, the 4G doesn't work most of the time and Verizon is not that great either. I cannot wait until my contract is up in June so I can go with a different carrier and a different phone.

I figured out why they called this model the "Thunderbolt" -- it needs to be struck by lightning every 30-minutes in order to keep it charged! The short battery life is the only complaint I have about this phone, unfortunately it is SO bad that I would not have purchased this phone if I'd had an inkling just how fast it burns through a charge. The other issue I have with it is a design flaw. This model has a kickstand display so you can watch video from your phone, but with the charging cable plugged in, the kickstand is rendered useless in landscape mode (which is how you'd view 99% of videos) and without the power cable, you won't be watching videos for very long with the device's extremely limited battery life!

I have had a Thunderbolt for 4 months now, I don't use all the features, and if I did - the battery would be dead in 90 minutes.This phone should come with a disclaimer about the battery life!  It's abominable!I bought chargers and hi-capacity batteries for my HTC Incredible, which did not transition to my HTC Thunderbolt...  Hundreds of dollars invested, wasted.If you buy this phone, or plan to, consider the following:HAVE EXTRA CHARGERS AROUND.  PERIOD.  YOU WILL NEED THEM. (Car and Wall Chargers)Disable or turn off Apps you don't use - THEY ALL EAT POWER!Check your phone often; It may upgrade/turn off/shut off key features, all to conserve power.  Remember, you need a phone - not to be an attendant to a device which will turn off or die when you need it most.High capacity batteries cost money, and may not transition to your next phone.  This is a hidden cost of using this device.When it is powered up and running, great.  when it dies on the train and I am less than halfway home, well, it sucks to be me...Don't get me wrong, its not just the Thunderbolt - all smartphones, Apple included - suffer from increased demands on old battery designs that are not sufficient for the phones.  Sadly, this is the norm for these devices.Just my .02  centsAlandespairing smartphone user.

So I needed a new phone. I wanted to get a new iPhone but wanted to wait until iPhone5 comes out, and decided to give Android a shot because I haven't yet. Thunderbolt seemed to be the freshest cream of the crop. So I made the switch to Verizon, ordered through Amazon Wireless, and was excited.The Thunderbolt arrived at my house the next day (Amazing! HUGE kudos for this). Only problem: It was a lemon. The Ear speaker did not work. At all. I was annoyed. Made some friends in customer service and received a replacement phone a couple days later. Super excited: the ear speaker worked! Except the headphone jack did not. Another lemon. I was annoyed.It was at this point that I began to wonder if a practical joke was being played on me. So now I just got off the phone with customer service AGAIN (love those guys), and am having my THIRD Thunderbolt sent out to me, for arrival in 5 days (!!!).I am frustrated. But there is nothing I can do. I have purchased the phone, and I have already made the contract switch to Verizon. So I'm just sucking it up, biding my time, and waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out. Hey, at least Apple knows how to build a phone.P.S. All that said, the phone itself is not bad. I like its speed and awesomely huge screen. The body itself also has a really nice design and feel to it. It is undeniable: the phone is a powerful one in terms of internal performance. However, there are a few big downsides. I really, really, REALLY wish the power/standby button up top were BIGGER. I need to use the tip of my nail just to wake the phone every time. And considering it's the button you use the most.... it boggles my mind that HTC made this button so hard to push. The other major downfall --the much more talked about one-- is the battery life. It sucks. Yup. It does. I get it, all that amazing power for the phone needs to come from somewhere, but needing to charge a phone twice a day with only normal use? Yikes.

I went to the Verizon store to test-drive this phone on the day it came out. The sound was loud, the calendar was easy to use, the screen size and picture were great. The camera took better pics than the Droid X my husband has...motion being the main problem that seemed much less of a problem for the Thunderbolt.As for 'backordered', I ordered my Thunderbolt from Amazon on the 17th despite the backordered status. It is now on it's way to my house, shipped on the 19th, and expected to arrive tomorrow. That is 4 days from purchase date to delivery date. That 4 days was well worth the $70 I saved over what the store wanted for the Thunderbolt.

This was my first smart phone so I loved it at first.  But now its so glitchy! Freezes up alot gives me alot of problems. I can't wait to get rid of it now.

"And you'll be able to pinpoint the location of a lost phone on a map, send a command to make the phone sound an alert--even while on "silent" mode--through the htcsense.com web site. If needed, you can also remotely wipe all of the phone's data with a single command in addition to forwarding calls and text messages to a different number."The HTC Thunderbolt is not supported on htcsense.com, So all of these features are unusable without a third party app.

I am a Verizon owner since 2006. Had a Moto Droid (which was a great phone) before this phone and upgraded since sister broke my phone but here is my review.Yea yea yea of course people are going to look at the negatives first like "battery sucks" or "cannot switch off 4g" or "too heavy".First of all, yes it uses a lot of battery, it is 4g, enough said but for others calm down there is solutions like maybe an extended battery or possibly a car charger? So yea, not a problem for me.Second of all, I don't understand why you would want to shut off 4g, ITS 4G and is FREAKIN FAST. Yes it uses battery but yea, get a car charger and stop crying me a river, Justin.And lastly, are you people really going to get mad that a phone is TOO heavy? so its not as light as a feather but people are acting like its 10 pounds. Lift some weights, see how heavy those are.Since thats off my chest, let me tell you why I love this phone =)I usually get really excited when I get a new phone but seriously I didn't think I'd be this excited. My brother has an iPhone 4 and I am not a hater and I am going to say that phone is amazing. I would give it 4 out of 5 stars just since it is limited inn many areas. I bring this up because the TB was next to the praised iPhone. I actually thought about getting it but for some reason when the Verizon employee asked me which phone would you like, I automatically said Thunderbolt, didn't even have to think about it. I was playing around with it and seriously, I just loved it. I am a dude who loves big screens (got a 60" HDTV next to my 42" TV as my monitor haha) and this device blew my mind. I know it is not big new, the whole 4.3" screen but damn, its just plain nice. So far the phone runs really smooth, already got over the no keyboard aspect, the speaker was louder than i anticipated and the look of it is just nice. Usually phones look weird with a case but yea even with the case this phone looks like heaven.Trust me, do not be afraid to go from apple OS or even any OS to Android, it is fun, flexible, creative, beautiful and works like a charm.

Started off great for about 2 weeks... Then, the storm of bugs, crashs, boging and other issues hits!  The internet 4GLTE speed is excellent and the phone is very clear.  Those are the only positives I have to say about this phone.  The lock button stopped working.  The battery seriously lasts 5 hours.  The phone call design is poor, I hang up with my cheek all the time.  I attempt to open a text and it will open a message pages down the list.  It has sent messages to the wrong contacts.  Googles says an app killer is not requried but there is no way to use this phone with out one.  It bogs down so much it is unberable!  The internet might be fast but it takes 15 minutes for the phone to react.GET THE IPHONE!  I wish I would have.  I would sacrafice the interent speed for a phone that works any day!

Where do I begin? When time for an upgrade last summer I tried Samsung because of the super AMOLED screen and yes it is pretty but I was not happy with call quality, signal, or internet speed so I traded that in for the Thunderbolt. I picked the Thunderbolt because I had experience with HTC after being satisfied with the Droid Eris which was my very first smartphone. I knew Thunderbolt had horrible battery life but I THOUGHT I could compensate by just having a cordless charger and if battery life was the only negative, then I could deal with it. BIG MISTAKE. First, it had horrible signal both call and internet and I'm in a 4g area. Most of the time I'm lucky to get 3g. They replaced the SIM card TWICE. The second time it was better for a while but it's terrible again. I'm back to being on 1x most of the time. The phone turns itself off at random times. The phone would lock up constantly and I'd have to take the battery out for a hard restart. I don't understand why Verizon didn't replace the phone when it was obviously defective but they wouldn't. The battery would overheat and I'd have to open the back up to let it cool down. The antenna is behind the battery so I couldn't use a case on the phone or I would have no signal. That led to more dents in the phone because I literally couldn't use the phone if I used a case. The screen was pretty but I just recently accidentally dropped it, and the screen cracked because there was no case to absorb the fall. I feel like I got screwed over bit time on this phone which I bought in May of last year for myself for a birthday present. Nice present. It is the only phone I've ever actively hated and wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy. I've only had it a year and I need to trade in but I'm having trouble deciding what to get. I'm afraid to choose another HTC after this horrible experience. I hate that every phone we get is obsolete 2 months later. The whole smartphone racket is a scam especially with Verizon doing away with unlimited data, discounts for New every Two, and their new $30 upgrade charges. If I could go somewhere else I would but no one else in my area can match the signal so I feel stuck. In conclusion, the Thunderbolt blows and Verizon sucks.

The Thunderbolt is a great phone, although I need to charge it 3-4x a day if I'm using a lot of it's features. Verizon's got great coverage. Call quality is decent.My main frustration with this phone are all the pre-installed bloatware (i.e. VCast, Blockbuster, CityID, etc) that I can't uninstall. I believe this is a Verizon issue. So when my plan expires, I WILL be shopping around for a new carrier unless I have more control over a phone that I paid $200 for upfront and a plan I'm paying $90/month. This may seem like a petty reason, but it's constantly wanting to update these apps and they take up the Thunderbolt's resources.

I held out as long as possible before retiring my old Palm.  Followed Thunderbolt development and press.  I've got 3 kids, one has I-Phone, one has Incredible, and one has Incredible-2.  Based on pur family's experience with the Incredibles I decided to upgrade to 4-G with the Thunderbolt.  I'm sold on HTC products.  There have been absolutely zero problems with all three phones.  I've been using the Thunderbolt for 6 months.  I don't recall a single dropped call. All the apps I've tried have worked well.  Battery life has been excellent after I followed recommendations for shutting down or deleting some of the "bloatware".  It is a little heavy, but seems to perform better than many of the other 4-g phones sold by Verizon.

I've had this phone for 2 months, and am currently online ordering an iPhone at full price because that sounds better than keeping this terrible phone.  First Thunderbolt kept freezing up within just days of getting it, and after a few weeks, Verizon tech had to reset it to factory settings.  This is more inconvenient than terrible, just having to put settings and apps back, but would've been fine if it worked.  After reset, my texts started sending randomly to the wrong person, and it still froze.  LOOK INTO TEXTING TO WRONG PERSON, ITS A KNOWN ISSUE WITH THE PHONE AND HAS NO CURRENT CORRECTION.  Verizon's solution was to get a refurbished phone.  I got my current, refurb phone and it does all the same things only more frequently than the first one.  Additionally, it restarts itself constantly, doesn't show in my text menu when I have a new text right away sometimes, and i'm constantly having a number of other issues that are just the icing on the cake. I really hope this review keeps at least one person from wasting their time and money on this phone.

As I do with most everything I buy (especially electronics), I researched the Thunderbolt A LOT before I purchased it.  It seemed most problems that were griped about were regarding poor battery life.  I eventually figured the battery life wouldn't be too much of an issue since I'm not the kind to use video or surf the Internet all day long.  (To be fair the battery life proves to be not so great, but it generally gets me through the day.)What is the absolute deal-breaker for me is the HORRIBLE lag time on this phone, which to me is ridiculous given the fact that the Thunderbolt is touted as being "lightning fast."  Another reviewer noted that it's as if the processor cannot keep up with the phone, which sounds like the issue I'm constantly having.  I will go to make a phone call and the buttons just don't register.  From my "favorites" menu I may hit my husband's name, for instance, and it may be a full MINUTE before the phone decides to dial and connect the call.  Same thing with composing or replying to a text -- I'll try to push the letters to type and nothing happens at all.  What if I needed to get a hold of someone urgently?  Or call 911?!  The phone is completely unreliable.  It has other issues, too, such as randomly restarting itself, but the lag time is what absolutely makes me hate my phone.  And I'm in a 4G area, where it *should* be super fast.  Instead I'm left with a phone which sometimes won't even dial.  Unbelievable.I'll be attempting to beg Verizon to refund my money, though I'm certain that will be to no avail.  If anyone has had any success returning the Thunderbolt (rather than just getting a replacement), please let me know if you wouldn't mind.  Or if anyone else has experienced these terrible lag issues (I'm certain I'm not the only one), please do advise.

First the phone.  It's big and fast.  Surfing on a Wi-Fi connection is just as quick as my PC.  Switch to 4G and it's even faster.  The big screen makes it easy to read text.  It's basically a mini tablet.  I have no problems with the phone and would give it 5 stars.My problem is that AmazonWireless didn't get my account completely configured with Verizon.  This caused problems getting the phone working that took over 4 hours on the phone over 4 days to resolve.  Since there is no place to Rate AmazonWireless as a company, I have to rate them at the phone level.  One Star for AmazonWireless.And last, with this phone, NEVER dial *228.  AmazonWireless told me to do this, and this will fry the SIM.  Several different people at Verizon told me this action will fry the SIM, as well as one person at AmazonWireless.  If someone tells you to dial this on the HTC Thunderbolt, don't do it.

I'm in the "over-50" club and remember when telephones had rotary dials and party lines.  As the earth cooled and cellphones made their debut, a "good" one was about the size of a shoebox and weighed in just under your standard locomotive.  Around this same time, PCs were slowly becoming a "must have" addition for any household that wasn't wallowing in abject poverty.As technology sped past us, many of our employers began to demand that we dinosaurs either catch up and get tech-savvy or be replaced by young whippersnappers who could program the vcr and the microwave clock without having to take valium and check into a mental health facility for a rehabilitative period typically lasting several months. Several of us did our best to get up to speed, but the phone for many of us was still one of those things that we belligerently continued to use to make genuine phone calls, all the while complaining that as a result of the cellphone, we have no "downtime" for ourselves anymore because these damned things would now travel with us - everyfreakinwhere.  Places that used to provide us respite from the grueling workload; the horse-n-buggy, the outhouse, the leisurely walk through the park, were now as much part of our office as our office was.  We hated it, and most of us continue to hate it to this day.Then phones became smarter, and we noticed that while we geezers were fumbling through phone books and day planners, or trying to Google directions and info on the "internets," our children and our bratty little junior employees were making us look like the doddering old fools we are with their damned smartphones.  So this ol T-Rex took a look at a couple of smartphones, starting with the Blackberry and switching over to the Mogul, but frankly, they SUCKED worse than Britney Spears after a fifth of Jack Daniels.  Buttons way too tiny to push with the average male fingertip, more instructions than a nuclear warhead schematic, and a learning curve so steep by the time we learned the phone's full capabilities, we'd be having our chins and butts wiped by the orderly at the local nursing home.  Worse, at least for me, the claim of "internet access" was a cruel hoax, since I'd only recently gone from dial-up to cable modem and was getting very appreciative of the rapidity in which info would magically appear on my big, luminescent computer screen.  With the Mogul and the Blackberry, it was as if I'd returned to those days of dial-up and to make matters intolerable, the screen was just too damned tiny for my rheumy old eyes to see very clearly.I tossed those lousy phones onto the dungheap of obsolescence and chose the LG env.  Simple, big slide-out QWERTY keyboard, worked well for my needs, didn't overwhelm me with too much technology, allowed me to suffer through texting and best of all, actually worked as a pretty decent phone.  I was happy.Then I started a new job as a "remote" employee and began traveling full-time for my work.  Our company is heavily into technology as our primary way of communicating and as I lumbered from city to city toting my ancient env, I noticed that many of my colleagues were using the I-Phone and, peering over their shoulders, I became jealous pretty quickly, as well as disappointed with the lack of functionality my env had stuck me with.But I'm not an Appleaniac, and so I passed on the I-phone.  Then my env went through the wash about two months ago and coincidentally, my Verizon contract was up for renewal.  So I wandered on down to my local Verizon dealer and the Thunderbolt had just been released.  We have 4g capability in our area and it took me all of about five seconds to see that download speeds were comparable (if not faster at times) to my laptop, the learning curve was relatively small for anyone with open source knowledge and a skosh of computer literacy, and the apps on the phone, many of which are pretty much worthless to me because of so many better and often free apps available, made it easier for me to really grasp the full on capabilities of the phone itself.  The price is a bit on the ugly side, but one of the benefits of dinosaurism is that I have a pretty good job and the cost was offset by the fact that my company pays my phone bill.I left the store smiling have been traveling in blissful awareness ever since.  I cannot tell you how much this phone has improved my travel experience in virtually every city I've meandered through (with the exception of the area around the White House in Washington DC, which only had 1g access? WTF??? No wonder nothing gets done there!) and the ease of operability has made it relatively painless as well.  It truly is as though I've left the dark ages of information deficit and entered the age of knowledge enlightenment.  For those of you who can relate to what I've said here, I encourage you to check out any of the Droid phones before you run out to by an I-Phone, I think you'll be much happier, and you certainly won't regret your decision to step up into today's technology.One final thought before I part; with the access to information we now have right in the palm of our hands, there is NO excuse for ignorance in our society any longer.  Get a phone, become informed, be enlightened.

A few years ago, I had an iPhone which was a great phone. When the Evo 4G came out, I switched to Sprint and fell in love with the phone and the Android OS, however, my experience with Sprint's 4G (WiMax) wasn't the best. The signal coverage felt very spotty, and it had to be turned on and off (you could leave it on, but then your battery would be dead in a few minutes).A few weeks ago, I decided to order this phone and give it a try, especially after reading all the great things about Verizon's LTE network. First thing I noticed is how similar it is to the Evo, same form factor, same size, same feel, but better in just about every way.  For example, the Thunderbolt has the newer generation Snapdragon processor, more memory, more RAM, and a sturdier kickstand. However, one thing the Evo has that the Thunderbolt doesn't is an HDMI port... which I only used a couple times. Instead, you can stream your media via DLNA on the Thunderbolt.First thing I did when I got it was to root the phone.  This allowed me to remove the unnecessary apps that cost extra monthly fees, such as City ID, VZ Navigator, Blockbuster, BitBop, Rhapsody and a few others. Seeing all those up-sells really didn't make me feel good about switching to Verizon, really made me feel like they wanted to get more money out of me.  Sprint was generous to include some valuable apps for free, such as a TV app and Telenav GPS Navigation, along with a NASCAR and football app, along with having free Visual Voice mail. It feels like Verizon's doesn't have a very good value for what you get to be honest, Sprint was a lot better there.However, Sprint's WiMax simply wasn't the right choice, and they won't be switching to LTE until they decommission iDen and re-purpose the frequency band for their LTE network in 2013. Verizon's LTE is the fastest I've seen out there and looks like it will continue to be for a while.The first couple of days that I used it, I experienced a common issue where the data connection would stop working and the only fix is to restart it.  This apparently is because of an issue transitioning from 4G to 3G. Although the last week I've been using it, I haven't experienced this issue for some reason.Being an HTC phone, it of course runs HTC's Sense interface which in my opinion is a nice, clean and functional interface. Some people don't like it, and some people love it.  I personally like it. The Thunderbolt also scores pretty well in several benchmarks, but is definitely not the fastest device. It does have plenty of power to run just about anything you can throw at it however.  I've had no problems running intensive games and applications.As far as data speeds go, it is REALLY fast. On average, I've been getting 20+ Mbps downstream and 5~6 Mbps upstream.  That's incredibly fast! If you want to be able to access multimedia quickly, this is the phone to do it on.  Sprint's WiMax got me 6 Mbps downstream and 1 Mbps upstream, a fraction of Verizon's LTE. This phone is essentially using both CDMA and GSM, CDMA for voice and GSM for LTE data, which gives you the capability to talk on the phone and use the data connection simultaneously, which you can't currently do on CDMA networks. This is also why the Thunderbolt uses a SIM card.One thing I have been annoyed about is that this phone is power hungry. That means you won't get a full day's use of it if you are actively using it.  Also, make sure you get a capable car charger if you plan on using this as a navigation device.  I was just using this phone with Google Maps GPS navigation while plugged into a car charger and actually found the battery percentage going down slowly. Also, if I run Pandora on the phone and use the option to leave the screen on while plugged in, I find that it takes forever to charge the phone back up.Another thing that I thought was a little unusual was the position of the USB port. It is on the left side of the phone.  This makes it inconvenient if you want to use the kickstand to prop the phone in horizontal mode while plugging it in.I'm a tech geek, I love having the latest and greatest gadgets, and want the fastest model. This phone isn't the fastest hardware wise, but definitely satisfies with it's data speeds.  I haven't found anything that this phone hasn't been able to handle yet either.

My wife and I just bought a couple of these and we have been playing with them and learning their features for the last few days. Overall, we both like the phones a great deal, but there are still some issues.The good:1. We both like the touchscreen keyboard features on this phone better than on other smart phones that we have tried. The phone gives you tactile feedback with a subtle vibration whenever you hit a key, and, as you get more used to this feedback it really speeds up your typing. I still find that I need to type in landscape mode, else the keys are too small for my fingers, but it really works pretty well.(2) Web-browsing is lightning fast and zooming in and out and moving across web pages seems instantaneus. This makes it very easy to read newspapers, etc. For me, this phone is as good as a tablet for reading newspapers.(3) The camera and the video recordings work pretty well. Due to limitations of the lens, etc., the 8 Megapixel camera is not even close to what you get from even the cheapest of digital cameras, but it is still a big improvement over earlier phones.Still needs improvement:(1) My wife and I have so far not been able to exchange multimedia messages using these phones. Messages that have video and/or audio attachments remain undelivered. A verizon tech support person told us that this was due to some temporary bugs in transmitting multimedia attachments with messages from the Thunderbolt and that this was an android issue which should be straightened out very soon (Update: the problem was indeed taken care of soon: it is now fixed and all backlogged multimedia messages were delivered after we rebooted the phones).(2) Voice dialing is not as efficient as it is on the blackberries. With the Thunderbolt, you can voice dial a contact, but then if there are multiple numbers, you must use the touchscreen to select one of them (unless you are using bluetooth). In contrast, on a blackberry you can voice specify one of several number for a given contact even without a bluetooth.(3) Battery life seems to be on the short side. I do not believe that you get even two hours of intensive browsing, etc., from the battery.Update 6/4/2011:We bought HTC extended life batteries  few weeks ago and I now see these a necessity for the Thunderbolt. Even with the extended life battery,we still have to recharge the phone every other day with light use and every day with moderate to heavy use. Also, my wife's phone started using up the battery at an even faster rate, to the point where the original battery would be depleted in two hours with little or no use. We returned that phone under warranty and the replacement phone is doing better.Another issue is that my phone has frozen up a few times and when this happened I was not able to get the phone to reboot until I actually removed and reinstalled the battery. This seems to happen about every other week. So far it has not been a big problem albeit this it is annoying when this happens.Update 6/14/2011:Whatever problem is causing my phone to freeze up started getting progressively worse. These last few days it has happened every day and earlier today it simply refused to come back on when I took the battery out to reboot it. I then took the phone to a verizon service center, where they were eventually able to get it to reboot, but then it had lost all its data including my address files, etc. At that point I was expecting the verizon backup assistant software to reinstall my data, but it failed to do so, so I seem to have lost my directory of contacts (I will check later whether it can be retrieved through other means). Verizon tells me that I will be receiving a replacement phone in overnight mail. I will post another update once I receive that one and have set it up properly.Update 6/19/2011:I received a new thunderbolt the very next day as promised and I was able to download all my original information to it. I am not sure exactly what the problems were with the first one, but the new one has been faster from the get go and so far everything has been copacetic.

I just got this phone as an upgrade from the original Droid. I have only used it for about a day so far, but I can honestly say it was well worth the upgrade. 4G is wicked fast. I got 15Mbps down and 25Mbps on my phone. That's insane! Everything else about the phone feels fast too. HTC Sense comes with some bloatware and small annoyances, but it's amazingly smooth and does have some improvements over stock OS. The screen, while not Super AMOLED, looks really good. It's the same resolution as many other phones but it looks beautiful and the contrast is better than I expected.Battery life isn't as bad as I thought it would be. It should last a full day, but I think i'll get the extended battery anyway. The camera isn't great, but it's not bad. The addition of a front facing camera is nice and the camcorder function takes higher quality video than I expected. The only gripe I have is that the screen squeaks occasionally when pressed, but it's not too annoying. I wish it had support for more video codecs like mkv, but few phones have that right now. Overall, it's easily the best phone on Verizon right now. It's not dual core, but it acts like it, so while the benchmarks may not show it to be as fast as the Atrix or Bionic, it feels and acts just as fast in real-life. There's nothing to be dissapointed about with this phone.

I left Sprint and the Evo to get some 4G love(in San Diego) with this thing and man the 4G speeds are awesome!! The battery is no biggie for me cause I have a car charger so whenever Im on the go I have that. There are a few welcomed differences between this phone's Sense UI and the Evos. Overall Im very happy with this device and the coverage.

I'm a mauritian and very regretfully i cannot purchase any mobile phones on amazon since shipping of cellphones is restricted. I've bought a kindle on amazon and i was very pleased and really satisfied with the services offered. Unfortunatley, many people like me are sad because of this restricted service. I would have liked to own an HTC Thunderbolt since it is unavailable here in Mauritius. I hope my request will be taken into consideration and others will join me. Thank you.

Even though, as of right now, I am having a wonderful experience with this phone, I must rate it one star. Yesterday i went through a whole 12 hour day without having to recharge. The reason this device is working wonderfully for me is because I went ahead(after an awful experience with bloatware and battery life), took the plunge, and rooted the phone. I also installed a custom ROM  intended to be efficient and save battery life. If your not willing to root this phone, stay away and wait a couple weeks until the Samsung droid charge is released because you would be lucky to get upwards of 5 hours on a single charge from this phone. I must say, personally, with the android Rom I have install on this device after rooting it, I have had a better experience than i have had with the Iphone 4. With Verizon's 4G LTE network, its just the icing on the cake. But fact is, what apple does right is what these other phone manufacturers do wrong when porting the android system to their devices....as I should have never had to risk bricking my phone or going through the rooting ordeal in the first place.For me,it was a stressful few hoursas I have never had any rooting experience before.For those of you who do feel confident to root your phone, the good news is that due to this being Verizon's first 4G phone, it is getting alot of attention from developers resulting in plenty of cool ROMS with many nice features.

The battery on this phone sucks!!  It only last me about half a day, I have to put it on the charger everynight.  If I can't get it to the charger it goes dead and I have problems with it recognizing the SIM card.  I have to remove the battery and SIM card and re-insert everything all over again.  I will be getting ride of this phone and buying the iPhone!

Simply put this blows the iPhone away.  The speed is incredible, along with Verizon's 4G network.  The phone is big, but light weight and not bulky.Major problem - Less than two hours of battery life if anything but the phone is used.  I think it may be about an hour if the GPS function is used.Wait another month or two and some others should come onto the market.****UPDATE****I am now able to get around 4 hours of use. I had to turn off 4G using a hidden menu. (Google turn off 4G Thunderbolt.) As for GPS it was already off, task killer was turned up, screen brightness was set at 50% and the only apps are the OEM ones that I have yet to spend considerable time removing. (You have break into the Linux like core.) I am waiting for a 1900mh extended battery (or around that) to come onto the market. The extended battery HTC currently offers is just too big, but rumors put the usage over 1.5 days under normal usage.All batteries are not the same. Not every battery HTC makes has the same amount of power, which is why everyone's user time is different. Radio control car hobbyist know this and they pair the cells when they make battery packs, so the batteries work evenly.

I had an iPhone 3G for a couple years before I decided I needed an upgrade, and the Thunderbolt is a great replacement.-- Pros --> Large ScreenThe screen is much larger than my old iPhone 3G and I love it.  The quality is also much nicer> Good weightSome may complain that the phone is too heavy however I like it.  It makes it feel that it is of high quality.> Fast NetworkI've yet to hook this phone up to my WIFI simply because of how fast the WIFI is with Verizon's 4G network.  I've also been in a few areas that only had 3G however the speed was still fairly good.> Fast Phone.This phone is blazing fast.  I've only had a couple instances where an application had to force close and I'd image it was due to a bug in the application rather than an issue with the phone itself.> CustomizationAnyone coming from an iPhone knows how Apple likes to lock down the phone so that you only use it the way they want you to.  With Android you can customize almost every aspect of the phone, and most even without having to root the phone.-- Cons --> Battery LifeLets face it, the stock battery in this thing just plain sucks.  I only got about 3-4 hours of use a day with the stock battery.  Some say to degrade features to get a better battery life but come on, why limit the power of this fast phone?  I ended up getting the extended battery and now the charge lasts a day and an half.  The bulkiness the battery adds is great in my opinion since the phone is too thin anyway.Another thing to note is some have complained that there are no cases that support the extended battery.  Well recently Seidio started shipping a case for the extended battery and it looks like it will work well.

I'll be simple and to the point. It sends text messages to wrong people and have extreme difficulty connecting to any mobile network for internet. WiFi works fine, but getting connected to 3g or 4g just won't occur. Phone may say connected or "will use if wifi not available", but it doesn't connect.If you are currently in the market to buy a phone, better/newer phones are out there. Avoid this one.Update:Problems I have with this phone:- 4G rarely works/difficult to connect to the network- Phone restarts/loads after a few days, causing slowness- The normal message client is horrible and requires a third-party application to confidently send texts

I love the phone there is nothing wrong with it, its a fast device and the batter once you change the settings lasts just fine!!!ON THE OTHER HAND I AM VERY ANGRY WITH AMAZON WHEN I ORDERED THE DEVICE IT WAS THE PROMOTION "Buy a device with a new line of service from Verizon at AmazonWireless and get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card. Learn more"  AND I GET A $15 PROMOTION THAT TELLS ME WHAT I HAVE TO SPEND IT ON, THIS WAS NOT THE PROMOTION I ACCEPTED!!!

Love the phone. It is rather large but the screen is much nicer to read on than my previous two phones (HTC Incredible and iPhone 3GS). The battery life has been comparable to other high-end smart phones (recharge it every night).The camera is faster to load and takes pretty good pictures and videos.It has a lot of plastic parts but feels much more solid than my Incredible.LTE is ridiculously fast and I'm getting great coverage all over Seattle.Overall, I'm really happy with this phone.

I've only had the Thunderbolt for three days, but I've put it through its paces. The bottom line for me is that there are just too many issues to deal with for such an advanced phone.I currently have an AT&T; iPhone 3GS. The main reason I went with a Thunderbolt is because I just got Verizon 4G LTE coverage in my area. I use my phone mostly for internet and other online uses and the AT&T; 3G speeds are painfully slow.When I first activated the Thunderbolt, it immediately updated to new software. But that didn't prevent the phone from having a very difficult time finding and maintaining connections to 4G or even 3G. For no specific reason, the phone constantly hunted for a network, then would ultimately land on 1X connection speed (which is the lowest connection) for most web connections.I tried all kinds of settings and remedies for this situation to no avail including hard reset, forcing a 3G only network, etc. I don't want to have to remember to switch 4G on or off every time I get on and off the web. Phones of this caliber should just "work" right out of the box. That's one thing I will say about my iphone - I've never had any hardware problem of any sort for the entire 2 years I've owned it.In addition, the phone seemed to have a hard time finding the proper network for voice calls. While in a grocery store in a location that should have good coverage, I couldn't even get a signal for voice calls, never mind an internet connection.Also, the battery life was dismal (as most others have reported). Probably in my case it was due to the phone constantly trying to find a viable network all the time.I like to tweak settings on things, but once tweaked I want things to work. That didn't happend with the Thunderbolt and I'm sending it back.I wish there was high-quality, reliable Verizon phone to take advantage of the new 4G LTE network, but based on most reviews, it doesn't look like there is one - yet. I'll probably be waiting for a 4G version of iPhone.

Overall, I have very few gripes about this phone. It's relatively attractive, comes with a lot of nice features, and the screen display quality is amazing.Major highpoints of this phone:-The 8 megapixel camera takes great pictures! The front facing camera is of considerably less great quality, but it's a really nice touch and still takes pretty decent pictures and video.-My phone came with a 32 GB mini sd card which offered awesome storage capacity.-Call quality is excellent, very clear, no dropped calls, though I did accidentally hang up on people a couple of times.-The kickstand is a nice touch, though the brushed aluminum coating is peeling off.-It's highly customizable from ringtones, to home screens, to everything.-Android App Store-Relatively easy to useAverage Point:-Battery Life: it was horrible the first few months, lasting about 6 hours on average before needing to be charged. But once I turned off notifications for my Yahoo! Mail app, it has significantly improved to what I would consider reasonable good battery life for a phone that uses up that much energy. If I use the internet lightly and only talk on it for an hour or less, it gets me through the day.Now for the lower points:-I'm not impressed with 4G LTE. It could be the fact that what started off as marginally faster browsing in the first few weeks, has slowed down considerably in the past few months. It's now not any faster than my friend's and family's 3G phones. I'm not saying it's slow, but it's noticeably more sluggish than the first few weeks I had it. (And I've tried all the basics like clearing the cache and what not.) So don't get this phone because it's 4G because I don't think it's worth it yet.-While the camera takes great pictures, I've had pictures and video disappear on me for days at a time and then reappear up to 2 weeks later, after I pronounced dead. I'm glad the pictures and videos came back, but it's stressful. Sometimes when I download picture attachments and save them to my phone, I have to save them twice to get them to stay.-As I noticed someone else pointed out, sometimes the phone will send text messages to the wrong person. I've had this happen to me three times. The first time I blamed myself, figuring I'd accidentally hit the wrong person, it's a touchscreen, it happens, but the last two times the two people were no where near enough other. Luckily we all know each other very well, so it wasn't embarrassing, but it's still not appreciated.-The phone is big. That's good for watching videos and playing games, but I have smaller than average hands so holding this thing with one hand and texting at the same time isn't as speedy as I would like it to be. That's just a minor gripe though. My biggest complaint with the large size is how hard it was to find cases I liked with a phone this size.-I was a regular user of My Verizon to check on my usage and pay my bill, it took Verizon over 5 months to get it compatible with the Thunderbolt, sorry but that's unacceptable.At the end of the day, I'm happy enough with this phone to keep it for the time being, but I am already shopping around for something else. 4 stars because I can't do half stars and it really is a pretty good phone overall.

You may want to wait for the bugs to be discovered and resolved.  Data and apps can be lost when the system resets itself or you have to perform a hard reset.  Here is my TBolt story.I was due for an upgrade phone from by Bberry at 2 years with an unlimited data plan.  I considered a new bbery, a bberry storm 2, an i phone or a droid.  The features of the TBolt with 4G, touch screen, video, multitasking, large storage etc were very inviting.  The V salesman adding the final pitch to convince me it was the best way to go.Day #1 and 2 were relatively flawless.  I liked it a great deal. However, voice quality a bit echo like, not as smooth as the BBerry.Day#3 - I missed a few of my BBerry apps so looked up and easily downloaded similar apps for my TBolt.  These included a file manager, a password safe, and a sport related app.  The file management on this phone is not easy.  The only ways I have figured to manage files is to hook to a PC and put TBolt into disk drive mode.  The app I downloaded is good for helping to organize transfered files, but does not make it easy to move music files from the SD card to the installed music folder that came with the phone.  I am still trying to figure it out.Day #4 - Bug.  I was sitting around typing on my laptop when I noticed the TBolt had rebooted itself for no apparent reason.  Afterward I was unable to connect to the mobile network.  That is how one normally connects to the internet, the app market and some other features.  I performed a soft reboot with no resolution.  I shut it down and removed the battery with no resolution.  I did not want ot perform the hard reboot as it would lose some downloaded apps and some data.Day #5 Took the phone back to Verizon.  They haven't heard about this problem yet even though forums have documented it.  The staff tried several setting changes, soft reset, battery in-ad-out with no resolution.  She said she would try the hard reset.  If that didn't work she would replace the phone.  Again, I was afraid of losing data, but had no choice at this point.  The hard reset worked, but two free apps were gone.  Fortunately the Google data was safe - contacts, emails, calendar.Some Pros - many programs installed, a thousand apps downloadable and increasing, FAST, very legible good screen, high storage capacity, modern touch screen use with pinching or expanding to zoom, multiple email accounts, vibrating feedback for touchscreen, autocorrect, good navigation without having to pay extra, many features I have yet to discover.Some cons - short battery life, voice quality, instability issue mentioned above, larger than BBerry, not ergonomic, no voice input when headphone or plugged into car stereo

We did a careful review of the iphone versus android phones, and thought that the android phone on the 4g network from verizon was the best overall. A big leap for us from the qwerty physical keypad to the screen touch pad, but the phone offers so many neat features. We've had this phone since March 2011 (when it first came out). I like the fact that you can call, text, play music, screw around on the internet - all at the same time if necessary. This has bluetooth on it as well, which works great for my wireless headsets, handsfree in the car and wireless headset when working out at the gym. I'd have to say that it's drastically reduced the amount of time I spend on the laptop at the end of the day, because its essentially a mini-laptop. Keep that in mind when it comes to power. The battery has lasted all day for me when I am not using the phone or lightly using it. Otherwise, expect to get about 4 hours when you are jamming or using it non-stop. We had our last phones for about 8 years, and already got used to plugging it into a power source either at work, in the car or immediately when we got home. So, that could be a switch for some people. Finally, the phone and getting apps for it are awesome and very simple. A lot of very good apps out there, too. I've downloaded a bunch of kids games and kids books and full Dora videos for my daughter (the phone comes with a 32gb memory card that you can take out and put into your laptop if necessary). Plus 8 gb internal memory. I mean, this thing is seriously fantastic. I've learned to 'stream' whenever possible - for instance - taking advantage of the Amazon MP3 cloud player rather than putting the songs on my own smartphone. Pandora Internet radio is another favorite app. Both of these are free, too, and works fantastic on the Thunderbolt.

The thing that I didnt like about the thunderbolt at first was ultimately the battery; and what was dissapointing to me, was how Verizon's customer care reps wasnt knowledgeable about how you could download an app which is called "4G SWITCH" OR "LTEOnOff" that would let you choose if you would like ur phone to operate off of 4g or 3g. If I hadn't learned about that app from a guy at a Best Buy store, I wouldh've returned the phone for an i-phone 4. So those of you who fell like giving up on ur device, DONT, i know how you fell b/c i felt that way at first too, but now i'm loving my phone and wouldn't give it up for anything; all you have to do is go to the android market and download the "4G SWITCH" OR "LTEOnOff" app and you will be good and it deter your mind away from having to go out and purchase an extended battery. Although I live in a 4G metroplex, I rather just use 4g ONLY when i'm at home or wait until the bugs are worked out before I turn 4G back on.

I recently made the mistake of Buying this phone and I am still regretting it. The phone is a nice phone and the Verizon 4g is great, but the battery life sucks. After a full all night charge, going to work and sitting it on my desk and not using it other than to check for texts and hit the app killer, the phone was dead after about 4 hrs. I have heard that you can turn off the 4g but what is the point of buying the phone in the first place. I sent it back to Amazon wireless after two days, that was over 2 wks ago and had to call them to re-set my upgrade eligibility. I'm still waiting for a refund.I went and bought a Motorola Droid X from Costco, less hassle, and the phone is great and the battery is lasting all day with moderate use.Yes is fast, but not to fast with a dead battery when you need it the most!

About two months ago, I lost my old, handy, had it for years....NON-smart cellphone (Motorola V750).  What an opportunity for all the dataheads in my life. "Just you wait a week or two and go get a new Thunderbolt!" they said "It's going to be the greatest thing since sliced bread!".  After living with a loaner for nearly two months while busying myself waiting for the launch of the Thunderbolt, I (along with my father-in-law) bought one two weeks ago.  BIG MISTAKE!  I've never been so dissatisfied with a new product in my life.  In spite of having an AP KILLER, there were as many as 20 apps running in the background all the time, almost all of which I have no need and only a couple of which I could permanently turn off.Although the phone's power manager said these running apps didn't kill battery life (consuming, according to the phone, only about 12% of the battery's life) on the third day out, I had to put the damned thing on the charger three times during a day of moderate phone use.  In the thirteen days I had it, (after charging all night) it was on the charger at least one additional time during the day on six days.I don't remember how many "pocket" dials I had but one person called me to ask that I PLEASE delete them from my caller list so I would stop dialing them (and YES, I had used the lock feature.............it just had a mind of it's own).  I told someone that for every thing I asked the phone to do, it did three I didn't want it to.  Maybe it was a lemon but I think the line is just a dud.One of the reasons I wanted the phone was it's WIFI hotspot feature.  But what I found out when I went in that it's a WIFI hotspot AND a phone ONLY when you're in a 4G/LTE service area.  In 3G areas, it's either a WIFI device OR it's a Cellphone, but NOT BOTH.  USELESS in the many 3G areas I often find myself.I used it in the 4G environments of Houston and St. Louis and the downloads were fast but not lightning (pardon the pun) fast compared to my old 3G phone.  Maybe I just don't need 4G speed for my personal use.  I'm not a heavy data user on the telephone.  Yes, I know the V750 wasn't a smartphone.  I was using a DROID for the two months previous and that was my comparison.I liked the size and weight of the Thunderbolt (a bit heftier than others and larger screen.....I like that) and the default day/date screen was nice, but the battery issue was simply too much.  If the damned thing can't go all day on one charge, I don't need it. For every positive feature, it seems the phone had a half dozen I didn't like and couldn't force to turn off.I got home from my road trip to St. Louis and my pa-in-law said he was ready to take his back.......he hated the battery life issue.  No need to convince me.  So, together we went back to Best Buy today, had our old phones turned back on and surrendered the Thunderbolts.  If battery life is an issue for you, my advice is to forget the Thunderbolt, at least until someone comes up with a OEM replacement battery that can handle the obvious battery drain problem.

I went to a local Verizon store as soon as I saw the email notification from Verizon telling me that the phone was available. Got the phone right there and started a new plan.Have used the phone for 4 days, and very satisfied.I used an IPhone 4 last year for a week, did not like it and gave it to someone else.I know I am going to keep this Thunderbolt, it is better than IPhone 4.Some here mentioned the short life of the battery, I disagree.The sales person from Verizon store pointed out that turning off GPS help saving the battery and it does. I get 12 hours with the default standard battery. I also got an extended battery and it lasts 32 hours after fully charged.Only complaint I have so far is that it is hard to find a case that holds the phone when the extended battery is used.

- Phone is good with great features (Better than iPhone that I switched from) but credit for that should go to Android not HTC.- 4G Speed is great but credit should go to verizon not HTC.- Battery life is the main problem. It drains in 4 hours. If you use 4G, GPS and other features together it may drain in 1-2 hours.What were they thinking ? People will carry charger with them just because they made a mistake of buying this phone ?Verizon must replace this phone with other phone. If they don't, they will see more reviews like this for the device and their service.

If you're looking for an alternative to the I-Phone this is it with one glaring exception: the standard battery's life is dismal.(the extra capacity battery/cover is a little big but lasts 10-12hrs with moderate use)  I knew this before purchasing and bought it anyway- the great features were just to much to ignore. The display and available apps are awesome.Wish Google would design an application/task killer and include it in the Droid OS.

Works great if you have permanent access to an AC outlet.  Battery runs dead within an hour or so while using it for anything other than making phone calls.  This thing has soooo many features, but if you use them your probably in a place where a cell phone isn't necessary.  For example, anything involving the GPS receiver, that app probably requires wifi access to operate.  Just think about that for a minute.  Next is the lovely keyboard.  Go for the 'I" and you play a lottery where anything within one kay length is up for grabs.  You could end up with any of these results --(U 8 9 0 O L K J N 7 P )--, but probably not the letter I.  This is after you calibrate the keyboard.Something that makes me a tad nervous is the infrequency of the updates.  For one, the last update made the keyboard worse than when I bought it, but also it seems like even though this is the pride and joy of Verison due to the 4G selling point, I think they are already forgetting about it and leaving any meaningful update schedule behind.  Meaning, if there are any ways to improve upon the phone or its software, you'll have to buy a newer phone. Take an I phone or I pod for example.  They are or were always updating things and improving the looks of the software and or functionality, but as far as I can tell, the thunderbolt or droid software had only received one or two updates in the few months or so.  I could be wrong, and I repeat what I said before, it made things worse.  The screen is amazing and clear, but you have to turn down the brightness to save battery if you ever want to make a phone call.  otherwise, after midnight, this thing turns in to a pumpkin. The phone functionality is good.  Good earpiece volume and people say im clearer than with my last phone.  Apps are fun to download (the free ones) and check out, but like I said before, most of the time, an app that uses the GPS thing or location services, needs access to either the interwebs or 3G-4G, so using anything like map software in the middle of the Adirondacks for geocacheing or something is of the menu.  There are other things but im taking too long to say what I want.Under engineered consumer bait.

I bought my Thunderbolt at a Verizon store and while it has a ton of wonderful features, off the shelf it is completely anemic - battery life lasts maybe 4 hours with any serious use. Worthless. However, if you get the 3200 mAh battery, then you've got an awesome phone baby - just pissy that Verizon doesn't work on providing the best bang for your buck - after all for them, it's in the air time and data package, I believe the hardware is the least of their concerns.So 2 stars for the way the phone is marketed and 5 stars if the phone was sold with the right battery.

I bought the original Motorola Droid when it first came out. That device was not only a flagship (like the Thunderbolt), but was a "Google Experience" device, which means that Motorola did not botch it up nor did the carrier because Google wanted a pure experience for the user. The Thunderbolt is NOT an experience device, sadly.The Good:The internet speeds are awesome! Within about 6 minutes of signing into my phone in the store, it had downloaded and installed all 58 of my apps (if you aren't aware, Google knows what you use and automatically downloads them when you sign into a new phone or sign into a phone after you have reset it).The phone is very fast; my Droid was getting so slow, this thing blows it out of the water.The screen is large but not too big. The phone feels good in your hand; it is a bit heavier than my Droid, but is the same length and barely any wider, yet has a much bigger screen.The Bad:The amount of preinstalled and unremovable programs installed by Verizon & HTC is insane. ALL of those programs run in the background, constantly. Even WITH a task killer, they automatically come back on every time (this does NOT help the battery life issue).That said, I know a lot of people love Sense UI, but I do not. Sure, it is better than MotoBlur and maybe some other skins out there, but I much prefer the pure Android UI. Sense DOES have some nice features, but all of those features are again, running constantly and interfere with other things on the phone, killing the battery and making it less enjoyable to use.  A great example is "Facebook for HTC Sense." It isn't an actual substitute for the Facebook app, it just means you have to sign in a second time and that program then populates other fields on the phone. If you end up setting both to sync, then you end up with 2x the FB contacts. Also, FB for HTC populates your FB events on your calendar. I don't know about you, but I 'attend' a lot of events that I either don't go to or aren't real, in person events. It would be great if there was a standard Google Calendar, but there is not.Speaking of Sense UI some more, all of it's add ons require you to sign into your accounts twice; they don't talk to the accounts you are already signed into on your phone to begin with.On my Droid I had RockPlayer installed and could watch movies/videos in any number of formats, including MKV. I haven't tried any format other than MKV on my Thunderbolt, but it couldn't play it for some reason. I read online that it has a very limited set of compatible formats, so that might have something to do with it. That said, this is a big down side for me.I didn't realize this when I bought it, but there doesn't seem to be a notification light of any type. A light comes on when it is charging, under the speaker screen, but there is no notification light on this phone. How am I supposed to know if I have a message or something waiting if I am not sitting next to it to hear it? REVISION: The light is there, it is just not as bright as the charging light & it is farther behind the speaker grill, meaning you have to be looking DIRECTLY at it or you won't see it. From the side? Good luck! Oh, and it appears to stop blinking after a certain amount of time, which is also dumb.Battery life: all you need to know is, it's bad. It would be better if you could turn off the preinstalled apps, the duplication of Facebook (but you need both on & updating for the various applications and widgets), etc. Also, it would be really nice if you could have an option to turn on and off the 4G radio only; most of the time you are fine with 3G and only need 4G on when downloading large files, web pages, or data intensive apps. If you were able to turn off the 4G, then you could save battery life as well.Summary:The phone is fast, gorgeous, and has a great feel in hand. However, switching from a Google Experience device to a non-experience, skinned, and bloated device might prove to be too much of a negative change for me. I can overlook a few things because, after all, if every device was the same, we wouldn't make any forward progress. That said, there might be too much that I don't like on this phone that I just can't ignore, even though I REALLY want to and really want to keep it! I bought it at Best Buy instead of Amazon (cheaper) or at Verizon because Best Buy has a 15 day return period. Sadly, I might be taking advantage of that flexibility in hopes that the Droid Bionic by Moto doesn't suffer from these same issues.

A recent (July 2011) software update allows you to turn off the 4G modem.  With the phone in 3G mode battery life is very reasonable I can easily get a full day out of it.  Without this feature the battery life would make me hesitant to buy another one for my wife.As other users have stated 4G is incredibly fast but  for casual use like maps, Facebook, weather and normal web browsing the 3G performance is outstanding.  When you really need it just pop on the 4G/LTE modem and away you go. Like with the just released Netflix application.Note:Go to Settings/wireless/mobile network/Network mode and select CDMA only.

Hello everyone,I am currently switching from Virgin Mobile to Verizon so you know where I was previously.  This is an excellent phone and my first smart phone with a data plan. I love it! I am in the DFW metroplex. Fastest speeds I have seen using Speedtest.net's app is 18 down/36 up with 4G service. It recently has slowed down but still wicked fast.Everyone mentions battery life with the 4G LTE service drains the battery. This is true. There are things you can do to extend battery life, many of which can be found by searching the internet (especially useful if you are not used to tinkering with every little setting like I was). I am currently on a stock battery and have lasted the entire working day with no recharge. This allows me to enjoy my phone and not have a dead battery. It also saves me $50 from buying an extended battery.The best thing you can do is download the Phone info app from the Market. Click phone information. Scroll down. Under set preferred network type click CDMA auto (PRL). This will switch you to 3G service. By itself this will save you gobs of battery power. When you need 4G speed you can change it back to CDMA + LTE/EvDo auto.If that's not to your liking you can follow this cnet article and do the same thing by typing a code into your Thunderbolt.[...]These apps I found also help see what's draining battery and close them if necessary:Spare Part - see what app/widget is eating up your battery. Then you can change settings or delete the app if it's too muchRefine Efficiency - kill or close itemsAuto Memory Manager - change Android default memory settings to reclaim memory and have the system close down things you aren't using.I expect HTC to release an update to optimize battery usage in the future. Go ahead and enjoy the phone! Unlimited data + great interface + Very fast = Fun!Update 3/30/2011:I talked to a person in a Verizon store to see if Verizon or HTC will address the battery issue on the 4G LTE network. The representative said the phone was working as it was designed to work and no update would be coming. My battery died on me using only 4G after 4.5 hours today with heavy use. Thankfully I have my charger today. I would use 3G only to save battery life but I am having trouble staying on the 3G network. Based on what the representative said I am downgrading the review from 5 to 4 stars. The inability to delete pre-installed bloatware is also a negative.Also, I am able to charge the phone in landscape or portrait mode. Some reviewers have said they are unable to do so. The kickstand is very clever and very usable in both directions.Update 4/2/2011:I used the HTC Flashlight widget for the first time. There are three different brightness settings. The LED's are bright! I love it. It's better than my iPod flashlight app.I also found out about live wallpapers. Those of you already on Android have enjoyed this feature for a while. I was blown away by the feature coming from an Apple/PC world. For those of you that don't know live wallpapers feature things like galaxies moving, grass swaying with the wind, a fish full of aquarium as your wallpaper while your apps are in the front. Very cool!The free app of the day on the Amazon App store is very useful. I have downloaded some nice apps from the store.Google Maps comes with turn by turn Navigation. That is handy in a pinch for a GPS replacement. What's neat is you can speak your address into the phone.I do recommend getting a car charger.  On long trips or at the end of the day when your battery is low you want to be able to use your phone. I will be getting one shortly.

HTC ThunderBolt 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)I have been trying every way I can to get an official answer to these two questions about preinstalled Apps on the Thunderbolt Verizon Phone: (1) Is there NO way to remove Apps I don't want? (Even sending the phone back to the factory!) (2) Do these Apps draw down the battery (e.g. are they running in the background).  I find it hard to believe that HTC would force Apps on users who don't want them, especially if they are shortening battery life.

I like the phone but the battery life sucks.  And the preloaded apps that you cannot delete or turn off sucks too.  I agree with most of these reviews.

I just recently purchased the HTC Thunderbolt, and I would like to give my opinion of the phone vs the iphone 4 since that was my other possible choice. The HTC is a more powerful phone with more versatility- that being said, while I was in the Verizon store the following week, I had a young girl ask me about which phone to buy, the iphone or the HTC- and after giving my opinion, and the benefits of the Thunderbolt, she still chose the iphone. This example demonstrates exactly what others have said in online reviews, for some poeple, the iphone 4 is just a better choice- its smaller, sleeker, in some ways easier to use (Apple has programmed the world on their OS, and everyone is comfortable with it- even people who don't like technology). But for my needs the HTC is more powerful, and the internet speeds are incredible. I have used the phone as a hot-spot with my laptop, and gotten over 18mb download speeds while in a 4G area with a good signal. You can't come close to that on an iphone or any other device- nowhere near. I used my Thunderbolt last week to demonstrate a website on my laptop to a customer, and the speed is so fast, it was like being on cable! This feature alone makes it very worthwhile to a business user or road warrior who uses there phone as a tool for work. When you walk into a Verizon store, and see what the employee's are carrying, most of them are using some sort of Android phone- these are poeple who work with the phones all day- everyday, and see all the problems customers have with them. The one major downside to the Thunderbolt is its battery life, it is horrible. But I bought a 2nd battery, and a dual charger, so while I'm disappointed with this on the HTC, I will deal to get the extra speed and power. If you want one device (phone & web access) for your laptop or ipad, whatever, you cannot beat the Thunderbolt- nothing at this current time even comes close- I don't care what city your in. I had Sprint, and in San Diego, there is no 4G, so its useless. On heavy usage days, I only get 3-4 hours of battery life on the Thunderbolt, so you either have to plug it in, or have a 2nd battery, which is kind of a pain to swap I must admit. The back cover on the Thunderbolt is kind of a pain to take off. That being said, if you can deal with the battery issues (yes, use an app killer, lower the brightness, turn off 4g when out of range- I get it, but come on, are we going to use the great features of the phone, or just turn them off to save the battery- whats the point?)the Thunderbolt is the best cell phone I have ever used- and I have had them all- Blackberry's, iphone's, Palm's, etc...the Thunderbolt just ROCKS! Also, you have to consider the network when you buy a new phone, yes some networks are better than others in certain areas, but overall, I have had the best success with the Verizon network all over the USA when I travel. The coverage is always good, and very often superior in every major city I have been in to other carriers. The 4G LTE network is still new for Verizon, but if you've got it in your area, it will be the fastest and best service you have ever used- I would put money on it. I had a Sprint 4g hotspot device for a short while, and when I had 4g coverage it was decent, but not anywhere near as fast as Verizon 4g Lte...NO- I don't work for Verizon, and for several years I was with another carrier because Verizon pissed me off, but this 4g network they have rolled out is hands down the best system I have ever used, and I use my cell phone all day, everyday. CONCLUSION: if you can take a little extra time to get familiar with Android OS, and deal with the differences vs the iphone OS, you will appreciate the benefits a phone like this has to offer- especially if you are a power user.

We currently have in use in our family the Samsung Galaxy S phone as well as this Thunderbolt now and when my husband and I upgraded from the Blackberry storm 2 to the Thunderbolt a month ago it was a great upgrade for us.  The Android format has been great and although it may be a little heavy the phone is a substantial upgrade over what I was used to in the past..........

Best phone on the market - i have used Sprint and ATT, VZ beats them all and T-Bolt is a screaming fast phone...love it, love Verizon.

I have been using this phone for over a year and a half. I got it when it was new, and have had the same HTC Thunderbolt from the beginning. I have dropped it many times and it is still working with no problems. The phone is very well built. It is a great phone with very few problems. Battery life can be a bit short if you use it non stop. however with all the apps out there on the market you can easily make the battery life last the day and even longer. This has easily been the best and most reliable phone i have ever had. That says a lot coming from a guy like myself. One year i went through 7 phones. It got really expensive to say the least. But with this phone i have had no complaints. If you are considering getting this phone, DO IT. It easily beats any competition.

LTE is blazing fast and this phone rocks while using it. But there are some things you should know.First, the form factor (what it looks like) is boring. You can't tell from the pics but the phone is bland and almost ugly. No sharp edges. No colors. Bland.Second, the screen is tough to look at sometimes. Outside, forget about seeing anything. Inside, you get a washed out screen that is dated. Compare this with a Super AMOLED like the Samsung Charge or Droid Razr and there just isnt a comparison.Third, Sense UI is one of the best stock user interfaces that there is on Android. Out of the box, this phone is easy to set up and easy to use.Forth, this phone will sometimes send your TXT to the wrong person. I had this phone for six months and it happened maybe four times. My wife had this phone for about three months and had a similar amount of errors. Also, sometimes it will send messages with an identification number (that is supposed to be private) instead of the mobile directory number. (If that happens pull the battery and you should be set.)Finally, the phone has a ton of memory and runs programs really well. Especially now that you can get it so cheaply.Bottom line, if you are looking for an inexpensive LTE phone this is a good shot. I liked it while I had it but I am much happier with the Bionic. And if I could go back I'd choose the Charge from the same generation of LTE phones on Verizon.

I upgraded to this phone a couple of months ago from a Motorola Droid.  I love this phone - the screen size is huge by comparison to what I had before.  HTC seems to make a good quality product and the HTC interfaces are nice touches - for example, there are onscreen widgets for stopping/starting wi-fi, GPS and Bluetooth, and for adjusting screen brightness - all helpful in managing battery life.The large screen size is really great - makes it possible to actually use websites and see streaming video without having to squint so much.  And the phone is fast, way way faster than my previous phone.I'm not technical enough to say how much faster the phone operates, but I can say that it is fast enough that when I tether it to my notebook computer I can browse the internet at what feels like normal broadband speed when I get the 4G signal.I bought a silicon case (about $12) fairly soon as the phone feels fairly smooth in and would be pretty easy to drop - cheap insurance in my mind.Other significant issue is that the stock battery doesn't last long without a lot of active battery management - hence the widgets - but even then I couldn't go more than 5-6 hours without access to a charger.  But that seems to be the problem with all of these phones - too much going on to for the batteries to keep up.  Not sure if the battery makers will solve this issue but I'm buying an extended battery today and expect that will improve things.It has a handy flip out stand which allows the phone to be stood up on its left side for viewing, but for some unknown reason HTC also put the micro USB charger slot on the left side so renders the kickstand unusable while the phone is charging.  Maybe I'm missing something but that should be fixed.  I believe there are charger stands that fix the issue but it is annoying.Other comment is that I'm very happy with the Android operating system.  While I'm sure Apple makes a really good product, I like the fact that Google allows a lot more software developers to make applications and does not control them and mark them up the way Apple does.  Why pay so much more for the same thing - and there a lot of really great apps on the Android system - Google Maps for one, I LOVE that app.As to product quality, this is the second HTC phone in the family.  My wife has an HTC Google Nexus One which she loves and has had zero issues with.  And I have had no issues with mine either.So, bottom line - this is a really really good phone from a quality maker.  It has its limitations as I described above but I don't think any phone would be perfect.  I would heartily recommend it.

I have had the Thunderbolt for almost 8 month now and I am very happy with it.  I use the phone for everything.  It literally is my pocklet computer.  The phone is a bit large but I usually carry my cellphone in my back pocket which makes it a none issue.  The kickstand is an A+ addition to any phone and the speaker can belt out tunes for the masses.  This phone takes great pictures and videos.  My only drawback is the battery life.  If I am streaming music or or using the navigation without having the phone pluged in, the battery dies in about 4 hours. Sometimes less if your running multiple apps.  All and all I am very happy with this phone and hope it last until my next upgrade.

I upgraded to the HTC Thunderbolt after using Blackberry products (most recently the BB Storm 2) for years.  The HTC products are amazing.Processor Speed.  This has to be the fastest smartphone on the market.  Opening applications, working through applications, scrolling emails/Tweets...etc, all are a flash. This is the first phone I've owned where I've had to "slow down" the scrolling speed to see what's passing on the screen.Large Screen.  Amazing viewing for mobile web, pictures, and video.  However, some people have been surprised with the effect this has on battery life.  As with a laptop, the more you task the video and the brighter you want it, the shorter your battery life.  You'll need a portable charger and/or the extended battery which is now being introduced.  Manage your applications, screen brightness, and battery capacity with this phone!Android Apps.  I found that my Blackberry Storm (stalled at BB OS 5.0) had limited application functionality.  I was pleasantly surprised to find upgraded features in Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc with the newer/faster phone.  (I didn't know what I was missing).32GB External Hard Drive.  Yes...plug this into your computer and "mount" the device and you now have a very useful portable flash drive.  The HTC comes with the 32GB microUSB card installed.Size.  The device is noticably larger than my BB Storm (due to the larger screen).  As a huge plus, the phone fits perfectly in my hand during phone calls (i.e., not too big, not too small...as some phones are becoming).  However, if you want to wear the HTC Thunderbolt on your belt...prepare for "Geek Style".  (It's big).  Get screen protectors and a rubber "skin" if you want to carry in your coat pocket, etc.  Otherwise, be prepared to deal with how to carry this small computer.Office/Acrobat.  I installed many PDF and Word files on the device.  This is the first device where I'll actually use this function (i.e., good viewability on the screen).  Given the 32GB of storage, you can take files to read/review and the installed applications open them very quickly.  Scrolling and "pinch" to zoom/unzoom is a breeze.Battery Capacity.  Again, the biggest user complaint/concern.  Manage it.  Turn off WiFi when not in use, don't run GPS-intensive apps unless you need them (or you have a car charger), remove unwanted/unneeded apps.  Be prepared to plug the device into a charger (i.e., home/work/car) if you're using a lot of GPS, Video, or Application power.  You can't ask for an "SUV of Technology" without expecting to use more energy.  Easy to deal with, in my opinion and worth the tradeoff from my outdated Blackberry Storm.Enjoy!

This is my first smart phone and so far I love it. Mind you, I am not a tech person and don't know the nitty gritty of the phones, but I can give an honest take on it. I had the Incredible 2 for a month and didn't like the smallness of the phone. Also, the texting got buggy on me. It felt awkward in my hands because it was thin. So, I exchanged it for the Thunderbolt and I am so glad I did. The speakerphone is much better on the Thunerbolt. Also, it feels more ergonomic in my hands. Yes, it's a little heavier, but no real difference to the Droid charge. I don't live in a 3g area, but I figure in the next 2 years 4g will be where I am so why not get a 4g phone.I feel like the Thunderbolt is the twin of the Incredible 2. Just easier for those of us with not so dainty hands. Also, after trying out the different option phones in the Verizon store, I really felt HTC had the most user friendly set-up. I almost got the Samsung Charge, but I felt the Thunderbolt was a little easier to navigate through.Yeah, a lot of people are bitter about the battery life on the Thunderbolt, but I don't really have a problem charging it every night. If you are a heavy data user, then yes, you'll need to charge it more than just at night. But, if you get any other of the 4g phones, you're going to do the same thing. I use Pandora and play some games. When I do, I notice the battery drain. But, no really big difference over the Incredible 2. Both great phones, but the Thunderbolt is for me!

First thing first, I am a Verizon customer who upgraded from a Droid (original) phone to the Thunderbolt. And second I had been debating between the TB and the Incredible 2, ultimately I choose the TB.Pros:- Really fast download on 4G (really fast!)- Wide screen that doesn't hinder handhold grip- Quick screen touch response and great graphics- Fast loading appsCons:- Not that much faster upload speed on 4G compared to 3G- Battery life, although it isn't as bad as some people say for someone who uses the phone for regular FB/twitter check ups (having been a Droid user)- Only TWO LED notification colors (green and amber). This *really* bummed me out as I originally had 4-5 colors on my Droid for texting/email/voicemail- When phone is placed on stand, you can't charge it- HTC Sense is sometimes a bother. Example: if you like to use a pattern lock screen you'll first have to unlock the phone with a swipe, then  input your pattern.- Sound during phone conversation is really not that great, but music is fine- Really unnecessary bloat of apps you can't uninstall (not something you can do anything about on any verizon phone)- Phone gets pretty hot if charging + using, but that is an HTC thing- Reception: its jumpy. One second I have 4G the next I have 1 bar. This gets a little frustrating.I ended up choosing the TB because 4G is the next technology and the Incredible 2 isn't that much more different from the TB apart from 4G. The Incredible 2 *is* smaller/lighter, but I never pocket my phones (purses) so it wasn't something I was looking at when picking phones. Also, I might have a lot of 'cons' but only the LED color thing and reception actually bothers me.Hope that helps. :)

This phone came with a lot of hype that it doesn't even begin to live up to. I should have bought an iPhone instead. It is unstable, and unrelaible, plus I am tethered to an electrical outlet because the battery life is absolutely terrible. The phone malfunctions on a regular basis (like almost every time I want to use it), and shuts itself off randomly. The lack of reliability makes this essentially an expensive paperweight. Be forewarned; HTC and Verizon rushed this out and it is totally unstable. I would never buy this phone had I known what I know now, so be forewarned.

I have been a Verizon customer since 2007 and was waiting for a smartphone with great internet speeds. 3G was never fast enough for me:) Thunderbolt fits the picture perfectly.Pros:1.Crazy speeds: here in San Diego it has averaged 18Mbps download and 5Mbps upload! faster than my roadrunner DSL!2.Very responsive: second gen Qualcomm Snapdragon processor is very quick. I couldn't notice any lag whatsoever.3.Verizon network is very reliable. 4G is very limited but anywhere you go you are assured of at least 1x signal:)4.720P video capture is pretty good.Cons:1.Battery life is ok. I usually make it through a day with half an hour on phone.. 1 hr browsing and many be half an hour of angry birds. But more rigorous users might needs to charge more often.2.Would have loved to have HDMI out: to watch streaming HD on TV/monitor3. Camera shots are decent but could have been better.In summary a great phone with minor flaws more than compensated by solid build quality, huge screen and 4G

[...]  - After almost one week here are my observations:1. The phone cannot be used with the kickstand while charging. This was just plain stupid. The USB charging port is on the bottom, so when plugged in the cord keeps the kickstand from stabilizing the phone. Given the 3 to 4 hour battery life when in use, this is a tragic flaw.2. As stated, battery life is very bad (3 to 4 hours in moderate use). The extended battery is very thick and does not allow for any of the current skins or cases to be used.3. There is a bug in the hotspot application. HTC says they are aware of this issue.4. The phone is fast, but if you cannot rely on it for more than a few hours you might as well buy a laptop as you will be using it near a power supply.I will be returning the phone. I am so disappointed as I waited for two months for this phone.[...]The Thunderbolt is quite fast as others have already discussed. In addition, the screen is clear and bright (but no match for the iPhone). I find the phone's size to be comfortable, and smaller than my old Droid X.I have two major concerns. First battery life is limited at best. I have drained the battery in six hours, without heavy internet access and no streaming. Secondly, the apps for Android do not compare with Apple. For example, iPhone users can watch March Madness live and without cost on their phones as can Android users. However, when I compared my Thunderbolt to my friends iPhone last night, the iPhone's video (3G) was smooth while the Thunderbolt (4G) was jerky and slow. My concern is that Verizon will stifle streaming apps to conserve bandwidth as they have with Netflix access. If they do so, why bother with 4G? Additionally, apps such as MLB At Bat 11, also work much better on Apple products (see customer reviews).Nonetheless, this is a major improvement over the Droid and a marginal improvement over the Droid X, with a smaller footprint and much faster internet uploads and downloads.

I was in need of a new phone as I had dropped my incredible one too many times.  I loved my Incredible. By far the best Android out at the time. I was very excited when a friend turned me on to this phone. My heart quickly turned to stone when I downloaded the NFL mobile app,launched, and then got a message saying it's not supported on this device.  I'm shocked the evil red monster is doing this!  This HD screen, 4G speed and no NFL?  Just plain stupidity!

In Order of Most Significant to Least Significant:- Battery: Max of 4.5 hours... Strongly encourage you to buy an extra wall charger for work & another one for the car. (Might be worth buying an extended life battery once those start getting better reviews.)- I have to reboot my phone at least once a day because it is overwhelmed and the touchscreen stops responding to my touch+ 4G Speed: AMAZING! Faster than my home and work internet.- 4G Off/On Capability: To save batteries, I've been forced to turn 4G off the majority of time, so when I reach for my phone to use the internet or google maps, I have to go into the program, turn on the 4G network (process takes about 15 seconds), wait for 4G to turn on & recognize a 4G signal (1 minute), and then do my searching in super-fast 4G LTE.  In comparison, my friends using an iPhone on a 3G network get the information sooner, because their 3G with another carrier is faster when you aren't in the constant crisis mode of "Have to save my battery!"- I have spent a lot of time with iPhone users.  And While I'm a big fan of having an open platform for the sake of having an open platform, Apple's platform means an iPhone is super-smooth.  Android phones have more "hiccups" due to too many software programs running at once and demanding power from your device.- I get jerky graphics on my phone daily.  The OS just can't keep up with the demands of the programs running in the background.  (I have to use Advanced Task Killer at least 10 times a day, and I'm always surprised what programs have woken up on their own.)+ Hot Spot: Had 2 computers on it both getting 10+ mbps while still surfing internet on the phone. When connected as a hotspot, the phone can get a little jerky... But with only a 1GB processor, I think that's reasonable.+ Screen: Large w/Good to Great resolution.+ HTC Sense: Easy to customize, smooth transition between pages/apps (most of the time its smooth... The older your phone gets, the more frequently you'll have to start rebooting it)+/~ Phone Calling: Good. Had a little trouble syncing with my Bluetooth (Wouldn't let me pick up calls at first... Worked itself out.)+/~ Web Browser: Good. Hitting the menu button to get to other "Windows" is annoying, but having multiple windows is a great feature.+ Apps: Some of them still catching up to support the Thunderbolt, but overall Good to great.- Video Chat: The accidentally released version of the video chat works fine.  Two things happen with this type of feature if you are on for more than a few minutes: 1) Your arm gets tired or 2) People start to see a shot of your nose hairs as you lower the screen down (from your arms being tired or from sitting it on a desk).  So, maybe not the best choice if you are looking for a professional look.- Minor Design Flaw: The kickstand is great, but when you plug the power cord in, you can't use the kickstand and have the phone on its side.  The result?  You have to hold the phone in your hand while watching videos/movies if you want the biggest picture possible.  This is a minor annoyance, but it is annoying.

This is my first smartphone and I like it very much. It sometimes randomly reboots itself which can be troublesome but livable. I've read that upgrades to the phone will likely help this.The phone feature of the phone actually works pretty well. People can hear me and I can hear them so that is an improvement over some models.The Tbolt is fast, the screen is incredible! It's so clear and large enough to see, has a good "touch" feel to it once you get used to a touch screen. (this was my first touch screen too) After trying to help my mom with her "touch" phone from another vendor, I now understand why she never calls or replies to my text msgs, its almost unusable.The battery life borders between not-good and bad, Especially if you use it very much at all. As other reviewers have mentioned, it seems to struggle switching between 4g/3g/wifi networks and this can be frustrating as well. I've found it helps to turn off wifi when I get in my vehicle if I'm going to drive any considerable distance. After speaking with other users of various smartphones, the battery life issue seems to be pretty consistent across the spectrum so, with that in mind, I would recommend this phone to friends/family.

Great phone if it worked properly.Since the last update Verizon sent out (~May 2011; It's now July), the phone reboots frequently and without any indication, during phone calls, random apps, web surfing -- it just cuts out and reboots.  There's no discernible reason as to why, it just happens (Plenty of web blogs about this problem).The battery life can also be poor if you don't pay some attention to cutting off GPS and Wi-Fi apps when not in use.Otherwise it's the fastest phone I've ever used.  Even without 4G in Virginia, it's fast on the internet and app loading.  There's a nice screen and the interface is intuitive, well-organized.It just stops working and reboots at random.  And the battery drains faster than slower phones.I would have rated this phone 4 stars if the only glaring issue was a weak battery (The TB holds enough charge to last through the day and be docked at night pending normal usage; charges quickly enough too.) BUT the reboots are just too unreliable: Running GPS in the car -reboot- ; talking on the phone -reboot- ; texting -reboot- ; listening to music -reboot- ; searching web for quick info -reboot-.  You can see how that shakes confidence.  It's stable enough to use 95% of the time, but then it costs too much and really only deserves 2 stars if that's the case.Look elsewhere.  Verizon gobbed this one up, for all of the hype it's been disappointing.

Site says the phone is backordered and usually ships in 8-9 days.  Anyone with experience have a sense of whether this is a realistic timeframe?  The phone is available from a couple other places at comparable prices.

First off, I'll address the main point that may or may not make/break your decision to buy a Thunderbolt - the battery life.  I have one caveat that is worth mentioning, that may lessen my point somewhat, but I live in Salt Lake and there is no 4G here at the moment.  We should be picking up 4G shortly from what I have been told, but my Thunderbolt is being used strictly as a 3G phone.  I'll address why I'm still confident in the Thunderbolt below.  The battery life has been sufficient for 'all-day' use, and I have yet to run the battery down to 0%.  That means taking the phone off the charger about 8AM, using it for brief MP3 duty at work, lots of texting, using Opera to check internet news, Facebook, email, etc, and sometimes the occasional call (funny that phone calls are no longer the main use for my PHONE).  Usually I tend to browse the internet or read a magazine on Kindle while relaxing in bed before plugging the phone back in around 11PM or so.  I'm usually at about 30% battery life at the end of the day.  According to the battery usage tool, the screen is always responsible for most of the battery drain.  I keep the brightness on bar 1 or 2 (out of 3) with the included widget, and I am quick to shut off the screen when I'm done using the phone.  I've also done the 'battery calibration' trick and spent a few minutes setting up the phone for optimal battery life (google "thunderbolt battery tips" and you'll probably find some good info, it takes just a few minutes).This MAY or MAY NOT change once we get 4G in my area.  Remember, that big, pretty screen is responsible for 70%+ of the battery drain on my phone, not the phone programs or signal.Now that Verizon has done away with their 1 year contracts (not cool, by the way), this was my last chance to upgrade to a phone on a 1 year contract with the subsidized phone price.  The Thunderbolt was the best phone available in April when I upgraded, so that brings me to about 1 month of owning and living with a Thunderbolt.  My prior phone was the 'orignal' droid - which was a good phone overall for me.  The Droid was getting better (but not drastically so) battery life than the Thunderbolt, with the exact same usage of the phones.Other noteworthy items:Gripes about the included programs that cannot be deleted are valid.  If I ever root the phone, I will be greatly satisfied when I kill the pointless included apps for this phone.I was VERY worried about not having a physical keyboard anymore after having one on my last 3 phones.  My fears were mostly invalid.  I have big hands, and I'm probably 90% as quick using the on-screen keyboard in the Thunderbolt as I was with the physical keyboard on my Droid1.I like HTC Sense.  It's a nifty skin for the Android OS.The camera is quite useful and takes solid photos.  It's not as good as my dedicated digital cam, but the Thunderbolt has mostly replaced it nonetheless.The Android OS definetely likes a fast processor, and the Thunderbolt delivers here.  The OS feels very similar to the iPhone 4 (still not *quite* there, though) in response and the overall quality 'feel' while using the basic functions.  My Driod1, overclocked to 800 mhz, did not feel anywhere near this responsive.I think (and I could be wrong) that, as with most things, the people who take the time to write about stuff on the internet typically are the 'enthusiast' type users of devices.  An 'enthusiast' type user will put the phone through more intense usage than someone like me - I'm just a normal dude.  This, in my mind, explains a lot of the "6 hour battery life" complaints.  Again, I could be wrong, but my experience with this phone is MUCH, MUCH better than I ever expected after reading reviews and forums.The screen is a major selling point for me.  Not only is it easier to read and type on the screen, but movies look better with a larger screen as well.  I've taken advantage of the 32 GB card by installing a bunch of movies (using Handbrake on my PC to optimize the movie files for the Thunderbolt - just read up for a few minutes and you'll be set on doing this).Relating to the storage - I really like having 32GB to play with.  I've got my entire MP3 collection on here, plus about a dozen movies, a full season of the simpsons, and I'm still not maxed out.Verizon seems to have some problems (or reluctance?) with bringing any high-power dual core next-gen phones to it's network, so the Thunderbolt is your best bet at the moment.  Even with "only" a single core 1ghz processor, I have no desire to overclock this phone - it's sufficiently powerful for all basic phone functions, movies, music, and gaming, and the only thing left is 3D gaming type stuff, and I've never considered high-end gaming to be very important on a phone anyway.Final Thoughts:Remember to run a battery calibration (it makes the phone understand how to charge the battery to its absolute full capacity), optimize some settings for extending the battery life, and shut off your screen as soon as you are finished with the phone, and the battery life will be "all-day" (at least if your experience is at all similar to mine) - and remember replacement batteries are inexpensive, if you decide to buy a extra one to keep handy just in case.In closing, I recommend the Thunderbolt until Verizon releases a high-end, high-battery-power, dual core device that is well ahead of the Thunderbolt.  Thanks for reading!

Update 04/09/2011:Switching the phone mode with the 4G Switch or LTE OnOff apps does make a difference in battery consumption, as suggested by Ebony Prince and others.  I'd estimate that my battery lasted 30% longer.Me:I had the Motorola Droid before buying this, use various Google services frequently, and didn't expect perfection from this phone.  4G is not in my area quite yet but supposed to be coming.Like:HTC user interface stuff.  On my old device I had installed several apps attempting to emulate the coolness that HTC bestows :)Everything looks good on the beautiful, spacious screen.  Using Kindle for Android on this thing, for instance, is a pleasure.Fast - extremely responsive in apps and browsing, even at 3G.Dislike:Mine so far has been an absolute pig on the battery.  No kidding.  Even at 3G.  Even with Task Killer running, auto-brightness off, wireless off. To sum up, if battery life was a top priority, I would definitely have made the wrong choice.  Of course, I expected *some* of this.Recorded video audio levels seem low on playback, relative to my old device.Having experienced the joys of OS updates on my old Droid, I fully expect some of my minor gripes will be taken care of within a month or two.  For the battery use, I may end up buying a larger capacity battery.

Done, finished,kaput! So many problems with this phone that I will have to deal with for 2 years, TOTALLY UNFAIR!Freezes up, constant reboots, UNWANTED AND NON REMOVALBLE APPS, BATTERY LIFE IS RIDICULOUS,no Gingerbread update, AND ON AND ON. $700 for 2 of these phones and they are not worth it. Cell phones should have a lemon law just like cars. Will be getting the I-Phone when all this is over.

Be warned! My BMW doesn't have Bluetooth 3.0 and I've exhausted every resource trying to get phonebook sync to work with my BMW which doesn't have Bluetooth 3.0. I've tried:-Bimmerfest forums-E60.net-XDA forums-Call HTC Tech support, they told me to talk to my dealer-Went to the dealer, they couldn't get it to workMy old HTC Evo 4G worked just fine.

Am glad I splashed out on this... the screen is big but not as big as my iPad. ;)The only real disappointment is the battery life... it drains pretty fast. And when I looked up the cause, it said most % was due to the screen. Which is weird, because I have brightness down to about 40% to the point I can barely read it outside in the sunlight. And I only turn it on about five or six times per day. So... go figure.Sound quality is very good. Camera is awesome...

I have had this phone for a month now and it is by far the best i have ever had. 4G is super fast, tons of apps and the battery is actually not as bad as most of the reviews I have read, or maybe I'm just lucky. I can make it a full day on a fully charged battery which is as much as can be expected from any smartphone with all of these capabilities.I would definitely recommend this product, if you're considering this phone go for it.

The miserable battery performance makes this an essentially non-functional device.  Using 4G and searching the web I get very little more than 2hrs.  That would be ok if it were a portable computer, but I also bought this to use as a phone.  When the battery is dead it is just a brick, and a pretty big one at that.  The location services/maps also run the battery down very quickly.  It is nice to have fast internet connection, but it is meaningless when the battery is dead.  The fact that verizon loads it up with non-removable useless apps aimed at selling services that further degrade battery function is insulting.  And there are also the laughable service reps in the verizon stores, who just parrot the verizon party line (which I suspect is written by their legal department).  Why doesn't verizion adequately train staff on the devices?  If you are thinking about this device, go into verizon and ask them if there are problems with the battery life.  Then go on line and see what the droid forums say on the battery issue.From reviewing the posts online and talking to verizon and htc reps, the issues seem to be 1) phone searching for 4G network runs battery down.  2) Large screen drains battery 3) Apps running in background.  There are alot of fixes that the verizon techs will tell you to do.  But the phone is a high-end expensive device that is supposed to work as advertised.  If you cannot keep getting emails in real-time for more than two hrs, then it is not functioning as advertised.  Be aware that you only have 14 days to return to verizon!  One final thing, verizon will try to sell you a large and bulky extended life battery (49$).  And of course you will need to buy a new silicone protector and belt case because the ones you already bought don't fit the large and heavy extended life battery.  That is the verizon answer - spend more money!My very strong recommendation is to wait for the next batch of phones for 4G and let this one pass.  Hopefully there will be improvements in the future.

Got my phone this week and absolutely love it -- the screen is beautiful and the speed is great.  I got JuiceDefender from the Android Market to prolong battery life and as of right now it's been off charger for 33 hours and still has 50% battery left (light use).  Unless you are watching movies and/or talking on the phone constantly, you should not have a major problem with battery life as long as you have a battery app like JD or Green Power.  Be willing to accept that you will probably need to charge it at least every other day.  And yes, there is definitely crapware on this phone, but there are apps that allow you to move things over to the SD card (using the phone's interface you can also delete apps from the app drawer so you don't have to look at the icons, but the apps themselves are not deleted).  If you root, you can get BloatFreezer which temporarily uninstalls things you don't want.  Don't delete apps from the phone, though, if you want to receive wireless updates from Verizon.  Other comments: Phone is slightly heavy; I am using my bluetooth headset which I would rather do anyway.  Case and screen are prone to fingerprinting so you will want to get a case and screen protector.Will update if I have anything else to add.  Thanks to all those who have written VERY long reviews because they were instrumental in my decision to choose this phone over others.  Cheers.

I had FIVE of these phones through Verizon and every one had the proximity sensor fail after 2-3 weeks. That meant that the phone screen stayed on when held to one's face, and calls were routinely terminated by the end call button being pressed.Battery life is abysmal.I will NEVER buy an HTC product again.

Battery life is horrible too many quirks, freezing- screen locking at times (etc) It has a great camera -screen is large -fast internet but after 1 or 2 hrs of internet use sizable battery drainage it's just not worth all the hype. I also cant use this phone in rain a little rain and I'm not talking about being drenched by water by any means it starts acting up cant use touch screen I got rid of it. Many people said my speakerphone wasn't clear also.

I've had this phone for two months now. It is a beautiful piece of equipment that feels sturdy and well made.Pros: This thing is nasty fast. If you are in a 4G area it makes web surfing actually useful. With 3G there is often the embarrassing wait as people look at you and thing, "Poor thing." With this they look at you and simply say, "I want one." Apps pop up quickly and operate smoothly. Did I mention that it is also fast?Cons: The battery life is embarrassing. (I guess you have to be embarrassed about something.) If you are not going to be able to charge you phone during the day you MUST carry an extra battery and if you plan to do a lot with your phone you likely need two extras. I'm getting ready to breakdown and buy a long life battery. The reviews say it will take you through a day but I have my doubts. Also, the phone has a handy kick out stand on the back but in a move sure to generate serious consideration for the "Idiot Engineer of the Year" award when you use the stand it is impossible to plug in the charger.If you can deal with the battery issue and overlook a dumb engineering move this is the phone you want. Did I mention that it is fast?UPDATE: I purchased a 2750 mAh battery. Problem solved! Now this phone last the entire day with moderate to heavy use. Also, the form factor is still quite satisfactory with the larger battery. I would now give it 5 stars in spite of the dumb engineering boo boo about the kick stand.

As long as the HTC Thunderbolt is constantly charging, and provided I don't want to use it for anything, it is great.  If it isn't plugged in, it will lose about 70% of its charge in two hours, and that's if I'm not using it for anything.  I have an application killer, which I constantly use to turn off the many programs that insist on turning themselves on, and which drain the battery.  Doesn't help.Unlike most people, I rarely make or receive phone calls, so that isn't the problem.  I often use the Thunderbolt to read newspapers at lunch.  When I get back to the office after less than an hour, the battery is noticeably drained.  There are also many applications and programs which the owner cannot remove or disable, my favorite being the hideous Blockbuster Video application.  Accidentally touch the BB icon, and you will enter an endless update matrix.If you have heard bad things about the battery problems with the Thunderbolt -- BELIEVE what you have heard.  It is the suck.  It isn't mobile if it must be plugged in at all times.  I'm going back to Blackberry.

There are some very interesting but distasteful legal and social issues with Android Phones. Although you purchase the phone from Verizon and you are a customer of Verizon and you have an established business relation with Verizon that is covered under a "terms of agreement" with Verizon,  you must realize that if you purchase an Android phone Google Corporation will place itself in the middle of that relationship and force itself upon you as a new "business partner", "parent",  "guardian of your information",  and general overseeing data mining agent,  even though you have no business relationship with them and have never legally agreed to any of their activities.Not withstanding that you have no business relationship with Google and have never signed any "terms of agreement" with them they will take over a great deal of your interaction with the phone, with data stored and transmitted on that phone, and general control of your use of the phone including controlling your ability to download application from the "market" and other sources. They can even "terminate": your "bundled account" with Google (by revoking your password and access to your sign in at Google.com) which will then render a good deal of the functionality of the phone useless.So that you have no illusions about the social positioning of Google and their very aggressive corporate management style on the subjects of data mining, location tracking, and other similar and related issues, you need to know that they firmly believe that they have the right to access, spool (remember indefinitely into the future with no possibility of deletion at your request), compile, digest and use for their own purposes or re-sell for profit your personal "information" including emails in their gmail system..Google has taken some very daring legal chances on the design, management, and distribution of its software products (of which the Android operating system is a part). Google has attempted to subvert the public GNU license of the Linux system on which Android is based and claim it is their own private property. This and other outrageous and aggressive "bully" tactics are part of the corporate mindset at Google.Know who your new "business partner" is before you buy an Android phone! Make your own informed decisions. Check your options before you buy.  You may prefer Apples more open and honest policy and business style.

I have a similar story as other reviewers with regard to the activation process. After spending 35+ minutes on the phone with verizon wireless the net result is that they recommend I go to a verizon store. The initial customer service rep put me on hold while she talked to tech support, they told her to contact another department, who told her to contact another department, who told her to send me to tech support. round and round we go. The tech support guy couldn't figure it out and was asking ME how Amazon obtains their sim cards. I guess during their integration they forgot about customer care. way to go! Needless to say they haven't worked through all the details.it's been over a day and still no service. at least I have wifi :/

I got my Thunderbolt--just released 1-2 hours before, at midnight that Thursday, on Amazonwireless.com, a brand new Amazon store for cell phones only I discovered. They have many "penny" phones, including the Incredible, my original choice, and the Droid X.  They didn't show the price for the Thunderbolt, but I went into "Checkout" mode & ended up buying  it for $179--no ship, no tax--totally $179!! Got in 2 days.Had to send it back a few days later due to it heating up sometimes when charging and using + freezing and force closing...truly defective. But they were great & I got another new one right away (AmazonWireless & Best Buy have 30 day return--Verizon now only has 14 days!).So, I was/am so blownout by this awesome phone/camera/computer, & more.  I guess a lot of it is because I never had a data phone or good camera & other things.  So, getting used to it was/is difficult, I got it much more down now.I love the size & feels really good in my hand.  It is a little heavy, but that makes it feel sturdy, which it is & I got used to that right away. The screen is brilliant--almost hard to tell difference from iPhone.The call quality is excellent--sounds like talking directly to person in same from from both ends.  Really crystal clear and sounds natural.I have light to timeout at 15 secs, which can be a drag because I have to touch the screen often to keep light on, but saves a lot of battery.  The battery is less than my ENVTouch one was, but I also use my Thunderbolt for a lot of playing around with data part--learning.  When I talk for an hour or more after a "full" charge(by what the phone batt bar indicator says), the battery almost runs out sometimes, but it depends on if I used it a little before that.  It does run down quickly with Continual data use over a couple of hours (or more) & I have to recharge it. Overall, the battery life is no problem unless I am constantly using data for hours and hours.  I haven't figured out how to stop the back apps from running & draining battery yet--if ALL of them could me shut down. (Seems some the company refuses to let stop running all the time--draining the battery--if they stopped that maybe the battery would be excellent)Recharging seems slow maybe to get full charge-- red off/green light on(when hooked up to charge) Can have green charge- bar looking "full" on phone before then, but when fully charged(red light turns to green when charging) lasts a long time.  The battery standby time is very good can go for a couple days with minor use--short phone calls, brief data use.  I use it as an alarm clock all day & night and can totally count on it to be fully charged for that and even a day or so more with little use.Also, I live in the country, so only get 3G--can't wait to try 4G!!  But, 3G is still incredible, no wait or just a few secs--never a full min. I don't think.Sometimes when I am using the phone long (like an hour+ phone call) or even sometimes shorter--the back seems to get warmer? Not often, don't know why.Has delightful, refreshing ringtones/alarm sounds that it comes with--the non "music" ones. But alarms and the regular  ringer could be much much louder.  It is really hard to hear the phone ring with volume way up using any ringtone, except "old telephone" one--that makes you jump up. These volume prob are really hard  when in nearby room or phone in purse. It says that it is supposed to get louder ring when insdie something(like purse)--haven't experienced that yet.The ringer volume is medium--not great--acceptable, barely.  Hope they fix that thru auto update.  Which comes to my biggest, most frustrating problem with Thunderbolt...ONLY MAJOR CON: The volume controls are located right where I naturally hold the phone all the time for calls & everything--top right side.  So, anytime, even during a call, I accidently press the volume button down when I hold it naturally. Then, I can't hear other person on phone, feel cut off!--until I check volume. The only way I know the sound is really OFF is by remembering to check it and push it back up again or MOSTLY when it gets pushed down to "silent" and I feel/hear my vibrater going off and check & the volume is off!!!  Often, I am not using the phone or sounds & I guess I pushed the volume down just above when the vibrater goes off(letting me know)...so when I put it  aside I find out later that I didn't hear someone call (no ring!), which is a MAJOR flaw, but also my alarms are silent!!  So, I don't wake up, or remember to do important things, etc.  This is so sad because I LOVE this phone so much otherwise!! I haven't heard if anyone else has had this problem, but I am at a loss!I think the camera is outstanding---much better than two 10mgb I tried. The 8 mgb is astounding to see, even compared to the same mgbs or 10 mgbs on a regular camera.I haven't used the video talk yet, but don't like the idea of front camera being only 1.3 mgb & back being the full 8 mgbs. Might be OK when talking to a computer webcam, but phone to phone video talk might be not so great. I haven't tried it, so this is just what I am concerned about.I like pretty much all about the screens, controls, etc.  I tried over and over to kill many of the pre-installed apps or at least move them to my 32G SD card, butcan't do it.  Plus, when I tried to upload my first pictures from camera to computer there were 100's(seems like) of movie posters(like in the theatre lobby) for awful horror and D rated movies.  At first, I was deleting them one by one-didn't want to delete everything--wanted my first few pictures--when I discovered that there were only about a dozen of my pictures and tons of these(!). I gave up & uploaded it all.I am a Baby Tech Baby Boomer and never text (or can afford it, but want more & more to-have text & pics/videos blocked-can email/attach instead), so I'm not used to tiny keyboards.  The calculator is wonderful with giant spacial numbers.  The horizontal keyboard I can handle easily with bigger keys and will be just fine.  But, the front upright keyboard is incredibly frustrating for me. It is hard to hit the key you want even when you think you are right ON it.  I have found that it works a little better if I try to hit on the left side of the character key, but still I am so tired of misspellings.  It wouldn't be so bad, if, ironically, the keyboard was much slower and less sensitive.  But, that is a giant plus for it!  It is incredibly sensitive--you even get the heat of your finger near--not even touching the screen & it types!  I am thinking of having to get a stylus for this paricular front keyboard (a drag)because I can't make ALL screens with keyboards go horizontal.I LOVE the Thunderbolt, but am feeling let down and very sad about that part about hitting the volume control buttons accidentilly--which is on the phone & can't be fixed. Unfortunately, that is involved in many things on it.  Otherwise, the phone is AWESOME !(& I haven't even experienced 4G LTE yet!).  It is unfortunate that someone put things like unremovable apps & horrible ads that make it bad, that's not the phone's prob.The only true maybe incurable prob I see is the volume key probs. But, I might learn to get around that.  And some things are probs with my being a Baby Boomer Baby Techy.  Despite the volume control probs, which might be something I am doing wrong, so many  other pluses make up for that. i will find a way around that. A lot of my probs might be because I am low tech and new to smartphones, so perceive some things as the phone.Although I feel like I have a 5 star phone. I am not giving it 4 stars for the probs with  the volume level, and the correctable battery life (only moderate prob) because of company keeping their apps running in the back draining the battery.or any other things that they can correct still--or my Baby Techy probs.  The 4 stars I give it are ONLY because it has one major flaw that can't be corrected (unless I train myself) and that is the location of the volume control buttons.(FYI: got a letter from Verizon--Verizon IS "phasing out" their "upgrade & NewforTwo" programs-this is my last "upgrade" they said.)

I have been due for an upgrade for a while now. Coming from the Windows Mobile Platform I needed something to make me not miss how customizable my Omnia II was. Back in December I almost made the mistake of jumping the gun and getting a 3g phone, boy am I glad I waited. This phone is everything I need in a phone. It's easy to use, extremely fast, makes great phone calls, integrates well with social media sites, has a ton of free, usable apps and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. Both my husband and I got the Thunderbolt and even my hard-to-please husband is very happy with this phone.One thing I did miss was Swype not being installed but there is a Beta download available and it works okay. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone.

Context: I spend all my time in a 3G area and I'm upgrading from a LG EnV -> LG EnV Touch -> HTC Thunderbolt.Pros:Size- I was wondering how I would take to this. No worries, fits in a pants pocket and is not cumbersome in any way. Size is actually positive with all of that screen real-estate.Fast- I'm still getting used to the smart phone experience, but have been trying to test it a bit with apps that look appealing.Voice Recognition- I think this is on all the Droid phones, but holy moley! Very impressive.Apps- I'm still new to this but there are tons of useful or just plain fun applications you can get for free.Unlimited Data- Tried to figure out whether I should get this or wait for the Bionic. Verizon hasn't yet said when unlimited data plans are going away, but now that it looks like the Bionic is going away if you want a 4G phone it looks like you have one guaranteed choice with perhaps no alternatives before the tiered data structure comes to pass.Tons of memory included- A nice touch. The built in memory is almost full from the manufacturer. Needless to say the included SD memory card should alleviate any concerns of memory problems.Acceptable:Voice quality- I haven't had a phone that was bad at this so I don't have much comparison. Others have said they hear me great.Battery life- Note: I am only using 3G! I did some pretty heavy usage and it was able to make it through the day. Probably will need to recharge every night, but that is acceptable.Virtual keyboard- I've come from two phones where I really liked the physical keyboard. I haven't tried the Swype software yet but will probably get around to it. I saw this coming, but I definitely prefer the physical keyboard.Cons:Bloatware- Unnecessary software that comes preloaded is acceptable, that it can't be deleted is stupid. This is somewhat forgivable due to the amount of memory included on the phone.Speakerphone- Coming from the EnV phones which had great speakerphones, this was a mild disappointment. Not loud enough by any means.Untested:4GSummary: A great 3G phone (I can't really comment on the 4G side, but the battery reputation scared me... hopefully they'll fix this before it becomes a concern. Right now it is NOT an issue) with the quickly going extinct unlimited data plan. Some minor non-ideal points and some difference of opinion that is completely personal  preference. Overall I'd recommend pulling the trigger if you are due for an upgrade. This one is worth having. As a 3G phone I'd give it 4.5 stars. If the battery life is true to form for 4G, that would be a big deal for me warranting maybe 3 stars.

The buttons for mute and speaker do not shut down when talking, and are aligned to hit my cheek every time I talk.  So the calls are terrible because I'm constantly putting myself on mute or others on speaker.  Has made for a terrible 20 months.  Everyone makes fun of me for this phone. People stop calling.  I stop calling.  What a terrible waste of hundreds of dollars for a phone that is not a phone.  It's a great computer, but terrible phone.

Everything is completely amazing about this phone - including how fast the battery goes down.  My only complaint, but be sure to buy extra cords for work, car, etc.  You'll need them.
