
Phone is very slow, it`s idle very often. buttons stop working after 2 month of using. touch screen is slow. Bluetooth is not working well, i was trying to send contacts to other phone and it can`t send all together, phone is starting send and then it idle and sending is failed you must send contacts one by one.

The phone is a good phone. Unfortunately I was not able to utilize it because Alaska is not a carrier of Verizon. If it was, the seller gave an excellent deal on the HTC Imagio XV6975 cell phone. For anyone purchasing the phone, understand it's a Verizon HTC and see if its useable  in your state by the carriers you use.

I bought this phone for my son.  We are both very pleased with it. Lots of great features for a good price.

The phone lags terribly at times and every once in a while you have to restore it to factory settings for it to work. Sometimes when you plug in headphones then unplug them later it has a tendency to not make any noise at all. Ringtones will not be heard. If you have a message and check it the phone won't register that it has been check and will forever say you have a new message in your inbox until you restore it to factory settings. Oh, also it is running windows. Need I say more? Don't buy it, not worth the money.

This seller shipped the phone the Thursday I placed my order with Amazon, and it arrived at my home in Florida (from California) on Monday.  The phone is new and is excellent.  The seller called me in response to an email question, and gets an 'A+++' for customer service.  It's a great phone, and great seller.  I'm happy to recommend very highly.

I purchased this for my 14 year old son after he broke his IPhone 4. This phone is perfect for teens and adults. It has a marketplace for apps and games. I really recommend this phone because it is original price at 399$ and its cheap so its a great product and if you purchase this you might also wanna get a hard case because the back gets many scrathes. It also uses any gsm carrier such as at&t or T-Mobile.

Awesome phone, great for the price, nice big screen for real web browsing nice 5mp camera takes great pictures, gps works great, video and music player work great, Wi-Fi works flawlessly, touch screen very responsive works fine. Not the fastest phone out there like the new HTC Sensation or HTC Evo. but for apps it works fast. great for the price.Con: it doesn't have a lot of memory so not alot of room for appsits my first smartphone i dont have lots of apps. i do have bing, facebook, and few other and they work great. Recommended for first time smartphone users or people who do not need lots of apps

I had received the phone HTC Imagio, unactivated. The phone is presently with me in INDIA. Kindly arrange for activation of the same.Pl inform who should be contacted to activate the phone.K Amar Kumar

I regret buying this phone.  Although some features are nice, they are worthless if they are incompatible with the T-mobile network.My data plan doesn't work at all on this.  I can't see MMS files either.  I looked it up on cellphone forums and they state that it only works as edge, and MMS go through the verizon network which denies access.  Thus its basically a limited use touch screen.  Highly dissappointed, I will probably spending another Hundred or two on a different phone.This is a should be avoided buy, if not you would regret it.

The cell phone is OK. But definitely it is not brand new. It came without manual, without screen cover sheet.

This phone works in Turkey without any problem (My GSM provider is Turkcell). In other words, it is really unlockedand %100 brand new (Bought from PromoCell). Don't hesitate to buy.

its funny but i was just curious that since its a verizon wireless unlocked phone, does any other carrier sin card work on it since verizon is a cdma phone???

So far so good. Everything works fine. The only complaint i have is that there was no headphones included. :( Overall, i love this phone!

Okay, First of all the phone is slowwwwwww browsing the web slower than a nokia nuron. I cant connect online unless im using wifi always getting an error message and some times even if im using wi-fi and its connected it still wont access me to the internet. touch screen is responsive but some times when i tap an option it selects an option at the bottom of the screen i didnt touch. It works horrible with T-mobile only good features that actually work well are calling and texting. If any one is thinking of getting this phone DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!! i am currently trying to get a refund so i can get a better phone

This is a fantastic phone. If you are looking for an unlocked phone that does it all this is it! touch screen interface is as good as apple interface! vivid clear screen. I just inserted my att sim card and it works perfect. and the price was unbelieveably cheap on amazon

phone was great arrived in good condition but arrived locked, had to email and get them to unlock it. even after it unlocked it will not work with Tmobile picture messaging so beware if you are paying for these extra services they will not work

i bought this phone as sort of an up grade from a blackberry pearl plus it had wifi. i received the phone and it looked perfect. it worked great. the only problem i have with it is it keeps popping up this "network service is unavailable...." message. i purchased a data package to get the full flavor of the phone and it still didn't help. i wonder if it's because i'm using a at&t sim card or what. other than that, the phone is kind of cool. although i have not viewed the cd's that came with it.

I was looking for something like this with no data plan but it could work on Wi-Fi. Overall good product, but internal memory is very less, I had to add additional memory card. Setting Wi-Fi connectivity is easy. I had to struggle a little to set my dataconnection as I have a different carrier.

I've had this phone for about 2 months now ,it works beautifully well in Nigeria with all the major networks. The internet works too,infact I'm writing this review from my imagio

I purchased this phone last year as and upgrade for my blackberry. I am with AT&T and I love some of the phones features. But most of the features do not work. The WIFI works, but it is very slow. I can't send or receive pic message. So, if you can do without those two services then it is a great buy. It has a loud ringer and you conversation are very clear. Loved the am/fm radio, camera and video is fabulous.

I bought this phone hoping to use it on a Tmobile network. The phone works with a SIM card, which I find strange.Why? It's loaded with a bunch of garbage Verizon proprietary software. Maybe from Europe? Don't know, butI do know Verizon over here doesn't use a SIM card, IIRC.It was an ok phone, but, wouldn't work on TMobile. My Nokia 5230, another unlocked phone, worked right off with only a SIMcard switch.  This phone wouldn't do anything.Sent it back.I'm curious about what this phone would work with. I suppose if you rooted the phone, and reinstalled Android clearing out all theVerizon junk, it might work.  Still, I wondered if the Verizon stuff was in the boot stuff you couldn't get rid of.I'm not really up on hacking phones, and, that's what this would have taken to work on T Mobile.

I just ordered this phone because it says that it is UNLOCKED. However, when I got it, to my surprise, IT WAS STILL LOCKED.Folks, unless your Carrier is Verizon....DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Otherwise, you will be sorry, just like I did...I had to return it.

decent phone like the features how do you delete some of this verison programs i dont need off no one knows

HTC Imagio xv 6975 smartphone is very nice but has a onather problem the earphone speaker during talking time very loud

Do NOT buy this phone, its a fraud, they advertise as a unlocked phone, but actually its LOCKED. Do not buy it.

This is my first smartphone and so far I'm very happy with it. Very convenient windows system capable of handle programs I needed. Sound is very good, calls are very clear. Camera is great, except no flash, but does a wonderfull job outdoor. WiFi is good. I recommend it.

I fell in the trap by seeing the Item as "Unlocked" phone, beware, it is not unlocked phone. It didn't work with my AT&T; sim card. Now it's a complete waste of time to return this item and get my money back, waste of time and energy, coming to  shipping cost : I regrettably added this for a 1-day overnight shipping.If you are a person who doesn't want to spend time and money on things like this, beware!!!!, this is not the item to look for. Go and buy different unlocked phone.I even don't want to give even ZERO (0) star rating, but alas, that option don't count in average rating, hence giving a ONE (1) star. I pity myself and people like me who bought this phone.

I liked the look and fell of the phone..But it is bulky to carry in our front pocket. I also see that the WIFI network response is very slow when compared to my Andriod phone..I have a comet and this phone imagio uses same processor.. But the response to browse web is very fast on andriod compared to windows..I guess windows is slow in responding to websites etc.

HOLA NECESITO SABER COMO CONSIGO EL NUMERO IMEI PARA ACTIVAR MI CTA CLARO AQUI EN ECUADOR ME LO SOLICITAN COMO REQUISITO INDISPENSABLE

Old hardware with old software...Windows Mobile is very laggy, HTC sense kinda improves experiance but nah.DO NOT BUY!

may be this guys not the best, but i still like it, because i spend a lot of time in it, and see this guys turn better and better, i feel so happy

I changed two times touch screen of this phone. it is good for this price but old edition and it has week touch screen. without touch screen this phone is nothing.

bought this phone wich is unlocked..had ordered HTC HD2 earlier from the same seller-Unlocked cel phone Kings, but it had many defects with which i was very much dissapointed..but this time it came with original packing with all the accessories..except headphones..:(lets see if it works in India..overall its a good phone..

I only bought this as a GSM phone, but I found out it also had CDMA when I took the GSM card out.The Windows Mobile 6.5 OS is very dated compared to modern smartphone operating systems, but it works better than a feature phone.

This smarphone is very useful, since I have all what I need on it (calendar, reminders, contacts linked to their MSN or Facebook Profiles, some lite applications, music player, wi-fi, weather, etc). The only issue is that sometimes it takes a long to change between applications, and the web browser is a little slow, however, it doesn't interferrs with the music player or a call in course. The menu is quite complicated, and you can't put a song as a ringtone (or at least I haven't found that feature yet). I recomend this device for those who doesn't want to get their wallet empty purchasing a "very high tech" smartphone, but having a good looking and useful telephone. I mean, many people only want them for check their social networks or chatting, you know what I mean.

STAY AWAY FROM UNLOCKED PHONES ITS THE BIGGEST HASSLE I WISH I WOULD OF!!! BUT HEY YOU LIVE AND YOU LEARN, UNFORTUNATELY IT COST ME $175...

Este telefono, es de verdad increible, toma unas fotos bellisimas, y tiene muchas funciones, y es bastante elegante, la tienda es muy responsable, ya que me llego el producto en el menor tiempo de lo indicado,por lo tanto recomiendo la tienda y el producto ampliamente

okthe phone looks very nice. I love the format of W 6.5 however there are a few problems with it. I am not able to download any applications from the marketplace. I get a message saying that there's something wromg with my password or windows live id. I can't sync my phone to my e-mail either, I get the same message. I can get in to my windows live account from the internet browser and from my computer thou. There are a lot of people who are having the same problem[...]I have tried a few things already but it's not working... I hope I can fix this but even then this is a good phone for the price. BTW the touch flow starts to lag when you have too many things open and sometimes to have the touchflow consumes too much processing power.

He recibido bien el producto, cumple con lo especificado, similar en pantalla al iphone, mas grande que el N8 Nokia, excelente c&aacute;mara, lo &uacute;nico que no lo hace perfecto es la baja duraci&oacute;n de su bater&iacute;a, aproximadamente 40 hrs.

The great thing about ordering an unlocked phone that claims to work with AT&T is that you can actually use it.  Not the case with this product, it wasn't unlocked and besides that I wasn't impressed with the phone all that much either.  I'm enjoying the Samsung Galaxy S2 and am happy that I returned the HTC Imagio.

Was great transaction.Just as described,i had this as a gift to a friend ,he was happy ,it was a gift

Purchased this cell phone and it worked for a short time because of having to work in construction.  Probably is a good cell phone for other jobs.

the phone is insanely slow, even though it has a huge gorgeous bright and colorful screen, it's still frustrating that the processor is so slow, a better processor and it would have been the perfect phone.everything else is right, the screen is responsive and it plays video very very well, I actually use it to watch mp4 movies on the bus, but I don't really use it to browse the internet cuz it's too slow and takes forever to open a page.

The phone itself is ok.  It is not an Iphone but for the price, I am not complaining.  I purchased my phone from "OEM."  After I placed the order, I kept checking my Amazon acount to see if my phone had been shipped.  Much to my chagrain, it took "OEM" three days before they shipped it.  I received my phone almost a week later.  So far, I was not complaining, I am an easy person to please.  I opened my box and I was so excited.  The phone had some blemished on the screen and it was a refurbished one (not the new phone that I had originally purchased).  I was not upset (at least not yet).  I checked the slip.  The phone I bought was with a US warranty, the one I received had no warranty on the slip.  I checked the paper, much to my surprise, the phone was not intended for me; however, it was for somebody else who lived in Florida (guys, I live in Virginia).  I had all the information of this other person in my hands.  This is a serious security breach.  People can steal other people's identities.  So I sent an email to OEM.  It took them 3 days to answer.  Mr. Scott (I think that was his name) sent me an email telling me to "advise him of what I wanted!!!"  SO I am still following up with him.  The phone is fine.  OEM sucks!!!  I just hope that Amazon reads these reviews.

So my mom got this phone for her first ever touchscreen and sense this is an HTC, the technology was beyond both of us. This phone has freakin powerpoint on it, I mean COME ON, amazing!!! To make the story short, I took the phone for a test drive and checked for it's pros and cons.Pros- Very clear and loud call quality, easy for texting, very organized, long lasting battery, lots of apps to keep you occupied, amazing camera, very fast, durable.Cons-you could get lost using this phone, so much to do. blue-tooth sync is a bit complicated. no flash but, no biggy. lots of software that you will eventually need to install. setting everything up is a pain, but well worth it. And my contacts are set to go last name to first for some reason, but I'll figure out how to fix that setting later.After I showed my mom the ropes, she learned how to use the phone's basics, but I'm telling y'all this...it's a windows phone so it will naturally come with lots of stuff. My mom later bought me the amazing Imagio, because my little Sony ericsson had horrible call quality, I couldn't hear a thing, just loud and crackly.I'm very impressed with this phone, and glad that we could find it for such a good price. I just hate how some people compare everything to the stupid i phone, like they have nothing else in their lives to do but purchase apps. This phone is a challenge but one of the best I've ever seen or used. I give it 5 stars.

Hey, is this phone really unlocked because I liked it and I want to buy it but want to use it in Bulgaria so it must be unlocked . Pls help me ??? :)

I bought this phone since I was still halfway through my contract when my other phone died on me. I have to say, this was one of the biggest mistakes of my consumer life.I got this phone in 2011, and even by then it was insanely slow. It was pretty chunky and would lag every time I swiped the screen and could barely open a web page up. I thought the processor was damaged or something because I couldn't imagine how a smartphone like this could be so terribly slow. It sounds like I'm exaggerating how slow this phone is, but seriously I can't describe it without showing you. The camera is decent, but the autofocus takes about 4-5 seconds to actually work.I would HIGHLY recommend against this product. There are so many better options out there at better prices. PLEASE do yourself a favor and not get this phone because I had to spend a terrible grueling YEAR with this phone before I could get rid of it.

Hey guys I think these review things have always been so much helpful to me while buying anything on Amazon. So I figured it would be gr8 to write some review for this phone so that someone else would get an idea about what he/she is buying. I rated this SELLER 5 since I love this phone. It was brand new phone with seal packed. It works great, good touch flow, great camera, good for music, you get two stylus with it and comes with different international chargers so that you won't have problem even if you are in Asia, Europe or anywhere else in the WORLD. Im lovin it so farrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!! and yeah, almost forgot to mention about the SHIPPING.... got shipped to me in 4th day of purchasing.

Phone has very nice display and a lot of really nice features. However, I only had this phone for about 6-8 months before it broke.Here a a list of some pros and cons of the HTC ImagioPros:Home screen very sleek and fully customizableNice size screenAudio on calls was greatCamera/video was nicer than expectedtexting was very accurate (More to come)intuitive navigationAutomatically imports Facebook contactsLong battery life would last for up to 2 days while receiving normal use.Cons:(keep in mind that for the first 6 months, this phone worked great)Touch screen would often times be unresponsivecommand keys would require a lot of force to actually workHad to re-enter all wifi info every time I wanted to use wifi (no "Remember me" feature)Phone would randomly go from 4 bars to no service. Would require taking out battery and rebooting the phone to get a signalphone automatically downloaded any pictures viewed on the web or Facebook, ect.Very easy to unlock this phone, which led to an unprecedented amount of "Butt dialing" at least 50 in the few months I had it.Texting worked great but the auto correct was far to ambitious with its assumed word choice. For instance, I would type "Le" and it would auto fill in "Legitimate" Not that i never used that word, but it jumps the gun a little to quickly.Toward the end of this phones very short life it began to give me random "calibration tests" nearly every time I wanted to use the phone. It was completely inoperable until the test (up to 5 min) was complete.They make listening to your messages a task.Once again I will say that this phone was really great for the first 6-8 months, after the "meltdown" all of the cons started to pop up. Did put this phone through several different sim cards which may have has something to do with it.To this phones credit I did put it through a lot of serious use and it really did take some abuse. But for the serious phone user, I would not recommend.For those who would be purely using this as a phone for calls and occasional texts, this is a good buy. Just don't expect to use the Internet often without serious consequences.

okay, let me start by saying that its not an unlocked phone but a phone that is built for both CDMA and GSM which sometime they call international phone. so if you choose GSM mode in the connection, it should work fine with both AT&T; or T mobile. i have been using this phone for a month now. i am using it with T mobile, talk, text, web are working just like they are supposed to. it took me some time to get the hang of but finally i made it. the things i like about the phonePros- with the given features its cheap. (hundred and fifty bucks) guys, that is the biggest factor for me.- beautiful, big screen.- 3g enabled- extendable memory (i am using 8gb working fine)- full touch keypad- 5mp camera, no flash thoughcons- window OS is not the best. it take some time to get used to.and there are lot of other itty bitty things that i liked about this phone. i wans to buy one more but it is already out of stock and i don't think its coming back. as many have already mentioned, it is a little slow well, it is but 'only a little'. you can not compare it with a phone that cost three or even four times more. for this price i could not have got anything better.

This phone is working very good. We can insert any network sim card. It is looking very good. Excellent. Excellent.

The phone is not unlocked. It goes to verizon customer center on activation. The phone did not come in its original box. It cam in a box on which was written "Mobile Phone". No htc anywhere on the box. Tried calling a number and it went to verizon customer center. I dont believe this phone is unlocked.

How I can change language in HTC Imagio XV 6975?  Thanks. I can not use it because I can not change idiome

I saw a lot of reviews that indicated this phone was unlocked, and a lot that indicated it was not.  Well, I ordered mine from the The OEM Shop and it WAS NOT UNLOCKED.  A complete waste of time.Revision, they emailed me how to unlock it:1. START>SETTINGS>ALL SETTINGS>PERSONAL.2.TAP "PHONE"> NETWORK TAB3. UNDER "MODE OF OPERATION" SELECT THE DESIRED NETWORK FROM THEDROPDOWNI chose GSM and it worked fine for TMOBILE.

excellent phone for the price. Only thing is ,the battery dont last a full day.There are features That I still have to figure how to use.But other than that,it is a very good phone to have for the price.

Bought this three days ago. Made 28 phone calls so far and did some web surfing and multimedia stuff and still has 40% battery remaining! Sound quality is exceptional because it's loud and crispy clear as if the person on the other end is standing right next to you talking to you. I think overall music/call quality on this phone is well functioned. Try listen to the MP3 musics that came with this device and you'll know what I am talking about. Resolution 400X480 on a 3.6 inch screen is on par with some of the best resolution phones on the market. In addition, you can set more than one alarm with this phone. Aside from multimedia, work/business features are great. I've tried using Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint on this device (which are all built-in already) and they work very smooth so far!The only concern, if I have to pick one, is that the phone is not compatible with Blackberry HS 300 version 2.1 bluetooth, which I owned before as my previous phone is a Blackberry. It could be due to the fact that Blackberry bluetooth are more tailored towards Blackberry devices and thus not compatible with some HTC phones. It does work with the Blackberry Premium Stereo Headset though, which is nice!Other than this very minor issue, I call the HTC Imagio a superior smartphone. :D

A BIT OVERWHELMING. I WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THE TOUCH CALIBRATION AND AT TIME THE PHONE SEEMED TO HAVE A MIND OF ITS OWN AND JUST DO WHATEVER IT WANTED SOMETIMES!!

The phone came in an excellent condition (brand new)one day before it was supposed to arrive.  The suggestions by PromoCell on unlocking the phone and installing Opera browser were not necessary as the phone came unlocked, and the browser was already installed. Instant messaging started working as soon as I inserted my SIM card, but in order to get an automatic voicemail box, I had to call ATT and they gave me a direct number, which I logged in. I agree with a prior reviewer who mentioned that the phone has a slow processor. I would also add that the WI-FI does not seem to work nicely, but the reason may also be the same: processor. Other than that, it is a pretty good phone for the price (I paid 129 dollars and 5 dollars for shipping and handling). The phone uses ATT Edge network (it does not work on 3-G).

this phone is another example of the "unlocked truth" about unlocked cell phones; cannot get all features with all carriers! read the name of the carrier written on the phone, all features will work with that carrier! this htc imagio is described as unlocked, however verizon is clearly written at the top of the phone. get my drift? believe me i tried others. frankly, verizon was not my choice. with my choice t-mobile i cannot get all the features including the web because of the settings and connections! i rated this phone one star because the advertising is simply ambigious. bottom line: for best results use the carrier written on the phone!
