
This is a really good deal. I am glad I bought it. It was really easy and I was able to add it to my existing account.

All that money up front is steep, but over the long haul (6 months), you save over a months cost. I fully recommend it if you can.

I have been a customer of straight talk for about 4 months and had my account set to refill automatically with autopay. My account was up to date and paid.Woke up to find my phone was turned off for insufficient funds. So I waited until their service center opened at 8am est. And had them re-activate my phone, but in the process they reset my account, which lost my messages and data. Great service until there is a problem.

Bad card, caught in the middle, neither Straight Talk nor Amazon will give any satisfaction, deal with ST or Walmart's directly. CardArt is mysteriously missing from Amazon's rogue gallery. Mysteriously missing from everywhere. Tried to save a buck and got burnt.

I did not recieve my card. PG Sales printed priority mail mailing labels from home but I contacted postal service and they said THERE WAS NO SIGN OF PACKAGE BEING MAILED! They immediately charge your charge card and put delivery date WEEKS after purchase. They do not respond to any emails sent to them. DO NOT BUY FROM PG SALES! THEY ARE A FRAUD!!

Straight Talk refills cards have the best value of all refill cards. Better than Net 10. (My previous cell provider).

As of 12/26, Straight Talk flagged the card as stolen without prior warning and deactivated the SIM card. This is strange because the refill card was sent through Amazon Fulfillment Services.

I received the card within the expected time frame and had no problems entering the code on the website.Worked perfectly.

This is stupid. they are charging 499.99 for a 270.00 card. It even says 270.00 on the card. It is not right. Don't buy. Go to walmart!

The card was &#34;lost&#34; in transit, so I never got it. Amazon refunded the cost, but couldn't replicate the deal. I've gotten the impression that this wasn't an entirely uncommon occurrence for these cards.

Straight talk is a very good carrier for anyone who doesn't like to have tie with a 2-year contract.It even offer LTE services if you are in the targeted area which I find is a bonus.With this 6 months refill card, I could get my monthly rate to a even lower price. will definitely re-purcahse

Does what it's supposed to do....extend my Straight-Talk plan for 180 days (not quite 6 months - so don't be surprised when it seems like the extension is short of time.) No special thing when at the regular price.

I have ordered this phone cards for several times already.  It is a great deal to get a 6 months cards for $199.  The delivery was fast and I have not had any issues expect when we are going to see more available for sale?

Straight Talk (AT&T) works great with my Galaxy Nexus. Only catch is AT&T doesn't allow mobile video chat, T-Mobile does.

Straight talk deactivated everyone who bought these cards (over the last 3 months) on the day after Christmas.  There was a news story about a person who stole these cards from Walmart and then pretended to be a Walmart supervisor. [...]

Don't use Straight talk. Been there done that. Very bad service/coverage. The reps are very hard to reach and they also lie.

Got this for a great price, and have added it to my ST reserve, extending me for another 6 months.

Who can dislike saving money on their cell phone service?  I buy these cards with Amazon Prime when they go on sale and my friends are all amazed by how little I pay per month.  The cards are legit, as I've refilled my Straight Talk account with one, no problem.  When you buy with Prime, there's no risk.

it doesn't take to long to ship and it works as it should.  These do not appear to be stolen.

Do not buy refill card from seller from individual seller even it is on amazon. They aren't the authroized dealer. I cant use these refill card which I bought them in advance. Now I cant return it since it over 30 days. Straighttalk rep said amazon is not their authorized dealer. I have waste my money on these refill card. hope you won't fall to the same scam.

Yes, CardArt sold fraudulent cards. I happened to buy two of them! Since I loaded them as needed, one was actually almost a year old. So I assumed I was out almost $500.Now here's the good...no, the GREAT...part: Amazon, true to form with their excellent customer service...actually refunded both cards!! Yes, I had to return them at my cost...who wouldn't want to do that, to get a full refund (except for original shipping to me).I just can't say enough good things about these transactions. Amazon took a hit to keep a customer happy. And I am a very happy long-term customer with Amazon.OK, on to these cards. Straight Talk is my service and has been for over a year. My whole family has moved there from V....., who was charging an arm and a leg. And I HATE long-term contracts anyway.So buy your own phone (must be either from Straight Talk or a former AT&T; or maybe T-Mobile phone...be sure to read about compatibility, so you buy the right phone) and come on over. The living's fine over on this side!

I ordered 2 of these 6 month refill cards for $219 each. Both arrived within a few days and I added the time to my straight talk account without any issues. Saved $50 each vs the walmart price.

So far I am very pleased with straight talk service, and also PG sales who sold me the card.Unfortunately, PG sales no longer selling this card on amazon. I hope he comes back.

I think Straight Talk phone is the best. I am glad to have this phone service and will continue to support them.

Stay away.  My account was deactivated because they said I used a fraudulent card.  I had to call them up and clarify that I got this from Amazon.  Never buy ST refill cards from anyone except authorized dealer from now on.

For one, Straight Talk is an amazing service.  Yeah, they don't have the most amazing cutting edge cell phones that are super computers in your pocket, but they use the Verizon towers giving them amazing service (Verizon is the only service that will give me full signal without dead zones where I live in the mountains of the northeast).  They're like the cell phones from several years ago but get the job done very well for a small fraction of the cost.Now to the card here on Amazon.  It's nice to not have to refill at $45 a month every month.  That's just inconvenient to do.  So they have other options so you don't have to do that.  This is the six month unlimited everything plan, and at the rate of $45 a month it should be $270.  But somehow Amazon can sell it for about $200!  Now that's a deal!  I purchased this card and will continue to do so in the future making my cell phone bill a whopping $33.33 a month on average for unlimited minutes, text and mobile web.  You cannot beat it.  Thank you Amazon!

Best card I've found for my phone.  I hope to be able to purchase again when needed.  Received before stated time.  Thanks!

Straight talk data is slower than I expected, but the price is unbeatable.If you buy this six month card for $220 from amazon, you will end up paying $35 a month for unlimted everything, which is pretty sweet.  Even with slower than regular ATT 3g speeds, you still get the extensive coverage area that comes with ATT all for a fraction of the cost.Works great with the iPhone.

I got this for $219, which is a great deal. It works, I was able to add the minutes to my straight talk account reserve. Will keep watching out for this deal

Unbelievable ripoff and horrific inconvenience. Phone shut off by Straight Talk with out warning. Be warned. Never by a phone card from here unless you'd like your money to disappear.

I purchased a card in early September, received a physical card, and had been using the card successfully for 2.5 months. However, Straight Talk suddenly deactivated my account yesterday, telling me that the card was fraudulent. My service is currently shut off, pending further investigation. Amazon is not an authorized reseller of Straight Talk cards; don't risk it!

I am using it now and it works fine.  Buy it when the price is right.  I think I paid $230, which already a deal even before making a trip to Wal Mart to pay tax or going on line and paying e911 fees or whatever.

Works as expected, 219 for a 270$ value card is a steal. Please let me know when u get more of these

I bought two cards from Cardart for $219 each.  I received the cards in 3 days and immediately logged onto my Straight talk account and added the pin numbers.  As fast as I hit the enter key, I was instantaneously sent a text letting me know the the first card was accepted.  Ditto for card number two.  The text and my online account indicated that I am paid for the next 12 months until May 2014.My Google Nexus 4 phone with straight talk on AT&T; cost $755 for the year and I could reuse my old chargers from my last phone.  If I pay full price on the straight talk website for next year it will cost an additional $540 to bring my 2 year total to $1,295.For comparison, an iPhone 5 with unlimited talk/text and 3 GB of data per month will cost $3,116 for a 2 year commitment on AT&T;  (that doesn't include buying their proprietary charging cords).  Let's see, pay $3,116 for 2 years of an iPhone, or pay $1,235 an get a free all-inclusive Caribbean vacation valued at $1,821 and a a Google Nexus 4.  Have fun being trendy iPhone users, I'll be on my free vacation with the money I saved:o

I saw a 6 month unlimited card they asking 499.00 i saw on walmart.com it sells for 249.99 or buy 6  1 month card  it comes out to 270.00they asking way to much for that card

Yes, these cards are fraud. Even if they work for a few months.  Straight Talk will deactivate your phone.  You will have to deal with Straight Talk to turn it back on and it will be the biggest headache of your life.  On the bright side, you will have to deal with Amazon to get a refund and they will back you up 100% and you will wish you could marry them.

In my experience, I was on vacation when my phone got deactivated.Yes, the price may be good, but do you like to be stranded?It's probably not worth the savings of a few bucks a month if it means you are out of luck and can't make a phone call in the event that you do need to.

This is higly priced.In walmart the refill card for 6 months is priced only $270 or lessThe same card for 3 months is only $125 in walmart.

I have switched over to straight talk a little over 6 months ago and have nothing but great things to say about it. I switched from AT&T and save half of what I paid for.....for the SAME cell service! I have traveled extensively throughout the midwest and have not lost service.

This refill card worked perfectly. My refill went through without a hitch. It extended my service another 6 months as advertised. This turns out to be a great deal compared to buying refill cards at Wal Mart all the time. Excellent Deal and product!

It was on sale for $220 at the time I purchased it.  Really good deal and it activated without any issues.  I hope this item goes on sale again!

Bought two of these back when. The cards worked just fine and I am still enjoying my year of prepaid cellular service.

Why would ANYONE pay $295 for a 'card' that has a face value of $270 and can be bought at straighttalk.com for $255?  Stupid people out there if you ask me.

Bought it from a &#34;reputable&#34; seller on amazon and my account got place on hold b/c it turn out the card were &#34;stolen&#34;. Becareful when you other these.Other than that. Great values

I was able to purchase this item for half a Benjamin less than the value printed on the front of the card from one of Amazon's sellers. It was an awesome deal for 6 months of service. I switched from AT&T; to Straight Talk (which still uses AT&T;) and I cannot tell the difference between the two services. Well, other than my bill being half of what it previously used to be :)I highly recommend.

This is the 2nd time I've ordered the 6 month card from Card Art for $219. Both times they activated with no problem. Used up my first, so I ordered another. They don't have them for sale very often, but when they do, buy it.FYI, the card says $255 for 180 service days now instead of the $270 pictured on Amazon. I guess Straight Talk lowered their prices. So the $219 card isn't as great a deal as it used to be compared to the retail price, but its still worth it if you can snag one. $440 for an entire year of cell service is ridiculously cheap!

I redeemed a year refill card around November 1st and the card worked for a couple months. However, today I tried to place a phone call and was told the refill card was stolen. I have not spent an hour on the phone with both Amazon and Straight Talk (TracFone) and still have not received a refund. I would strongly recommend not buying from this seller. I will keep this review updated through the refund process (if I end up receiving a refund).

I admit I was nervous about purchasing this card at $220 but it worked as advertised.  I purchased this to work with the Samsung Proclaim I ordered from WalMart.  It was also my first service card so for anyone looking to start with StraightTalk this will work.  The phones come with an activation card and then you need to link your service card to the phone (either on their website which is what I did or by calling a number from another phone).  All in all it was very straight forward and of course saved me a bundle.I will buy this again in 6 months when it's time to refill.

At $219 for 6 months, it was the best deal I've seen anywhere.Went to straight talk website, added the code to my account and done, no problems at all.I'm glad I ordered two, now I'm paid for a full year.

not to much to say about this deal other than awesom.. saved $50 by buying this pre paid card.  not to mention when using the pre pay card you don't pay monthly tax on the straight talk bill.

Get these refill cards at a discount, save me a lot at cell phone bill, works great in my area. But be warned that Straight Talk's unlimited data is actually not, throttled or cut out of data service did happen to someone else. I think they should just be straight-forward and say that 1.5G or 2G limit at high speed, and after that reduced speed or something like other carriers would do and won't get many angry users.

Buying these cards work great.  When the price drops to 220, it is a great deal.  The service has been great for me so far.

If you want a great deal with good service and don't want to waste 100+ a month on a cell phone bill, this is by far the best option available.

Dont buy this its a rip off go to walmart or buy it from straight talk. This product is a scam

After receiving the card I entered in the number to extend my plan for 6 month.  Everything looked like it was going smoothly until my phone got cut off a few months later.  I called support to find out why and they said the cards I have purchased have been stolen.  You won't know if the cards is stolen until your phone get cut off.

Who would pay 355. For a card that says 270.? we're looking for a deal not to be ripped off.

The pin number for the 6 month card worked perfectly.  I was even able to stack two of them, so I'm good for a year.  Saved me some money.  Thanks!

This worked just fine. I saved a lot of money instead of buying this at Walmart. With prices rapidly increasing way faster than wages, a person really needs to shop and save where they can.Updating this ON JANUARY 3, 2014 because my phone just got de-activated by straight talk!! What a hassle-I have to send in an email with my invoiceand wait 24-48 hours before my phone gets re-activated, plus I was on hold for 30 minutes!DO NOT BUY THIS CARD!!!!! IF IT'S TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE, IT USUALLY IS!UPDATING-JANUARY 6, 2014-Okay. Finally received txt from Straighttalk, powered phone off and back on and have service restored. I also have kept my refill card and I chatted with Amazon and they sent me a return authorization label. That was very nice of Amazon. (Sometimes it pays to be a pack rat)

Horrible customer service. Would not return emails. Waited 2 weeks for a response before sending defective card back. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy. Stay away from CardArt!!!

Super cheap and quick to install on Straighttalk Phone.  No problems with the code.  All was legitimate.  $33 bucks/mo for unlimited phone service!  Awesome.  I know some people are upset that Straighttalk is not truly unlimited, but that is really a non-issue especially if you use Wii-Fii when it is available or you want to watch movies.

This 6-month card works great for extending your StraightTalk service. The seller only puts these up for sale every few weeks on Amazon, but when they do, it's about 20% less than the $270 retail price... you can't beat it. A physical card arrived promptly within a few days of purchasing, with an unscratched PIN, I quickly scratched it and added it to my girlfriend's plan extending her service 6 additional months. Seems like below negative reviews reference a higher price being charged than the $270... however again, that was not the case when I purchased this (mine was $219.99).You can purchase this same card at Walmart or on StraightTalk.com, but not for the price offered here. I've rated 5 stars for the best price I've found on a 6 month ST card and for quick shipping. I hope more become available soon so I can stock up!

Best deal on Amazon cards are totally legit.  They send the scratch off cards and not just refill you account like the cheap refills on Ebay.

have been ST customer for 3+ months and like them a lot.  I use ST "auto pay" feature so the bill is paid automatically every month.  How could I use a card like this to pay 6 months at once?  Thanks.

Like many others, my TWO phones have been disconnected by Straight Talk. These are stolen or purchased with a stolen Credit Card. It makes sense once Straight Talk explained it to me. They ONLY SELL refill cards through Wal-Mart or their website. This seller was selling ST cards at a discount price that must have been purchased from Wal-Mart or ST direct at a retail price. That is very self explanatory. I am out nearly $500 thanks to this scumbag of a thief and also have no phone service during the worst winter weather in the last 30 years at my home. I would love to get a hold of this person's information to seek legal action. These dollar amounts and transactions are FELONIES! My only hope now is Amazon's A-Z assurances and I have high hopes for that considering Amazon's stellar track record of taking care of their costumers.

Great price for the product and it is well packaging. I cannot wait to see more of this product with this great price.

If any of you got this card for $499, then you my friend would be a fool... Don't be a fool, stay in school, and you'd see fool. LOL

I had several months of service and added card to tail end this card was supposed to put my end date to June 21 2014.  Today was just disconnected from my service  Beware

This was the best price I have found.  The card activated really quick without any problems.  I would recommend to anyone.

Product was activated very quickly.  They requested my phone number and within an hour I had 6 months added to my phone.  Loved it.  I did not have to added it myself.
