
I got this phone in speedy time none the less i'm not impressed...This phone says it's unlocked but really it's not...now i'm stuck with a phone that is not unlocked and t-mobile nor att will unlock it...I'm also stuck with the accessories...Don't buy this item or any item from OEM...They're nothing but liers...I thought this phone was a good buy but after this i'm never buying anything from amazon again. these guys are nothing buy rip off artists...They'll sell you a phone alright but it won't be unlocked!

I love this phone. I ordered it from The OEM Shop. Why do they have bad reviews? The phone came new, it came with the USB Cord, Headphones and the charger. :D It's so cute! It's rose pink. :DThe only problem I have is that the headset only has one earphone on it, not two. That's kind of weird but I have a headphone from the Gravity 2 so I could use that one.I love this phone! :D----Update 3/17/2012I've dropped it a lot but it works great still. I haven't had problems with it. This phone is just a replacement of my Gravity 2 that broke in late August. But at the end of this month I'm buying an HTC Sensation so this phone will be a back up for that phone.

I love this phone, it does everything the newer phones do yet it is smaller and has gret battery life.  The original battery that came with the phone did burn out so I had to replace it.. but at on $5 who cares.  I also added 8GB storage to house 1000 pictures, that was a great idea!! Though it doesnt help with the text message room I guess it is a plus as far as photos and I do tend to take alot of those... lol.. To tell you how great the phone really is: I have the option to upgrade to other phones at this point, but, I think I will stick with what I have and wait for something incredible.  It is to bad though, I dont think it is available through TMobile anymore.

Latasha SmallDepartment Of Consumer AffairsThe OEM ShopHello,just wanted to say thank you for the perfect service. I'll look forward to doing business with you in the future.

I liked this product when I read the reveiw on line but, when I got it was not all that. First, the battery does not last more than 30 minutes of strait talk,and set up for the dial is very hard to use, I write and erase because it clicks the wrong letter. I don't browse online or download any thing on my phone from the web, but still the baterry dies more ofeten. I would not recomend this phone to anyone. Please don't waist you money on this product.

I have had this model before worked great. This one the battery giggles loose turns the phone off, which  I don t know until I look at it again. I keep it taped in position only works for awhile

Not like new, look like opened by someone, and missing bettry, cable and user menu, I will return it. I never saw this kind of saler.

Sold as unlocked and it's not. I wrote a complain and asked for return. They sent a nice e-mail appologizing and asking to wait for return instructions. Then after a couple of weeks they sent another e-mail saying that they made a confusion and the return should be claimed to Amazon, but at this time the return period was expired.

I'm very upset because what I got is not a half of what I expected. I have to say that this cellphone comes without data cable nor earphones. the box is very different from the ones i saw when looked for information about this phone. even the reference guide is a simple piece of paper that can be hardly read.Evidently, this is not a new phone. It sounds badly.the sound is very, very low: I can almost hear it when ringing.In summary, a complete dissapoint. I had a good concept of the products I got from amazon so far.

I ordred 2 samsung behold phones from lets talk.com. They were advertised as unlocked. They were not unlocked. I had to pay $110.00 to unlock them. They offered me a free accessory.for my trouble. I like the phones. I am sorry I ordered them from Letstalk.com.

telefono que no sirve no carga la bateria la bateria original vino da&ntilde;ada no trajo manos libres un muy mal producto no lo recomiendo perdi mi dinero y el precio nada economico para tan mal producto por favor lean y no lo compre para que eviten pasar un mal rato.carlosde guarenas venezuela-

Bought for my wife, all functionality claimed has been working really well. My wife is pretty happy about this phone and specially good cam

I love this Samsung Behold phone.  It has a good touch screen and is easy to use.  It would have cost me much more to buy a new one with the dealer.  The cost was affordable and the phone lasted long.

I like the size as it is just right for my wife. The 5MP camera is a welcome improvement. I like the flexibility of putting any sim card in and it works.

sleek and stylish phone very easy to use. only problem is when receiving pics it warns of roaming charges if i continue. im not getting charged but its a bit annoying.great camera and easy to use if you prefer an uncomplicated devices as i do.all in all good phone for the price.

I recieved my phone rather fast was very excited about that but once i turned the phone on and started playing with it it would power off than would turn back on so i contacted the seller and he offered to send me a new battery I have emailed the seller a number of times sence than and have heard nothing from them the phone now will not turn on what so ever i am very upset with the product and more so with the seller I would not recommend this product nor the seller to anyone.

glad it is over........ not a good description............ not sure why they refused my return in the mail after we spoke by email. asked for my paypal info.......

i have ordered this for my wife. She is extremely unhappy about this phone. Not user friendly.Don't recommend this at all. just using as we bought it.

Hola I have a problem with article buy and nesecito locate personnel responsibly to my due claim thank me indicate via mail. davrodriguez@chiquita.com

My daughter really loves this phone. I was really pleased with the price and the seller got it out super fast.  Its very user friendly and the pefect fit not to big not to small. Definatly a good investment.

I was happy when my box arrived so quickly, but when I opened it I was none too happy about the small size when it CLAIMS to have a 4.1 in display!  It is only 4.1 inches long, and the display is not what I wanted, I was looking for a larger phone for easier reading, It is a nice phone if you are in the market for smaller sleek phone.

This phone is too out dated it was the worst gift ever my daughter was so mad I don't see why they are still being sold

I was weary of buying a cell phone online rather than in the Tmobile store, but I was very pleased. The phone is in excellent working condition, and I have no problems with it. It arrived quickly.

the cell works well, is nice, good camera and an excellent touch screen. The interface is very friendly. It's a good cell for that price

the phone is very user friendly. i am recommending it to anyone who is thinking of buying a good phone at any given time.its really good

I've had this phone for over 2 years now through T-mobile, and can still say that I love it:) Its been a great phone to me and even though I currently have the option to buy a new phone I am quite hesitant due to the poor reviews on the new Android phones. The one thing I did not like about this phone is that there is no option to change the screen saver. But i got over that. The battery is great, lasts me 1.5 - 2 days still, even when I use the internet.

Okay, so I'm looking for an unlocked gsm phone. Do you know if this phone is really unlocked? And also, can I use it for AT&T?? Please answer, and thank you very much!!

If you only need a phone with normal functions as taking good pictures, sending messages, and making phone calls, this product will definitely be a great one... Its camera is pretty good.. Those pictures that I took from this phone is probably better than Nokia Xpress Music 5800 for some reasons.. they're brighter

My second purchase with Amazon.com was also a good chose the Samsung Behold T919. I like it, but I believe my service provider is not that great...Simple Mobile.  I cant seem to get the Web, and cant enter my account with Facebook. But, otherwise, I can take picture, good one, text, the basic is fine.....the screen display, I love it...great phone, really. Yet, I am still searching for a phone without the touch screen...it not for me...I need one with a full keyboard...I would and do recommend the Samsung Behold T919 for those who can handle touch phones.

If you just want a super-cheap, low-quality, prepaid touch screen phone that can make voice calls and text messages, take grainy pictures and legally-blind videos, this is the phone for you.The main feature of this camera is its 240x400 pixel pressure-based touch screen, you can calibrate the sensitivity of the touch and it does react to both biological (skin/heat) and pressure based (nails/pen tip) stimuli.It does have an emulated QWERTY keyboard mode for certain inputs, it automatically switches to that when you turn the phone on its side (re-orienting its long side to downward gravity). The keyboard does work quite well, but certain buttons/controls/widgets on the far left do not react to input coordinates correctly and often result in the wrong letter being hit on.The overall user-interface (UI) is very slow and many the important customizations like putting shortcuts (which they call "widgets") on the home screen just are not available.This is a prepaid phone that works on T-Mobile, the cheapest pay-as-you-go plan around I have come across, and it does feature GPS with a program called Telenav (which is not entirely free). The Telenav GPS Navigator is basically a road map system that is NOT suitable for real-time driving situations. It features address lookup, favorites storage, and 2D/3D maps which can follow you as you walk (not drive or even if you are a passenger/navigator, because it is just too slow). It also requires a paid contract subscription to work, the free version only has map and GPS no route plotting.There are customizable ring tones for calls and text messages, with 5 different "sound profiles"; normal, silent, vibration, vehicle, and outdoor. You can customize both calls and text message ring tones separately from sounds files (mp3's) from your computer/memory card.E-Mail support is nearly non-existent, none of the carriers work and dosen't even support basic POP3 or any of the more useful carriers. Prepaid plans on T-Mobile also do not support data so e-mail is even more out of reach.The 5MP camera took terribly noisy and blurry shots, this is one of the worst cameras I have come across. It also did not have manual white-balance setting, and color temperature matching seemed to be one of its biggest weaknesses.It does have a (rather long 1 second sustaining) flash to help in dark situations (which is virtually all indoor situations) an even then it produces a radial gradient highlight in the center of the picture and does not look like a true flash/strobe on the picture..It also uses a proprietary USB cable to connect to your computer, and you have to buy that separately. The phone also has no on-board memory, you must buy a separate Micro SD memory card. The memory card also can not be unmounted/ejected without turning the phone off, removing the cover, removing the battery first.You can play audio MPEG layer 3 mp3's, h264 or MPEG-4 videos in mp4 containers and swf flash videos, but not flash games. All videos must be 320x240 resolution or smaller and the accompanying audio stream must be in AAC encoding (not MPEG layer 3 or anything else).Physical-wise, the body of the camera looked very cheap, almost like a disposable sardine can, it does come in a few metallic colors in addition to black. I got the rose pink one. The edges are kind of slippery, which makes the whole "Beholding" process kind of tricky, you may want to get a rubber/tacky case grip.There is an embedded latch in the body for a leash/lanyard, which I like, but I didn't like the latch being in the corner.The USB input is also proprietary, which means you have to buy a Samsung T919 USB cable if you want to connect it to a computer or any device with USB input. The phone does support Bluetooth as an alternative, but no WIFI.

this phone was very bad . i didnt like it at all . i even returned the phone , first of all the back cover would fall off every time . id be scared to carry it around with me . it is a very delicate phone . i know that you wouldnt like this phone ,SO DONT BUY IT . and the screen is very delicate just by touching it by my nail there was the first scratch . i returned the phone . it was absolutely worthless of my money.

I have become so accustomed to smartphones, that going back to T9 is a little confusing. It's an alright phone, but not worth the price. My smartphone was cheaper than this.

I got the phone very quuick and it was in exellent conditions. I started using right away. I highly recomended.

This phone is very good, its performance is excellent, the screen is very sensitive ... and is very strong ...

It was a great phone while it lasted, it died on me(well the speak is now dead) I can make calls, people on the other side can hear me, but I cant hear them, no sound at all. Besides that it has been a great phone for the bast 3 years, I use it with my bt now. It should last me another 3 years, hopefully.

I purchased this phone a couple months ago and I would highly recommend it. I`m 12 yrs old and like to text, the keypad is good, but i still prefer to use a stylus sometimes. I camera is awesome (lots of options, and editing tools), and you can take quality videos.This phone isnt the most durable, I dropped it on cement and its chipped on the corners and the silver outlining on the On/off buttons fell off (doesnt look bad without it though).The battery life is mediocre and I need to charge it about every 2/3 days, but I use my phone a lot.The touch screen works very well, and has an immediate response.I have loved this phone and give it 5 stars.

is a phone that really not fill my expectations, as it is a bit complicated to handle phone, plus it is very problematic to install applications, the configuration of the Internet is disgusting how hard it is and I had to pay for it even technical configured.Phone really do not recommend it for its price-value relationship. The only thing you can not deny is the 5MP camera that has, for the rest I do not like at all

SWEET PHONE FOR TRADE MEN AND WOMEN WHO NEEDS TO KEEP PHOTOS OF THEIR WORK. THIS PHONE IS FULL OF FEATURES INCLUDE TEMPERATURE, LENGTH AND WEIGHT CONVERTION METRIC TO STANDARD OR OPPOSITE.

Great phone in brand new condition. I bought it for my Grandmother and I took it for a test drive and I was impressed with its features and the camera. The camera isn't the greatest compared to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 but it take decent pictures and there's a flash too so the low lit pictures still look good. The seller gave us exactly what we were looking for.

I bought this phone for a family member overseas because I had this phone myself it was a solid purchase after a couple years it's still working properly.

Phone is not unlocked, it didn't work with two different 3G overseas carriers, contrary to the sellers claim. I contacted them to get the unlock code, instead I was told some cock and bull story that it can only be used in the US bla bla bla. Once again I asked for the unlock code to do it myself, and this time they got really worked up about not been eligible for a refund since it was purchased more than 30 days ago, even though I never asked for a refund the, all I wanted was to salvage my investment trying to get it working even at an additional cost. I realized I wasn't getting anywhere with the seller, so I set out to purchase the unlock code, for which some info is required besides the make and model and the IMEI # available from the phone, namely the name of the carrier the phone is currently locked to which only the sewhich an supply, which by the way seems to be a touchy subject since so far I have not heard from them again which makes me suspicious of the origin of these phones, although branded Samsung but made in china. Could they be fakes?To summarize, I got stuck with a piece of garbage. I am surprised that Amazon hasn't pulled the plug on this seller, since I noticed others voicing the same complaint about some of their phones not being unlocked.

This was purchased in 2009 with a contract renewal with T-Mobile for $250 (with rebate). This is the Samsung SGH-T919 or &#34;Behold&#34; as it's known. This is the American release of the Samsung F480 Tocco handset released in the European and Asian markets.I was very impressed with this handset. I had been a faithful Motorola and LG consumer in the past, but when my fiance (now wife) got this I was so impressed that I sold my LG KU990 &#34;Viewty&#34; and got a Samsung M8800 Pixon, similar to the Behold but with an 8-MP camera and 3.2&#34; screen. Handling is excellent. It feels weighty in the hand and makes it easy to hold on to. It's high quality and good-looking too. It's made of metal and plastic, but feels hefty. The battery cover is made out of aluminum with a brushed finish. You can get it in different colors: espresso and rose pink.

This was purchased in 2009 with a contract renewal with T-Mobile for $250 (with rebate). This is the Samsung SGH-T919 or "Behold" as it's known. This is the American release of the Samsung F480 Tocco handset released in the European and Asian markets.I was very impressed with this handset. I had been a faithful Motorola and LG consumer in the past, but when my fiance (now wife) got this I was so impressed that I sold my LG KU990 "Viewty" and got a Samsung M8800 Pixon, similar to the Behold but with an 8-MP camera and 3.2" screen. Handling is excellent. It feels weighty in the hand and makes it easy to hold on to. It's high quality and good-looking too. It's made of metal and plastic, but feels hefty. The battery cover is made out of aluminum with a brushed finish. You can get it in different colors: espresso and rose pink.It's a TFT touchscreen "bar" handset. It's compact at 4.1 in. high, 2.1 in. wide, and .5 in. thick, which made it one of the most compact touch screen devices of the time. It weighs about 4 ounces.It has a 3 in. TFT touchscreen with 240x320 pixels and 256k colors. The screen is very responsive (for a resistive type screen) and has haptic feedback (small vibrations when you tap the screen). The screen has good resolution, is bright, and doesn't wash out in direct sunlight as some others did.The feature set is impressive:Quad-band GSMUMTS 2.1 GHz.HSDPA 3G 3.6 MBps. and WCDMA connectivityClass 10 EDGE 2GFull QWERTY virtual keyboard with predictive text input/T9, alphanumeric input.Accelerometer for auto-rotate portrait/landscape modesHaptic feedback vibrationMP3 polyphonic downloadable ringtones1000 entry phonebook with photocalling capabilityMicroSD card capability up to 8GBA2DP V. 2.0 BluetoothUSB V. 2.0MIDP Java 2.0 compatibility5 MP camera with autofocus, dual LED flashQVGA video recordingFull HTML supported Web browserWAP 2.0/xHTMLMultimedia player plays MP3, MP4, WMA, WMV, AAC, and WAV formatDocument viewer Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Adobe PDF filesDigital organizer, calendar, voice recording/memoand a lot more...This phone isn't a "smartphone" so you won't get a full email client with Outlook or document editor software or other features, but you do get a great multimedia device that will do just about everything you want it to do. the 5 MP camera takes great pictures with a lot of color, clarity, and details. Macros are also good. You get a great user interface for the camera functions with a ton of adjustable functions. You get a digital zoom, autofocus, multiple scene modes (sport, night, and others you'll find on a digital camera). However, low-light shots are very noisy and the flash overexposes them (it's too powerful at close range, which is what it's meant for). Videos are good enough to be useable, but don't expect much. This isn't D1 video recording.Texting is very easy and fun because the screen is sensitive and the keyboard is large and well laid-out. The full HTML Web browser with 3.6mbps 3G is one of the Behold's highlights and it works great. Web pages loaded fast, but there's no Flash support and the interface is less than smooth. The media player is simple and easy to use, but it's hampered by the lack of a standard 3.5mm headphone jack. You get Samsung's proprietery jack with an adaptor for a 3.5mm jack. There's no MicroUSB jack either. You use a supplied cable with Samsung's own connector.The user interface is Samsung's TouchWhiz, which gives you customizable Widgets that can be accessed from a pop out sidebar or by dragging them onto the "desktop." It's a good UI, but it limited by its lack of customization. Thanks to Java 2.0 support, games worked great and there are a lot to choose from on T-Mobile's T-Zones.So there it is in a nutshell. After 2 years of use and abuse (went for a swim in a toilet the camera died but everything works great!) this is still a great phone. It's durable, high quality Samsung hardware with useful and practical features.The only gripes I have is the lack of WiFi connectivity (a BIG one in my book), the standard 3.5mm headphone jack, and a bigger screen.

This phone is terrible. DONT BUY IF YOU HAVE ATT! The internet will not work! If you want to spend money on an unlocked phone, look elsewhere!

&iexcl;yo tuve mala suerte!... , porque me llego un telefono que aparentemente esta' defectuoso.pero lo bueno es que amazon me da la posibilidad de devolverlo.y creo voy a probar con otro nuevo.me gusto lo que vi del telefono.

I HAVE THE BROWN ONE AND ITS A NICE PHONE I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT MY LITTLE GIRL LOVES IT SO MUCH NOW SHE WANTS THE PINK ONE,ITS EASY USE ITS A WONDERFUL PHONE I HAVE NO BEEFS WITH IT.

I'm so glad that I found someone who still sells this phone!I am extremely happy with my purchase!Phone was brand new, I didn't see a USB to connect the phone to the computer tho, bummer!

At first when I ordered this phone I thought it was going to be amazing. I received the phone in less than three days after I have placed an order so it was pretty nice not having to wait for like a week or so. The packaging was okay but for some reason the phone doesn't come with headphones an the wire for the charger is pretty small. Seriously the phone started turning off the first day I got it an the screen freezes sometimes. by the way the phone doesn't come with a memory card but I had one an when I put it in at first it worked but the second day it started forgetting the songs on the memory card so you have to restart your phone to listen to your music each time it stops working. The phone is pretty useless. this is my second week of using this phone an I'm already experiencing a lot of problems with it so If I were you, I wouldn't waste my money on this phone.

Es un buen telefono, vale lo que cuesta, para ser un telefono sencillo, hasta ahora lleva meses de uso y le va bien. llego desbloqueado y funcionando correctamente.

Hi,I like your service provided me to solve the problem I have with Samsung Behold T919.  I want to remove my previous review comments but I am not sure how to do that. Thanks for all your support.Thanks,Kalyan

I purchased this phone, it got here pretty fast,but I was disappointed in how bad it sucked so I pawned it for $30.00 so basically I lost 60 but I just didn't want it no more! Do not buy this phone!!

I bought this Samsung behold and after using it for about a year, it freezes up. I can't make call or view anything on the phone, it's useless now and waited my money.

i researched phones , before i bought this 1 i got tired of  getting a phone just because it was " free" todays phone market theres always something for everyone. i was looking for a full function phone that wasnt android or an iphone because applications use alot of data and since i have a very moderate data plan 100 mbs this was important. i was looking for a phone that was actually responsive when you hit the touch screen.Im with tmobile because virgin has very limited coverage. i like prepaid because their plans are just as cheap as the contract and im not tied down [Even though ive been offered contracts and really cool phones]. the behold i like even though its an older phone. it has a 5 mega picts cam flash. you can browse the net text are easy and for 100.00 no way to complain. reliability is good wish it had a 3.5 jack for a headphone  but you can get adapter as i did for 2.00 that lets you use standard headphones.tmobile just got bought up by ATT.. bummer but maybe the FCC will not approve it.

went the phone no have android market is only simple phone no due nothing only make phone call and whit this price you can get better phone more nice than that.

I love this phone! Point blank. It's touch screen so it's easy to use -- especially if you like to text.

El tel&eacute;fono estaba rayado y el cargador tambi&eacute;n, no trae cable usb ni aud&iacute;fonos. Es mejor pagar mas y comprar un articulo de mejor calidad.

Love the phone best you can get with out going to Android. Would definately recommend this phone for someone who doesn't want an android.

To many issues with this phone including screen going out of calibration and touch screen stop working after a while (6 months)This is the third phone that T-mobile had send me. Avoid at all cost.

I loved the New Behold Samsung phone. It is awesome. If your looking for a great up to date phone buy this phone. I love it the voice recognition and application & internet options are great. The camera is nice and editing feature is great.Mp3 is awesome too. The video's play great too.So many benefits i can't list them all just buy the phone.

I like the phone, but I was disappointed that only the phone charger, battery and user guide was included in the box, I expected this phone to have the micro SD-card,hands-free head set and USB Data Cable included, this is the first time that I bought a phone and it did not include these standard accesories, other than that I like the phone, but I have to now go and purchase these accesories which should have been included with the phone.

All the steps that make the internet were very good, is purchasing the cell phone without any novelty, congratulates them and move on to be a very serious and respected company.

This is not a smart phone, this is a wanabe smart phone, and it failed miserably. I would never buy this phone again.
