
This phone is terrific.  Everything works as it should, BUT the battery life is dismal.  Using it for, say, 10 texts and the battery is half dead.  I will call my carrier and see if they will supply a new battery.  Maybe it's a lemon.  I will correct this review to update.

Took to store to have number changed to new phone. Not a sprint phone, even though it had sprint written all over it. Very unhappy with. Returned immediately

its ok. I changed from a Samsung galaxy and its not as sturdy however  I like it and it will do for now

I'm not a techie who requires all the latest bells and whistles, so it's a good phone for my basic needs.

great love it

Its a better phone and has a bigger screen and is easy to use. Longer battery life and more durable

Got it very fast, and it looks almost new.  Ordered it to replace one of my damaged phones. Called sprint and had it working in about 10 minutes.  Good product.

This is my first purchase from this vendor, and I am extremely satisfied. It came in a nice aftermarket package with a wall charger, quick start manual, and new battery. I haven't had any issues with the phone other than smartphone batteries die quickly, but that's irrelevant. The phone practically looks brand new, and the screen and buttons are flawless. The only wear I discovered on the phone was on the sides a bit, which are easily hidden with a phone cover. No one can tell I own a $450.00 phone and paid less than $200.00 for it. Thanks Amazon.

This phone has some odd quirks.  I'd return it if it hadn't taken me a couple of weeks to figure out it's oddities.

Phone is in Awesome shape, works great, and had no trouble adding it to our service......thank you so much! I will definitely use Amazon and the company again.

i order this phone for my husband for father's day because he love this phone because his had a cracked screen so i found this one and it turn out that the phone does not read the sd card when you put it in and when you turn it on and off it makes this crackling noise this just make me not want to order from amazon again beacuse of people like this thats selling damage items

I ordered a NEW phone, and received I'm guessing a refurbished phone.  The charger port you could tell had track marks from being used.  The battery was scratched/marked up.  As soon as I opened it up, I took it to sprint to activate it and check if it was used/water damaged (I had read a review about one phone having the water mark show damage).  Sprint said there was sticky liquid IN the phone and wouldn't work very long.  All in all, the phone was not what they said it was. REFUND!!!!

The phone we received had a bad battery & freezes up constantly. It was like throwing your money away! Stay away!

I bought this phone and it was delivered within the 3 days that they said it would be! I activated it through my phone company and the phone itself would not keep a signal. It would say I had full reception then the next second it would say I had no reception. This would happen constantly so I contacted the company that I bought it from. They said it sounded like an internal component in the phone. They said to send it back and they would send me a new one. They were very nice and helpful. When I sent the phone back, I had a new one in a timely manner and I've never had problems with it. I love my phone and the company was very understanding. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I had phone problems when I got the first one, it does not reflect on the company. 5 stars for the company!

I absolutely love my HTC Evo 4g, when I purchased it, it read "Like Brand New," and it really was! I've had no problems with it and I would definetley buy from them again!

It was in a great condition there wasn't anything wrong with the phone itself. The battery was completely trashed though and despite it saying &#34;no contract&#34; I can only use it on a contract. I recommend anyone who buys this used to invest in getting an extended battery because it will last literally all day opposed to the lame 2 hours it last with the original battery.

Product came on time but for some reason the battery was not the correct model. Also I wasn't aware that the phone was missing the factory microsd card. The seller did make things right and sent me another battery. If the correct battery was included the review would be 5-star. No major wear and tear on this used product. Thanks

Trust worthy and in great condition. Even came with more than I thought was supposed to be in it. Still using it till today!

I chose this rating because when I first purchased this phone for my daughter it was fine, everything worked.  Now five months later and the phone is completely dead.  it will not charge at all.  This started happening about two weeks ago.  We have tried different chargers and it still will not work.  My daughter is in college and she was stuck without any means of communications.  I had to reactive an old phone I had so I could stay in touch with her.

My phone was delivered before the estimated delivery date which was great because the one I had was driving me crazy.It was new and came in the original packing just as described...the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because when I purchased the phone it was stated as "brand new" so I was bummed when I discovered it came with a universal charger not the original and the 8g memory card wasn't included either.Anyway phone works well.

Once you get used to it, it is a really good phone. Keeps her texts in order and the music speaker is pretty darn good.

It said it has a clean ESN number. Only if it is clean it will work with sprint service. But it said it is clean in the description. We took the phone to sprint and they could not make it work . We spent a whole day trying what the problem is. Then i sent an email to the vender and the customer service is good. They asked us to return the item and said they will make sure to send a phone with ESN number clean this time. Waiting for the phone to arrive.

This was my first purchase with Amazon and it went well. The product I bought was exactly what I thought I was buying. I will buy from there web site again. Can't wait until I can get air deliver to my front step.

When i received the Evo I was please and Sprint activated the unit without problems. And I wrote a review saying how please I was. However subsiquently I have found two issues that have greatly disappointed me.- 1st and most obvious is the screen has a yellowish tint and is quite visible when viewing white backgrounds giving the screen a jaundice appearance.- 2nd the device is DEFECTIVE a most serious short coming. The HDMI output, that HTC Evo brags of, does not work, connected the Evo locks-up total stops working. And only by removing the HDMI cable and  the battery and then replacing it, rebooting does the Phone work again.The product is clearly defective and does not preform as advertised. I strongly urge caution when purchasing this unit.John G. Dryden

After 1 week, phone stopped working. Took it to repair shop. They said the battery was damaged and the charge port was messed up.

I opened the box and everything was nice. I loved it. Then the next day I saw three cracks!! One next to the power button, one next to the volume button, and one next to the power cord slot. I was furious but I really needed it for the coming week. So, my bf talked me into keeping it.

The phone was very good, worked beautifully. The only thing is you may have minor issues with the battery life. But the customer service of the seller is amazing, he will help you with any problem that you have! Great buy, great customer service!

We needed a phone for my stepson so of course I went to Amazon. I loved the price & he loved the phone, great buy!

The port is not allowing the phone to charge sometimes...I have to play with the cord to force it to charge. Also, the screen has spots, blocking some of the view. I am.not happy at all! I wasted my money!!

phone has black lines errors keep popping and it powers down constantly. I would be really satisfied if I can get my money back because I shop on amazon all the time.

i like the phone and cant wait to get it in my possession it is better than my phone is

really good product considering its used, the phone looks like new. Camera isn't that great but its not that big of a deal.

Bought this for my husband after he decided he wanted a new phone and didn't want to wait for an upgrade. The phone lasted a few months but stopped charging. It was not the sellers fault we went to sprint and they get many of these phones coming back for charging issues. Seller was great and product was delivered quickly.

HTC working fine only one concern is the batteries life. It's a great phone but the battery life suck really bad...

This phone went from okay to terrible in 2 days, then got even worse from there. First, the charging port was loose. It had to be in a certain position for it to charge at all, and it was a pain to keep it in that position. Then the touch screen would stop working at random intervals, and a lot of the time it would start spazzing out and typing random things and clicking on things when i wasn't even holding the phone. It made doing anything on it difficult. Then the camera stopped working a few weeks after having it. Eventually, the phone turned off and just wouldn't turn back on. This is not a phone I would ever suggest to anyone, as many of the problems I experienced had been a regular thing with this phone. I had it for maybe a month at most before it broke for good. My experience with this phone was terrible.

My daughter bought this because I liked my EVO, unfortunately this didn't ladt even 6 months before it wouldn't charge (common problem with the EVO). I think I will stick with Galaxy!

Do not purchase this item under any circumstances! I wasn't even able to put services on the phone because the euid numbers wete burned away! Please don't buy!!

It was also not the 4G EVO, but was an international version. The phones mic did not pic up the voice well and was a waste of money.

The came fast and was brand new I think, even though it was said to be used, you would have never known, and the price was right.

Ordered the phone thinking I was buying a new product, but I believe they are actually selling a refurbished unit.  The box was different than what Sprint sells, the battery was DOA, there was no charger/cable and no warranty book in the box.  Also for some reason it could only be activated in the store, which cost me $35.  Amazon agreed to refund 20% as compensation which only pays for the activation and charger/cable, with nothing for the time and trouble of having to reprogram a phone.  I will probably return it and not trust Amazon again because this is an obvious misrepresentation.  They should have given me some credit for trouble, a full refund, and provide me with a NEW phone.  Very disappointing Amazon!

At first the phone seemed slow and the internet took forever to load but now its just fine.I have a used one because I had this phone before and it cracked..don't ever drop it lol! But I bought a case for it and I love it!

This was the second phone I purchased within 2 weeks on Amazon for my daughter. The first time I bought a refurbished one from another seller. Luckily for me it would not charge on the first day so I was able to get a refund and purchase this phone.  I am very happy with it and all is going well.  Thanks a bunch

Screen on the camera is severely scratched.  Clearly not a new phone, there is dust all over the back of the phone, under the cover.

Phone stopped working about a month after I purchased it. It is a battery hogger, and the connection to charge phone stopped working, it wouldn't take a charge. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE!

i got this phone almost 2 months ago and already the screen does not light up half the time and i cant do anything not even answer a call.  i got this phone cause i got on my sisters other line and its not time to upgrade. i will have to get another phone cause i have kids and when it dont work half the time i cant see or answer the when some one calls [i have missed doctors calls cause of this issues]

This phone is amazing.  Nice, sleek and very durable. Battery does not last too long though.  It even survived a roll over accident I had...it was thrown from the car and landed on the road.  All I did was put the battery and backing on and turned it on, it worked!!!

I think that this phone has a lot of good qualities I wouldn't look for in other ones. Ultimately it is what I wanted, but more than I wanted at the same time. Batteries on new phones always seem a bit lame, but who cares. I hate how Google Play updates suck the battery dry, but that is not an HTC thing if you ask me. It is powerful and performs well.

The phone was sent to me and when i went to activate it, it was reported stolen so they could not activate it. When they sent me another after i returned it the battery was damaged and it had no charger. It was a large waste of time and money.

I've had this phone for a year. Over time I've had more and more issues. First, it was small annoyances. The earphone jack stopped working. Every time I plugged it in it would call the last # dialed. I stopped using that feature. The cord it comes with is loose and doesn't always give a good charge. I wouldn't rely on the car charger either because its even more loose.  The camera started taking darker and darker pictures no matter the light sources around it. Again, I just tried to ignore it because after all, the phone itself worked. Finally, I had a problem that I just couldn't ignore. We got an update for the swype feature and the screen stopped working completely. I got a replacement last week and and right out of the package the microphone didn't work. I could hear everyone fine but no one could hear me. They said it sounded like I was on speaker phone and talking from the next room. Sprint fixed it and two days later it went out again. As soon as it was replaced the audio started having feedback. The phone would shut off randomly and wouldn't turn back on (something with the on/off button I guess). The camera and camcorder wouldn't shift out of 3D mode. I wouldn't give such a bad review normally but this is my second phone now and its having more problems than the first and many of the same problems over and over again. I get a replacement tomorrow and I hope its better but I'm not optimistic.

I bought the HTC Evo 4g, it said that the phone was brand new and it was shipped from 5 star distributor. i took it in to get it activated at sprint and they couldnt activate it because the phone has parts that dont even belong to HTC and the water spot is active. On the box it said that the phone comes with an 8 GB SD card and i looked inside it had a 2 GB SD card.  I'm really surprised that they thought that they could get away with something like this.  I'm not a phone geek or anything like that but I'm also not stupid.It was a big mistake ordering from them and i suggest you dont.

This phone is pretty much a POS. The 1st one they sent it was hot & the previous user didn't pay the bill so I couldn't activate it. Then they sent the 2nd one out & it lasted about 2 month and the USB charger port fell out. On top of it the touch screen was not good functionally. I had to restart the phone or lock & unlock it cause the touch was not good compatibly. When you touch it it didnt respond a lot of the time. I understand there refurbished but it shouldn't be this bad. I recommend buying a brand new phone just so you don't have to go threw any hassle of a half but phone!!

This item was as advertised and has been working since the day it was delivered. I was able to activate the phone almost immediately and has not had any kind of trouble from day one.

Sprint seems to be the sneakiest in charge you unexpected fees.I signed up with Sprint in the end of 2011 and they did not tell me anything about the employee discount. By the end of 2013, I was out of the contract with them. When I asked about the employee discount program, guess what happened. They gave the discount but at the same time imposed a new two-year contract on me and I found out about the it 2 months later when I saw a termination fee after I switch to T-mobile.I should have read through their emails, which are all with a subject line like &#34;Sprint Discount Program,&#34; with the mandatory renewal of the account hidden deep in the message ....You see, they tie a new contract to the discount but not thediscount to a new contract. I called them numerous times but they have been so polite yet insisted on that I should read my email carefully. Well, I also missed the window for the reimbursement from T-mobile for the termination fee. I am stuck with $400 bill from Sprint. It is very frustrating.What is useful to know though, is that when I signed up for T-mobile, they asked me to check if I am eligible for their discount program, the first time.Sneaky, sneaky, sneaky is the only thing ....Now the stuff you care- Sprint unlimited data is phonySprint offers unlimited plan right? If you cannot use it, its nothing. On the coverage map, my house is covered with their 4G, but I could never get any 4G signal in the house, 3G is also location dependent. In contrast, the first time I tried T-Movbile hot spot, my god, I can play 4k HD video on our computer!- Terminations feeSprint charges you for a erly termination fee no matter what. T-mobile only charge you the equipment fee you owe. After you pay off your equipment, you can also have same plan like Sprint without the worry of any sneaky fee like I have to bare.

although the company was very good in getting the phone to me quickly the phone only worked for a week. after a week the phone wouldn't take a charge. I took it to sprint and the charging dock wasn't connected it basically was just siting inside the phone

Andrew is without a doubt one of the best sellers I've purchased from. He's friendly, concerned, easy to access, and full of answers. The product I purchased through him was definitely better than he described. He rated his product at 9.3, well I would definitely give it a 9.6. No blemishes to the untrained eye, works wonderfully, I will likely write another review once I get it switched over thru Sprint. However, I have no complaints whatsoever with this purchase. He's been a joy to work with so far.

hello good day l'll just want to ask you .. if this htc evo 4g.no contact ... was locked ... can i ask htc ,,, to unlocked ,,, this phone ,, us i nkow i need to go buy unlocked code for this cell phone ..best regards alberto ...

Phone came brand new in box. Activated it and works perfectly. Pleased with the price. Also had great accessories.Thank you.

The phone its self is great and works fine! It is refurbished but when I was looking for a reasonably priced phone to replace one that broke it seemed to be the best find. The description from the seller said the phone works perfectly, which is does except for the fact that the speakers are blown and sound awful. The seller neglected to mention this fact in the description of the phone in the posting. I am a little annoyed by this but I'm not returning the phone because it is only a temporary phone until my contract is up and I can upgrade. The speakers are completely blown and listening to music on Pandora is impossible. The only time the speakers sound good is when I'm using ear buds. The seller should have noted the blown speakers in the description.

I  ordered a  refurbished,  black  evo 4g  from TURBO TUNES  on  Monday  the 26th and  received  it  Thursday  the 29th!  This  was  way  ahead  of  Amazon's  estimated  delivery  date.  The  phone  was  exactly  as  described and  it  works  great.  I  will  be  buying phones  from  them  in  the  future and I  would  recommend  them  to  my  friends  and  family.

Ordered 2 phones and only one came so I waited for the second one to come in. Once it arrived I went to sprint to connect it and either phone works!!!

After buying this phone for my daughter and having it for only a week, we had to replace the screen.  For some reason it got huge black lines running down the screen.  Will never buy a refurbished phone again.

This phone is great...battery a little short lived, but other than that have had no problems as of yet.

This phone was cool for about the first month. After I got over the Wow factor of this "smart phone" disappointments come on strong. Bugs-a-plenty, from freezing to flat out short battery life. At times you will have to fight your phone just to send a text or make a call. In fact I keep saying this about my phone "yeah, My phone can do all kinds of things except make reliable phone calls." 2 out of 3 time you try and run an app it will freeze. It reboots at random times and constantly, some times refuses to turn back on. This phone is garbage.

I like the phone but when I was buying it I was unaware it had an extended size battery. It make the phone, a size of a brick. But I got it on time n its still working. One more thing is when I got it the sides were all scratched up so I had to get a phone case to cover it. But all in all its a cool phone I guess.

The company I bought my phone from said the phone was new but when I got it activated three months later the battery was not good and it kept restarting. Wont do that again

The EVO phone is fine.  I bought it for my wife as new.  About 6 weeks after buying it, it would not charge.  I bought a new battery, but that would not do the trick.  I took it to a Sprint store, and they said the charging port was not working.  I guess this has been a problem with theEVO phones, so they switched it out with a reconditioned phone at no charge.  The Sprint rep showed me several things that indicated that IT WAS NOT NEW!!!.  So, I AM HAPPY WITH THE PHONE, BUT NOT THE SELLER!

I was really excited when i purchased the sprint HTC Evo 4G w/o contract. As i previously had a HTC 4g and i really liked it.  This phone was used. Only once.  However once i had sprint add that phone to my contract.  I have already been thru one of the two batteries that came with it.  The phone deleted all my contacts when it froze up on me.  Also we paid for one day delivery.  And we got 4 days later.  And you still charged us 58 dollars and some odd cents.  This is my first time purchasing anything from amazon.  And i was very disappointed.  A lot of changes and Prompt Customer Service.  Will be the only way we will ever purchase anything again from amazon.Yours Truly,Faye

the battery was old so I bought a new one.  Plug up the phone works just fine.No problems. I was a little hesitant at first, just was not sure about an unlocked smart phone.

I ordered my phone right before midnight on a Thursday, and as soon as I ordered, I realized I had a question. I emailed them and when I awoke Friday morning at 7, they had already responded. I received my phone that following Monday morning. The phone was in perfect condition and I love it. They have awesome customer service and I will definately order any and all phones through them.

Best phone I have ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I recommend getting a better battery. the one it comes with will not last you 3 hours turned off.. after you buy the battery, it lasts all day and I listen to music all day long on it.

This is actually my third EVO.I bought this last one for my daughter and my son has one I got him prior. I've had an EVO for two and a half years.I used my upgrade to get the EVO 3D which I also recommend.I haven't had problems with my battery life either.Run apps and listen to music at work on a full,single charge.I haven't owned an IPhone but i know plenty of people who do,and although they love theirs I'm trying not to go with one.So far so good now that I have an EVO and the Android market.I like to give the "little guys"some business I guess,lol.So if u don't want an Iphone and you are in the market for a top of the line smartphone I highly recommend the EVO.I've owned plenty of phones before,but stopped looking for something just as good as the Iphone (if not better)when I got my EVO.

I bought a cellphone thinking it was new but not so. When I activated it on Sprint's network someone's name came up. Secondly, the phone isnt working after just a few weeks. It's not charging anymore. This particular model phone has a stand in the back and the stand wont stay in the closed position.Ive ordered so many things from Amazon and never had any problems b4...Money down the drain.... :-(

I'm a little biased because I went from having a Galaxy S3 to this phone because I broke it. I got a used one and it was in excellent physical shape. It's rather slow though. I would recommend having the SN off the back of the phone when you go to activate it though.

it is a nice fone by i dropped it and broke is there anyway i can get a new one please respond on this matter i would appreciate it

I need to flash it to boost still.. but its great all the bells and whistles. Came with a kick stand. Tv outputs

the looks brand spanking new  fast service  got phone before time  order friday got it monday will be using again :):)

I've been having problems with this phone for the past 2 years. I had to get it replaced but had to fork over 100 dollars in order to do so. Even then the stupid thing doesn't work properly. It blacks out the screen when I'm trying to end a call. It will randomly shut off, it also won't charge properly now. All I want to do with it is throw it in the ocean. I hate this thing! Never ever trusting an HTC phone ever again. Please don't waste your money or time on a phone like this. You will regret it.

have excellent customer service with quick responses, and making sure the customer are 100% satisfied. Its a great place to buy

This is exactly as promised, the issue was mine, I thought it was the LTE and it is not... and there is a HUGE difference between them.  This will work for my son for 6 months when we can renew our plan and get a new phone.

The phone it's in good condition, there is a gum in back but i cleaned that with alcohol. It's ok

I got suckered into buying this phone from Sprint when my last HTC (Never again!!) phone fell apart. This one worked great for about 5 minutes. The phone gets super hot, the battery (after 5 months of ownership) lasts (and I am NOT kidding) 1 hour on a full charge, the ringer just decides to turn itself down for no reason, the screen decides to switch while I am using the phone part so I can't find my way back unless I hang up. STAY AWAY from this (and all HTC) phones.

The phone broke within a month; will not turn on at all or recognize the charger TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY

No this phone didn't work it kept going off and when it was on you have to charge thirty minutes

I purchased this phone a few months ago, and waited to make sure I was satisfied. Well, I am more than satisfied! Thank you for a good purchasing experience. It was just as good as purchasing it at the store.

i was very disappointed in the package.It didn'thave a book just came in a envelope with bubble wrap.If I buy another phone it better come in a box. It was scratched up.for the price I could of got one on my plan new for the price.I didnt wanta 2 year contrACT kAY

Just got phoned and first few calls went ok, but freezes every few seconds..so annoying!!! i have to take it to the sprint store who will probably tell me there is nothing they can do. so, in all..the phone wasnt new as described. :(

I bought the refurbished HTC EVO and it came faster than the predicted delivery date, it looked brand new just as described, and I haven't had any problems with the product at all. I'm very happy with this purchase, it was a great phone at a great price.

Best transaction ever. Got my phone and it works great! I would use this seller again. My phone got to me very quickly and it was in one piece. Thanks bunches!

I got my phone quicker than expected and I enjoyed this so much. The phone came in mint condition and full set. Works very well and doesn't seem to disappoint. The only thing thing I disliked is that you can't screen shot. But other than that its a good phone. Good imaging, great sound.

Yes, it does do what I need it to and it was a great price, but it freezes often, has a very low battery life, does not always charge, and is really slow. When it comes to recommending this product, if it is all you can afford, go for it, but if not, i think you should buy a different one.

I ordered an unlocked HTC Evo 4G and got one locked to Sprint, instead.  Not helpful when I want to use at Virgin Mobile.  So far, nobody will flash it to the desired network and the difference in cost is  unbearable.

I bought this for my daughter. Wanted to get her a good introductory smart phone. She really likes it but the phone has a history of freezing a lot. I tried moving a bunch of her apps to her SD card, and it helped but still the phone does freeze periodically. I don't blame the seller by any means, it's a problem with the phone itself. Phone arrived very quickly and in great condition overall. I would recommend to anybody that wants an older smartphone for themselves or one of their kids.

Paid express shipping for the phone and carrying case but it took seven days for the phone to arrive while the case only took two days.Phone was defective. Tried for two days to charge it w/o success. Requested return and explained my diagnosis (phone defective) but Seller argued that the battery was the issue and sent replacement battery. Battery was sent express and took two days to arrive. Installed new battery and phone still did not charge. Seller agreed to accept return of item as defective.Meanwhile, I needed a phone ASAP but this process delayed me eleven days in getting a new phone.

This phone has computer problems and cracked on the side I do not like it at all complete rip off

I got this phone with no contract in hopes that I could use it with another provider like my friend did. But I get this package and I find out that the phone has no sim card slot...thanks for letting me know...

I received this phone before the due date and loving it so far.  It does have minor wear and tear but not noticed able with my case.  Very happy customer!

Item was brand new and in the box as was listed.  I'm extremely pleased with my purchase as I would certainly order more products in the near future.

I was excited to have found this for a great price under &#34;Like new&#34; but I didn't realize I was going to receive one without a charger and a dead battery. AND it came in the mail in a small envelope with just that thin line of plastic bubble wrap that the envelope comes with.  It seemed like it was tossed around quite a few times! Didn't understand why a &#34;like new&#34; phone wasn't sent safely in a small box.  Disappointed but luckily it works after I found a charger and ordered 2 other batteries.  The phone's design on its own is AWESOME!!

I love everything about this phone seriously. the battery last me all day even when im on twitter, facebook, and the market.

I was so excited when i got this phone,. took it to sprint and after 2 hours of trying to get it too work, it wouldnt reset or anything! It was a waste.

I love my Evo! I have no problems with over heating whatsoever and I know that seems like it's the biggest complaint most people have. The battery is decent; it's a nice phone. It is effective and that is the most important quality to look for, it's reliable!

It said it was brand new but I am pretty sure it is just a refurbished phone. It has many flaws, is very slow, and drops calls all the time.

Was told by sprint it is not a compatable phone even though it says sprint on it. What do I do now :(.  Help

Go on ebay. You will thank god you did. Your able to buy the phone, brand new for the same price . To much drama with this seller and at the end of the day Amazon didnt reimburse me for the trouble I went through. horrible experience

I bought the HTC evo and so far so good I have to wait til Friday to get my service cut on for it! The shipping was super quick and the product looks good for a 2 year old phone.  Thank you.

The phone stopped working a week after I received it.  We took it too a cell phone shop, the piece that connects the phone to the charger was originally soddered on, it came loose.  The phone is not able to be charged.  I had to purchase another phone.

This product is, good. The product is like new, it works well and all the functions and buttons work. It arrived earlier than expected and it was in good condition. It came with charger and cable, and the phone was damage-less, and scratch-less. I lost my phone so just got this phone until my upgrade, or until this phone breaks or I lose it again.

The phone was a Christmas gift for our son, but he was not satisfied. I wish I would have had more time to return it.

Love the phone I bought it for my husband and get me something else but now I'm switching again to to fet this phone.

The product was in really great shape for used phone. Perfect for my man with great features of the times. Thx

When I got the product there was a lot of glitches (front camera didnt work, touch screen didnt work we'll...) but they responded right away and gave me a refund for it.

I got this phone on good friday of 2012.It was broke right out of the box,on off button did not work.It is now May 5 2012,and I have not received a replacement phone,what a shame!!!!!

I purchased this item used from Noble Planet. I had to return the 1st got they sent me with in a few weeks. The pictures were all fuzzy as if there were something on the lens that I couldn't remove.The battery kept dying with in an hour or two. The phone wouldn't pick up a signal half the time. I didn't know if it was the brand of phone itself or if I just had a defective one. I had the company send me another one, and not two months later, I'm getting a refund on it. The phone freezes up to the point where I have to remove the battery just to get it to work again! And now it's just given up. Granted the phones I purchased were used, but two phones, in less then 6 months, that doesn't say a whole lot about the quality of the product.But for the price that I paid, I guess for the few months of use I got out of it, it was okay. You get what you pay for. I just know for future use, to steer clear of this phone, new or used.

I am happy with the company that sent the phone.  But the phone itself I do not like.  I had a Galaxy 2 and it broke so i ordered this one.  Big mistake.  I barely get a signal and to download anything is next to impossible.  The screen has already started getting weird lines through it.  I would buy from the company again but i would do a little more research on the phones.

I paid $275 for this phone and the listing said it's new, the inside of the phone is dirty, it freezes up and the screen is lifting. I have to keep restarting it. It does not look or perform like a new phone. That's a rip off to sell me some old phone and say it's new.

It started off great then the charging port would not work after a month. They sent another one and the exact same thing happened. I hate this phone personally.....

I order my phone from 5 Star Distributor on Tuesday, July 3 and received it today, Saturday, July 7! I am very excited! I haven't activated it yet because I just opened it up. I must admit I was very nervous about ordering online but the price was right! The only thing I have a problem with is the phone looked slightly dusty. On first glance, I thought it was a used phone instead of a brand new one. Then, I noticed that it was the plastic on the phone that was dusty and had numerous smudged fingerprints, as well as the plastic on the kickstand. There is also this smudge/mark on the back cover that will not come off! I'm so OCD! It won't come off; I've tried cleaning it. :( So, I'm starting to think it's a refurbished phone. That's why I gave 4 stars. Overall, I am happy with my phone. I would only advice the person handling the phones to have clean hands!Update: I activated my phone without in any problems. My phone was indeed new, it was just extremely dusty and etc. I love my my phone; despite, the mark on the cover that will not come off. The good outweighs the bad so I'll give the company 5 stars. I would recommend this company and buy from them in the future.

The speaker was blown and the charger housing fell out of the phone in less than a week after I received it.

Ordered on a Tuesday afternoon and received it Wednesday afternoon. My phone is very awesome, I took it to the store and everything went off with a hitch.

Love this,device. Came on time  recommend to all. Easy to use.  Like having laptop at my finger,tips.  Love it.  Love the price

After using the phone for only a week there had been major issues with the audio of the phone.  When making outgoing calls, I would not hear the ring tone or the person on the other end (although the person i spoke to would tell me they could hear me say "hello?").  It seems that the audio on this phone was the issue.  Also, in the middle of a conversation, I suddenly would not hear the other person on the phone unless I put the person on speaker-mode.  This was really annoying b/c other people could end up hearing my personal conversation.Most importantly, I decided to take this to a Sprint store to look into fixing this and found out that this specific device had been 'flagged' before at other Sprint stores and had known issues that were beyond repairable.  Basically, I bought a phone that had been defective from the beginning!I would have given this review zero stars but only had the option to pick one star.  On the upside, Amazon customer service was very easy to work with and informed me that I would get a full refund for this purchase.  I returned the phone and am currently awaiting my refund.  I have no idea why this seller would sell me a defective item that has been flagged at other stores, but just something to note: if the deal sounds too good to be true, then it probably is!

advise not to buy anything with this seller, are scams, sell old cell phones and they say they are new, I buy one and returned it came wrong and I only returned 50% of total price came to tell them that broken screen! do not waste your money with these items

I have written a review for this Item before and now cannot find it. So, in the interest of keeping folks informed I am re-writing it.  I received the item as advertised before Christmas and was able to activate it just as they said. It seemed to worked great and we moved on. In the coming weeks I noticed that when I was talking to my wife,  she would start sounding very far away and I would have to strain to hear her. I was constantly asking her to "talk louder" or "can you say that again". BUT, by the time I figured out it was the phone (I bought her for Christmas), and I wasn't the only one to have this problem while talking to her, I had gone past the 30 day limit. So, I didn't call about it. Later a review reminder came to me in an email so I gave a review of three stars because it worked but was a pain and most of the time you have to reboot it to get to work right. ( Its not like there is a volume control for the microphone). Then, Sun 3-4-12, I get a call about my review asking if I will change it or is their anything they can do to make it better. I said "replacing the phone would help". He said he WOULD replace it and he WOULD call me back in 1 1/2 hours to let me know what I needed to do. I'm thinking great! I can't believe he said he would do that after 2 months and 20 days. What a great company!  Then, no phone call. So I waited, just to be polite. Then this afternoon I thought I would contact them, to see what I needed to do, and when I looked I couldn't find my review. Wow! How did that happen? So here it is and now I will keep checking and rewriting this review every week till it stays. Bottom line...... It's one thing to get a bad product. I mean it happens, but don't promise a fix then never call back. Bad Play!

Not bad the only problem is the sd card..other than that it works fine..hopefully it last long with me.g6gg $

My phone arrived on time and in a new box like they said it would. Overall its a great phone, where I live I can't get the 4g so its alittle slower, but not bad. My mom has the same phone so I knew what I was buying before I got it. The only complant I have about the phone currently is when I try connecting to my WiFi at home the phone tells me "error" I'm hoping when I take it into a Sprint store their able to fix it, but it does make me wonder if the phone is really brand "new" like they state. But other wise no  other probs

My phone had one screw missing and the on and off button was gone very upset........about my purchase don your company

I really liked a lot, good economical price yet high quality and optimal results. I hope they buy it without fear, as it is very good product.

The phone looked great when I first took it out of the package today, then I was very disappointed to literally see a small piece missing at the bottom of the phone and not only that that back doesn't. Stay on and the hold button has been over used. I'm pretty number but I guess that's what I get for trusting a company online without doing some research.

When I first received the phone, everything was going pretty well. I had to adjust to the change of internal space but that was no big deal. Beautiful screen and worked like a charm. About a two weeks in I started to notice that the sound started to cut out from the main speaker, which wasn't a big problem with me b/c I usually have my phone on vibrate anyhow. About 4 days later the screen started to show these two long black lines in the middle of the screen. I attempted to contact the seller a file a claim for a replacement phone, I understand sometimes hardware gives out - but I have yet to receive any contact back. I read a review from a fellow buyer (Mattew Grace) and now I understand and empathize what he was saying about the service.

The reason I rated just OK is that is does not come with a SD card.  I was replacing my old phone that I could use but the screen was broken so I will take my SD card out of my old phone when I get ready to change over and start using my new phone.  If someone was buying this phone to up grade or for other reasons they would have to find an SD card to put in the phone.

I didn't read the reviews for this phone until after I had ordered it. Once I did, i was extremely worried I was going to have problems with it! However, i've had it over a week and it has been absolutely amazing!I've always been an iPhone lover, and i'd had one previous Android that I thought was absolutely terrible! I completely swore off Androids and quickly replaced it with an iPhone. However, I broke my iPhone and needed a nice smartphone that didn't cost as much as an iPhone without an upgrade.Everything on this phone is simple and easy. I hear lots of rumors such as: it constantly freezes, terrible battery, etc.I have yet to have it freeze and as for the battery life, it gets average smartphone life! When you decide to get a smartphone you have to accept the fact that the batteries aren't going to last as long as a basic phone because of the data usage, how big the screen is, and etc. So, taking that into account, the battery life works great for me!

I had it a short time and the plug piece for recharging broke..So it was useless after that and I had to order a new phone thru sprint..

This phone did not appear new like the ad said. It in good condition for a preowned phone. Battery cover does not close properly. Otherwise, it's just ok.

Its been 3 days since iv'e been  having the phone. This is a good phone I enjoy it by far great deal it gets shipped to your house in 3 days! Also the memory card and headphones included which is why i rate it 5 stars.

i ordered this phone on 12/7/11 and they still haven't shipped it. he made up some excuse about the back plate of the phone not working right, but it doesn't take this long to get a back plate. so i ended up canceling the order because its now 12/20/11 and they haven't responded to me or shipped it. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD TO DEAL WITH

This was not a bad phone at first, but now it locks up and taps items without even touching it. I don't play games on my phone. I use it for the basics. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. HTC, get your crap fixed!!

HTC EVO 4G Android Cell Phone for SprintPurchased 2 of these in April this year 2013 for my wife and I who are on "Fixed" income (Retired). After the first month the phone would refuse to charge the batteries, by all means, car charger, wall charger, and from laptop. Have to buy a external charger to keep batteries charged. NOT FUN when traveling. Trusted the seller that advertised on Amazon. I will as of this date not shop on Amazon again. I have been an Amazon Customer for a long time, but, just can't afford this kind of waste.

This phone i bought for my stepdaughter arrived today, phone was well boxed and packaged. You would almost think its new. The htc evo that i bought from this seller will not work. The phone does not boot or do anything except flash a orange light every once in a while when your trying to charge it.... i am deeply disappointed and as for my daughter well she will be as well,. Do not buy from seller....

I love the evo 4g and needed a replacement for my old one, I can't see myself using another phone!

I love my Evo.  Even though it was used it work wonderfully.  Looks good.I purchased it used from Amazon, saved money and am very happy with my purchase.

THE PHONE I WAS SOLD WHICH IS AN HTC 4G EVO SUPPOSEDLY FOR SPRINT WAS NOT AS IT SEEMED.. IT WAS FLASHED TO BE USED ELSEWHERE AND I AM NOT HAPPY... I WANT A RETURN OF MY MONEY..

I was under the impression that since it was without contract that this product would be compatible with boost no contracts htcevo I tried to hook it up and could not boost is owned by sprint I don't understand the problem. Since my purchase I sent 2 emails to the seller to try and exchange the phone o get a refund and have gotten no response but this review. Iam currently without a phone I paid 146.00 for the ph. And after researching on my own it seams as though I can only get 111. Back for the phone it was not available for return since before it was ever shipped please help

only No Contract, no sim card so it only works with sprint plan. Battery life VERY POOR.  IT comes with red battery but is not the original HTC.

I don't have problems with my phone. I really like it just upset about the phone cases I order .

I replaced my stolen Iphone 5 with this because it was substantially cheaper. It doesn't have much internal memory but you can get a microSD. Other than that it is great, smooth touch screen, good web surfing, youtube etc. Seems to be a good phone.

This phone has many issues, including no speaker phone and charging issues. Very disappointed. I called sprint and they suggested I return it.

I was so happy to find out that I could get a phone before my plan was ready for an upgrade.  The customer service guy at sprint spent over three hours trying to restore this back so I could connect it to the network.  No such luck.  I am very weary about buying a phone like this again and think I will just wait for my upgrade.  It will be the same price anyway.  Not worth the hassle!

Received the HTC EVO intact and in 4 days after paying for the phone.  Out of the box within 10 minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly. one small problem with the camera, but that was repairable at very little cost.  It was a good deal and I would do business again with this seller.

I needed to replace my point & shoot camera and - through a bit of a windy course - came upon the idea of replacing it with a smartphone, without the phone hooked up.  Works great!  We have an 'el cheap-o' cell phone contract that we don't want to increase, but I loved the endless possibilities that a smartphone offered me.  Without the phone contract, I get all that (using my in-house wi-fi) anyway.  Shopped around and settled on this model.  Am very happy with it!I would have given it 5 stars if it had better internal memory, which is something I didn't know anything about when I was shopping for them.  It's ok and I have an awful lot of apps on there, but it doesn't feel &#34;generous.&#34;...just so you know!

I love this product, it works like a dream. By far one of the most powerful, computet like phone, I have evergotten...by far.

I can see thru the inside of the phone because is not properly closed , I send an email the day I received and it pass a week and I have not hear from them I need another phone , the phone is in great shape as no scratch back or front but open up, hope to hear from them soon so I can get a new phone

It's a decent phone. Everything works. It arrived on time. Very good buy for the money. Haven't had any major problems!

Great phone and coming from a blackberry it is like being blind and seeing for the first time. I actually broke my first EVO and wasn't up for a new one with sprint. I bought this which is a testiment to the phone. The worst thing about the EVO is the battery which sucks. Buy the extended battery and its a whole new world. The second drawback is the quality of the ear piece for phone calls. Not so great...but the rest of the phone is great. You get used to not having a keyboard to type with and the keys are bigger than the iPhone which is better for my chubby fingers. The pics and videos are good quality and have given me a lot of on the spot shots with my babies. You can get different sized memory so you can make your phone your new ipod. Try it and you'll be hooked.

AMAZING PHONE .. HOWEVERRR!!!! it breaks one drop and be prepared to pay to get it fixed or buy a new one!

Phone was delivered extremely promptly. However, it was rooted with a CyanogenMod, and I therefore could not activate the phone on my Sprint account. On top of that, the process of unrooting the phone is extremely complicated for a tech novice such as myself.

the battery was damaged, charging device does not work.The cellphone was not what I expect it.anybody I will not recommend

The phones did work however the batteries would not hold a change and I had to order new batteries for both phones, the company did refund a $5 toward the cost of new batteries which wasnt enough but I guess it is something

Got the phone in perfect conditon for something that is used, but they replaced the HTC battery w/ an innovation battery, which did not work. So now i have to purchase a new one. But atleast i have a phone in good condition!

I'm addicted to it. It works perfect. If u want a phone this is where u need to get it.

Phone is junk.  Had issues connecting to 3G network.  Then the phone kept restarting due to overheating issues.  From looking online, this is a common issue.  So, save your time and buy something else.

look im one of those ppl who cnt live without their phone. and lemme tell u this is by far the best phone i have ever had!! i have gotten 2 of my friends to buy one from amazon!!

First the battery wouldn't hold a charge. They contacted me after writing a bad review. The company sent me two more batteries both of which will not hold a charge. I've had it to the Sprint Store now twice for repairs in the last month. The screen was messed up. The repairman at Sprint said never to order from this place again because it was one of the worst refurbished botched jobs he's ever seen.  This was supposed to be &#34;new&#34; phone but no way was it new. never again will I buy from this place.

I lost my phone and needed a replacement ASAP! I found this phone on Amazon for a great price.  It arrived in EXCELLENT condition, and I haven't experienced one problem with the phone since it arrived!

This phone is nice and speedy with a good screen resolution. It is easy to read in bright light and handles pretty much any app you install on it. My complaint with this phone is that this model has a manufacturers defect in the charging port. I have had two of these and the first one had the usb pin assembly break off. The second one has them intact but a short on the pcb requires me to hold the charging cable at strange angles to get it to charge. Some people will chalk this up to mishandling by the user. All I can say to these critics is "go google it" you will see all the other people having the same issue. I remember when RCA TV's were bad for doing the same thing years ago. The issue is most likely poor soldering in the assembly line. I wouldn't risk buying one of these. I'm giving it 3 stars because the phone itself is fairly nice. If you already have one you can buy a desktop charger for the battery. Not sure why it's called a desktop charger, you pop the battery into the charger and then plug the charger into the wall. I bought one on amazon for $10 and it comes with two standard batteries.

My daughter wanted a new phone for Christmas and she loves it. I had the HTC before I upgraded to the 4G Lite and was very happy with the quality of the phone. It was easy to switch at sprint.

great Phone just keep it away from moisture out of the bath room when you take a shower or wash your hands

It appears the screen locking up on these phone is a known problem but no one is owning up to it. My advise is to not buy one

this is a cdma phone. you can't able to insert any sim card in it.so you have to stick for sprint.

The product description was &#34;Like New&#34;. The phone I received is anything but like new. The screen is covered in scratches and there's a crack on the bottom left corner of the phone. The kickstand is a little loose. I am not satisfied.

THIS PHONE IS DAMAGED AND HASNT WORKED PROPERLY SINCE WEEK 1 OF THE PURCHASE ,, SPRINT LAUGHED AND ME AND SAID ITS A DAMAGED PHONE ,, I WOULD LIKE EVERY DIME BACK THAT  I HAVE SPENT ON THIS PHONE

I received this phone promptly; however, I question the effectiveness of the packaging materials used. There was no physical damage to the phone and it seemed to turn on and run alright.The problem came in charging the phone. Only 1 out of 3 chargers I had would initiate charge. These chargers work well on our other EVO 4G phones so suspected integrity of the phone's mini-USB / charging connector.I advised the supplier and they promptly accepted return of the phone and credit to my account.These mini-USB connectors are rather fragile. I recommend more thorough testing of used / refurbished phones prior to delivery to buying customers in order to avoid waste of everyone's time.

The phone was shipped and received fast. But unfortunately after only having it a little over a month. The phones screen started blinking and then charger port blew. Sprint couldn't do anything to help. So I was out of 50$ and had to spend another 50$ on a different phone.I guess that's the 30 day return policy I forgot to notice..

I purchased this phone about a month ago, used, looking for the cheapest Android phone I could find.  This device barely qualifies as a smartphone, let alone a cell phone.  I'm writing this review as I'm browsing for a replacement to this device.Battery life during usage is so poor, you can expect to browse the web for an hour or two before having to plug it in again.  Since activating the phone I've made sure to keep a phone charger at my desk at work, at my coffee table in my living room, next to my bed, and in my backpack.Although it has a 4G radio (which you must manually activate every time you use it,) the processor is only capable of keeping up with 3G speeds.  People I've called with the phone complain of random beeps from my end.  Sound quality is mediocre at best, even with headphones.The operating system is old, newer apps are generally not available on the play store.  The web browser cannot play gifs.  The launcher and phone applications were modified by HTC to be uglier, less intuitive and less informative than the stock Android operating system.  For example, you do not have favorite contacts; if you want to call someone, you are forced to sift through your entire contact list.The phone is heavy and blocky.  If you were to throw it at someone, it could hurt.  It comes with a clip to hold it up while watching videos, which is nifty.It comes with Blockbuster, NASCAR, football and television apps.  I only tried the TV app and could actually watch ESPN mobile.To summarize: This phone is an archaic piece of technology.  It belongs in a museum, not your pocket.
