
I already own a Torch, which continues to serve me well, so dispite the mixed reviews I ordered anyway.  Totally pissed off now.....this is a used phone.  It was cleaned up and re-wrapped, but a quick inspection clearly revealed signs of use.  This is a complete (and expensive) rip off, and after years of doing good business with Amazon, I am cannot understand why they would continue to fulfill this item despite multiple reviews indicating that the phones in this listing are not New, as advertised. This listing should have been removed..

Really the first 2 weeks using the phone has been a very nice experience. For formers iphone users, as I am; this device is a delight and very easy to use.Very recommended

My  daughter  asked  me  to  purchase  same  for  her,  she  told  me  it's  ok ,  and  she  likes  it,  re-recommending  it  to  someone,  she  told  me  she  definitely  would

...because I don't want RIM to die off.  The more competition, the better for the consumer, otherwise we're stuck with Google, Apple, and maybe Samsung.  I waited so long for RIM to make a 4G phone as I didn't want to get stuck with another 2 year contract with old technology.  More than a year after its competitors, the Torch finally came out, and I jumped on it.  It started as a breath of fresh air, as coming from the Bold, the screen was beautiful, and I could actually make use of the internet on a halfway decent screen!  The Torch also looked the part of a good smart phone.Then I started using it! Here are the frustrations I encountered:-The battery would not keep a charge for a full day, even on standby, so I always had to have a charger with me!-The lock button is too easy to press, and I could not use my favorite Blackberry Holder, because I always need to touch the off button in order to pull it out of the holder to answer the phone.  I would then have to call back the person half the time.-The touchscreen includes a mute button and a speaker button.  It's really easy while on the phone to have one of those buttons be touched by my cheek, and most of the times I have lost the conversation while trying to "unpush" them.  Extremely frustrating, and totally unacceptable.-If you are in the "Contacts", and you want to make a phone call that is not within your contacts, you can pull up the touchscreen keyboard, but when you switch to numbers, those numbers are so tiny, that there is almost no way to touch them and not make a mistake.Terrible design, terrible phone.

Blueharboronline sent me a used phone and damaged. I feel cheated by this company, the mobile team arrived in an open box and damaged accessories ll also came open, serials (PIN-IMEI) do not match the box. Internally, the phone has data (photos, contacts and messages) of previous owners. My experience with BLUEHARBORONLINE is terrible and after sales service is the worst, never got an answer from a responsible person. I'll never buy from this company and Amazon should take action on the matter.Blueharboronline me envi&oacute; un telefono usado y da&ntilde;ado. Me siento estafado por esta empresa, el equipo celular lleg&oacute; en una caja abierta y deteriorada adem&aacute;s odos sus accesorios venian abiertos, los seriales (PIN-IMEI) no coinciden con la caja. Internamente el telefono tiene datos (fotos, contactos y mensajes) de propietarios anteriores. Mi experiencia con BLUEHARBORONLINE es terrible y su servicio pos venta es de lo peor, jamas tienes respuesta de una persona responsable. Jamas volver&eacute; a comprarle a esta empresa y Amazon deber&iacute;a tomar cartas en el asunto.

I am a phone junky! It's taken me about 20 different phones to realize I have a problem! While most girls want shoes I am always wanted the latest greatest new phone. I would consider myself an expert in the world of smartphones. My last nine phones have been (in order) Motorola Q, Iphone 3g, Iphone 3gs, Palm pre plus,HTC, Motorola Droid, Motorola Droid X, Blackberry Torch, and finnally iphone 4 (my current and favorite phone which I am sticking with).I am writing a review on the new Blackberry Torch because I think it gets to much credit in the smartphone world. When I first got it I was enamored with the slide out keyboard and the slick robust feel of the phone. I noticed right away that it was sluggish and most screens lagged. I still pushed onwards with the Torch I had owned a blackberry pearl a at one time and was impressed by blackberrys battery life and the quailty of product. True to blackberry the Torch has great battery life and even with moderate to heavy usage I could go all day! in comparison with all the other phones I had owned (even the apple phones 3g and 3gs) the blackberry Torch is very good on battery given the screen size and the wide range of features.Three months into owning this device things started going downhill. I would think it was only my phone that was defective but my boyfriends had the same problems and I purchased them at the same time. The screen started freezing, getting caught in landscape mode, half the screen turned white, more and more problems kept coming up! To top it all off with a few programs installed the Torch got extremely slow, it lagged on every screen to the point I avoided using it too look things up because it was too frustrating. Everyday my boyfriend and I were taking off the backs of the phones to reboot them and it really became a pain.On the plus side the Torch was great for security reasons not that I have anything that needs to be secure! And the slide out keyboard is awesome and easy to type on! The on screen keyboard is a joke and unusable, but the touch screen works well for browsing the web and clicking on links.I don't dislike the Blackberry Torch I just don't believe its a phone that allowed me to get the most out of my data package and I don't feel like it was the most reliable phone. As far as blackberrys go the web browsing experience is better than previous Blackberrys but the sluggish phone won't allow you to enjoy the new browser. The phone looks great is very durable, sounds great when its not frozen and you can place a call, and is overall a good option for those who need the security of Blackberry. I still reccoment Android and Apple over Blackberry.

it was as discribed features are remarkable i was and im still pleased d only thing was it didnt  have a manual but that was no problem.

The phone looked great but it only worked for a few days and when I took it to be repaired, it turned out to be a refurbished phone.

Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF  Buen TLF Buen TLF Buen TLF  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

excellent phone. very good in terms of its construction, arrived in very good condition, although a bit slow in coming, I highly recommend this seller. no I'm loving blackberry android user. hadware but as this team is very beautiful

This phone worked pretty well except for a few issues.  It will sometimes hang or clock for no apparent reason.  It performs its basic functions well.

I've been through a couple 8220 Flips and a 9550 Storm 2 that I've owned and I've used a few Curves and Bolds and this is by far the best Blackberry, hands down. Trying to compare it to previous BB models is downright unfair as it blows the all out of the water. The touch screen is a huge improvement over the Storm 2 and its nice to see standard gestures like pinch to zoom are supported. The fact that it has the full querty keyboard and trackpad makes it an easy transition from non-touch phones and also makes it more efficient in general as a lot of operations feel more natural doing it the "old-fashioned" way instead of touch-screen.The camera is much improved and BB OS6 is a huge improvement over previous versions. I love Social Feeds and how tightly the apps integrate with your contacts and the phone sofware in general. The new search feature is great too; just start typing and it brings results from contacts, emails, social feeds, applications, etc.So basically, as far as Blackberrys are concerned, you can't go wrong!Compared to other smartphones and mainly the iPhone4 you can tell that the touchscreen still has a ways to go before it reaches the same maturity as the others who've been doing this for longer.  Also, as far as apps go, its definitely lacking. There are very few good free apps and games and the games are just downright terrible compared to the amazing stuff that's coming out for iPhone.  That said, gaming probably isn't a big priority if you want a Blackberry.All in all, I'm very satisfied! I've been wanting this phone for over 6 months and watched tons of reviews and hyped the thing up so much and despite all of that I still managed to get surprised with this phone. It's awesome!Pros----+ Real touchscreen with all gestures+ Trackpad and QWERTY Keyboard = best of both worlds+ BB OS6 is great+ 5MP cameraCons----- Touch is a little awkward at times- Freezes/chokes for a few seconds occasionally- Lacking in app department- Crappy games

el celular no trajo los accesorios q indica y se apaga a cada rato...se ubico unas nueva bateria y ahora no hace mas q apagarc cada 30 minutos

came with a battery that was not for the phone model, however, the phone is very well thanks semiray garcia excuse my English is very basic

I got the phone ok but Its locked I thought it was unlocked as they said its a unlocked smartphone so i now have to pay to get it unlocked

This is my first blackberry phone and bought it because I was travelling out of the country.  I was very suprised with the ease and friendliness of the phone.  The only problem, which is not unique to Blackberry, is the battery life.  If you want a classy phone, at the right price, I would recommend this phone.

Great screen size, features, and fast processor for a touch screen blackberry, one of the best BB. I was so happy when i got my phone, it came in a day of ordering it. It takes pics and video well. The phone offers a lot of features. The phone works well.

I buy, 2 of BlackBerry 9800 Torch Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard, 4 GB Internal Storage, and Slider Card Slot Up to 32GB - International Ve((((((Condition: New))))and the seller sent me two used phones.....I send the photos to the seller, and did not respondone of the phone is 29 days and 20 hours of useanother thing the seller has changed his name seems a scammer

Really buy this equipment where it said it was unlocked, however when I arrived in Venezuela, the team was locked, so I had to pay to unlock it additionally came with a slider failure because it has a small game and is not as firm as others I've seen.For the rest the team has gone well

when i received this phone it looked in very good condition, but it did not come with a CD and there was something wrong with the speaker, i could not listen to the ring tone and i could not listen to music. it worked one time only then it went back to not working and it stayed like that, and this was 2-3 hours from when i received the phone. very very very disappointed, i am going to travel in 3 days and i don't have time to purchase a different phone. i went to ATT and Verizon Stores trying to buy this phone but they did not have it. so i am going to have to buy one from where i am going to be traveling to.......i put it back in the box and i shipped it back to the seller the same day, the phone was not new even though i paid for a new phone, it was refurbished. it was a bad experience never again. i think Amazon should be more strict with these kind of sellers, they really put me in a tough situation now.......

I SAW THIS PRODUCT ON AMAZON WEB SITE, I LIKED FUNCTIONS, FATURES AND MORE. WHEN I RECIVED THE PRODUCT IT COMES WITHOUT MANUAL, EARPHONES OR FREE HANDS.

He comprado el torch 9800 como regalo a mi hermano, le ha gistado mucho el telefono, ya que a el le gusta mucho blackberry, el esta muy contengo con el..I bought the 9800 torch as a gift to my brother, has much the phone gist, as he likes a lot of blackberry, he is very restrain the ..

Great phone and works very well.  Great qwerty keyboard or on-screen keyboard can be used.  It has lots of features you will enjoy using.

Good Product. quick delivery No problem clearing from customs.There was no need to charge the battery. It came fully charged , therefore started using straight awayThank you very muchYours SincerelyDr Sathya

I am satisfied with this. excellent condition, applications, all in perfect working order, I highly recommend it.is a sensitive phone. works with 190Mhz Movistar Venezuela

I bought an unlocked Blackberry Torch 9800 with an international warranty. It hasn't even been one year and the the phone is broken! The screen doesn't work, it's completely blank. Not to mention the screen used to freeze occasionally when the phone was actually working. Since my phone is unlocked my carrier refuses to repair or replace it. I called Blackberry's customer service and apparently they won't honor my warranty either. Horrible customer service! DO NOT BUY BLACKBERRY PRODUCTS IF YOU WANT TO SAVE MONEY!!

On the phone you buy says desbloqueaado factory and qye not already have the seal of Orange then assumed that noes new company but the orange unlocked it only works in Europe, should specify that it is unlocked the orange.

Don't buy this phone. I've never had so many problems with a phone. Camera doesn't zoom. It's OS is slow and lame. The apps for this phone are not worth a penny. I'll never buy a blackberry phone again. The battery life is a joke. I couldn't even make it a full day before recharging...it was only a several days old.  The main reason I brought the phone was for it's keyboard. I won't make that mistake again.  Blackberry torch 9800 is a sorry excuse for a smart phone.

I purchased this phone after the Milestone. I had dropped calls nonstop with the milestone and had a TON of issues with email. I bought this phone a few weeks ago and so far so good! Lots of fun apps and very easy to use. I LOVE the sliding keyboard, it's much easier to type on it. I'm very happy with my purchase.

i purchased this phone for my friend she had it for years i guess it could last long once you care your things

ES UN PRODUCTO DE MUY MALA CALIDAD, NO ES ORIGINAL, ES RECONSTRUIDO.  EL VENDEDOR EN NINGUN MOMENTO COLOCA ESA OBSERVACION EN LA DESCRIPCION DEL PRODUCTO,  DEBERIAN DEVOLVERLE EL DINERO A LA GENTE.  NO LO RECOMIENDO.

It is a nice phone but it took some getting use to with the virtual keyboard.Will not trade in for a while because it looks real smart.

el telefono nunca prendiuo llegfo da&ntilde;ado aqui a venezuela me parece una irresponsabilidad de parte del vendedor este telefono nunca me sirvio para nada

BEWARE!!I purchased this phone supposedly "brand new and unlocked" supplied and shipped from AMAZON. I received a new box with the seal unbroken.HOWEVER, When I opened the box, though the phone seemed untouched... it came with NO BACK DOOR battery cover. Added to which, I could not sign in to Windows Live Messenger or GTalk, it would display an error message "The application has been disabled from IT Policy!" and "Windows live messenger has been blocked!"... but BBM worked fine. When I contacted my local service provider, they said there is nothing on their side that they can do.I contacted RIM for their assistance, who subsequently informed me that the settings for the enterprise network the phone was previous connected to still exists on the phone, and that's why I am having the problem. So of course I am confused... I paid for a BRAND NEW PHONE, but RIM reveals the phone was actually in use before.So my advice to you is when purchasing phones online... proceed with caution!

I bought this phone for my friend. It came with a open box even though all inside bags are untouched.  The sealing sticker cannot seal the box. It's not sticky any more. Seems this box was opened/sealed many times. It made me uncomfortable as it looks used and it's for my friend.

this was a gift for my lil sister and she is extremely happy with her new phone.  It was exactly what was expected!  thanks again

It works perfect. The combination of the camera, the display and the sleek new look will make this phone the love of your life. The captivating touch screen is one of the best features that I experienced.

Great phone!!! The torch 2 will be out soon, so we might have a price drop, so if you want the BlackBerry slider in a better price, that will be your chance.I want the torch 2, tho. lol same thing, just really faster inside, and of course the BB OS 7 inside too....

el producto me llego en buenas condiciones lo recomiendoel producto me llego en buenas condiciones lo recomiendoel producto me llego en buenas condiciones lo recomiendo el producto me llego en buenas condiciones lo recomiendo

Great product! Good price. It has all the good features of a blackberry and many good features of an android, The keyboard is an additional good feature but you sacrifice a little in thickness and weight.

I've had all sorts of smartphones and was thinking about getting this touch version or an iphone. After the touch screen of my ipod crashed and became unusable, and further learned that this is a very common issue and that's why they keep releasing new versions, I decided to give BB torch a try. I was impressed with the short time it takes to boot on OS6, there's not much to learn on how to get a hold of the apps if you've owned a BB previously.I've seen some comments from people complaining that their phone is slow to respond. I guess that if you are in the middle of an installation and begin multitasking this could happen. But I have not been seeing any performance issues whatsoever and it is working smoothly and keeping me pleased with my purchase.For those of you planning to buy it unlocked, it worked with no issues with my local provider (and I was expecting lots of issues due to the poor quality of the service I get from my phone company).Don't think twice and get your hands on this BB.

Hi How are you, I need to know if the cell phone that you are selling has the slot for the sim card, because in our country only have GSM technologies to operate the cell phones, I glade you if you can give me this information quikcly because i like the article and ill like to buy this.because in the information is wrote that there are only three in stock

For me this has been one of the best Blackberry I've had., Very delicate and problematic model for ubicer a protective liner.After much more than a year I have and even what has been an excellent mobile phone

este tel&eacute;fono esta muy completo, aqu&iacute; en Venezuela trabaja perfectamente para movistar, garantizado ya he comprado 3 iguales y todo perfecto

Does anyone know if this phone also carries a GPS? I like it based on everyone's positive feedback but would like to know if it carries a GPS accessibility!

Phone of poor quality. It was rebuilt, along with not complied with the specifications of an original article Blackberry. Not recommend them.

This smartphone is really nice but has a little problem, it tends to get stuck when you're taking pictures or moving from one menu to the other one. you have to be patience...

Ross Cellular sell refurbished Cellulars. Don't buy at this store. They promise a new Blackberry Torch 9800, but the box is not original. The Tag behind the battery it was cover by a White Stick... Battery it was used

This phone is slow and laggy. It's almost impossible to get to do anything on it because it takes forever to load up and application. Do not waste your money

Everything was ok, the phone was brand new, but do not send via UPS they do not have a signed receipt

I opted to upgrade to a stronger device during the AT&T; transition this Spring so this is my first experience with a, "smart" phone.  Mistakes were made.Over the last few months, instead of peevishly spitting curse words every time I've had a problem, I've instead swallowed the angst and am storing it in my body until I build a superhuman charge.  Once reached, I'll then maintain a subcritical status until my contract expires.  When that day comes I'll say goodbye to friends and loved ones, pet my dog one last time, grab this phone, and drive down to my local AT&T; store.  I'll wait patiently in line for approximately two to four hours and listen for my name.  I'll then stand up, raise the Blackberry Torch to my mouth, and yell an alien curse word so vile and contaminated that the resulting ten-mile crater will be approachable by neither man nor machine for the remainder of Earth's life.Yes, I am exaggerating, but the Torch doth burn me daily and I'm sick of it.I've developed a disdain for the touchscreen that is palpable.  It freezes frequently throughout the day requiring numerous battery removal/restarts, which got old immediately.  I brought this up to an employee at AT&T; and he confirmed my technique.  "Yeah," he grunted, trying to wedge his fingernails behind the defiant battery cover.  "You have to yank the batteries out of these things daily or they'll lock up on you."  He popped the battery out, one Mississippi, pushed it back in, and then we both stared absently out the window at a drunken homeless woman attempting to navigate the treacherous, smooth-stoned landscaping surrounding the store's perimeter while the Torch's load-screen bar struggled against some demons of its own.And this isn't uncommon.  As the problem persists, I find myself seeking comfort in numbers.  When I see someone with a Torch, I typically ask them for a performance review and the freeze issue has proven a universal one.  I have no idea why this makes me feel better but it does, so I keep asking.  Earlier this week I was invited to a neighbor's house and his mother was there.  She was ranting maniacally about the threat of terrorism and hit a crescendo that included semi trucks, rocket launchers, and our local oil refineries when said neighbor's Blackberry, which I hadn't yet noticed, started vibrating on the coffee table.  Without thinking, I rudely cut her off to ask him what he thought of his phone.  I had front-row seats to a rapidly escalating, frothing paranoia wherein the woman actually pantomimed holding a rocket launcher and I killed it all dead.  The audacity of the social severing was astonishing and made me realize how deeply wounded I really am.I'm also flipping out every time I accidentally hit, "MUTE", or, "HOLD" with my cheek meat.  This too happens often and it's infuriating.  I'll be talking to someone and then suddenly that someone is gone.  By the time I get the screen back on and sort out which icon I've activated, the person I was speaking with will have already hung up and moved on to a more rewarding conversation elsewhere.I understand that you'll come across these problems with touchscreen phones, but why not have a screen lock that automatically initiates when the phone is answered?  Or one that can be activated by the user if needed?  If the Torch houses something similar that I've not yet discovered, I'll beg a thousand pardons, but for now I'm working under the assumption that this isn't traversed outside of making a conscious/sub-conscious effort to hold the phone at a preventative angle away from what I've come to know as a villainous facial structure.I've also had some problems with the unit displaying a small, "you'll wait" clock while it sporadically processes data of unknown origins.  This is crippling to the performance of the phone, rendering it entirely useless until the activity is complete.  Again, this happens randomly and seemingly without provocation.  So, if you need to make a phone call and Wee Clock is busy, "you'll wait".Lastly, the on-board camera is just weak.  Last weekend, a friend of mine was showing me shots he'd taken on his Android and I was instantly enamored with the results.  So much so that I wanted to punch his head, steal the phone, and drop my flaccid chunk of failing technology on the pavement next to him before snapping a Pulitzer-winning depth of field photo of the rapidly cooling crime scene.  Torch photos are bland.I know this stuff sounds petty, and it is, but if I'm going to spend this much money on a phone that claims substantial leaps in its field, then I expect it to function at the elevated level advertised.  But it just doesn't do that.  There are some fun apps and a few groovy extras but this isn't enough to quell the scathing grudge I'm developing for this cellular telephone.And, to add insult to injury, my wife rejected the upgrade and went with a stock phone that works beautifully.  There have been times when I've needed to make a phone call and jabbed violently at my Torch's screen before finally giving up the ghost and borrowing hers.I've been duped.  I've been a fool.- tAddendum.  30 October, 2011:Now the phone is blinking in and out of screen lock during normal text operations.  It's exasperating.  I've tried to pin down which letter is doing this, but the prognosis is worse than I could have expected.  It seems the phone has suffered a stroke and now the whole right side of its qwerty board has been rendered useless, albeit randomly so.  Immediately after removing/replacing the battery it works beautifully, but rapidly degenerates into a grossly negligent pile of inoperable plastic that cries quietly in the corner.  I want to punch it with nine cinder blocks while dancing viciously.- tAddendum.  13 December, 2011:Desperate now.  I went through and deleted every app not being used on a daily basis and there weren't many.  This in the hopes that the wee machine would feel less encumbered during its stay with me.  Had there been no contract melding us in some tragic, embryonic embrace, I'd have driven the phone to a quiet field outside of town and thrown it at my own face until it exploded.This, unfortunately, is not the case and now I'm having to remove the battery anywhere from five to ten times a day just to make a phone call or send a text message.  And please, please let me reiterate to you that I'm not alone, here.The Blackberry is made by the clumsier demons of Hades and these demons are made fun of constantly.- t

Blackberry 9800 purchased from UNLOCKEDCELLPHONEKINGS.phone was clearly not OEM and ws AT&T; branded. Door looked USED and cable was not authentic Blackberry Branded.

i just unbox this cellphone yesterday and when i was charging it today , i had a problem dont appear like it was charging , the torch doenst charge and actually i dont know what to do i dont know its problem

I bought it 7 months ago and one day it stoped working... =(I was planning to have it minimum a year. It did not fall down or anything... It just stoped working... I am very dissapointed.

I hate that little black box in the center of the screen....keeps on popping up at the wrong time! Other than that, I like it

First impressions are, bulky, wide, and heavy...but thats just first impressions, I found out later by exploring the torch phone, that it's elegant and well worth theextra weight, I'm very pleased with my product and wouldn't change it.the opperating system is modern fast and smart, this is exactly what I was looking for a phone that coulddeliver fast touch response and connect me to the world; excellence.When a later phone like this is released, just a tip, a little lighter,but if I have to live with it, then I certainly can.well worth the buy.  ( unlocked )

This phone works really well in the Caribbean. I love it! I was disappointed when I found out that the blackberry 9800 was 3g and not 4g, but I should have done the research. I still like it.

the worst purchase I've made around here, the blackberry is damaged. Do not start completely. came with the motherboard damaged. a total disappointment. WANT A CHANGE.

When I received this Blackberry Torch 9800 I loved this product.  It is a big improvement over traditional blackberry's since it incorporates many of the iphone features such as touch screen, picture sliding and so on, while retaining the best features of the blackberry: the physical keyboard and the trackball. It's the best of both worlds.  The screen is larger than a traditional blackberry and the design is modern and functional.  The pictures taken with it's camera are quite good.  It was easy to set it up since it is basically done in the same way as other traditional blackberry's. The only feature I missed is 4G capabilities, but I had read horrible reviews on the 9810 model (which features 4G), the most common complaints being that it freezes all the time and the battery lasts very little time (sometimes only 5 hours).  So, I did not regret getting this 9800 model, which enjoyed far better reviews.  I bought an international unlocked version and I inserted a foreign SIM card and used it on wifi mode only while travelling abroad to avoid roaming charges.  However, the moment I returned to the U.S. and inserted an AT&T card and activated a data plan from them, the wifi radio was immediately blocked and never worked again.  Even though it would connect to my home network and other hotspots, it would not let me browse nor download email via wifi.  Consistently a "cannot connect message" would come up.  It drove me crazy.  I spent two days trying to fix the problem and blogged for two days on the blackberry forum, but it was impossible to come up with a solution.  From my research, I learned that many Torch 9800 owners were experiencing exactly the same problem: wifi would not work.  I even called AT&T and went to one of their stores to see if they could help me, and they were absolutely useless.  My frustation reached a point were I decided to return the product to my vendor, since I was still within the 30 day return window.  I got a full refund for it. End of story.

after buying this phone i'll never buy any cheap electronics's online anymore. From the first day i got this phone i had problems ..... i trusted most of the good reviews this seller had, but i ended up getting the wrong end of the stick. This phone keeps going on and off from the first time i got and now it don't even come on anymore.Now i have to try and see if i can fix it witch was not my intention.this is the first time i got a bad product from amazon.... wast of my $300.00 (if they had a -5 rate i would of selected it) Buyers don't let this price fool you like it did me.... i would never recommend this buy. on another note this seller is on my black list .... i don't trust him/her at all.

I received the product in Venezuela in excellent condition, thanks for everything, I recommend 100% to the seller.The blackberry has been in operation for several weeks without any problems, is an excellent phone and everything works fine, had no detail and was under the conditions described by the seller.

The phone was used, there was a screen saver already on the product that was scratched and dented. The data on the phone had been wiped clean, meaning I am now unable to get and set up my email accounts on the phone.  The phones slide was also damaged and is pulling away from the phone causing it to be uneasy to open and close. The phone also requires to be rebooted often due to unexpected errors. This product was not new had been used and should not be sold to anyone else. I would never recommend this product to another person due to the problems that I have been having. Thank you.

Best blackberry phone I ever hadI will recommend this to every one I know who wants to own a blackberry

I bought this phone for a friend and she is quite happy, even was new ??? have a little problem dialing by itself. Because shelive in other country to fix here or return to the seller will be difficult.

I'm really very happy I'm addicted to BlackBerrys and smart phones have almost all models but this model really is the best is over in all aspects of 5 I give it 5 as screen 3G browsing speed really light of truth so I am very happy with my phone I recommend to 1000%

The product is ok.The touch system doesn't work as other devices from other brands. The other things work perfect.

I am generally quite happy with my purchase and compared with local prices on the same, it far superceded. The only drawback for me so far is that it takes an eternity to charge while similar ones have a relatively short charging time. I wish I knew what the problem is so I can cut down considerably on my charging time. Can you offer some assistance in that regard?

The phone I received was more like a refurbished phone, than a new one, I don't think I can buy more ohones like this one

I purchaced this phone because it was unlocked but their was no mention of it being flashed to AT&T. Now every time I turn on the phone i have to watch a AT&T promotion. Good phone bad seller.

EL tel&eacute;fono dejo de funcionar al momento de cargar las actualizaciones y eso fue a los dos d&iacute;as de comprar el celular.Se reinicio y apareci&oacute; el error: App Error 602.Se quedo atrapado en un espiral de no retorno y tuve que mandar arreglar el problema a un servicio privado ya que estoy de viaje por Uruguay unos meses.Me costo U$ 40 arreglar el celular.Una pena.

Love this ontil my mom even love it more I give her it and order back one Works great for me

Anterior mente compre uno de estos y me llego de manera maravillosa, vino en su caja original, con todos sus accesorios (Cargador, aud&iacute;fonos, estuche adaptadores universales de corriente, etc). En vista de esta experiencia decid&iacute; comprar 7 equipos mas. Mi sorpresa es que cuando me llegaron solo venia el tel&eacute;fono y el cargador, en una caja chimba (Gen&eacute;rica)y de accesorio solo trajo el cargador. Realmente fue una experiencia decepcionante con este VENDEDOR. No los regereso porque estoy en Venezuela y me saldr&iacute;a muy costoso echar para atr&aacute;s la compra, pero ganas no me faltan.Previous considering buying one of these and I came so wonderful wine in its original box with all accessories (charger, earphones, Universal power adapter kit, etc). In light of this experience I decided to buy 7 more teams. My surprise is that when I arrived just leave the phone and charger in a box chimba (Generic) and only brought the charger accessory. It really was a disappointing experience with this vendor. Regereso not because I am in Venezuela and I would roll back costly purchase, but I do not lack desire.

Love this phone!!!  As a fan of Blackberry I am glad it has the touch screen and the slide out keyboard.

The touch screen it's very usefull, it makes the cellphone easier to navigate and it's built-in keyboard makes writting very fast if you don't like the touchscreen. I don't like that wi-fi can't be used separatelly from the data plan, it just make it faster. I rate the phone with 9 over 10 stars.

I do not typically write product reviews.  I am a fairly passive consumer and do not normally feel too passionately about products one way or another.  But this phone has caused me so much pain and heartache that I have been inspired to share my long list of grievances with the world.First, the good.  I begrudgingly had to give this phone two stars, because yes, it's cool that it's a blackberry with a touch screen and still has a full keyboard, and that's worth a star.  That's pretty much where the good stops.  Let the rant begin.First, the touch screen is crap.  Honestly, you poke one part of the screen, and it will act like you poked a part of the screen an inch away.  This makes the touch screen incredibly frustrating to use and cripples the utility of having a touch screen by at least 60%.  You will never use the on-screen keyboard, even if you try, because you can't possibly type a word correctly.Second of all, this phone is incredibly buggy.  Frequent freezes and crashes?  You bet. Dropped calls?  Of course!  Short term memory loss?  You'll get that.  Deletion of call history beyond an extremely short period of time?  100% included.  Notifications whenever any one of your 500 friends does anything on facebook?  Oooh yeah!  And beware, if you try to delete the social feeds app like a normal sane person, it just deletes the icon so you have no way of deactivating the facebook feed without getting a new phone.But that's just the beginning.  The worst, and I mean of all this crap I've had to put up with, the single worst aspect of the phone is the screen lock button.  It's at the very top of the phone, and is extremely sensitive to any physical contact, including the drop of a piece of pocket lint.  So warn your friends beforehand if you get this phone, because you will be pocket dialing them about 5 times a day.  And warn your accountant too, because if you travel abroad you will incur at least an extra $100 a day in pocket dialing charges.  Carlos Slim will be very pleased.I am an ardent freedom-preaching capitalist, and I believe it's rare that a company puts out a product that actually destroys utility for its customers.  But you can file this one away with mortgage-backed securities: Blackberry, your Torch has successfully made me, and thousands of others, poorer, less happy people.

El art&iacute;culo se anuncia como nuevo, sin embargo, lleg&oacute; con algunas manchas, el cargador de casa rayado, sin manual y con la caja rota. Se contacta al vendedor y la respuesta no fue nada amistosa. Al final solo ofreci&oacute; devolver el costo del cargador de casa y como parte de la respuesta que di&oacute; puso: "El cargador est&aacute; rayado, pero funciona?". El articulo no es barato, por lo que uno espera que llegue en &oacute;ptimas condiciones.

Do you put the receipt inside the package or stick it outside the package ?Is it possible if you only write the address in the package and put the receipt inside ?

It is a lovely instrument, not difficult to get familiar with. I use 2 different SIM cards with it, pending where I am going. It arrived exactly when Amazon said it is supposed to arrive.

I'm very pleased with this amazing smartphone. It came brand new, all accesories with it and a 4GB micro SD memory card included wich wasn't mentioned in the publication, this is a plus for me. Im using it in south america and it works very good with my carrier. It was sold and sent by Amazon.com and I'm very happy with my new gadget.

Iam pleased to announce that I am very pleased with the purchase you make and I regret not having answered before. I'm interested in doing business with you, I want to buy a blackberry bold 5

i already owned one Blackberry 9800 before and it a great phone, it arrived in perfect condition and all the items listed where there, nothing to complain.

This cellphone is an excellent purchase. I must said that as a customer I'm really satisfied with the cellphone, has improve the way I comunicate with my environment. I had 1 month with this cellphone without any kind of complaints. 100% recommended.

IT IS NOT WHAT I ASKED FOR..AND ALSO CAME REAL LATE!! I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR.. SMH

Hey OEM!Stop scamming people with used phones sold as new!!This is not cool, and Amazon's reputation is at stake.The phone showed signs of use even though it was packaged like a new phone,and there were songs from Notorious B.I.G (I'm black, but not a fan),and Big L (Don't know him, don't care for him).Spending this much only to be duped is not acceptable..Update:The phone itself is also a testament to bad software, as the language settings keep defaulting to spanish despite changing it back to English countless times from the options menu. The battery life is another pitiful festure. You MUST charge this stupid phone EVERYDAY or it quits on you. I was stuck at the hospital for a whole day without being able to call my family cause the battery gave out. Cell phones are supposed to be good for emergencies, morons.The ony thing useful about the phone is the a-z speed-dial.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! I'll give it a ZERO star if possible, cause I've been swindled.

The phone was delivered in 2 days, to Canada! It was in flawless condition and I've been using the cell ever since. I love it! I highly recommend it.

let me first say someone stole this phone from me so keep it close i find it to be a great phone on a good network like 4G every app work it was my first blackberry that would steam youtube video with out wifi the camera take fine picture the sound is great going online is fast if u r looking for the next best thing its a phone to have there is not u cant not like with this phone

I live in southern america, and the product works perfectly with mi home and work WiFi's as well as my phone service provider.When inserting the SIM card, it took a few 20 to 30 minutes to carry out a suitable "handshaking" process with the new PIN from my previous to the new Torch Blackberry, but other than that, it has been working flawlessly.

Worst phone I ever bought, it's slow, it hangs, and it does not show all sides when I watch a video on YouTube, I had to give it out to my little cousin, and he destroyed it and got something better....

I had a Samsung Eternity that I liked, but I am not a big fan of just a touch screen.  I wanted a phone that had both.  I really like my Torch.  It's a bit heavier, but that doesn't bother me.  The only complaint I have with the touch screens are if you don't lock it, you end up dialing out or while on the phone your face can disconnect someone.  Otherwise, I would definetly recommend it.

I'm satisfied with my purchase. The item arrived on time, and was just like shown in the web site. The company answered my e-mail after less than 24h. I recommend.

For three years I carried two phones: my work BlackBerry and the iPhone my wife bought me. For years I waited for a smartphone that combined with the use-ability of the iphone but with a keypad so that I could bust out work emails with the speed of light without making a 100 typos. I wanted to carry only one phone and I thought the BlackBerry Torch was the answer. Instead, I want to light this MF on fire. The Torch is a once, non-intuitive and non-imaginative. It's clunky. It's like the developers never even picked up the iphone when they developed this latest "iPhone Killer." Let me tell you, if the Torch is an iPhone killer, then Roberto Duran was the Sugar Ray Leonard killer. No Mas! I'm taking this steaming piece of doggie doo back to AT&T and unwinding this 5 hour transaction with extreme prejudice. But if you want a real critique, here is a short list: the web browser is awful; the touch pad typing is horrendous; the map sucks; why can't I add a number to existing contacts?!?; they make you agree to a contract on every application that you open . . .if I were going to spend 48 hours with this phone, I'm sure that I could find 50 things I hate about it. And to the two people who had iPhones and advised me to buy the Torch like they did: get off of the Crack(berry)! And did I mention that I hate this phone? I'd rather go back to my 3Gs with it's cracked screen and my blackberry bold. Oy vey.

You get what you pay for.This is a GREAT phone for what is worth now a days.Sure, there are better phones, but I don't think there are better phones for this price.

This phone does not support 3G or 4G on Tmobiles network. I contacted Tmobile and was told because the smartphone is set at a different frequency it cannot be supported. You can only get EDGE speeds or Wifi. This is not mentioned at all in the description only that it is unlocked and will work on 'any GSM' network.

It seemed like a great phone but ended up being one of the bunch with an innumerable number of failures, however naive in my country are wishing for.

I love my fone, it was what I was looking for in a fone.It is easy to carry in my bag

The screen is too sensitive as well as its very difficult to handle. However when I'm on a call the phone feels cute at my ears.

This is a great product as far Blackberries go. Shipping was on time and well done. Being an unlocked phone I was expecting more of the facilities - that is the ability to setup public email and IMs but its is not so. Maybe I am not doing it right. Outside of this i can not fault the product in anyway.

I had used the same curve 8310 for 2-1/2 years. I couldn't bring myself to get an iPhone since it was just too "play" for me. I saw the torch and knew I needed it. I can not possibly express how AWESOME this phone is. I have the benefits of the touch screen, there is still a keyboard thta I am accustomed to, and all the balckberry behaviors I am familiar with.There are a few items that have been a bit discouraging. The battery life is less than my curve, but I also use a LOT more features on this phone than I ever did on my curve, so I am sure that has a direct connection.The slide out keyboard is slightly recessed and that makes holding the "ALT" key and using adjacent keys a little more difficult. However you can quickly switch to the on-screen keyboard in either portrait or landscape format and avoid that problem.My boyfriend has an iPhone and for what he does for a living it is perfect it has apps that he uses. However for corporate business the Blackberry torch is the perfect solution.I have a new addiction to add to my list, and I am sure my family doesn't like this phone even more than they didn't like the last one.

Good seller, i'm from Venezuela, all came fine, it just has a problem when removed the battery door it's too hard to do, but all came fine, thanks.

lo espere lole instale mi tarjeta y listo todo ok  lo recomiendo, este es un equipo que com movistar  venezuela fumciona al maximo

I had this phone for over a month now, and here are just some thoughts about it.I enjoy reading online novels, and having this phone I am allow to sit in my car reading something while just chilling or waiting for someone.It works perfectly fine with some short stories. But when it goes to loading huge amount of texts (300,000 and up), it takes quite some time(maybe 3 or 4 minutes or even more) to just finish downloading the page, and then it will take another 2 minutes to adjust the format as you zoom in. And if you are not careful enough holding the device up tight and so happen to flip it just a bit (or maybe just taking a sip of a drink or a call), it will automatically change its viewing from straight to side and here goes another extra 2 minutes again.I don't know if iphone or android have the same problem; yet I am actually fine with waiting the initial 3 minutes of the loading part.But honestly, I think it should have some sort of applications to lock the viewing as you are surfing the internet.And sometimes, it doesn't happen very often, while you are surfing the internet, the page somehow freezes and the back of the device starts heating up. And within 1 or 2 minutes period, the battery life suddently drops about 30%. I kinda worry if this is goning to damage the device.The actual keyboard is awesome, but the touch screen keyboard is just retarded. You often typed in the letter below the one you actually typed.The camera doesn't have a tiny mirror next to it, so it's really hard for you to take a picture of yourself.The back cover became a bit lose after I accidently dropped it six inches height to the desk, but it is probably my own fault (however I still haven't found the part that makes the cover lose).I think it's an ok device, and if rim fixes the touch screen keyboard and make some adjustments to the internet surfing, I'd rate it as 4 stars.

very good phone,so far ive not have an issue with it,i said so cause its a used phone,love it,i would recomend

I over looked a few glitches at first but now it's over bearing, only 4 months have gone and my buttons aren't working, the phone freezes all the time and blank out, the touch screen sucks I have to resort to that because of the buttons and and it gives me all kind of problem. I warn you people to not buy.

I use this phone because my work sanctions only BB's for email, so I have no other choice for a smart phone.  This is my third BB, had the Curve and the previous torch that has the slide out keyboard (the fatter, wider, thicker Torch...don't know the model# offhand).  I upgraded from the slider because the IT guy told me it was the latest 4G model, and should be better and faster.  Besides the Curve, both the slider and this one experience the same issues:  they hesitate, lock up and basically freeze on a weekly basis forcing you to pull the battery and re-boot.  This procedure takes about 4-5 min's.  Some weeks it works fine, but just when you need it to work quick it will just slow down and basically stop.  Most frustrating is using the Weather Channel app that comes pre-installed.  OMG, it takes Forever to load.  My wife's iPhone 3GS is lightening fast loading this app.  Also, the apps from Blackberry suck.  Sorry, but they are cheap knockoff's of the popular apps you hear about.  The apps have stupid names like "Throw Crazy Things" or something like that.  And most if not all cost something.  On the positive side, when the camera does feel like working, it does take really nice pictures, and the video camera is also very good.  Both have a tendency to freeze-up though.  The flash works well, but not on skin tones which turn out with a blue tint.  I use the camera frequently for taking images of parts (for work) and it works fine for that application.  I can run out in the plant, take a pic, and email it to myself before I get back to my office.  Another positive is that the email works well about 85% of the time.  It also freezes when you try to scroll down your inbox list, but its probably the best function for this phone.  It has a really nice screen too, larger than the iPhone, but in my opinion not as nice as my iPod Touch (4th Gen) Retna screen.  So, if you are forced into using one of these like I am, then you deal with the hesitation, and having to pull out the battery every week or two.  If you have the option....get an iPhone!

Those phones cellulars arrived in perfect condition. The only "problem", for me, is that this equipment don't arrived with manual.

I had used a B9700 for one year so my opionThere are a few items that have been a bit discouraging. Starting with the battery life (is less than my onyx)This phone works flawlessly. The touch screen is easy to use and not overly sensitive.Sold by Amazon (A1++++)

I bought the phone to be used in India and so far it has been a good phone and works as expected. Below are pros and cons in my opinionPros1. Good looking and sturdy feel.2. It has the most recent blackberry OS which is a bit more user friendly and intuitive than the previous version3. The touchscreen interface is similar to iPhone and much better than the BB stormCons1. The touch keyboard is not as reponsive as the iPhone. It may get better with more practice but atleast initially it feels a bit clumsier and tad too sensitive. The physical keyboard is good.2. The OS is still not as user friendly as the iPhone's iOS.3. The BB appworld is a joke compared to Apple. Also the fact there are multiple sources for downloading the apps takes some getting used to. Some of the apps such as Vonage and Skype are not available for blackberry torch. I hope this gets resolved soon.Overall, not a bad phone.

This phone along with the rest of the blackberry product line is awful. You need to pull the battery out all the time to restart the phone. The internet is very slow and cannot open some pages. The only positive thing that comes along with the blackberry is BBM. Other than that the phone is junk. Blackberry really needs to step their game up if they want to compete in the smart phone market. They have not come out with a product that even comes close to the iPhone or the Droid. The app store is awful and tends to be way over priced. I don't understand why Blackberry hasn't shown any improvement or development towards a better phone, there is just no excuse. Overall I would not waste your money on a phone like this you are better off spending a bit more and get a solid phone like the iPhone 4 or 4s.

I bought this phone 3 years ago, that is the main reason why i decided to write a review right now. While other cheaper models tend to break within a year o year and a half, this one just looks as new as 3 years ago. I took really good care of it.The main problem is that it started getting slow a few months ago (you can see the annoying waiting clock from time to time), and sometimes it just stops working and you have to restart it... but apart from that it works just fine. I'm satisfied with my purchase, i must say i didn't expect it to last so long.I would only recommend this phone to blackberry addicts, cause i must say that if i was to buy another right now, i would just get an iphone or samsung.... because they're much faster than BB, have mor apps, etc.

Always wanted to buy this phone. It was well packaged, even shipped on time..It looked good until i tried charging it......defectiveSad.....

I've had the Torch for like 6 weeks now. It was the first real "smartphone" I had and I spent like a week just trying to sync my email and Facebook with it and figure out how to use it and not break it. It's really snazzy, but a bit heavy. The camera quality is awesome; I don't even use my digital camera anymore. There are a few really annoying things. First of all, when you're on a call the screen is prone to turn itself on and your ear or cheek will hit numbers or the mute button, which is so annoying, and can really screw you up if you're driving (even though I know you're not supposed to, you know you drive and talk).Then there's a sort of lag and delay when using the touch screen. That didn't occur until recently.Lastly, the QWERTY keyboard is pretty small, and although I prefer it over the touch screen, I have long nails and often hit the wrong button. It is nice, however, to have the option of touch screen or slide-out QWERTY.At first, it lasted two days on a full charge. Now I charge it every night for safety because it started dying halfway into the second day.I don't want to rag on it, because it really is a nice phone, but it's just not as practical as I'd like. In the future, I may invest in an iPod Touch, and, in conjunction with a crappy pragmatic flip phone, I'll be able to do the things I need to do without all the crap I don't need.

I've had it for two months (Nov 2010) and really enjoyed the nice big screen and the slide out keyboard.  However, I don't think it's ready for prime time.There are numerous faults.  Touch sensitivity is sluggish, and multi-touch is almost non-existent.  I've spent more time trying to increase and decrease screen size than actually reading articles.The Apps store is pathetic.  Less than 1000 games, and you will not find any of the most popular games like Angry Birds.Battery life is about 16 hours on moderate use, and 6 hours on heavy use.I'm glad I paid a penny for the phone on the 2 year plan, because that's all it's worth at this stage in the life cycle.  I'll stick with it for now, but most likely i'll migrate to an android phone next year.

I was using a Bold before I switched to Torch.  Torch is a real disappointment.The cons:1. Hangs every now and then2. Responds very slowly esp after you slide the touch screen out3. Battery drains faster than other BBs4. Many apps available for Bold and other BBs are still not available for Torch5. Sometimes dials out going calls in the background (this is a nightmare!)Are there any pros:1. It has a touch screenAll in all, avoid changing your cell phone from some other BB - no matter which other BB you are using.  If you are not using any BB then switch to Bold.I hope you found the review helpful.

Is it an unlocked phone, right? Will it work with any carrier within the allowed frequencies? Thanks

To be honest I was truly concerned about purchasing this phone with no warranty.  However,  it is working fine so far.  My only disappointment is that it came with no media card.

Its everything I dreamed and more. Nice neat stylish and compact. Fast and responsive, great at multi tasking and recording data and media. Great phone for on the go purposes, social networking and communicating. Has crystal clear vivid display screen and very innovative features, I love it mane* I'm going to have this one for a long time.

Serious people recommended. Fast delivery, this phone is the best I've ever had. Very good attention. I had doubts about buying online, but the truth, I've found that I have managed to solve my concerns

First I paid for express delivery , it was a day late. Then when I went too activate the phone it was not compatible with my carrier.  Now I have a phone I paid $185.00 for and cant use. Thanks for nothing.

I needed an unlocked cell phone to use overseas. I realized from past experiences that many people that deal in cell phones apart from the major cell phone companies are difficult at best to deal with. Many are unscrupulous and even dishonest in their dealings and their service and can not be trusted to back up what they sell or even deliver what they promise.For this reason I decided to deal through Amazon who over the years I have found to give excellent service and to be honest in their transactions.I bought my unlocked cell phone from ABE a vender with Amazon. The delivery was made within, actually before, the promised delivery date.At first I had a minor problem with the phone mainly because I did not understand how to use some of the functions I needed overseas.I sent a request to ABE to switch the phone out for another phone. I expected to be met with a disagreeable situation and an argument. Instead I was immediately contacted by ABE through Amazon by email. ABE sent me an email to ask for my phone number and called me. Within 3 days ABE sent me a new phone and told me how use the function I needed. I returned the first phone. The day of the delivery of the new phone ABE sent me an email asking if everything was ok and if the new phone was doing what I wanted it to do, It was, their service was great, and appreciated.I heartedly recommend both Amazon and their cell phone vender ABE. The transaction was easy, polite, and quick. ABE is a pleasure to do business with.They are a bright light in a often shady business.Don SAtlanta, GA USA

I haven't really tested the cell phone yet but the very first thing I noticed was that it clearly stated "remanufactured" in the back... when it was sold to me as new! so far it's been working ok but it should be clear before actually purchasing it that this is a "remanufactured" item.--Edit--The freaking charger doesn't work either!!! I'm in Venezuela so I'm pretty much stuck with what I already got but I strongly recommend not to purchase this item from OEM Shop, they're not running a serious business obviously!--Edit--The phone is now powering off every 10min by itself, this is quite a disappointment, usually you buy from Amazon cause they handle serious business, if I would have know this was going to happen I would have bought it from any other seller including ebay and probably save some money in the process--Edit--It finally happened... the phone powered off and won't turn on again, it's now in a tech service in my location (since I can really get the phone back to the US), they assure me that not only it's a refurbished phone but a used one! possible issues: flex or in the even worse situation the motherboard, I guess if I wanna keep the phone I'll have to pay it twice, I wanna make clear that I already had to change the charger--Edit--OEM Shop is taking back the phone for a full refund, the phone is on its way to their facilities, it's definitely not the best case scenario but at least they're taking responsibility for it and have been for the most part very welcoming and receptive about providing a solution

This phone works flawlessly.  The touch screen is easy to use and not overly sensitive.  The browser is great.  There are many things BlackBerry does so much better than anyone else such as contact management and instant message management, in my opinion.  Push email is awesome.  I've had BlackBerries and HTC and BlackBerry wins hands down.  I have friends with iPhones and while their phone is dead until they get to a place to recharge it all I have to do is pop the battery out and put a fresh one in and I'm still going.  Being able to replace the battery on the fly is very important when I am out hiking or camping. One possible drawback to this particular phone is the OS6.  It is excellent in and of itself but my carrier doesn't support it and I was unable to get service books for the browser to work.  Check with your carrier to see if the phone is compatible and if the OS is compatible.  If not, a quick stop at Crackberry.com gave me the fix for that and now it works perfectly.  If you are using an unlocked phone not on the original carrier this website has all the answers.

Really it is my wif&egrave;`s phone. She say is the best smartphone she had.Amazon services are excellents, The shippment arrived at time and we are very agree. Thanks.

Everything was good. I would like to receive anything extra like protectors or a cheap case but it did not happens :)Thank you!

I love Blackberry.  I have been using RIM's BlackBerry products since they came on the market.  The Torch 9800, bought 1 year and 7 days ago was my second Smartphone made by BlackBerry.  I bought it in Upstate New York while visiting family. When I got home to DC, 6 days later, it had died.  Was given a new one and out I went.  Then, about 3 months later the one I got here died, really died. Now, I was in Warranty Territory.  So, I waited and got my third Torch 9800, with AT&T; refusing to give me the fix - the incredible 9810, which came out fast due to the errors, physical and in software of the Torch 9800 (I have a recording of a BlackBerry tech telling me that the 9800 was "embarrassing," and they (the techs) wished AT&T; would cut a deal or do something to get the 9810 in our hands - yes, all recorded, legally)In came my next phone, it worked for 1 hour and died. I spent 22 hours over the next three days with AT&T; techs (very good) and BlackBerry techs (very good).  Finally, on day 4 of having it, we were happy. When it worked it was incredible.  The integration, everything, amazing.However, a few months down the road this third phone died again.  After 18 hours we determined it was a hardware issue.  I was offered my FOURTH Torch 9800, still under warranty.  Okay, no choice.  It came, it worked for 24 days and died.  We spent over a week, off and on and finally it worked.  I got it into pristine condition.  Number FOUR was the charm.Then, March 12, 2012 came around. It was the last day of my warranty coverage.  Maybe I was safe and would not get anymore refurbished phones.  No, about 11 a.m. on that nice day, the phone started rebooting itself over and over.  It was just sitting on a table and off it went.  Having been through that issue, I did everything they would ask be to do.I ended up calling AT&T; and they had me do everything again, which is very little since it never actually fully powered up, thus, my computer and the desktop program could not see the phone.  Yes, on the last day of my Warranty Coverage Torch 9800 number 4 bit the dust.Hey, I was lucky, I could still get a refurbished Torch 9800.  Then, in August, when my two year commitment was up I could upgrade to the 9810 or whatever I wanted.  It would only be $99, plus the upgrade fee of $39, and a few other things.All I had to do was to wait, get my refurbished Torch 9800, take a week to reload all of the programs, the options, and so on.  And, it only had to last THREE times as long as any single 9800 had lasted to date.I said no.  They (AT&T;) said, "Sorry."  (yes, this is recorded, legally, plus, all of the chats have been saved.)  Finally, they made a deal.  I was lucky. They were going to let up get my upgrade that DAY.  WOW, how lucky.  I could pay $99, plus the $39 and other charges to get a phone that would work, I hoped for more then a few weeks at at time.I asked if there was a way they could credit the $99, after all, I had been without a phone or setting up phones for just over a total of 10 to 12 weeks.  They felt so bad for me, but, NO WAY.  Can't be done.  No way in the system to do such a crazy thing.After another 10 minutes, the nice guy I was speaking with - and, he was a very nice man - honestly.  He was a cog.  His manager said that I could get the Torch 9810 for about a reduction of $40.  Now, not only was I losing the phone, I would have 23 apps that would NOT work on the 9810.  It would be one thing if I had actually gotten to use them a few times, but, some were barely touched for I never had a phone work long enough to use them.  Also, one of the program that came with the 9800 hadn't shown up on the last phone and I had been charged for it again.  I need to work that out, plus, I think I am due a refund for the apps that don't work.  If the 9800 worked I would not have needed to get a phone that did not support many of the apps.I love my BlackBerry Torch 9810, though, I am actually nervous when I pick it up, will it work?The people I spoke with, from both companies were very professional and quite nice. Unfortunately, a 10 year customer to AT&T; isn't a big deal (I know what churn costs).Everything I have said about is the truth.  I have records of it all.  I could be off on the exact month or day that one of the phones died.  I might be off by a few $$s on the new phone costs - unlikely.RUN from this mess.  I beg of you, get a 9810 or another BlackBerry - Stick to BlackBerry, for when they work they are in a totally different class of product then any other Smartphone I have tried.  I am sure some people got some of the good phones, but, not me.Know this, when any BlackBerry product is up and running, you are in a different world as to what you can accomplish.  The phones are so tightly integrated to so many of the apps and more.  There is almost no app that you may be in from which you can do a totally different task.BlackBerry, I don't think, makes Smartphones.  These are something else, a major step up, but, in the ways that make a difference.  If you are buying for just name, you know what to buy, but, if you want to be impressed every day, if you want a product that just doesn't fit the term Smartphone, go with the best.  I am a desktop computer lover, though, I have four laptops and notebooks, plus three other work stations.The odd thing: so far with the Torch 9810, I have found that I barely touch my desktop, including the two 24" HD screen computer I usually use.  All of this was on the Torch 9810.That's it from me.  All the best to everyone.  NOTE: When speaking to any of the customer service and tech folks, please treat them with respect.  They work hard, are under a lot of stress.  I always ask them to please try to let whatever we just went through, to leave them as they leave work.  No need for anyone to take home that kind of stress.  Priorities.

The phone looks longer, in the picture as it was shown before the purchase. having purchased it I discovered that it was rather short and did not meet my aim of buying it in the first place.Hence, I felt cheated.

phones looked good to me but three days ago one of them started to fail, the trackpad move away alone, when I take it for service for my "not so surprising" the phone did not have their original seals on screws, the phone had been previously opened and all decals altered in the back. Then i take the other for safety for review is also and both were in the same situation.Really I do not trust Amazon for buy BlackBerry phones, it is always the same, used or refurbished phones.

I bought this phone about 2 months ago, I have not had time to write a review as I am always traveling but they sold me something new as something used, this blackberry came with a problem I could only listen from one of the ear plugs and the light on front will never go off, it is very disapointing that you buy something as new and it turns out to be an used , refurnished product, I will never buy from this company never again.

I RECEIVE THE BLACKBERRY TORCH..........BUT THE SCREEN MOTION SENSOR IS NOT WORKING, APARENTLY THE FLEX CABLE IS DAMAGE, THE VIRTUAL KEYBOARD DO'NT WORK.......I' M SO MUCH DISSAPOINTED WHIT THIS BUY............TO BAD BECAUSE THE CELL WAS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT TO MY DAUGHTER......

the telephone came without a battery, how can I solve this problem?... that was an international purchase and I got the cellphone yesterday, and I realize that one of it did't have the cellphone battery help me asap

I am enjoying this phone every day. The only problem is the few numbers of apps available of Appworld compared to Itunes.

The box doesn't seem the original one, but still will just say that was different art from the factory were it was assembled. But the slider system was a little loosed. Will have to check it with technical service.

I especially like good phone all good but I did not like was that when I arrive I find that does not bring headphones because

TELEPHONE WITH PROBLEMS WITH THE SOFTWARE, THE BATTERY AND POWER SOURCE.TO DATE I HAVE REPAIRED IN THREE OCCASIONS.NOT RECOMMENDED

as i said it had broken small golden colour pins and when I swiped my sim card in they fell down..

Well, I am a new BB user, always using Nokia, so I knew I could have some problems related to "usability", but it has been not a ver hard learning curve.Pros:- Nice graphical interface (dual touch and things like that)- The keyboard works great- It has a concept where all the things are combined, like LinkedIn, Facebook, and the normal people directory- I have my business stuff there- Even it doesn't sound great, it plays music (with phones) decently- The internet navigation works very well- The camera works decently, but for me is not my main camera so I'm fine with thatCons:- It could have a better screen resolution- The integrated speaker doesn't have a great bass, and they are not stereo (my previous phone was a Nokia Xpressmusic 5800, and its speaker sounded great to be a phone)- The screen, when unlocked, seems to be very sensitive- I though the Xpressmusic battery lasted too short, 2 or 3 days, but this one is drained in 1 to 1.5 days with normal use (two e-mail accounts + FB + LinkedIn + phone, all on line, having deactivated bluetooth and WiFi)As a closing line, I should say that is a great business phone, and a normal-use phone too.UPDATE: I suspect that the BB holster is the reason I have a "decent" battery performance compared to others:[...]

Freezes too regularly, didn't get a USB cable with it either, it's a nice phone though and has good battery life.

First of all, I own an Iphone 4 and this Blackberry Torch.  I have to say that this Blackberry is all business.  The new OS is very streamlined and nice but you can really tell that it's a tool built for business.  Where my Iphone has no hope of connecting with a true enterprise communications system, Blackberry does so with ease.-The keyboard opens up like it's on spring loaded rails-The keyboard is easily the best keyboard I've used on a phone (it's a blackberry phone)-The case that you buy separately, puts the phone to sleep when you put the phone in it-There's a handy red light that tells you if you have a message, calendar entry, or missed phone call-The battery lasts and lasts-There's a 3.5mm headphone jack-There's a shortcut button on the side that you can customizeSo yes, you can play music, shop for applications like facebook, yahoo im, etc . . . but at the end of the day this is a business tool.Whereas my Iphone is all "my life."  which is nice.This torch though is sleek, streamlined, shiek, and nouvo without losing that "all business" feel to it.  I carry both and I love both for different reasons.

I would not recommend this phone to any person who does not work in the business field. First I would like to say that I see why the Blackberry Torch could be popular with it great abilities to manage and view stuff form the internet. My issue with the phone is its unnecessarily difficult to use OS which takes to long to navigate between windows. But my primary issue is the fact that my phone freezes every couple of minutes as im am texting a friend or using the internet forcing me to restart every time (I have only installed 5 apps that did not come with the phone and I have not used memory space for anything else). The lack of apps and the bad quality of the apps available from app world also bothers me a lot. As a first time Blackberry user I initially bought one thinking that it possibly match or out perform other platforms like Android os and Apple's ios based on how Blackberries are seen as phones with the highest and best quality. Well now I know that this is completely untrue and that I will never buy a Blackberry again unless they completely overhaul their terrible os.

good morning I made my purchase for the good publicity that the product performed at amazon.com and its excellent so I would love precio.de I undertake the delivery as soon as possible thank you for your attention

Here goes.  I bought this device because I love that it combined the full qwerty keyboard with a touchscreen.  I found out that not everything that glitters is gold.I love:Full keyboard, camera and display on this device.  It has a very smooth track to open the keyboard.  It's simply a perfect idea in its conception.I hate:It's slow and I mean slow on the processor end.  It takes some getting used to in order to delete multiple messages, but the WORST is that when I am on a call, the darn thing intermitently pushes numbers (like if your toddler was trying to get your attention and starting pushing the button on the phone to make them beep).  It also has put people on speaker phone while we are talking which is a big no-no for me.  Lastly, it hangs up while I'm on a call, which is the worst insult of all.  And no, I don't have a fat cheek.I can't imagine that RIM's engineers and beta testers didn't run into the problem.  At least with my IPhone, the screen goes black when you put it up to your ear so this doesn't happen.  I say back to the drawing board and I'm sending this back.

No complaints. What I expected and what I wanted.Looks good and performs well. No glitches found yet. I'd definetely recommend it.

Phone never charged and took it to be repaired was told it would cost more to repair than it was worth. It was money down the drain.

el tlf llego en perfectas condiciones aparato nuevo trabaja liberado perfecto sin fallas lo recomiendo al aparato y a la compania q vende soy de venezuela y aqui trabaja demasiado bien

I was waiting a new product of Cell Lounge Inc. Never but !!! I'm very disappointed. This BB 9800 is in bad status

Received the phone, and it was just gorgeous! The only issue I have had with it, is that allllll of the materials enclosed with it were in Spanish and I couldn't read any of it! This is my first Blackberry, and I really just love it! I have found that it's super easy to use, screen is easy to read, and I love having both the full qwerty keyboard and the touch keyboard. There isn't a bad thing I could say about it! Particularly coming from a VERY basic mobile before it, I've found it is so easy to use and navigate (especially considering that I couldn't read any of the materials that came with it!). Pictures have turned out REALLY well.  The only issue I've had using the camera portion is more user error (shaky hands!).

This phone was a total disapointment. I bought it for my wife for Christmas and it would not allow for any email account to be set up. We tried every thing, and in the end it became obvious that the phone had a major software issue. I have since returned it.

I do not recommend this product, unfortunately the battery which I sent to my blackberry's defective torch apparently was not original but had Blackberry logos and trademarks, also the headphones with which they send are not original and complete Blackberry smartphone has a used appearance really does not look new ..... Im really disappointed with this seller .... would not recommend it .... I think people are stealing this product and are doing be well below the mark blackberry.

Actually, i am interested in this item and have intention to buy one.  I will use it in China after this year, so my question is whether i can use this "unlocked" and "international version" cellphone with a SIM offered by a certain Chinese service provider without do anything about the settings? What's the real meaning of "INTERNATIONAL VERSION" ? I appreciate any kindly reply.

helloi liked the deal and ordered, and its hard to find someone who is willing to ship international.recieved the package in 8 days.100% new sealed in box with good packingand i decided to order again.waiting for my second phone to write another review.great sellerwould buy from him again & again.Regards,albudaiwi

this is very nice phone ....and the delivery time was really good.Only probelm was, it was not fully unlocked , I was required to unlock it purchasing codes.

I purchased my torch back in late Jan and loved it for the first 30 days.  Then odd things started going wrong and chalked it up as a learning curve or users error.  However, by the middle of March I knew something was going wonky.  Things started happening like sudden non response touch screen, the mute button going off during a call, slow response times, sudden shut downs, and the list goes on.I have a busy life and didn't have the time to run it into the store but when one day the touch screen was totally unresponsive and didn't 'wake back up'.  I went to the store, April 8.  Finally after two replacements under warranty I took the phone into the center only to watch another 7-10 Torch phones come in right after me with similar problems.They got it to work but only for around ten hours this last time!  So now after the third replacement is on its way I am switching to the Captivate.  AT&T; did right by me, but it took four replacements and now it is May 11, so it took a month of phone issues to do.On another note the day after I bought mine I picked one up for my daughter and hers has been fine but... It is starting down the same path.  Ugh...  Not bad enough yet but every now and again she sees a major upset.

Bought this unloced cell phone for use in Africa, first 2 weeks worked great, phone went blank/dead, cannot get it restored. waste of money.

Good evening, I bought a phone you, where the seller is Amazon.com and I'm angry because this phone that you sent me this bad, the phone has keys and trackbar bad bad I need you to tell me that I do? because I buy a new phone and in perfect condition, not as I received, I hope your answer ...

Unfortunately the phone came with a damaged battery and I had to buy a new one in order to use the phone.

I really like the features of the touchscreen Blackberry Torch, but for me and all of my friends that own it the software FREEZES ALL THE TIME. Non stop, I have to reboot the phone quite often.I replaced my old Iphone with this Blackberry solely given that 90% of my friends are on BBM (Blackberry Messanger), which is a great tool , btw. However, the software that RIM was able to pull together is way worse than Apple's iphone.Several times I cannot send an email because the screen freezes and the only way of exiting the screen is by turning the phone off! And I lose all the message that I have written. Bottom line: I'm using my new Ipad to send emails nowadays.RIM please fix this issue soon.

I have become addicted to this beauty. It never leaves my hands. I sleep holding on to it. At last the perfect phone

Not new as adverised and falling apart already. When I got it it came with a dead battery and had to buy another. now it has a logged history so it wasn't new as advertised and is comeing apart.

Blackberry 9800 Torch,very bad presentation;no cd,no manual.unlike. no recomendacion .for everyone want tu buy whith this company.I wil thing in returned this phone.

Second blackberry, and first touch screen phone.  I've had it for 4 days now and I love it, the touch screen will take a bit getting used to, but soon enough i'll be a pro, the battery lasts abt a day. Worldwide distributors was great, delivered it on the first day of the estimated delivery date. Thanks!

what a great phone. i'm in love with my blackberry. it does what my old Bold does, but much faster, much easier and guess what it navigates the internet almost as good as the iphone...combine it with the rubberized protector case from importer520 and you have a super tool in your handsno hesitation

This is a really great phone! This Blackberry 9800 has been very robust and practical. This was a very good purchase

good afternoonExcuse me sir but I was wondering, it is possible to decrease the item price to 700 $?to buy right now?

What can I say? WOW. This is my first Blackberry, and first touch screen smartphone. I'm a former Nokia man coming from the E61i. I did months of research, I looked at the HTC HD2 and 7 Samsung Omnia 7 and  many others comparing features likes and dislikes. I believe you should KNOW WHAT YOU NEED in a smartphone before you buy, there is no one PERFECT phone on the market plus nothing beats going to a local store and see and touch or even demo the item.If you have access to a pc I highly recommend, FIRST that you download the Blackberry Desktop Software and connect the TORCH to get the need updates for the CORE SOFTWARE and APPS before putting your stuff on it. Yes it is a phone, but it is also half pc and must be treated so as to get the BEST PERFORMANCE from it.Blackberry is the KING for business and messengering!!! The TORCH handles them beautifully and with ease. I find that I lean more on the hard keys to type long messages, but I am trying to get use to screen typing. The screen is great for watching videos and reading text(ebooks), but I think it could have been a little bigger. There is room. Althought, I updated the software when multitasking heavily you can see the HOUR GLASS popping up. I believe that can be corrected with a faster CPU and more MEMORY, plus I found some helpful tips and tricks on Youtube that I used to BOOST and OPTIMIZE the PERFORMANCE of the TORCH and can work on most Blackberry phones.The battery life is also outstanding. I can go all day on one charge, but as your know depending on what you mostly use it for can shorten the life of the battery. The TORCH is my personal phone, but I have a company phone as well to travel with and do my job, so I can't give a fair accessment of the battery life.I have taken some photos and videos with the camera(5MP) and they would PASS:-), well it is a camera phone so you can still get a decent photo to email right away if needed, or capture a special moment as it happens.The APPLE IPHONE has maybe a million plus apps, but I only need two or three on my TORCH to get to get the information that I may need (sports scores, weather, etc.)I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Blackberry TORCH and you will LOVE it:-) I read in a leak somewhere that the TORCH 2 is coming later this year and I am looking forward to it.

very good item, it is exactly as I expected within the good price. it works very good, and met all its standards.

phone is great but would have been better if rim had supplied the original holster with the phone, other than that great phone and i recommend buying it.

this BlackBerry 9800 Torch Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY is excellente cellpphone very good camera and the toch panel is good too

I HAVE BUY A NEW BLACKBERRY 9800 AND I RECEIVED ONE USED WITHOUT BATERRY, MANUAL, AND OTHER THINGSBlackBerry 9800 Torch Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard, 4 GB Internal Storage, and Slider Card Slot Up to 32GB - International Version with No Warranty (Black)

Excelente Vendedor, EL Blackberry 9800 me llego totalmente nuevo en su caja, tal como se describia en el articulo. Liberado para ser usado con cualquier operadora en Venezuela. Gracias por la venta de seguro comprare nuevamente con ustedesExcellent seller, I get Blackberry 9800 brand new in box, as described in the article. Unlocked for use with any carrier in Venezuela. Thanks for the sale of insurance you'll buy again

I've had this since April and I have to say that this is the best phone ever! Used it in the US and currently using it abroad. Love this phone! Highly recommended!

tremendo telefono el envio fue rapido llego al destino en perfectas condiciones y en plena funcion asi que recomiendo al vendedor

This is a unlocked cell phone, work with any gsm carrier. So far so good. I think this the best Blackberry model.

This is my second BB, the first one was a 8320 Curve. This is the best BB smartphone ever.Its a work horse phone. If you want a pleasure phone for messing around buy the Iphone4. For work buy this BB torch.1. Great resolution of the screen, Youtube videos looks great and is easy to read.2. Great idea having both the QWERTY keyboard (for long emails) and touch keyboard (for quickess short messages).3. I have four email accounts, I can see all of them on one screen.4. Unlocked Quad-Band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/900/1800/1900MHz frequencies and 3G HSDPA 850/1900/2100/800 plus GPRS/EDGE data capabilities.5. Touchscreen is as sensitive as the Iphone4.5. Excellent camera with flash, auto-focus and image stabilization, plus 11 photo modes.6. The battery life should get you through 1day and a half but is fast recharged.7. Excellent speaker volume to hear music.The only aspect that I dont like is the screen lock button its extremely sensitive to any physical contact.I really just love it!

I was impressed with the quality of the phone.  The scratch was so minimal it could easily be ignored.  Will definitely buy from this supplier again

Other then the problems to receive the product through belgium customs and the extra Euro 100,= charges for clearance, which is besides this point I guess, I love the BB Torch 9800, it is a great tool that assists with everything very efficiently, I am taking notes and make pictures all day with it, sync at work and home, write a lot of SMS and e-mails with it, it works really swift and smooth. Very handy and sharp tool, I like it.

Good after, im from venezuela, this product came to me this week and a bought a new product, and this phone came used. How can we do to respect? I was need a new phone, and i bought a new phone---

It is now less than a month since i have this phone and it has stopped working! After having it checked by three persons (technicians)I was told that the phone they sent me was a refurbished blackberry. I am totally disappointed in this especially since I paid the price for a NEW phone. This is totally unethical and unfair to me.

Good phone, I gifted it to my friend in India. It still works great there.But yes, we are not using these phones in US. Most people are switching to apple or android.

this phone is the best it fits my lifestyle..... although i only the charge and headphone.The made me for got about the other stuff i should have gotten.

Easy to use, received new, GSM phone, good phone, good camera, but could be better if you can increase just a little the price, but include a memory card (maybe a 4 GB as another phone that I bought.

... certainly one of the worst Blackberries ever. The phone is slow, the OS 6.0 is buggy, many of the applications suddenly stop working so an error message comes to your screen. I wish I would have never changed it from the Bold 2

This is my worst online purchase ever. I really wanted a torch and was very anxious to receive it. When I received it, the scroll button was not working properly and the phone kept freezing so the phone was like a total touch screen phone. The phone also had no warranty so I did not bother to return it. Even though it&#8217;s almost one year since the phone was purchased, and I did not write any reviews, I decided to do it today because the phone is even worse now. The torch itself is a great phone but this one that I received from the seller was not in a good working condition.

Good quality, was excellent, Works well in Venezuela with Movilnet. The screem is sensitive but the blackberry is working very good. Thanks a lot.

The phone is great! I just wish that the battery that came with it was not swollen. Luckily, I had another battery already.

This was my second purchase online for a cell phone.This works incredibly well compared to another one I bought on eBay and no problems so far works like a dream. I recommend this site for their purchases of electronics.

i am wording why this package didn't go with a headphone.need any extra charge to get it ? others are find  =)

I bought this reconditioned phone as a gift for my wife and received it in very good condition. Absolutely no sign of it being used, however the camera did not work. I was really disappointed about this because the information on the phone never said the camera was defective. I contacted the seller who informed me that I could return it and get a full refund but my wife had already got attached to it and the phone was a great deal. The seller graciously sent me a $25 gift certificate which i can use to offset the cost of repairing the defect. Apart from all that the phone works well and looks good too.

I'm very please with this phone thus far.  The WiFi feature works nice even if you don't have a data plan.  Recently added a data plan and that seems to work nicely too.  Streaming video from ESPN, CNN, and others seems to work nice although the picture quality is about a 7 out of 10.  Really a non issue for me because I primarily want the phone to make calls, text, music, back up GPS, then streaming videos.  Word to the wise is that you'll have a hard time getting the GPS to work on the phone without a data plan.  I found one app (Mobile GMaps) that works with WiFi and gives the option to store maps on your phone but i never tried the saving maps to the phone feature out.  So, if you want a phone primarily for business use (phone calls, texting, emails) as well as good / decent entertainment than I highly recommend this phone.

Really good phone. I would recommend it if your looking for a blackberry phone !!! It's camera and its really cheap.

piece of expensive junk , fron the package problems with the keyboard and the controls on the top for my these phone is not brand new (refurbished)

The Blackberry Torch is the best all-around business smartphone.  It emails better than the iPhone 4 because of the traditional Blackberry qwerty keyboard and it files and sorts emails like Outlook.  I can see all my email accounts on one screen and I can see my sent emails in the same screen.  This was something the iPhone 4 required going to two separate screens to see.  The HTC ARIA was even worse, had to go to each account and then switch from the inbox to sent folder.  This was a pain since I have 4 email accounts.Battery life on the Torch should get you through a full day, unless you are watching movies.  For an average day, I talk for an hour or two, email 20 - 30 times, listen to an hour of music and search the web for about 30 mins.  The HTC ARIA only lasted until 6pm.Screen resolution is good but not as nice as the iPhone 4.  The camera is pretty good and has custom settings.One major flaw is the oversensitive screen lock button - can be a pain when using the phone horizontally - inadvertent screen lock sucks.All in all, the Torch is a great phone.

This phone rocks!  I was having issues with my BB Pearl so I decided to purchase a new BB and decided on the Torch instead.  I ordered it and arrived on time and has worked perfectly since then.  Highly recommended.

The touch screen and keypad mix makes this phone the best of both worlds. I can use it in and out of work. Can't wait for the next upgrade to come through, won't be swapping out of blackberry!

I am so happy with my order even though it came a day after the expected delivery date, it was exactly what I ordered, I love this blackberry torch 9800 so much. Thank u Amazon.

buen dia, Realice la compra de Excelente equipo, ya poseo un a&ntilde;o de uso y se encuentra en perfecto funcionamiento. buen dia, saludos

Hi people i've had this phone for a week and all can I say that's awsome, i'm loving it, it's by first BB and now i can see why this kind of devices are one step ahead over the others phones. It's sleek and well constructed. Other phones seems a toy if you compare software. OS 6 is very easy and intuitive to navigate.I strongly recommend it !

Do not buy this phone if you need to use it with AT&T conference services.  It will not work because the conference and/or host codes will not be transmitted.  And trying to get a response from RIM on the issue is well, impossible.

This phone is not for everyone!!! Besides having a fabulous camera, it is annoying! Oh and mine is currently not working!!! I brought this phone in MARCH 2011 and we are in July and I cannot get the phone to come on. This was after two weeks of the screen going blank ever so often and shutting down on it own! I am not sure if the phone is faulty from the Seller or factory. But I highly regret this purchase.
