
Heres the thing. In terms of technology and user interface, nothing beats this phone as of now. I was simply blown away.The screen is massive and so beautiful to look at. Very speedy and no lag whatsoever. Camera can take very good pictures in fact the best Ive seen. Same cannot be said of video though.Yes the battery is stupidly small, an unbelievable cockup by htc(wtf were they thinking 1200mh battery?)and the speaker sound isnt the best. But these are very small set backs which can be overlooked by the sheer coolness and sexiness of the phone, just feels like something james bond would have, especially with the gps which is very accurate offline.But the thing is, I had to return it... Why you ask?It started gathering dust under the screen!!!! WTH! I pay this much for a phone and dust accumulates by the day under the screen. This is sign of the poor build quality of htc.Furthermore, the sim card cover never fit flush with the rest of the case, always leaving a 1mm gap which I suspect was the cause for the dust. I knew that if I kept the phone longer the dust would be too much to handle. I cannot live with that. I wanted to love this phone so much but it didnt work out between us unfortunately sob.So beware. If you are considering buying this phone, there might be a chance where your phone will have dust and will drive you crazy.

I spent 460$ and got one about 40 days later, it was excellent for 1 month till I forgot it in my car for about 3 hours ,it was under direct sun rays when I got it ,it was very hot but no matter I left many phones (different brands for similar or even longer time before and nothing happened !!?? ).After that it started some strange errors like loosing signals in a well covered areas ,sudden switching off during calls and loosing some previously saved data,I sent it to htc agency in my country (Egypt) and I received the severe shock[IT NEEDS A MOTHER BOARD FOR ABOUT 350$]I said no thanks and decided never to use this brand any more,In my opinion also Amazon.com is also responsible for what happened they should not deal with those dealers in order to let us respecting their nameHtc A9191 DESIRE HD (ACE) Unlocked PhoneAbdelazizelsherif@yahoo.com

I bought this phone because in your publication it was indicated that it would connect to the 3G network in the HSDPA 900/2100/850/1900 bands and the one I received only works with HSDPA 850/1900 (this can be seen in the box, in the pictures I already sent), you're talking about the exterior appearance of the phone, however I cannot use it as I was expected to, therefore I come to the conclusion that this publication was a fraud, since the product I received was not what I was supposed to.Considering that I bought the european version of this device, (Desire A9191EUK HD) of the Desire HD, and the one I received the american version, this is not right, and it was like I said before a deceiving publication.

I like everything about that phone excluding the battery. The battery lasts 90-240 minutes only. So I have to have a car charger with me always...

The item is good, but the price is uuuuh really bad. They should sell it for an affordable price, otherwise no one buys it.No one gonna buy.$ 899.99 oh mu God u r insane.

the product not shipped only USB and charger and headset no phone ???!!! i need my money back plz ...what can i do now i paid customs and every thing on it ??!!

Great phone, original packaging, original accessories. I have it now for 3 years (little late with the review) and it still works like a charm. Very fast even 3 years old now.Seller was ok, fast delivery, shipped everything as stated.

I am tired of sending this phone to repair. Each time I should wait for about 10 days. The quality of the phone is very bad.Each time you drop it on the ground Wifi, Bluetooth and volume key will die and you should send them to repair >:(

Well it is my opinion.  I just switched from a Nokia N97 and believe the switch is awesome! I love this phone! It never crashes (n97 crashes at least onece a week) I love the web browser, you can browse any page you want! the flash capabilities are awesome! it is like surfing in a computer.The 8 mp camera really outstands.  My old n97 waws a 5 mp but it looked like a 3.2 mp.  The flash is really strong as well so I recommend not to take picts of yourself very close it blinds you a bit.  The night pictures are just wonderful!  Love the camera recorder as well, it records at HD 720p if im not wrong.If you are not an android user dont worry it has a very freindly startup setup and it will guide you through the configuration.The only con is the manuals of the internatiional phone, it comes in german so i didnt know how long the phone has to be charged the first time, and it turns to be just until the light turns green.Othe con is the battery, it wont last as you expected but in my case i have it always on 3g because of the internet connection and im always online.GREAT phone the money is worth it.

thanks, i liked the mobile , it is in perfect condition ,but, the batterry  isnot working ,the charge ends in 3 hours without talking...

Great phone, with a too small battery. Will keep it anyways until any smartphones charge lasts for weeks, not hours.

I bough this phone to replace my old nokia 1202 in my business task. Since use it in the early of this month, I really love this phone so much. It has a lot of feature that speed up my business task. The phone is used in order to keep in touch with a customer via phone call, sms and e-mail. The key feature that I love in this phone are:* Full querty keyboard for typing with a prediction.* Access to internet and e-mail (Gmail).* Stopwatch, timer, alarm, calendar plus a downloadable free application from android market.* Bluetooth and wifi connection for internet and file sharing* Camera shot in HD, which is easy for me to take a shot of picture of document that customer require me to design for them.* Wide and beautiful screen.* Quiet on pickup.* Phone finder service.* Map* And the other useful thing that I can't mention enough in here.Even this phone has many advantages for me, but it missed some simple thing that I really did not expect that. The wifi connection do not have a proxy support feature that require to download a third party software.  I have download proxydroid to fulfill this need but until now I still can't use it because it require to root device first and I do not know how to do that.The battery life also short, I could use it around 2 days. It should be a week of a single charge is better. Hope this would be the next improvement.Thank,

Phone is fast, and easy to flash to add the new android versions available, it works fine out of US and product provided has a exceptional quality

Hellow! i just got the Desire HD. but its asking for a network unlock pin. when i googled it i figured out it was something to buy. But here it says this is an unlocked Sim. what to do now?

its okay battery life too short....... features are kool.. I am still getting use to it.......and no front camera... that would be a plus

I had this HTC that has more problems that solutions. The battery is a real mess. Even with a 1600 battery it does not last more than 8 hours. I used to re-charged it between 1 or 3 pm in order to last at least until 8 PM. But also the most disappointing issue is the language. This A9191 comes with Enghis off course BUT FROM INDIA??? how in the HELL can anyone think that a device to be sold in AMAZON US has to come in a foreign language that couldn't use some US applications from Android market for example AMAZON MP3. It is incredible that even Amazon does not know that. It has english from INDIA as a only language. Even HTC does not know how to handle this problem. Therefore if you don`t care to pay 500$ for a device that has a battery problems but also some limited applications from android US market well let me tell you that you should try IPHONE 4. More than 20 languages and you are able to buy it unlock it right now.

This is the BEST PHONE I ever had BY FAR!I have had Nokias (I was a nokia number 1 fan, but symbian, and slow entering the capacitive screen, plus slow CPU, forced me try new phones.Changed to HTC HD2, loved the phone, but Windows is CRAP!Loved the HTC sense. Best GPS experience I have had over anything with garmin software!, INCREDIBLE fast, accurate. BEST thing I will miss from HD2.Then I installed Android on SD card to give it a try, and WALA! a new wolrd open b4 my eyes....ANDROID!So I move on to HTC Desire HD, and so far I have had the best experience with a phone I could ever have.The only thing I will sure miss is the GPS experience...if Garmin would launch an application, same one on windows XT mobile to Android, that would be SUPREME, though I know it wont happen.Fast, great perfromance, and if you know how to set it, you can have GREAT battery life. First time I got it I was really dissapointed by battery life, then I started reading, made some changes, and now I am getting over 24hs with no problem. Still testing.Over all, GREAT PHONE!

I have had my Desire HD for a week now - bought from TKS in Germany (and paid more than it would have been on Amazon).  Overall I am very happy with it:PROS:- Solid build quality and, unlike most other phones, its not a glossy fingerprint magnet!- Large and beautiful screen with great color saturation- Runs fast and is very responsive - I have not encountered any lag- Wi-Fi Hotspot is easily set up so I can pull e-mail into my iP*d Touch- Replaceable battery in the event that the battery fails- Image quality of camera runs circles around *Phone 3GS and is better than IP4- Sound quality is fabulous for music and great for calls- USB internet pass-through functionality to save 3G data charges- Its a small thing but the live wallpapers are beautiful- Setting up IMAP to pull in Exchange e-mail is easy- Otterbox makes a very nice case for itCONS:- Battery life is only so-so - a day and a half at best- Poor design for SIM card slot - the SIM causes a (slight) unsightly gap on the bottom cover- Removing and replacing the battery cover is tricky - mine has a tiny gap after it was replaced- Limited storage (8-Gb micro-SD) for the price - should have been 16-Gb- Android market is a mess to say it nicely - limited number of good gamesComplaints about the box and size are silly.  Why would you buy a large phone then complain about the size?  I have a 3GS and iP4 for games - but this phone has completely won me over for daily use.  The screen is large enough to comfortably surf the web and handle routine e-mail. It's so good that I can hardly put it down and I can easily overlook the cons!!

The phone worked fine for a few months after I bought it. I started to have problems after 4-5 months of use; it first started with the phone's speakers which was fixed buy an authorized party fairly cheaply. Then came the more recent problem (12 months of use, phone was never dropped or sustained any physical damage) where the phone no matter what I do constantly vibrates. I bought this from FGS TRADING, INC through Amazon and it was clearly marked to have no warranty but I am beginning to think that the phone wasn't new and possibly refurbished. Very Unhappy with my purchase of this HTC.

Awesome quality, speed, great apps at Android market. Just wish it had AMOLED screen and better resolution. Other than that, perfect and i'm in love with this phone. For the Brazilians wishing to buy it, yes it works here (using TIM).

The HTC Desire HDS A9191 is wonderful, except, there is no button on the front as in other models, such as on the iPhone, so it is easily turned on.  This makes it quite difficult since my wife is disabled.  There was no indication in advertising that the button was not on the front.

HiI got the phone lastweek and its my first smart phone...its really a amazing smart phone..expecially the HD is very good...i like the phone very much..its 4.3 inch screen is good to view all....the android 2.3 is nice and one drawback is, it is not having front camera....overall its a nice smart phone...better than any smartphone in market.....

Product arrived in great condition. This phone has surpassed my expectation. Full of features and lots of free downloads. Great buy

I buy most of my electronics at Amazon, I like it's reliability and secure payments method.I'm interested in this phone and I would buy it from them without hesitation if the price was more realistic. It is sold in many stores in the net for $ 600, which is $300 less than what it sells for here.

My smartphone has just died.  It&#8217;s an HTC desire. Its not even 20 moths old.  Garbage obviously.Google confirms lots of complaints on this phone . Mother board issues. Check for yourself.DONT EVER BUY HTC PRODUCTS.They want $120 for repair. Like I said ........Its not even 20 moths old

i bought it for $560, and the other day it become $549, that's so bad news for me!!!!But the product is quite good, though there's no front camera, but the 8MP is quite impressive.

The charger that came with the phone was not from HTC but some cheap looking random replacement. So I ended up returning it as I did not want to risk the phone because of the bad charger.

First of all, this is my 3rd android phone, and my 2nd HTC android phone.What i like:==========-the screen is really crisp-the touch feel is more responsive than my HTC desire-screen size is just awesome if you do a lot of reading with your phone "emails, news"-the phone is surprisingly lighter than it seems, one may think "this must be heavy", well it is not-the phone is very slim, which gives it with the huge screen size some CLASSY effect-nice htc widgets available, specially email and news widgets, can't live without these two-htc new sence feature like locating your phone, locking it .. etc, really nice, but i disabled them thinking this might affect battery life- rom space is just awesome, no need for app-to-sd to keep all ur market installed appz available.- better multitouch experience than the former htc desirewhat i hate:==========- the battery life .. are you kidding me?! 1230mah on such a screen is just too funny for anyone who is heavily using his phone, switching to 2G only network is a must if your daily talk time exceeds 20 minutes to be able to pass the day with one charge.- mobility, can't fit it into my pocket, used to fit its elder, tinier brother the HTC desire with ease, even with the extended battery- htc must do something about their package ease of opening- htc must change the phone access ways, never been so afraid opening a phone before, feels like it is gonna break a plastic pin all way through.- no space for respectable extended batteries, which is what this phone REALLY needs.- the LOUD speaker experience in all HTC phones is not the greatest, my wife's XT701 the 1 year old phone is WAY better than this 1 month old telephone- upto 320 hours standby time on WCDMA and 480 on GSM >> that's just a big fat lie.- the price kept me from buying it for at least 45 days till it dropped a bit, initial prices here for high end new electronics are crazyWhat i wanted:============- better resolution, one of the biggest screens in the market and still using the same resolution as 3.5 and 3.7 inches phones?! i want something to compete with the iphone4 screen creating a new standard of its own.

I am three time HTC buyer so when it come to HTC I can safely say been there done that . For this phone all I can say is" got it and fell in love right away" .

Phone came with a non-HTC US-type AC adapter, and i don't think it could be called "International".Phone itself was untouched (only unlocked), with the stock firmware.It came with non-stock 8GH SD-card, which was incompatible with the phone (phone was unable to even format it), though contained all of the standard data and worked well on PC and two other phones. I simply replaced it with another SD which worked well, but still it disappointed me a little bit.As well as i was disappointed not to see any kind of screen cleaning cloth or screen protector -- these muse come by default with all of the phones for free, imo.

I have the nexus one.I bought this for the bigger screen,the 8 mp camera and Gps map availability without internet.What a difference to the nexus.Its just not only the screen size, but the response to touch is much better as well.The HTC sense makes a big difference over the stock android that nexus has to offer.Small things like news app,facebook app,email app also make life easier.Over time I have used the Sony X 10, HTC desire ,iphone. This wins by a big margin.Definitely a buy if you are looking for an unlocked Android smartphone.

My mom fell in love at first sight phone. It worked fine with the phone service and had no problems getting the contacts.

I waited more than a year until I got back to the US, from Italy, to be able to buy this much dreamed of mobile phone. When I bought it, I specically chose the International version, thinking, logically, that I would be able to get international adapters and connectors for it.  Well, to my great dismay and disappointement, it arrived with NO international attachments (see photo of sent adapters)at all, other than the USB to phone connection, which is universal. In order for me to charge the phone, other than the PC connection, even in the US, it was NOT possible.  I was forced to spend money and buy one from Radio Shack, so as to use the much dreamed of, and very expensive, cell phone.  I was contacted by the seller, they apologized and sent me yet another wrong (a US plug, useless for overseas....see picture). Now the seller tells me that they sent me everything that came with the phone, so, as always, its the little guy who gets screwed.  I have NO idea who to contact for, either a refund of what I had to spend or another USB to AC connector for overseas.  As teacher, I'm making sure that my students get to see the frustrations of trying to purchase online.Another serious problem with the phone itself is that the battery, with everything switched off (so sad!!)goes dead only after a few hours, not even lasting a day at work. If you get this phone, you'd better consider charging it every four hours, even when not in use.

Worth every penny and a great step up from the Blackberry and the iPhone. Very versatile and definitely not restrictive like the i Phone. Works seamlessly with Macintosh computers.Straight out of the box it uses any sim card world wide.

For sure the best phone I owned so far. At first battery life worried me, but then I just set the data off and I turn it on whenever I need it, and that way I get 2 or 3 days battery depending on usage.

The phone speakers do not work and never did from the beginning. If one uses headphones it works...so is of no use. They sold it without warranty and there was no way for us to exchange it. It was the most expensive mistake yet.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004A1TYAM/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

First off, I love my new HTC Desire HD.  It is by far my favorite phone and, man, what a huge upgrade it is from Nokia C6!I'm not going to comment on all the tech specs as this phone is already half-outdated (released at the end of 2010 I believe) in today's tech standards.  The touch screen is extremely responsive yet not overly sensitive.  User interphase takes a moment to adjust to for a Nokia user, but it's fairly easy & friendly once you lay your hands on it.  Picture quality is superb, though I am yet to try out how it works with the flash light (many phone cameras are doomed with taking poor quality pictures when using flash light).  Processor speed is very good - most apps can be downloaded & fully installed within 30 secs (of course, also depends on your connection speed).With all my praises for this phone, I do find a few things that bug me:- battery life: so short.  This is my first HTC but I heard it's a common HTC problem.  But, 75% left after 3 hours of AIRPLANE mode w/ hardly any usage or 85% left after two hour with 3G on but no activities?  This phone would never last an 8-hour day with moderate usage.- sloppy design of the battery lid: feels cheap and very hard to take off & put back.  Every time I do so I feel like I am going to break that little poor piece of plastic.  This bugs me a lot.- poorly designed lid for the SIM card & micro SD card slot: the phone looks perfectly smooth out of the box.  BUT, once you insert a SIM card and put the lid/cover back, the SIM card creates a "bump", and the phone is no longer perfectly flat.  Doesn't bother me that much, but HTC should be ashamed of this silly design.  Are they expecting people to use this phone solely as a portable wifi device without a SIM card???- Position & design of the camera: without a phone cover, the way the camera sticks out is doomed for scratches.- Doesn't come with a factory screen protector sheet: ALL cellphones I've purchased brand new, whether the traditional ones (i.e. non-smart) or smart ones, even flip phones, came with a screen protector sheet that can be easily peeled off.  I tend to keep those on for as long as I possibly can as I find them effective enough for protecting my screen.  This phone is the first that came w/o one.  I'm quite disappointed because they fail to provide such little things that cost them literally NOTHING all for the greed of making extras (or in favor of merchants lower in the food chain) from the side products.Overall, pleasant to use but falls short on many little things.  For all its pluses, I still gave it a four star, but it really is closer to a 3.5.

it does everything any other phone can do with little to no difference in response time and screen resolution. pretty decent camera and solid built.I have dropped this phone on every surface i can think of including ceramic, hard word, tree roots, pavement, gravel and including ice. never cracked or disfunctioned once, my volume switch isnt working so well but after 2 long years of heavy use I could still fix this thing up in a jiffy and sell back on the market, or keep it, like what im doing.

I bought this phone, and it came before the specified delivery date, I give the seller props for that.When I was shopping for a phone, I bought this one because it was unlocked..., well it was not, I had to get that done.This phone is surprisingly heavy... but when in your pocket, it just disappears and the weight no longer becomes an issue, it doesn't even show like there's something in your pocket, but the only concern I have is the camera, it pushes out a bit... and the only thing you will feel.Now, the camera... wow, It rivals a professional D SLR cam... the quality is superb.the touch is wicked... you don't have to put your finger on the screen, just hover real close.Overall this is a great phone.

It is a super phone, the trouble is that HTC never upgraded  to the Android Ice Cream Sandwich and consumed batteries very fast, umm and the evolution of the apps, makes the ram too short

This mobile has been great so far and did meet my expectations. Only had for a few weeks, so hard to say long term.

It's a very good phone, despite not supporting Arabic either in the menu or over the applications like Internet browsers or social apps but you still can root it and add the Arabic language to the phone, thanks to the Android system.

I've had this phone for 6 months and here are my comments about it:Like:+ Cheap+ It came unlocked as advertised, so I can use it with any carrier+ It has an aluminium unibody, yet you can change the battery, which has a decent life for light usage+ microSD slot, I use a 32GB card with no issues+ Performance increased a lot after changing the ancient stock Android to a newer versionDislike:- It gets hot when using the GPS- Had a lot of HTC Crapware(tm) which degraded performanceAlso the camera is just ok, but could take quicker, better photos, but that is the OS's fault.

The shopping,experience was great. Ordered more than,I wanted so had to cancel one but they were so nice about it. No headache and no long process....

Si est&aacute;s buscando un tel&eacute;fono pensando en una buena c&aacute;mara de fotos y video.....esta no es una buena opci&oacute;n.Si bien, el equipo tiene en su nombre HD, la calidad de los videos es regular y la de las fotos es muy mala.De partida, cuesta hacer fotos con nitidez, en segundo lugar, cuesta encontrar la distancia adecuada para tomar una buena foto con flash, o saldr&aacute; sobre expuesta o saldr&aacute; oscura.finalmente, fotos sacadas al aire libre, no reflejan los 8 mp que ofrece la camara y al intentar ampliarlas a un tama&ntilde;o superior al de la pantalla del tel&eacute;fono, se terminan pixelando.Otro aspecto a criticar es la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a, si eres de los que usan mucho el tel&eacute;fono, deber&aacute;s contar con un cargador extra para el auto o la oficina, en caso contratio, llegar&aacute;s a penas al final del d&iacute;as...El resto del equipo.....bastante digno.Conclusi&oacute;n, si la c&aacute;mara es lo importante, esta no es una buena opci&oacute;n.Como comparaci&oacute;n con el iphone (vengo del iphone 4 que extravi&eacute; en NYC...) la c&aacute;mara de este &uacute;ltimo es mucho mejor pese a ser de menor resoluci&oacute;n.Con relaci&oacute;n a Android el sense de HTC termina haciendo m&aacute;s compleja la operatoria de un sistema que yo entend&iacute;a como sencillo.Hasta el momento, Android no le gana por goleada a Iphone..

I've been an iPhone user since the day it was released. However, it's fairly hard to get hold of in many parts of the world, including where I am stationed at the moment. So I took the fairly drastic step and switched to this phone. I don't want this to be an Apple-versus-HTC review but it's hard not to compare them. As the title says, I can sum this phone up pretty easily: it's the little things that disappoint.It all starts with the box. The thing is ridiculously difficult to open. I am a bit of a fanatic about keeping original packaging, and it was quite difficult to open the box without tearing the one vertical wall to get it to slide out. Once you have it out though, the first two impressions are (almost simultaneously) "Wow, it's big" and "Wow, it's heavy". You're in no danger of building Mr. Universe muscles hefting it around but it is pretty heavy. Must be that amazing screen.On first holding it, the first "little thing" got me. The camera. Its lens housing sticks out a fair bit. I am not an electronics expert and perhaps there is a good reason it does protrude as much as it does but it "feels" wrong. It makes me nervous to put the camera down on a flat surface. Most likely I am just being over-cautious but it's an expensive device. The second "little thing" was opening the thing to get rid of the protective plastic sleeve around the battery, and insert the SIM card. The battery clips felt very flimsy and you have to exert a fair amount of force to get it out. I see more than one purchase of battery covers in HTC's future. Opening the SIM and SD card slot is also a bit odd. You have to hold the phone upside down and press backwards with both thumbs. Lots of fingerprints on the screen after that (but its a touch-screen phone so fingerprints are inevitable). If you do get one, make sure when you close the SIM slot that you line it up perfectly before pushing it back into the phone. It also feels flimsy but less so than the battery compartment.Once the battery and SIM card are installed and you power it up, things really start looking up. The screen is extremely clear and crisp. The initial phone setup is very intuitive, and, if Bluetooth was working on my iPhone, I would have been able to transfer all of my contacts and messages right then and there. The phone comes with a very decent set of applications. I am sure Android is fairly well reviewed elsewhere so I won't go into any of that (although some of the things that bothered me may be Android-isms and nothing HTC specific).I really like this phone overall. It's web browser is exceptionally responsive and having Flash is very welcome. The camera is amazing. Rather than list all of the things I like about it, I'll discuss the little things that bothered me. Aside from these little things I don't really have any complaints. So if these are the type of things that will bother you, I suggest you play with one for a while before dropping half a month's rent on one.First, when you press the Phone button from the Home screen, it would be very nice if you could set an option not to have the keypad come up. Hunting for the little icon that makes it disappear while driving is a bit of a pain. Also, when you have a headset with mic attached, the lack of voice dialing (when the phone has very good voice recognition in other parts) was very frustrating. Perhaps it's a regional thing.Second, the button at the top of the phone that activates it from idle. It is really, really difficult to press, especially with one hand. If it wasn't so flush with the case and protruded just a millimeter like the one on the iPhone, it would be fine. But turning the phone on while driving can be a bit of a challenge.Third, the placement of the 3.5mm headphone jack. If you have a wired headset plugged in and want to type in landscape mode, its a pain, and gets in the way. If the jack was at the top or bottom edge it would be fine. But its current placement is just annoying.Fourth, the screen is somewhat less responsive than the iPhone's, which is what I was used to. A fair number of times I've had to press a button several times before it "takes".Fifth, the ear speaker. You have to hold the phone in a pretty precise spot on your ear to hear well. When its in the right spot it sounds just fine but if you bring the phone up to your ear and you are off by 2 or 3 millimeters, you can hear almost nothing. Once your muscle memory is used to it I'm sure it will be fine, but as I have stated all along, its just these little things that bother me.Last, the interface for the music player is very odd when using the "remote" on my headset. I am using Bose on-the-ear headphones with the little one-button control thingy. I can accept a call and end a call, and turn music on or off, but there is no way to skip a track or back a track. Doing a double-click (what I was used to using to skip to the next track on the iPhone) instead calls the previously dialed number. There is no way to go back at all. I wish there was a setting for that.All in all I am extremely happy with the phone. There are endless ways you can customize it and the camera and web browser alone make it worth it for me personally, but it does have some rough edges. I don't think you'd be sorry if you bought one but it will take you a little while to get used to, especially if, like me, you are moving from an iPhone which is just that little bit more intuitive and "slick".

Good strong phone with a nice camera, but it can't access to AT&T 3G Internet, they told me it because this one is not an ATT brand phone. But other functions are great.

I have had this phone since February now, so it's been in constant use for more than 9 months now.It's a great phone and most praise was right on spot. Battery life was never great, being the major problem.OTOH, after upgrading to 2.3 I have a had two major problems which make the phone almost unusable:- it often turns off unexpectedly (serveral times a day). this is a serious problem, because it happens in the middle of a conversation or when I take a pic with flash.- battery life has worsened considerably (not a physical problem). before upgrading battery life was almost enough for a full work-day, but now I can only use it for half a day without background syncing and charging it while driving.I've already done a hard reset (which I normally avoid like hell), but it didn't solve the problem.I'm losing patience with this phone and will probably give up and just buy a Samsung Note, but I got to admit that my faith in HTC has been dealt a deadly blow. This was/is an expensive phone and shouldn't have any of these issues. Where's an update in order to solve this?ATM I don't recommend it at all, though I enjoyed it for quite a while before upgrading.Hope this helps someoneUpdate 13/12Yesterday we got the OTA 2.3.5 update with HTC Sense 3.0. Hope this solves the issues mentioned above. Will update after a week or so.Update 15/12won't bother waiting a week. update didn't change anything. Sense 3.0 is nice. Phone still has a HUGE battery drain (and I've tried everything to solve that) and crashes a few times a day. Used to love HTC, now I'll probably be changing to the Samsung Note or 7.7.

The screen is amazing, the processor is the fastest, android 2.2 is the coolest, the photos quality are unbelievable... The only thing that i didn't like is the batery duration. You gonna probably need a charger near you all the time. I have one at home, one in the car and another one in the office.

it would be the best androidphone for these days but battery is awfull,device can keep alive just for a day
