
It's true that the standard battery drains relatively fast, but this is nevertheless a very capable smartphone.  Motoblur is an awful proprietary function, which is why Motorola/Google finally abandoned it, thank goodness.  You're not required to use Motoblur to have the phone function properly.  All the other features work well, including email.  I don't use the phone for photo, and rarely use the internet because the screen is just too small to be comfortable for internet use.  The GPS can be persnickety too, but it's usually fine.I have owned the MB502 for exactly three years with no major problems.  The phone came new and unlocked from a Canadian carrier. I popped-in a SIM from Simple Mobile, followed the setup instructions...and viola...began calling and texting.  Simple Mobile is a re-seller of T-Mobile network service, but the MB502 should work with other GSM carriers without any problems, including overseas GSM carriers.  It's been three years and the battery is starting to fade (won't hold a charge) just now.

I ordered this phone over a month ago and it has done nothing but cause problems. The touchscreen doesnt work half of the time and when you need to answer a call, you might as well give up. Lol. No chance in hell you can answer it. It takes up to 10 mins to load a page on the internet browser only to see either a "connection lost" message or a "cannot load page" message. Waste of money. Do NOT get this phone.Horrible graphics on videos and it doesnt sort out pics in the photo gallery.  (If you can find them)  battery drains very quick (max. Life 3 hrs)  horrible terrible. Epic FAIL

Design is a bit strange, keyboard is awesome as well as interface.The screen is too small to be effective using it for much of anything beyond normal phone operations.Battery life is horrible. Had to recharge several times in a single day. According to review this phone was supposed to come with a memory card and an extra extended battery and cover. Mine came with neither.Returned the phone due to it locking up when entering standby. It would not wake back up and would require the removal of the battery. If you have a case on the phone then this is not an easy task to do.I would pass on this phone..

i love the phone...........everything about it is good,sometimes the back track gets annoying just turn it off if it does.it has an OK camera a good phone for someone who texts a lot and for someone who likes to browse the internet and someone who has had the newest touchscreen blackberry bold

I am very disappointed. First of all this phone is blocked. It works with At&t only and on top of that it is from Canada. IT WILL NOT WORK WITH T-MOBIL OR ANY PROVIDERS! I bought a bronze color Motorola charm that is unblocked and I RECEIVE BLUE BLOCKED MOTOROLA CHARM!

I finally convinced myself to buy a smartphone and thought this was a nice one and well worth the money.  What a waste.  I may change this later if I can figure it out (which would be greatly appreciatedAll I've been able to do is charge it.  I cannot set up a MotoBlur account that it wants me to.  I set up a wifi connection and it tries to connect, then disables the wifi itself.  So I am stuck with nothing right now; it's useless and I can't do anything with it.EDIT:  Ok, I guess you just have to set up an account online.  How dumb.  So up a star.  Only 2 stars because, after all this, I can't even downloads apps onto it.  I go  to the appstore and sign in with my google account, just like it tells me to, but when I go to download Kindle app, it says I don't have an Android device connected to my google account.  What else would I be downloading this app onto?  Really?  If this isn't solved, it's going back in the box and I'm returning it.Certainly not a user friendly phone.

Great phone and really easy to use. No problems at all using it in Costa Rica with ICE provider (I live in Costa Rica). It is my first smartphone and I will use it for a long time.As nothing is perfect I missed a flash for the camera but for this price it is a great option.

This phone is great, once you root it, deblur it, overclock it and install link2SD. If you are someone who is comfortable with rooting I would recommend this phone, if you are just a average user i think you will become irritated with some of its issues.

This phone is simply great! Love the android system; the phone is fast, no lag. The only negative aspect would be the battery life but that can be easily fixed by turning off a few features such as wifi. Overall its a great phone and especially for the price!! 100% recommend it

This is apparent a cheap version. But I think it is really worth the price. It will be great product if the phone has a better screen

Liar, Liar pants on fire - every time I look over at my burnt out MB502 (CHARM) which is anything but charming ....... and then they don't even tell you how you can spend your own money to fix it and no listings of who you can contract to fix it.  It's now a piece of BS junk sitting at the foot of my bed as a reminder that I just flushed $117USD this is multiplied by three and factor in postage and custom charges and you know i pissed off. My hard earned money for this unlocked harassment to parade as a international phone.  Worked 2 months and then it was bye-bye. And then you all giving me the shaft. PEOPLE NO BUY UM, ALL YOU TOO D** THIEF, BAD AND LIE. Whenever you see Cell Phone King sell anything,  RUN!!!!!!  DHughes SKB.RATED Negative 0

I ordered the Motorola Charm Bronze, but instead got the blue one. I was nervous from the previous reviews that the blue phone wasnt going to work or that it was going to be locked, but the blue phone was actually unlocked and worked perfectly with my T-Mobile carrier. I did have to create a motorblur account,I guess that is a feature for the phone. I found that feature pointless but other than that the phone works great! I love the touch screen and the keyboard. And the social networks work perfectly with wifi (I dont have a data plan). Oh and delivery was quick! I went out on luck with ordering this phone because i needed a phone before I went off to college, so do read the other reviews. But i guess i have good luck because i received a good phone!

How much do I enjoy this phone? I lost one the other night while drunk.I ordered this exact same one. Why? Cause it's easy-to-use.I'm not a huge fan of phones getting bigger and bigger, with screens the size of a wallet.I loved this phone because of its texting capabilities. The phone sucks when it comes to memory. The camera sucks. It freezes here and there, but I like it since it's functional and the phone has personality.

A nice phone, until you turn it on. Software was slow, touch inputs had significant lag. Sometimes lock screen would not identify swipe of finger, which made logging into the phone a chore. Kept the phone for about a week to see if it got better but it didn't. Returned it and bought an HTC Status, which is doing much better so far.

Disappointed in this phone, not what I order and I can't use it. Phone came lock instead of unlock and it is not identifying with my network in Barbados.

We bought this for my husband and he's incredible happy with it. It was delivered very fast and all works as described. It is so nice and easy to handle! Great option, great price!

i just recieved my phone and i love it i could not ask for a better phone sometimes where you are you loose your signal but that is with every phone but other than that it is a great phone and i love it and this is my first android phone

I just ordered this phone. I useto have it execept that i had origanally bought it from t-mobile store but then lost it so i now bought it from here. I do not have a data plan, no internet. I was wondering do i need internet in order for me to access the main paige? i only want to use it to call and text bot for apps. i know it requires a g-mail account to acess the mail paige, can i just use my old gmail and it will go to the main screen?

Okay I just had to write a review because I was going to replace this 7 year old phone when I got a free insurance replacement, only to find out this phone is better than most new phones! Yeah it's only 3G but the kicker is the wifi is 150mbs! yeah 150, not 15, that means you don't need 3G or 4G for internet use. If you don't have access then this phone may not be for you, but I have access on the train, at the coffee shop, restaurants and if I'm at someone's house with no reception I can just turn on the wifi calling. An impressive way to test the ability of this phone is go into the youtube app and turn on the camcorder, then take a video and upload it, it will upload as fast as a laptop. If you don't go into the youtube app and record a video too long it wont upload though, the app stops it, but then you can just make clips. The camera takes high resolution pics that you can use as a desktop background on a 27" LCD monitor, the only catch is they have to be in day light or a room lit like daylight, because there is no flash and low light pics suffer, same with the camcorder. This phone has a dual microphone which means you hear everything and they hear you, especially on speaker phone. I could put this phone on speaker while I was cooking and they didn't even know they were on speaker. The android 2.0 is also the least glitchy they say and with a 32GB SD card you're right up there with the top new phones for storage. I could load albums of music and with some good tube headphones the frequency response is phenomenal, never needed an ipod at the gym with this phone in an armband. I have to admit I'm in the habit of using this size keyboard which only a few other phones have, but it's efficient because you can text from the palm of your hand and a thumb which is good for inopportune times. I also love the size which fits in a shirt pocket or even the front pocket of pants. Some reviews say the battery life is terrible, but what they don't tell you is all phones come with an extended battery which only adds about 2mm of thickness to the bottom half of the phone and keeps the phone charged all day. The extra battery is also convenient if your battery ever does die without a charger around because it holds a charge. Another great thing about this phone is it has a track pad on the back if your fingers are ever too dirty to use the screen. I never had a problem with the touch screen in 7 years and the only reason insurance replaced it was the keyboard light went out so I couldn't see the keys in the dark, but could still use the touch keyboard. The phone is solidly built and I like the rubberized plastic that seems to bounce and I have dropped it countless times and it was never damaged or flew apart like my Blackberrys did. If Motorola came out with this phone just the way it looks with all the new features of their best phones I think Blackberry would go out of business and I would have one perfect phone.

Its a little slow and you frequently hit the wrong app by accident when sliding between screens. The most important: you cannot update the Android, so its a bad choice if you like to download apps. e.g.: not compatible with plants vs zombies.

Since i bought the phone, it's restart every 5 minute by itself, i sent it to motorola services to check failure but they said, the logic card is severe damage,so i would appreciate any answer of you people, cause i have not been able to use my phone even a single day.Sincerely yours

Do not Purchase this phone this Phone is Very Cheap The Picture thats you have Sawis not exactly How the phone Looks The graphics are Horrible and Cheap . . The Model and The phoneis Nice If you Like candy bar phones the Keybord is Okay everythinf is fine Till the Phone is onTHIS PHONE IS NOT WORTH A HUNDRED DOLLARS !!!!!!!!!!!! , . . I PROMISE

I bought the Motorola charm MB502 and activated in AT&T.; An account for Motorola Motoblur has to be created in order to use it. Also it creates automatically an account for a T-mobile application. Once it was activated  with the A&TT; sim card, it started to work and generate a text message error saying that a 10 digit phone number should be used instead of a 11 digit one. This message was generated frequently and for a prepaid plan that you pay per text message it drains your balance in moment(20 cent per messagge). I thought thath this was an error from  A&TT; but after several discussions with the A&TT; technical support people they told me that the messages were generated by my phone. I googled this issue later and found out that the A&TT; people was right.Bottom line: I will not reccommend to buy this phone is intended to use it in a network different to the T-mobile one. For this reason I consider it a not true unlocked phone.

I am working on a project and I needed an Android phone that I could take apart in pieces.I bought this phone because it was cheap, and lets be honest, it looks like is worth less than the price.Anyways, I got a prepaid plan with T-mobile just to get it going and in my way home I started playing with it and I was kind of impressed with its functionality. It was fast (no lag) and it had all the functionality of any android phone. By the time I got home, I had already played with the GPS, the back flick pad, online downloading (3G speed max) and the FM radio (YES, it has an FM radio with great quality [you need earphones, thou]). I was like holly poop, this phone is awesome! Not only that, I went to a friend house across the border in Mexico where there is no T-mobile signal. I connected my phone to his Wi-fi and there is an app in (already installed in the phone) that lets me use my T-mobile phone through the internet (I think this is a T-mobile exclusive app, but not sure)... I was like "DAMN! I can call and receive calls even with no signal." Another thing that I thought was going to be a problem is the screen size. It looks like the keyboard overwhelms the screen, but it actually helps a lot because it does not take screen size when you need to type. It is BIG plus right there.So now I feel like I'm going to cry a little when I break this phone apart... but I think I will get another one of these :)Highly recommended phone, it looks better in person than in the picture and is very functional and "CHEAP"Notes: Although I buy most of my online merchandise from Amazon, I did not purchase this phone here.My actual carrier is T-mobile, there are other reviews complaining that this phone has bugs when using with other carriers. If your carrier is not T-mobile, read the other reviews first.

This could be unlocked I did not get the chance to test it for I returned this phone when I saw the t mobile logo. It was not advertised as unlocked t-mobile phone. If it is only advertised as such I will not order it.

Not bad for a basic andriod phone. Works ok but don't expect to be playing games on it. and the camera picture quality is a 4 out 10 wat can i say it a 3 mega pixel. using it to surf internet and text listen to music is ok that is about it. also the keys are too close together even for people with thin fingers.if u text alot dont get case u willl suffer joint pains.

the phone is not motorola unlocked, is unlocked by imei, that's ilegal... don't buy people.Also coming with T-Mobile ROM and is a piece of junk, doesn't work with Movistar (my service company) because the phone always look for services in US... I am in VenezuelaAgain, Do Not Buy this Junk Phone, is a mob

I paid for an unlocked phone only to discover by my carrier that the phone is locked after attempts to receive incoming service as well as outgoing phone calls. Emergency only really.... I went to another distributor who also confirmed that the phone is locked and would cost me between $ 25 to $ 50. Weighing out should I send it back or just lick my wounds and pay the costs. What a prebirthday gift. SmhMotorola Charm MB502 Unlocked Android Quad Band GSM Phone with 3 MP Camera--No Warranty (Bronze)

Great looking actually phone and everything messed up with silly motoblur.Who needs all that social integration anyway except school kids?Straight out of the box when restarting phone I got this error:Bootloader90.78Err:19,23,F0,58,00Battery OKOK to ProgramConnect USBData cableAnd phone had to be restarted again, sometimes it went through welcome pageand motoblur account setup sometimes it didn't. Without it you cannot use it,how stupid is that?  It's secret option to bypass this registration but you'llget all bunch of other problems so it's not worthy. This phone went back to amazon.One more thing I have to add amazon services worsen recently, this item was an open box,packed badly with missing regular battery. Just extended one was included.I'm not sure anymore if it's even possible to buy brand new unlocked phone online....Quality of some Chinese companies - e.g. HTC is these days way better then well known brandslike motorola or nokia.

This is a great phone! I like that it has wifi and that its compact and cute. The only downside is that my batter doesnt really last and I am constantly charging it or worried that it might die on me while im out. Im looking into getting the extended battery because of that alone but other than that this phone works really well!

Returned it after a week. Phone kept restarting on its own and I kept receiving an error message every 5 minutes (I have AT&T;).I did like the size, the keyboard, and the screen wasn't too bad... But since the phone kept shutting down on its own and receiving constant error text messages it was a loser... Luckily the vendor gave me a full refund and was very helpful with the return.Would not recommend this phone to anybody looking for a good, reliable, qwerty android phone.

this is a very good device, for my was very easy to start using it. It has a lot of aplications and is very compact and easy to handle. I recommend it to all the costumers interested in it.

Nice Side, Price, and style but the O.S its not full unlocked have serious apps from t-mobile you cant use the 3g and congifure the other  features of the phone with a different provider.

I received my new phone today and was very disappointed to see there was no wall plug to charge the phone. it also looked like the package had been open. It was suppose to be a brand new phone.

well where do i start?? i am almost certain this phone is a good phone and others would love it. sat to say though i wont be able to know if i love it or if its a good phone because i ordered a Motorola Charm MB502T unlocked GSM inertnational and was promised just that. after waitig so long for it , it got here and its locked.. i am unable to use it and it will cost too much to return it.. sooo!!!! am stuck with a phone i cannot use ..well it seems am the joke oof this seller.. nice lphone yea but 3 months after purchasing it it stop working so here i am thinking its the batery , so i sent and order new batterries and p;ut it to charge , hmm nothing hapen , the phone is no good and my money is down the drain..warning anyone who wishes to ;purchase phones from this seller be careful , got a hard case that never fits and a phone that was no good...

This has been a great phone and with the Android OS free applications for it are numerous. This is the second one I purchased as a back up. Like it so well I do not want to have to do with out if I happen to drop one in a toilet.

en la caja de ambos telefonos indica que viene con la tarjeta de memoria y manos libres sin embargo me llegaron sin dichos articulos , recibi el paquete el dia de ayer y necesito poner la queja para que me ayuden con los articulos que me faltaronin the box indicates that both phones come with memory card and headset yet I arrived without these items, I received the package yesterday and the day of filing the complaint need to help me with the items that I missed

an amazing phone.the phone is the right size for me. roofing also combines rigid touch the keyboard. I like to use more rigid constumbre.I love your version of android. which is the android 2.1. I've been putting on more than 100 applications.highly reccomend this phone.

I was completely annoyed to learn that the phone I received was locked and consequently couldn't be used with Simple Mobile.  Went to 2 different dealers (1 Simple Mobile and 1 T-Mobile) to confirm that this was what the problem was, and they both confirmed it was locked.  Grrr!  What a waste of time.  When the word "Unlocked" appears twice in the item description you kind of expect it to be unlocked, no?!  Returned phone and ordered the same model from BestBuy unfortunately at a higher cost, and that phone worked like a charm.  I will NEVER go through AMAZON again to purchase anything electronic.

Highly aggrevating to do the proper research, know what I want and need, but to be lied to through blatant error or technical disinformation and market fluff from Amazon and/or vendor about the phone I would order and receive. I don't buy at eBay, and now I can proudly add Amazon to the list of places I won't buy from. at least BestBuy tries to get the technical descriptions of electronics correct for the consumer. I will drive to a store for electronics next time.UnlockedCellPhoneKings promised an Unlocked Motorola MB502 Charm, Bronze color, compatible with TMobile 3G data.  What I received was a LOCKED MB502, in a deep sapphire blue color, which would not work on TMobile 3G databand.  The phone would not work with an ATT nor a TMobile simcard, because it was still LOCKED to AmericaMovil cell carrier from somewhere in LatinAmerica. The blue color was fine, but the phone was un-useable.Particularly aggrevating was the fact that the cache had a previous user's personal data in the memory. Odd, this phone is being sold as new in box, UNLOCKED, and stated to work on TMobile.  Why would it have a MotoBlur account already set up?  I did a complete wipe of the cache and still no go. I have received an RMA to return this totally wrong phone.It is ironic that the reviews here show a lot of disappointment for a large portion of the people buying this phone. For different reasons. Some folk want to use this on ATT 3G. Some do not like the TMobile ROM it should have. Funny, but I had checked the descriptions, and looked forward to a stated TMobile compatibility.  If this phone had actually been UNLOCKED, I could have overlooked everything else.  But the personal data in the phone cache of this "NEW" phone was a real pisser. There is quite a bit of documented, fraudalent advertised claims here, using re-imported and grey market phones, foisted on buyers via the US mail.  Hmmm.I credit AMAZON primarily, for getting this wrong technically, and for allowing UNLOCKEDCELLPHONEKINGS to list it wrong, technically. I am out my time, cost of return insured shipping, and until I get my money back, I am out the cost of this dud phone purchase from Amazon / UnlockedCellPhoneKings.

If you don't live in USA, don't worry, it's very easy to activate this phone anywhere in the world. You can activate it by two ways:1) Using Wi-Fi. You must create motoblur account (by Wi-Fi or by online) and than sign in using Wi-Fi. Also you will need google account.2) After turning on the phone you must enter this code: [ALT], E, [ALT], E, B, L, U, R, O, F, F and the phone will start working without motoblur account.

Not heavy at all, wifi included and a very nice qwerty keyboard besides its touchscreen. In addition to that it was very cheap compared to similar cell phones

It will never break. It can be dropped, rained on, etc, but it never breaks or even gets scratched, the build quality is amazing and the keyboard is wonderful, but requires an Android google account to do EVERYTHING. also terrible for viewing the web or using internet services in general. Terrible camera. It's really only good for sending text messages.

perfect, battery last the needed, runs fast, the most amazing phone ever and the price is awesome! i little dissapointed about the resolution but if you could read something in a b/w pixelated phone you can totally read here :)

I bougth this phone for my boyriend. He just love it, it works perfectely, has everything you need and it's not a girly phone. So don't hesitate, the phone is awesome.

Well, this phone is very cool, i purchased the phone to have it for an emergency if my fist phone gets stolen or lost. Good size but the motorblur is very bad sometimes, no sync, battery drain, etc. That will be fixed with a custmon rom but this phone has locked tmobile boot loader and is very hard to install a bootstrap o recovery. My fix: get root and delete manualy all motoblur related.

I bought this unlocked original cellphone from the UnlockedCellPhoneKings vendor for my daughter who mostly texts with her friends. For her needs, the T-Mobile no-contract plan for $15 per month with unlimited text is the perfect match for her. She set up the wifi functionality and can surf internet and connect her Facebook etc. without paying any extra data plan cost. She also deactivated the automatic internet connection per Android settings where wifi is not available. This important thing can prevent charging of unnecessary cost. The plus point of this Motorola cellphone is that it has a big touch screen and keyboard. You can install the newest Android version and use the phone with many useful applications for free. The cellphone is made with a nice design and solid material. My daughter and I are very happy with it. I can highly recommend it.

I received the phone just they way it was advertised &#34;new&#34; and it meets my expectations so far. The battery life is looking suspect but hey, I am keeping it!

I love this phone i ot it for my brithday last year and its the best thing i got. thanks moma:] the only down side to this phone is that if your a facebook junky like i am the phones battery only last a few hours. but the sound and picuters trun out great. my 2 year old son all ready knows how to unlock it and call people so its not hard to work and good price tmoblie charges 300.00 for one.

I recieved my charm after my sony x10 broke only to be used as a backup until i could get the new Iphone but after getting the charm im in love with it and could not part with it works perfect with AT&T only i would have to say that bothers me as the poor camara quality but i guess this is why you have digital camaras I would suggest this phone to anyone that wants a high quality phone but doesnt want to break the bank to buy it :)

Bought this few months ago. Phone comes supposedly unlocked, but for the life of me, can't get the internet off the air to work. Wi-fi works, but on T-Mobile data plan, settings seem to be wrong as suggested by the carrier. No one knows though where the settings are, pretty much out of luck. Screen is rather smallish, as half the real-estate is taken by the keyboard. Overall, OK...not the greatest Android by any stretch.

I havent been able to send ONE text message the signel is TERRIBLE i can call anyone or anything! I love the keybored and the spekers when i lisen to music. I dont know  how the call quality is. and the screen is terrible! it is hard to read and a little to small. I think i am going to return this phone and try to find a blackberry or somthing.

I bought it like new (September 6, 2013) fulfilled by amazon. It was fine with me even though it is secondhand item no manual, earphone, and SD Micro. I have no problem at the moment, however I just looked at the contact list suddenly the battery life bar becomes halfway to discharges. I said, "what I just fully charge this phone yesterday" No way! This is going to be hassle keep charging to charging everyday. Is pointless having a smartphone that I cannot enjoy it, doesn't last a day. I dislike it so much  "which is today" (September 8, 2013) I return it right away got the print and label send it back to amazon. Next time I should buy a smartphone that battery would last on me. So upsetting! They better be return my money back with this pointless phone.

I have had this phone for almost two years now (which is longer than I have stayed with any one phone ever). I purchased it from T-mobile directly, not from Amazon so I can't say anything about this seller.I have had a love/hate relationship with this phone. Thought it was a lemon when I first purchased it. I actually had it replaced twice within the first three months. The third phone has been a keeper, don't know if the first two were just defective or if I was expecting the phone to do more than it could handle. T-mobile had told me they would give me a different phone if the third has issues and I was actually pretty happy that didn't happen because there is a lot about this phone I really like.It is durable. I one time flung it over the railing of a stair case from two stories up. It hit the ground, came apart (the case, battery cover and battery were all in seperate places.) I put it back together and it was fine. No scratches or anyhing. I have dropped it/bounced it several time and have not had any problems. I take it to the beach with me, brought it home covered in sand and even dropped it into a sink full of dishes and completly submerged it. I dried it off quickly, put it on the window sill to dry and the next day...worked perfectly.I like the design of the phone, I am a heavy texter so I love the keyboard. I have heard others say it takes up too much room and/or takes away from screen space but don't agree with that personally. I love the thingy (I don't know the technical term) on the back that can be used for scrolling. It is a good thing that is there because I have found scrolling directly on the screen doesn't work well as the screen is too jumpy. The camera is descent but lacking a flash. If you want to take self portraits, it is a little tricky on this phone. The phone comes w/ wi-fi calling already installed and works really well when needed.I currently really only use the phone for making phone calls, texting, emailing, social networking and some light internet surfing. Anything more than that would not be good for the phone. When I first got the phone I was excited to have my first Android phone and downloaded all kinds of apps and games. I realized on Charm #3 that the phone is just not meant to have a lot of apps on it and was causing major issues in the phone: freezing to where the battery had to be removed, not being able to answer incoming phone calls, shutting off, battery dying after about 2 hours. I found the extended battery which the phone came with was worse than the regular one. Finally when I sent back my second phone I was told by the tech the phone is just not meant for many apps even thought it is has an Android OS. Now I do have some apps, just not many and no games. I had to add them slowly a day at a time to see how the phone was affected. The internet can be at times sluggish, but I don't use it often enough for it to be a big deal to me. I also found the battery is nothing to brag about, but there are a few things that can be done to help that. An App Killer is definitley needed. I also set my wi-fi calling to only search for a network when the screen is lit up and I have a charger in my car, at my work and extra one in my purse...pretty much just am prepared to charge it in the middle of the day and then again at night.All in all the phone does have some quirks, but those aside I have loved this phone...tried a different one somebody gave me for about an hour and went right back to my Charm, it is very easy to use, the set up and functions are great, there aren't too many buttons, home screen is customizable...I do have to say that when I am eligible for another upgrade (T-mobile let you do that every two years) I will look for a similar design but with more capabilities.

Received the phone within 2 days of ordering it.Quick delivery .i appreciate Amazon for this.The phone is running smoothly .i rooted the phone using superclick.Itz an unlocked phone.All the necessary applications are running smoothly.The only concern is the low internal memory,u cannot download more applications but if u create partitions on ur sd card then it will be much better.overall battery life is gud ,applications are gud,sound clarity is gud,Keyboard is gud for heavy text msgsing guys.The android version running on this is 2.1 update 1. i have created 5 mail accounts using maildroid app and is running smoothly.I would recommend this to all.

We love the phone but it does not match the image. Because I bought a similar phone in August and it came with a memory card and earphones. I was expecting a similar deal.  I also did not know it would come with an extended battery and so the case I ordered along with the phone cannot fit. I don't want to return the product but its hard to report my dissatisfaction.  I have corresponded with a representative via chat and was informed that I need to contact Motorola.  I bought the product from Amazon and I though they should be able to address my concerns.T

When I bought this product I wasn't sure how it will go, but it is perfect, I love my phone

PRO- small compact size /CON- small compact size, touch screen.  Overall - worst Motorola phone I've ever had.  Touch screen is the disappointment.  DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.
