
I have never written a review of an electronic device on Amazon before, but I felt impelled to do so for this product as a Public Service Announcement.  I've been a BlackBerry user for years, as I'm partial to opposable thumb typing on an actual keyboard.  Sadly, I stopped using this phone after 2 days and reverted back to my tried and true BlackBerry Bold.  The Curve 3G 9300 is noticeably lighter and smaller than the Bold and the battery life is a bit better, but the advantages stop there. The device looks and feels cheaply made.  The screen cracked the first day I got the phone-- I have no idea how.  I didn't drop it or bash it into a brick wall, although I was tempted.  Half the screen turned purple after whatever nanoscopic impact caused the crack.  But the Achilles Heel of this phone is the optical trackpad.  It's either completely non-responsive or spastic, which makes scrolling through e-mail, what should be an idle, painless activity, a major hassle.  I tried adjusting the vertical and horizontal trackpad sensitivities to no avail.  The other frustrating "feature" worth mentioning is that the screen is smaller than the Bold, so that when the phone is locked, the lock message obscures the little orange icon displaying the number of new e-mails in the top center of the screen.

Got this phone as a gift for my nephew in India. This product said International version, unlocked. Absolute rubbish. After waiting for this phone to be shipped and opened it only to see it is bricked, and can never be used as a phone. What a cheat. Please avoid, especially if you are shipping it international and that too as a gift. I will stay away from this seller. Buy at your own risk

Well these two phones were great, are new and of good quality, buy they likedsorry my English is very basic

the phone is great except that i did not get a headset. will i be able to get 1 on my next purchase of another phone?

Battery lasted 3 months and started swelling and warping. They are not original Blackberry OEM batteries although the label states they are...., so you will need to buy a proper one. Remember that when pricing this phone.

Good afternoon my name is Flor Sanchez and I have purchased several products through its prestigious company, all of excellent quality. I strongly motivated to write to a friend who also purchases made through you, the matter is next in date frebrero 03, 2012 ahquir&iacute; a cell phone blackberry released, annex the guide, "03/02/12, 002 - 9542781-9174616, "9300EUBK BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 2 MP Camera, GPS, and Bluetooth - No Warranty (Graphite Grey)", Wireless Phone Accessory, B003TZGYKI, new, Zena Mobile LLC, $ 196.00,1,9724 ,, lilyco28@gmail.com, 03/06/12, LORENA PRIETO, 5367 W 23RD CT, HIALEAH, Florida,33016-7021, Shipped, LaserShip (LS12566869), $ 196.00, "which got my sister in miami, but I sent him to Venezuela with my mother when she went on vacation in September of the same year, since I got piude not make it connect to the blackberry platform, so I resigned and I had only to receive calls and send sMS Messages, and when in wifi could surf the internet, my friend insisted me to learn from my situation in which contact them and request them guidance on what to do, it is hypothesized that perhaps the PhoneSet is blocked from the united states at the level of sfotwear platform or, if so as I can do to desbloqueralo and use it as it should be in my country?.........because it works in terms PhoneSet calls, coverage and other excellent properties in language telephone companies of Venezuela they say no blackberry up the company with which I have connected my service is Movistar. I appreciate your attention and prompt response and probable solution, ohn little something more could acquire a copy of the purchase invoice not get my original, thank you, my email lilyco28@gmail.com. Thanks Flor Sanchez

I bought this phone with international warranty and in arrived on time and working perfectly, but 3 days later the keyboard letters a,q,e,r,u and o, wont work, im not living in america so i found tedious to ship back the product and waiting about 3 weeks to get a replacement using my warranty, so i went to a technician, the problem was a keyboard controller chip, so he had to changed it, i barely used it and it got damaged. it cost me 60 bucks to fixed it, but i would pay that than to wait about 3 weeks for something should be working perfectly at least 1 year.

I didn't like this product because the battery wasn't keeping charge. But it was sent back in St. Lucia so i couldn't really shipped it back.

Excelente producto, recomendado 100%, buena atencion por parte del vendedor, sin incovenientes, ni contratiempos, funcional al 100%, el equipo no ha tenido ningun probelma...

the phone was in very good condition as was told to me when i read the term and conditions just little minnor stuff to fix but it works well.

The phone was exactly what the listing said . . . an unlocked GSM phone! It works well too .

The best phone i bought i dont care what other people say but i am very happy with what got. Read the specs and did the resurch and it was even better than i expected.

I used this mobile for almost a year and unfortunately I happen not to like this product at all. It did not suit my needs. As a matter of fact, I've just changed my mobile! It would get stuck several times while surfing the web and running several programs. It might have just happened to me, but I felt disappointed indeed, since it has been promoted as perfectly able to run lots of apps at the same time, and that did not happen to me.I would not recommend it.

Excellent product, recommended, high quality, brand new equipment, work perfectly, bring all accessories, shame that two of the three teams will continue buying buy case brought soon, thanks

good product, its becomes in time. work with all operators in venezuela, but in 3g:I bought 2 phones, first work with Movistar venezuela, second with DIGITEL. I recomend the seller.Very good packed. fast shipping.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . ..  . . . . .Buen producto, llego a tiempo. funciona con todas las operadoras en venezuela, pero en 3g:Yo compr&eacute; 2 tel&eacute;fonos, el primero funcion&oacute; bien con MOVSTAR venezuela, y el segundo con DIGITEL.Muy bien empacado, env&iacute;o Rapido.

Buy two phones and only received one three months ago and never sent the other, did not fulfill the agreement

I received the cell phone but it is not working fine ... the track pad is damage.  Unfortunately the phone is out of US and is not cheap and easy to return it.

No problems of any kind. Good product, good price. Delivery time was estimated and in good condition. Sometimes it's hard to write a review when all goes well. :)

The camera came damaged, after a few days the phone did nit want to open the camera application because the camera is damaged

The phone is good, but somehow it was not what I wanted. Cosmos Wireless worked with me without getting angry, obnoxious or demanding. I did end up buying another phone from them. It's not the product, it's me. I guess I am so much into my old phone, no other one can compare!

I paid for a Grey phone and got a black.  What the hell is wrong with you people.  I paid for a brand new phone and got a phone in a plastic bag with no headset and no manual.  You just lost one customer with your lies and deception.

q w e er t y u i po pp a as d f g h j k kl ll;

the phone will not work 3g in venezuela, the software has glitches, no flash, OS 6 and basically like the 8520 but more expensive. however I got mine from cell lounge inc and they are great, excellent customer service.

The phone is refurbished is not new, it only works for a month and do not turn on again. I will not buy technology in Amazon. Also the phone came locked, I had to pay to unlock it.

Excelente vendedor, el producto lo conozco y es muy bueno, pero el vendedor es muy atento y lamentablemente, tuve que cancelar el tramite, pero sin dudas que es recomendable por la forma honesta de comportarse.Great Seller, I knew the product and it's great, but the seller was very kind, Paifully, I had to cancell the shipping, anyways the seller is highly recommended because of the honest way of managing the sell.

Rodgers?.. it only came with two lenguages english us and english gb, the track pad its faulty, i guess its ok..

It has been my experience that when I see things on amazon with sub-par reviews, but the product still looks really cool, that when I purchase it, it ends up being a great product. Well, that certainly wasn't the case with this phone. It is light as air and hardly has any mass to it at all- making it feel like a toy- not to mention there are serious issues with the track pad. It constantly wants to scroll down, and it does that even when I'm scrolling manually. It jumps all over the place. It didn't even come with a proper user manual. It's clearly a Blackberry CURVE, yet they sent me an opened box with a BB Torch user manual in it- which isn't very helpful, and I was really really perplexed by this. I've never had such a bad experience with a seller on amazon in my life. I understand it's an unlocked phone, however, for the price that I paid I certainly expected something better than this toy I've got now. Not to mention all of the software needed to be updated. I guess this is an old model because the software that was loaded on the phone when I got it was from 2006. I wouldn't personally recommend buying this phone simply because of the issues with the trackpad and the general sketchiness of the whole situation what with the BB Torch user manual being enclosed and everything.

I purchase this for a friend who end up thinking I ripped them off because of this phone only working for 2 months before it started sticking and falling apart...

the phone came damaged always turn off .. i need to change it ..  can i do it something ? the problem was since first week of us

i was worried that it would breakdown and i was not going to be able to get it fixed since i live in turkey but no i used it and i used it hard but it still works perfeclty.

worked for 4 months,then the sim reader went bad,was told i can not get it replace by a phone tech,money down the drain

Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite GreyHi everyone, the phone arrived in its original box with all the original accesories as well (Headphones, AC cable/Adapter/CD) and it is working perfectly. I bought it to Worldwide Distributors, 5 starts for them too as sellers. My only disappointment was that the one I received came with Wind (Canadian cell carrier) logo... but I can live with that.Regarding the 3G, if it does not work in Venezuela (I am venezuelan-living in Caracas) or any other country will be because your local carrier's platform not because the phone is a fraud or so, far from that.In Venezuela for you to have full 3G you should sign contract with Movistar which nowadays is the most advanced platform with 3.5, then Digitel with 3.2 and at the bottom Movilnet which is 2.5... so, if your local carrier is Movilnet you WILL NOT have 3G but 2G still..... so article advertising is correct, I did received what I bought!Bottom line, I am satisfied with the purchase I made and with the seller, again, it was Worldwide Distributors!Saludos y gracias!

My experience with the BB was excellent, very friendly and complete device, but I recommend that you include, before the purchase, lists of the phone accessories like the earphones or battery charger

I bought this phone for a friend of mine and she has had no complaints and the phone worked fine straight out of the box.

I have not received the product Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite Grey

I thought they will send me a GSM phone, but they sent a CDMA and could never use it or sell it...Total waste of money

Meets my expectations, I recommend it completely, it is very nice and good weight and size, plus is quite repido during use.

me llego en el momento esperado, tiene buena se&ntilde;al, caracteristicas, lo unico es que tengo problemas cuando se realizan llamadas se escucha cortado, sin embargo, es bueno y sirve en Venezuela para las lineas Movistar y Movilnet perfectamente con 3G para digitel solo funciona EDGE.

phone worked poorly and was over priced. DO NOT PURCHASE!! NOT WORTH THE MONEY!! VERY CHEAP!! Wal mart had the same phone for 40 dollars. rip off!

The curved screen  is certainly more than just a gimmick, As with all new technologies, but blackberry should be applauded for the engineering and design innovation at work here. It's the kind of phone makes us excited about phones again.

amigo me estafo yo compre un Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - y mando un 8520, no es lo mismo y de paso, repotenciado estafador, vamos a arreglar eso o si no lo denuncio en la pagina, estafador, como vamos a hacer?.........................friend swindled me I buy a Blackberry Curve 9300 Unlocked GSM Smartphone 3G with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - and command a 8520, is not the same and incidentally, repowering scammer, we will fix that or if I report on the page, swindler, as we do?

unfortunately the blackberry doesn't work, has a problem in reading the chip card. I will have to return the blackberry.

el producto es nuevo. lo malo es que no es el dice el vendedor. la mejor combinacion entre precio y calida. vendedor al no vender lo que ofrece no es muy serio ni responsable. el articulo llego a rapido y sin contratiempos, en buenas condiciones y totalmente nuevo. Telefono Celular muy bueno! lo unico malo fue que el vendedor oferta los que levantan 3g con movilnet y movistar y no es asi, en realidad cuando los recibes te das cuenta que solo levantan 3g con digitel para venezuela

excellent product arrived very fast, pretty good, is what appears in the description of the package, and is in perfect condition thanks for your attention.

I like the basic idea of the Blackberry Curve but the scrolling button works less and less. I would not purchase this phone. Go with a touch screen.

I arrived in phones due date, come with all accessories new in box, no scratches until now working all fine!

I really like this blackberry because the phone is simple and everything works smoothly....I recommend this phone to anyone who want simple phone.

Cellphone arrived with a line on the screen, the box was not the original, they should not be selling refurbished items as new ones. I did not return this item since I paid shipping and taxes to send it overseas.

I received the BB in the expected time and it has worked very well. I have not had any problem with it until now.

I got it September 29th, 2012 and its my very first smartphone. It came in really mint condition and it arrived 3days after i purchased it. it took me a while to figure out how to use it but i got assistance. Its still working nicely....only problem is my space for my 2gb which came with the phone which i was glad for is up mainly cuz i have nearly 400 songs on the phone but thats my problem..when im on the internet they keep saying "sorry page it is too large to open" and also "the memory on this device is full" and it keeps closing... but ill buy a new memory card...otherwise...great product...i would like a larger screen but i hear the curves and bolds are the best because the touchscreen ones are flimsy so...i recommend the product

The battery I received was dead it will not charge in the cell phone. I charged it for 24 hours and it didnot have any life.I had to buy a battery. I am not happy about this. Please check your batteries before selling your phones.

Ok, I want to start with a good review becauase the Cellphone works fine, but the cellphone looks like old, when I put in the battery the surface was like rusty and I have to press the keys with difficulty, I'm not happy with the buy but I can't do anything because I live in Colombia.

The phone arrived on time, it works well so far, it works with 3g perfectly in every company here in Venezuela (Digitel, Movistar $ Movilnet), software is updated, no scratches, no malfunctions it's ok, it's a brand new phone and its box came with a protection seal (those that every company put in their products to certify that it hasn't been used before) & I liked that. The only negative thing is that the earphones were not included in the box, they must! since they're part of the main accessories of every phone. But in general, I recomend this product & seller.

Perfect. Just what I was looking for.  My daughter is very attached to her blackberry and the 'ball'., was getting sticky, she has had this phone since it hit the market, so it has lasted her a long time.

I bought two blackberry Curve 3G 9300, spent almost $500 but in three months they were gradually been damaged. One of them, when first arrive, didn't charge, so I replace the battery for myself because amazon.com just didn't operate for any complain. Since then many damages had happen...the keyboard doesn't write many letters and signs, the go backkey either... It makes me mad...NOW one of them is literally dead, it doesn't work anymore, doesn't charge or anything. And the second one seems going to the same place, I didn't spent my money just for 3 or 4 months cellphones. Please contact me with the seller or make the necessary arrangements with him. Sorry I can't help you with your rate stars.

El tel&eacute;fono llego en perfectas condiciones mas los accesorios fueron sustituidos todos incluyendo la bateria por partes gen&eacute;ricas cuando en realidad yo ped&iacute; un art&iacute;culo nuevo y orignial de resto el celular funciona pero me parece de mal gusto que envien lo que no es incluso ni la memoria MicroSD la trajo pero esta gente se aprovecha de que uno esta comprando desde el extranjero y no tiene muchas posibilidades de reclamar!

bad phone

this blackberry cellphone is OK it works very good over 3G and the SO is even betterIn Venezuela you can use it with any operator(y)

this product is working prefectly fine. i purchase it a friday evening and it reached the following monday. good job guys keep it up.

3G does not work for all international locations. Be careful! It only supports 1,4,8 3G bands. This needs to be better specified on the product description. Also there are some missing items: no headsets, no sd memory and charger plugs broke in 1 day.Phone overall is ok, but I cannot use the 3G network and need to buy the missing/defectuous accessories.

The product arrived on time in good condition. I simply connected the chip and ran the wireless network in my country (Ecuador), copied the backup of my previous team and all my contacts were added, including the Blackberry Messenger. The only thing I like is the short time the battery lasts around 13 hours without saying much, but it'll fix this by acquiring an additional battery. I recommend buying this telephone.El producto lleg&oacute; en el tiempo previsto, en buenas condiciones. Simplemente conect&eacute; el chip y funcion&oacute; con la red celular de mi pa&iacute;s (Ecuador), copi&eacute; el respaldo de mi anterior equipo y todos mis contactos fueron agregados, inclusive los del Blackberry Messenger. Lo &uacute;nico que no me agrada es el poco tiempo que dura la bater&iacute;a, alrededor de 13 horas sin hablar mucho, pero esto lo solucionar&eacute; adquiriendo una bater&iacute;a adicional. Recomiendo comprar este telef&oacute;no.

I just inserted the Movilnet Sim card from my old BB 8320 Gsm and Ready for 3G!! It came in the box with everything brand new. AC converter, USB cable, Headphones. I would recomend this phone for the price. Works in 3g with bands 1, 2 (Which is for Movistar-Movilnet) 5 and 6. Does not work for band 8 which is for DigitelFunciona 3G bien en Movilnet Venezuela. Viene completo con sus accesorios en su caja original si usan una empresa seria para traerlo a Venezuela. Recomiendo actualizar el OS a la ultima version 2547 usando Desktop Manager. No funciona en la banda 8 de Digitel. El pedido lo hice por Amazon pero el producto lo suministr&oacute; ZENA Mobile

buy a new phone and received a used and damaged battery other than that when I bought took 20 days to reach the site that asked you to send me

yo les compre  un tel&eacute;fono nuevo y me enviaron un equipo usado por el precio del nuevo que ganas me queda de volverles a compra

The phone is not Unlocked, i have to pay to do that, and they try to unlock it and just  have 3 time less to try to unlocked it

the blackberry curve 9300 is awesome, came with OS 6.0 and all accesories and the 3G works perfect here in Guatemala, :D

Buenos d&iacute;asEl producto llego en excelentes condiciones y el proceso de compra fue rapido y muy efectivo. muy buena compra les recomiendo este proveedor para sus futuras compras

Geez, AT&T and other phone carriers really have the nerve to provide you their own phones that turn out to be garbage than some other phone you find like this one, that turns out to be even better. This phone works much better than the AT&T did out the box. I was able to boot it for just 3 seconds while the old one from AT&T booted up for 10-15 seconds. Now I know who to buy a new blackberry from when this one breaks because seriously, phone carriers NEVER give you excellent service that you should expect from a phone.

El producto de muy buena calidad, excelente servicio por parte del vendedor. El equipo llego con todos sus accesorios. lo recomiendo.

The condition is not bad at all for the price it works well all the features are functional so far, plays youtube videos bb messangers works fine, it was a good buy

This phone do not come with any type of waaranty. But before purchase, amazon confirmed that it has an international warranty. When enquired about this to amazon after the purchase, they replied that BB will give the warranty, but when contacted BB they told phones purchased from amazon do not have any warranty on it. i did not use the phone so far, but the device do not look brand new as they tell. had lot of dust and the packing box looks really old. Not satisfied with amazons service.

no es nuevo es reconstruido que malo decepcionado totalmente, llego con la pantalla rasgada y con progrmas instalados en la memoria del celular

This Blackberry curve 9300 was purchased from the seller OEM, it arrived on time and was new as stated in the purchase. upon insertion of the sim card it immediately searched for the network and connected. No problems, no hassle. I am quite pleased with the purchase thus far

contento por este producto si me levanta 3G EN MOVILNET  para venezuela. viene con tofod sus accesorios originales de blackberry y una sin card de 2 gigas.

I write from Venezuela the product arrived in perfect condition and in the day specified for delivery and I can sertificar that works with the telephone lines Movilnet and Movistar.Spanish: Espa&ntilde;olEscribo desde Venezuela el producto lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado y en el d&iacute;a estipulado para su entrega y yo puedo sertificar que el trabaja con las lineas telefonicas Movilnet y Movistar.

I I bought this cell on July 4, 2012 and in October 2012 he was already dead. I tried to fix it and they said it was a product reassembly, or reset, or if it seems best new product was not a factory. Finally I had to discard it and lost my money because it was too expensive to send it back and ask for refund or release of cell. Total disappointment with this cell. I live in Central America so imagine how hard it is for me to make a claim.

Hello Good Day,I am writing to see if the phone that you are selling is from AT&T; or T-Mobile,Thanks

We bought two phones to a company that at first seemed to be serious and had many sales. Phones when they arrived did not come in their original boxes .. the boots are not the originals and worse are not refurbished. The team is well, but the silver casing have broken several times in the two phones, mine and my sister. The original batteries are also not the first time they arrived, a battery not walk and had to send 2 of gift by express delivery. In my cell, he took off the plastic of the screen, revealing that he was badly stuck and very old glue. Now I have a problem with the speaker does not sound and I have to pull back and it rings.Council, be very careful when buying and find out well before!

I ordered this phone at $150.00 yesterday, and today I receive a message that my order was cancelled. Well, I checked the site and found the same phone listed, but for about $40.00 more. I have never had anything like this happen to me before, and I have been ordering from Amazon and it's affiliates for a long time. I can't believe this!!

this phone has been great to me, its ability to handle multiple task is amazing especially for the price! 2 thumbs up!

This product did not look new. The box had definitely been opened, and it did not come with a memory card like a new blackberry would! That cost me 50$ by itself!! Not really happy with the provider!

good morning, lit it and the phone does not work.Where sent it to warranty...fails, is damaged .... I want to change ........ first time buyer and I get damaged a cell

This cellphone is excellent it has everything that i want... is incredible, im really happy with this purchase. I dont regret about this.. i recommend this to all the people that want this product.

Good evening, I am very angry, dissatisfied and disappointed with the purchase I made from a cell phone (NEW) BLACKBERRY CURVE 9300, and sent me a USED in the box I came THE CELL wrapped in brown bag, battery and CHARGER nothing more, really do not know how to solve this problem, I appreciate your e-mail ANSWER davidskinner01@hotmail.com .. If I solve the problem, only qualify me to stay and Scammers of IRRESPONSIBLE by offering a product and send another

I have had 2 bb in the past, they worked very very well, untill the time every one ow and bb. Now, I use iPhone 4S and galaxy III, and I bought one curve of bb for the road and guess what? It works as never never did before. When some kind of smartphone comes popular, they go slower and slower to the must. Then: ow an old model like this.

I received an item that is not UNLOCKED as you sold  and it doesn't work with my card.It has a paper with a code that I tried to use to unlocked but it didn't work. it's an AT&T; phone and also it has a tag inside from ORACLE .... If this item is Oracle property you can not sell it ...

The seller seemed to be responsive and wrote to me letting me know that hes there to help if theres any problems. The works has worked great since we got it. It was a T-Mobile branded phone and worked fine on AT&T. BB as a phone is outdated but I got it for my mom. She loves it.

Lamentablemente el equipo vino bloqueado pero estoy probando si desbloqueandolo funciona.Este vendedror es falso y la verdad es que no me gusta que pase mas esto

Lo uso en argentina, en Movistar y funciona bien. No tuve problemas hasta ahora de ningun tipo. Recomendable para futuros compradores.

EL PRODUCTO FUNCIONA CORRECTAMENTE, VIENE CON LOS ACCESORIOS INDICADOS, ES LIVIANO Y DE FACIL MANEJO, LO RECOMIENDO TOTALMENTE, CUMPLE LAS ESPECTATIVAS DEL CLIENTE.

T only acquired this phone because I dropped my previous (a Motorola RAZR MAXX) in the pool and needed a quick backup. A friend sold me his old one for 25 bucks. Now I know why. The screen and buttons are too small and it drives me crazy. I miss the large intuitive touch screen and controls. However, the reception and sound quality aren't terrible, so I'll give it three stars instead of one.

EXCELLENT PRODUCTBECAUSE THE PHONE IS EXCELLENTMUCH LIKEI highly recommend this product to allHIGHLY RECOMMENDEDMUCHMUCH

It is a good phone, GPS, WiFi, and all the functions does the job pretty well.Battery doesn't last much time but that's not a problem at all for me.

very good product is fast, betifull, and utility is very fun and practic, i recomended this product, good product, exelent resulution

No viene en la caja original, tampoco trae el manos libres original,  es un celular ya usado.. Que mala suerte la mia!

fineBlackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite Grey

Hi there!  I'm from Venezuela! The phone is completly new and brought all his components Earphones, wall Charger and USB wire and arrived at time. Is not the best smartphone.. but is a very good phone! and work very well with the carriers Movistar and Movilnet.I recomend to worldwide Distributors... they are a responsible and good seller..I'm satisfied with this product!Soy de Venezuela! El tel&eacute;fono es completamente nuevo y trajo a todos sus componentes auriculares, cargador de pared y el cable USB y lleg&oacute; a tiempo. &iquest;No es el mejor smartphone .. pero es un tel&eacute;fono muy bueno! y funcionan muy bien con los operadores Movistar y Movilnet. Recomiendo a Worldwide Distributors ... Son vendedores responsables!Estoy satisfecho con este producto!

I have been using a blackberry curve 3G 9300, and liked its robust and professional look. I felt it would be a perfect gift for my father. I ordered it and was horrified with the quality of the cell when I received it. The front keypad looked cheap, and the back cover was of very bad quality... It felt like it will break if i pull it to hard. And I was right - when i tried to remove the battery to place a memory card - the batter just came apart. And it was not surprising as this piece was Made in Mexico - and i though only CHina made cheap stuff. Not worth the price - looks are of cheap quality plastic... and the back will break if you remove it more than 3 times. I felt like returning it - but with my father's birthday next day and having promised a cell... I just gave it to him and asked him never to open the back - as it would be the last time. Paid $180 and got a piece not worth more than 50.

The smartphone was new (I think) but the PIN and IMEI in the device was diferent that the one on the box...

i'm thinking of purchasing this phone for my little brother but we live in the Caribbean, would this blackberry work internationally? can anyone help me because i don't want to waste my money and by the time it reach its not working with our networks

Its OK. Its a phone. Cant believe it with all the bells and whistles it doesn't have an FM radio.

I am very disapointed with this product. I bought 2 of these phones they only came with a charger, no earpiece, no USB cable and no memory card. This definately does not meet my expectation, i am a long time customer of amazon and i expected better service from agencies doing business on amazon.

It came broken, damaged and worked for less than a week after that I tried to fix it but they told me that it was dead that it has a problemas that cant be solve. It was lost money...

arrive before estimated and look brand new. Great service as expected. Will use again if required and tell others what to expect.

Bought this for a friend in Colombia and it worked perfect. His mom ended taking the phone lol. He had buy another one.

I purchased this phone a few weeks before the Curve 9320.This phone has a ton of great features and upgrades from my Blackberry 8820.Small, great screen, Blackberry features and fast.A very good value from a vendor that shipped quickly.Unfortunately this phone was lost in transit to work and I was forced to buy a new one.  I just hope that whomever found it is able to enjoy it as much as I did for the few days that I had the unit.

This cellphone work in colombia with Comcel? I need this information please to know if I can buy this product! Thanks!

excelente 100% recomendadosel paquete llego en perfecto estado y en el tiempo establecido, el cell trabaja perfecta mente muy contento gracias.

I really feel cheated with this product! I supposed to buy a new phone but did not! is REFURBISHED! Phone out is very good! actually that looks back to 100%, display, keyboard and trackpad are new but inside is USED, please if you offer a new product, do it for real! the phone apparently was new but has more than 35 hours of use!

I recive the product before that they say in the beginning, is a good product. Works perfect for me. My sim card from Europa do not have any problem. The phone do not have flash in the camara, but if you take the pic in the day or with a external ligth is perfect. My bb comes black with a blue border if you want other color you should ask, i don't care about that.

Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi,... Thanks a lot for this Blackberry unlocked. I am glat because i  got it on time and it was very good cellphone.

I need to know where my order. Never came. Need Help. Should I DO?necesito saber donde esta mi pedido. nunca llego. necesito ayuda. que debo hacer?Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite Grey

the phone its good, really fast, came with a 2gb sd memory and only english, but the t-mobile doesnt work 3G movistar venezuela, should have known before the purchase.

el producto llena la espectativasme gusto la calidad del prodcuctoel telefono no es lo que esperaba no es de buena calidad

Got this for my nephew as a Christmas gift and he loved it.  It had all the features that were important to him.

La publicacion de la venta indicaba un telefono nuevo y llego en una caja llena de polvo, el telefono un poco sucio, sin cable USB y sin audifonos, lo cual me parece una falta de respecto ya que indica que viene con todos sus accesorios. Ni siquiera la caja indica que es BLACKBERRY y sin la etiqueta de verificacion de seriales...solo falta que no levante 3G y seria la peor compra realizada a este proveedor.Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Warranty - Graphite Grey

Everything arrived in perfect conditions and on time. The device is working well and connected to Vivo, that is my wireless provider in Brazil.

We buy this cell and it was supposed to be a new one.  But we receive it and it is re-manufactured / refurbished. We buy it for an executive of our company and it doesn't work well. We need urgently a solution. It is not possible to be cheated like this.  we are trying to contact the seller. PLEASE HELP US!!!

I have had this phone for about a month now. The product description says 850/900/1800/1900MHz frequencies and 3G HSDPA 850/900/1700/1900/2100 plus GPRS/EDGE, meaning, in venezuela, should support Movistar/Movilnet and even Digitel Bands. However, this is not true, this phone only supports 1,4,8 3G bands (2100,1700,900).This needs to be better specified on the product description.Also there are some missing items: No headsets, No SD memoryPhone overall is ok, but I had to change to DIGITEL to be able to use the 3G network, also had to buy to buy the missing accessories.

My son like it, he said it doesn't take much data and it good to  use it in another country.

this phone was a little bit detail that i don't like, but it works very good, this phone arrived at time

The phone is refurbished is not new,it only works for five months and do not turn on again.phone charger for the car arrived damaged

THE CELL THAT SOLD ME WAS USED OR REBUILT, AND ADVERTISING said it was BRAND NEW, WHAT HE HAD TO SEND TO REPAIR 2 TIMES, AND SELLER TOLD ME VIA E-MAIL TO THE SHIP TO THE UNITED STATES BUT COSTS ME It was for PAY MY THING THAT I DO NOT SEEM FAIR. VERY IRRESPONSIBLE

it sounds very low when ringing even if you are using the loud profile, it doesnt feels like a new item. so avoid it anyway is a waste of money

very good phone and nice price.. it's a new and improved verision of the blackberry curve 8520 with a new software, recommended

Buenisimooooo...... se los recomiendo a todos los compradores, super puntual y el producto es excelente, tal cual como se describe en la pagina es como te llegara a tu casa,!! FUNCIONA PERFECTAMENTE

Es muy buen telefono, me llego en excelente estado y con todos sus accesorios, si lo compras en Amazon no te decepcionaras...

This cell has worked for me perfectly. Fits any international operator. It is easy to handle and manipulate.Very responsible seller. the product was delivered on the agreed date. Very nice

Excellent team, very practical, functional and management facil&ntilde;. We appreciate me nevien deals for this phone especially the BBZ10.Thank you.

The phone works fine, although the back panel was dented and scratched.  It looked as if someone had returned it after a few days of use, and the phone was repackaged and sold.  We buy alot from Amazon and Zappos.  First time I have ever had that happened.

Good phone, i can use in Venezuea Whiout problem, all funtions work well and iit was in a good conditions

the phone came without its original USB cable, without headphones, the manual and it said apparently lost again as you may hurt I'm in Venezuela but not recommended at all.

LAST MONTH I BOUGHT:Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite GreySold by: Jiaming PanTHIS BLACKBERRY HAS A PROBLEM. WHEN YOU WRITE A MESSAGE, EVERY LETTER YOU PUSH, THE CELL PHONE WRITES 3 OR 4 TIMES THE LETTER.HOW CAN I DO TO FIX IT? I PUT THE KEYBOARD VERY SLOW, BUT THE BLACKBERRY DOESN'T IMPROVE THIS SITUATION.TOO BAD!

I purchased a blackberry curve 9300 on 24 April at 10:15am Eastern time and paid for expedited shipment which took 3 full days. love the new 3days expedited service.

Good for the price. Would recommend

So I bought this &#34;unlocked&#34; phone to give to my mom who speaks spanish. We have had multiple technitians look at the phone and we have been unable to set the phone's language to spanish. It ended up in a drawer... what phones don't have multiple languages these days???? really????

I think it's great, I'm from Venezuela unfortunately does not work with 3G network movistar, should include a list of operators with which it works properly.

First and foremost, people please be aware of what you are buying. I bought my first one and it was a counterfeit phone from China, so was the second. Both of them were described as brand new. This is how you recognize a fake phone. I hope it'll help in somehow.1. All of the labels out side of the box are miss-printed, words and numbers are not clear. The REAL ONE comes with a very clear and well-printed.2. For those of you that had used BB before, you can tell the fake phone fell very cheap and light. The REAL ONE will felt very solid in hand as well as it is pretty heavy.3. In side the fake phone, labels in side the back(behind the battery) are also miss-printed some words, and also not clear. In the REAL one, all of the words are well-printed and that the MUST.4. Turn on the phone and try move the little touch pad in the middle of the phone. If you have a fake phone, it is very hard to move the cursor up and down, (sometimes left and right but mostly up and down). In the REAL ONE, you can easily move it any where you want and it almost no delay at all.Lastly, sorry for my bad English if I make any mistake. I had seen so many people blamed BB for bad products but the real problem is we are not using the real BB, we are using some bull @#% from China.I rate this phone 4 stars because I had used it before and still using it. I want to buy an extra one for my mom but it seem we have too much problems of buying real products from Amazon nowadays.Feel free to ask me if you have any concern.

Damaging and useless. It was a disgrace for me Because I did not except to receive a product so dirty. I did return it the same day.

This cell phone has a faulty track pad. The problem is that the cursor keep moving to the right. It is not only me having this trouble, try to google it and you will see.I tried everything, reboot, change sensitivity... everything, im going to replace this cellphone with 9700.

Item ordered was well-packed and it arrived on time. I am very happy with my Blackberry Curve 9300.  I love it.  I did not encounter any problems whatsoever.  Contacting the site (Worldwide Distributors) was fairly easy. I did not have to talk to a machine. I just wish all sites are just like Worldwide Distributors.  I have started recommending it to my friends, especially those who are tied up with 2-year contracts with their service providers and find that those data plans are not exactly what they need.On a scale of 1-10, I will give Worldwide Distributors an easy 10!!!!

En la descripcion de este telefono dice trabajar con todas las bandas (Mhz) incluso a nivel internacional, lamentablemente en Venezuela no trabaja 3G con las principales operadoras de telefonia movil (Movistar y Movilnet). con las cuales tengo suscripcion. debeieran describir mejor las caracteristicas de este producto para no causar  molestias a los usuarios. Me gustaria porfavor me realizaran el cambio del telefono por otro que trabaje 3G con Movilnet y Movistar. banada 1900 Mhz (1,2,5 y 6.

I bought this phone as a replacement to my son's phone. He has a love for blackberry phone and all my attempts to switch him to androids or other phone os's have failed. He is now happy again and for me, that's enough.  The phone itself is a great tool as I use one for business. I have basically the same model.

I cant believe this is new item, the box was old, and phone had some scratches.Also, after using a week, mouse does not work well, so I returned it.Avoid this item!!! it was released long time ago, so the phone's condition is already too bad.

This  is not a 3G cellpnone, I received another cheaper model, this is a theft...

I bought this for a good friend of mine. She is totally happy with it, works well and does not have any problems with the phone.

I brought this as a gift for a friend,and she loves it,no complaints ,she customize ,will order again from this vender

A phone that has fallen behind the times in comparision to Android and Iphone.  A difficult to use, difficult to type phone that drops calls frequently.  The track ball works when it wants and with its small screen who would want to type on anyways.

there is no complain on my part, it even came with two chargers, one for the house and one for the car...totally recommend

People in the store are not serious people cellounge: Buy a BB 9300 and came to Venezuela with the old fixtures and damaged part that the phone did not come with the 148 band but I came up with 256 bands which I served to when using 3G, the phone finally had signs of being already used for the U key was damaged. Cellounge The truth is not recommended for anything, it is recommend but not 1000% because I did go through a bad deal and I cheated a damaged cell. So my friends online purchase will not fall into the trap of Cellounge store.

VENDE EL PRODUCTO COMO UN TELEFONO  3G Y EL MISMO NO LO ES ES UNA VENTA FALSA NO LEVANTA 3G

The phone is perfect, well packet and it arrived on time. The only unconformity, the phone works in 1,4,8 3G bands when supposed to work in 1,2,5,6 bands. The 3G band 1,4,8 doesn't work with Movistar Venezuela because 3G Movistar Venezuela works in 3G band Number 2. Apart from this, great phone, seller very kind.

I bought the product on July 2011. It looked great and worked OK for a couple of months. BUT it suddenly appeared a message that sais "Initialization failed". I sent it to 2 different BB repair stores, and said to me that the phone has no possibility of repair because the motherboard was previously fixed, and was too damaged. So the item sold was REFUBRISHED and not a new one!!! Very dissapoined. Now I am asking for a refund, because this is not what I bought!

si levanta 3g en venezuela os telefonos me llegaron en buen estado solo que el proveedor fue muy lentooooo mas de 1 mes tardo en llegar

the phone looks like a new phone but after giving it to the owner and for her to set it up the phone is not coming on.. it's not charging...what should i do?

I ordered 2 graphite grey and I received 1 silver and 1 graphite grey. One of them looked used with dust and when I placed my chip in it, the system was already started (not brand new).I am still trying it, but I wouldnt be surprised if anything doesnt work as they do not look new.

I came updated with 6 operating system headphones sound great in general is not much the same as the other bb but not bad only bad thing is that I can not add more topics

This phone is not used yet, because it is going to be used in Ghana.  Anyway I like it very well.

I have to keep phone on charger to talk, it never holds a charge.. Not likely to buy another one

aunque el producto no me fue entregado, el vendedor devolvi&oacute; el pago y siempre respondieron a mis preguntas por el articulo.

Exelent product, very quick delivery, The &iacute;tem was as new as you buy it in any retail, thats the difference with p&uacute;ber delivery companies

the service is terrible the reception is bad i have wi fi and i cannot access it i can only access internet via a date plan

good morning. I need very urgently the invoice. thanksI hope your answer. and are very good these 2 products.I recommend it

100% recomendado, buen producto y lo que se esperaba, agradecido por la buena gesti&oacute;n. buen producto. sigan as&iacute; con responsabilidad

My Blackberry never worked properly. It re-starts alone, without previous warning or anyone touching it.. Very often the screen makes a continuous scroll upwards.. (without touching the pad nor the keyboard!!) So if you try to write a message at the the time it is impossible because it is as if someone is scrolling upwards with the pad..! It's quite difficult to explain, it must be seen..If I am in the outside, for example in the sun, it gets worse. There is no way for me to use it at that moment because the texts moves upwards like crazy..Sometimes it works properly, and when it does, I am satisfied with the product. The problem is that I don't know what to do to solve the malfunctioning. I live in Argentina, I don't know if the warranty is international..

gracias estoy muy agradecido estuvo bueno la entrega demasiado r&aacute;pido que siempre sea as&iacute; nos vemos en la pr&oacute;xima compra cuidense

THE CELL PHONE IS REFURBISHED, IT HAVE A DIFFERENT SERIAL OUTSIDE BECAUSE IS FOR A DIFFERENT BAND (SERIAL FOR 3G TMOBILE BAND BUT SOFTWARE FOR 3G A&TT) THE BATTERY DOESNT WORK WELL AND IT ALWAYS STUCKS WITH THE CLOCK. IT MISS THE SD CARD AND THE MOBIL BAG ITS SCRATCH. I WANT MY MONEY BACK.

I highly recommend this phone, very good phone, it works right and i got the one showed in the page. I bought it as a gift for my little baby and he seems to like it a lot.

I cancel the business because i buy the wrong cellphone and everything its clean with they,they give me  the money quickly and i recommend buy with this people its really secure and amazing deal ....

The product arrived in perfect condition without any problem, the package is the right size to what you buy, works perfect, I have no problem with the telephony functions as expected

that phone is ok for me, is fast and perfect for my requirements. I am pleasure wiht it.for me is ok

works like a charm, at first I was scared, because you never save, but I get perfect and everything in the box again, I have no complaints

The Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 was good, but I had some problem because of the delivrery delay, and the Items was not update, I had some problem to make the GPS work.

I BOUGHT THIS BLACKBERRY ON APRIL 9 AND IS NOT TOTALLY UNLOCKED. YOU CAN'T CONNECT WITH THE BLACKBERRY NETWORK, SO IT ONLY WORK AS A NORMAL PHONE, NOT AS A BLACKBERRY OR A SMART PHONE. I DON'T LEAVE IN THE USA SO IF VERY HARD FOR ME TO RETURN IT. I ALSO SPEND ON INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING. WASTE OF MONEY AND NO PHONE. I LIVE IN VENEZUELA AND NOW I HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER ONE. DO YOU TAKE RESPONSIBILITY ON THIS?

I ordered the new BB curve 9300 but received the used phone. The box is in the terrible condition. The phone is old and used. I gave it to my friend and it was useless. After my incident, i read all 1 star comments about this BB Curve 9300 and found out that a lot of Amazon customers got a similar situation with the OEM Planet like me and just wonder why does Amazon still let these happen to their customer? Should i report this to the Federal Trade Commission to protect the customer's right? And what has Amazon done to protect their customers from cheating sellers like the OEM Planet?

I bought this phone with high hopes only to have it crushed. It does not support my home network. I see many people are complaining of the same thing already. I should have read the reviews before making my purchase. The phone is okay otherwise but it not of much use to me now.

This is the worse phone distributor I have ever encountered, stay away from this company, it took 2 weeks to recieve my phone and it is a faulty cell phone, they promised a replacement if I removed my negative review, which I did, it has been a month since they promised to replace the phone, still no replacement.

producto de excelente calidad muy bueno y funciona muy bien estoy muy contento con mi equipo. Me p&aacute;rese muy bueno el blackberry curve 9330.

EXCELENTES CONDICIONES Y MUY BUEN FUNCIONAMIENTO, ME AGRADA EL PRODUCTO, RECOMENDADO PARA MANTENERSE COMUNICADO, DE MUY RAPIDO PROCESAMIENTO Y ENVIO DE SMS Y OTROS

el celular tiene algunos problemas, las teclas aveces no escriben y el boton de bajar el volumen no funciona esperaba algo mejor

Very good. It worked perfectly

3G it work perfect for Movistar in Venezuela. I just can be able to used the pin service. A error message appears &#34;&#34;Device is not registered&#34;

the product said to be refurbished, but it came with a flaw that makes it impossible to know when the team is running out of battery because it suddenly goes

When I ordered this phone I ordered NEW.. When I received it & brought it to AT&T to activate it, the trackball didn't work at all.. The representative said the phone was used & even the battery was used. Not happy at all with the product & lets not go into how difficult it was to return it. The 3rd party was horrible to deal with. Had to keep involving Amazon.com reps to help me get the $ refunded to me. But had to constantly check up on the status of my return. Not a good experience at all & will never order from this 3rd party again...

el telefono llego bien! la tienda responde y manda todo al dia! el detalle sq como es blackberry se funde rapido no aguanta pela es muy delicado!! es bueno para gente q no le saca la chicha a los telefonos desde venezuela

I bought it as a gift to my dad and he simply loves it! It's not a samsung obviously but it does the work for an old man (70yrs)

i am unsatisfied with my purchase. i did not get two of the same phones firstly, the at&t i received is unable to connect to bbm chat, wireless network and blue tooth. the other phone works excellent. i am uncertain what can be done to rectify this problem. can u please be of assistance. thank you

While the phone appears to be 'new' since my purchase in January 2012 i have had to replace the track pad , and continue to struggle with the problem of NO MEMORY . I only use Google maps ( since deleted) Whatsapp and local newspaper and Facebook . The phone is constantly processing . unfortunately i took the phone out of state or else i would have certainly returned it to sender. i am totally unhappy

This phone works good  I am very well satisfied. I bought it as a gift and the person live it

I bought this phone thinking it was a really BB smart phone.After i recevied it I tested  it out and the phone. I learned that the phone was fake.I use black at my work place. if I didn't use BB phone at my work place I would have been taken.LMAO.I have returned the fake phone to the seller and I am still waiting for my refund.The seller  is telling me they don't know where the phone at and playing games hopening that I give up and go away so they could keep the phone and my money too.The seller has no respect for their customers.I hope you learned something from me and stay away from wrong sellers here at amazon.com.I have bought  many things in the past  online  here at amazon.com and many sites and I never had  any problems getting my refund.I think this seller should be banned from selling anything on Amazon.com and online.Do not waste your money and time with this seller.The seller sells fake phones that look like  real phones.This seller sold fake B.B phone to me.

The phone battery bad wine (Inflated). You can not use because it does not close the back cover. Thanks you

The track pad is very slow. At first the track pad did not work I had to switch the phone off about 4 times and remove the battery before it started to work.

Muy buen equipo, excelente lo recomiendo ampliamente, se recibio en perfecto estado. Muy responsable vendedor y en excelentes condiciones lo recomiendo

Prompt service.. Phone was exactly as advertised. Very happy with the Blackberry Curve, My man dropped his in water, needed a replacement phone. This is exactly what he wanted.

el telefono llego a tiempo todo bien con el envio, lo unico malo fue que el blackberry no era nuevo era repotenciado y en la descripcion decia que era nuevo, no lo devolvi porq estoy en Venezuela solo por eso!!!

A replacement for my son....he loves this phone.  Texting so much easier for a 6-2 man.!  His words , he thinks it is the best for his needs..

Phone keeps jamming.  Was this a used phone?  Cannot get into any of my apps.  Do not have a similar phone but the other purchases were good.

I BOUGHT A CELLPHONE, ITS A BLACKBERRY 9300, I RECIVED AND IT WORKED PERFECTLY WELL FOR 2 DAYS, THEN I FOUND OUT THAT THE EMAIL ADDRESS CONFIGURATION DESAPPEARED, AFTER THAT EVERYTHING STOP WORKING, I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO, I DONT HAVE ANY INTERNET CONECTION. A TECHNICAL IN BLACBERRY TOLD ME, THAT COULD BE, THAT THEY HAVE THE BLACKBERRY INTERNET SERVICE IS BLOCKED, AND THAT THE BEST I CAN DO IS TO RETURN THE PRODUCT WHILE THE PHONE IS ON WARRANTY. IF THERE IS ANY POSIBILITY THAT I COULD GET A PHONE NUMBER WERE TO CALL YOU I WOULD BE VERY GRATEFULWAITING FOR YOUR PROMPT RESPONSEATTEALEJANDRO ARIAS

I am writing to inform you that the phone they sent me is crap rebuilt deceive people by saying that the phone is new and rebuilt parts and lie has the slot for the SIM wine party, also say it has 3G technology and is not well I feel cheated is a lack of respect because I paid for a new phone and received is trash. Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite Grey; Amazon.com order number: 103-7059328-4789047. It is a scam which Amazon do this must take responsibility for what I paid in lost tax nationalization, what I paid for shipping and what I paid for the crap they sent me but I will undertake to make public ridicule and rip they do with the people's money

excelente producto cubrio mis expectativas, ahora lo tiene mi madre, solo un detalle con respecto al teclado pareciera que la membrana esta floja, de resto todo bien y funciona 3G en venezuela con mob&iexcl;vistar

Got it, first upgraded all the soft, synced with account and worked right away. Very stable (unlike a 9100 from an outside vendor I had to return)

The cell phone was not unlocked, need to make an additional payment to a technician to unlock it without taking into account that the equipment is in very good condition

You sold a cell phone and I had the misfortune to buy, from the day i've received, it did not work properly. I made all possible technical procedures for the proper functioning of moments getting the phone works well and returning immediately to damage,so I'm not being able to use their applications. For all that I ask that my money back.

Compre 3 de estos telefonos para enviarlos a Venezuela, 2 de ellos vinieron con la bateria da&ntilde;ada y otro nunca pudo levantar EDGE, estoy esperando que me llegue el telefono para devolverlo. De Verdad que no lo recomiendo en lo absoluto.I bought 3 of these phones to be sent to Venezuela, 2 of them came with the battery damaged, and one never worked, I'm hoping I get the phone to return it. In truth I would not recommend at all.

I received the bb in an opened box!, didnt come with the sd card (memory) and the headseat is damaged!...Im really disappointed cause im from ecuador, it would take a lot of time to complain and to have what i have missing from my order.I hope the cell works properly

It's a really good cellphone. I recommend it to all of you. Good shipping and good speed. I'm very happy with my purchase.

Shipped on time, delivered on time and it's just what I've bought.I've got my phone on Venezuela, it arrived on perfect conditions and works fine with my service provider.Thank you very much.

lo recomiendo, lo &uacute;nico es que si se adquiere para Movistar no levanta 3G y no trae tarjeta de memoria!!!

Bought this for me and got my wife an iPhone. Blackberry was up & running immediately.Works great. Easy to use & totally business.  (iphone took 2 hours to set-up & I had to download a 83 page manual, create an account, give a credit card number just to down load my wife's f Facebook.Any business person should stick with blackberry, all the other phones are toys.

Buen equipo celular de muy buenas caracteristicas para el precio que posee, no ha dado problemas de ningun tipo y funciona perfectamente en la red 3G

me enviaron este tel&eacute;fono a Venezuela reparado y tiene problemas de software y hardware, lamentablemente pense que eran personas serias

bueno y barato, menejable excelente equipo, lo recomiendo con los ojos cerrados, navega bello 3G incomparable al mejor precio, fino

thanks for selling me the product.i enjoy it just like what i expected when i choose this item.thank you again and happy new year for you all, .

este equipo jamas llego a mis manos desde que lo compre y aun no llega a mis manos, nunca lo enviaron!this team ever get my hands since I buy and still not get my hands on, I never sent!

A good first phone, not a phone that you want to use apps or the web.I got this phone as an upgrade from the BlackBerry Curve 8520 and it's a good phone if you are already in the BlackBerry ecosystem. Although the BlackBerry App Store is very limited, for me TuneIn, Pandora, and Facebook are my essential, bare-minimum apps as well as simple some games.Some cons for this phone is the small App Store as well as the semi-steep learning curve if you are switching from a smartphone sold after 2011.

It is a refurbished modelTmobile 3G/4G not working.Trackball was half damagedDisplay screen had dustScreen frame got broken in a weekTotally Disappointed in buying such a low quality product

the cell phone is not in good condition. battery not charging well and for this reason constantly goes without notice that battery is low. is there any guarantee for this damage 'because we have spent a lot of money and thought it was one of the best phones.

the cell doesnt work, as soon as i received it i noticed it didnt turn on, i placed it to charge and its the same, as soon as i turn it on, the soonest it turns off, what big fraude from this seller, a big piece s***..

I bought this device as a "bridge" as I lost my iPhone 4 and did not want to upgrade to the 4S due to the imminent release of the 5.  I am delighted that it worked with AT&T; 3G bands.I must say that I missed the keypad and it's been a wonder and huge relief to have physical feel on the typing, certain very assuring feel.  Also Blackberry 6 is definitely a nice update (device not supported by Blackberry 7) and a huge difference from my old Curve back in Feb  2009 when I last had it.  The menus and executions are fast and the aesthetics of the OS are polished--pleasing if that is what others would say although I didn't load it up with tons of apps as it is only a temporary device.  It has Vlingo - Siri's BB counterpart, not as intelligent as Siri but does the job.  I don't do socials very much so I didn't care about FB, Tweeter and social feeds although its got a unified social feed status.The track pad is very responsive, unless your finger is wet or oily, then you need more skin traction.The Blackberry Desktop for Mac is one that i love very much.  My Mac address book (not icloud, local address book), and calendar entries synced without a glitch.Keypad is still here to stay I guess.Just some thoughts about setting up BIS and for those with $30 Data Unlimited iPhone Plan:I initially had problem setting up the BIS because the device is not recognized by the network as this unit from Amazon is unlocked.  I called AT&T; and reported the IMEI and PIN of the device, rebooted and everything went well, including setting up my AOL email account on the BIS from the phone (does not allow you to setup BIS through your Mac or PC browser--very strange).  My $30 Data Unlimited iPhone plan which I had since Feb 2009 was converted to same $30 Data Unlimited Blackberry plan.  AT&T; rep assured me that I can switch back to same Data Unlimited iPhone plan when it is released.

Since I travel a lot I normally change operators in each country where I am at. No problem so far, phone has worked great.Arrived on time. Great seller.

I bought this phone to upgrade my old Blackberry 8520. Once connected to the carrier (outside the US) I discovered 3G doesn't work. After some research I found T-Mobile phones have a different 3G frequency.In sum, the upgrade was not so, and now I have to sell this one (with the cosequent loss), and look for the same model but AT&T; enabled.Not to mention the complications of bringing the equipment to my country.Otherwise is nice.Good luck!

The phone does not look new. The box was open and it is not the blacberry box. There is not manual inside, no UPS cable for the charger. Only four connections for diferents electricities. There is not any international warranty document. So the operation was very bad, this seller is very very very bad. I have to review the phone operation so I expect not to have more surprises.OEM very bad company.

The cell phone would not scroll down properly. And after about a month, the battery would not take charge ahnd would drain when plugged in. No good. I woulod never buy here again.

i prefer Blackberry's button keyboards than touch screen keyboards. This phone works as expected. The only complaint i have is the battery that comes with the phone is a cheap battery and does not hold a charge for very long.

The phone works perfectly. The only thing that could be betteris the life of the battery, that does not last long if you usethe internet services very often.

I love my phone, the camera takes wonderfull photos. the battery whent dead after three months but I guess it's a BB's problem and not from the seller

It was good! For anyone getting this, and your reading this review, make sure that you properly close app, by hitting Menu and scrolling to close.

The cellphone arrived with its trackpad damaged, it was supposed to work in 1,2,5,6 bands and it doesn't, it works in 1,4,8 bands so I received a 3G phone not working with my carrier. Amazon shoud be more careful about publishing accurate product description, regarding to cellphones it is critical information.

Just as it was described.. Perfect! In time, no problem at all... I recommend this product to everyone! Simply great

este celular es repotenciado solo me duro un mes y enseguida se da&ntilde;olo lleve a un tecnico y me entere que era repotenciado y no tiene reparacion, fue una estafa, porqueme lo vendieron como nuevo

compre este equipo gsm y al recibirlo me entregaron uno cdma y ahora no lo puedo usar pues en venezuela no homologan lineas cdma traidas del extranjero, eso es una falta de respeto a los compradores.

Buy 2 phones Blackberry curve 9300 and I already got the bad about them is that they are not as such comes with blackberry brand carved on the front below called Telus beyond this comes without USB cable and without headphonesIn the box only get the phone and the charger but nothingI really was not what I expected because in the photo publication came a totally different phone is not the same that sent meDissatisfaction completely do not wantThey were sold by the store BLUTEKUSA.

The phone is unlocked and will work out the box. For internet services you need to contact your local provider but once you get that sorted out there's no problem.

trajo un defecto... el trackpack se le da&ntilde;o a los 3 dias de comprado. y uno de los bordes del telefono esta rayado.

it is decent  my mom loves it, great for a new phone if u not into tech and it is great for mom she getting use to these newer phones so i bought this one for her practice

GOOD AFTERNOON, ALL EXCELLENT SERVICE, WELL PACKED, JUST IN TIME, PRODUCT QUALITY 100%.  RECOMMENDED  THANKS FOR THE SERVICE, VERY EFFICIENT.
