
Great basic slide phone for a kid. Does all the basic needs without having to sign another contract with a cell phone carrier

After one of my kids dropped their phone in the ocean, I decided to get a backup phone to have on hand when the dry-it-in-a-bag-of-rice trick didn't work.  This was reasonably priced and worked well when it had to be called into service.  It came quicker than expected and didn't have any visible signs of wear (I can't remember if it was sold to me as &#34;new&#34; or &#34;like new&#34;).

Very dependable phone. Easy key board. even has function where txt can be read to you while driving. Battery life is very good also

I have had this phone for two years, used it a lot, and dropped it a number of times. It  finally died when my husband dropped it in water. I looked at other phones but decided to buy another of the same thing because I love the keyboard, it has stood the test of time, and I don't really want to go with a touch screen phone.

Decent non-smart phone, everything was in working order (including the alarm clock!), and it arrived quickly. If you want a basic, nice phone, this is a good choice.

I have used this phone for 2 years + now.  To be fair, I only use it for calling and texting since I don't want to pay for data usage and smartphone dataplans.  HOWEVER I have never had problem with this phone.  The battery lasts a few days between charges, the speakerphone is handy, the sound quality good.  The keyboard makes texting super easy.The phone seems durable as well.  I have dropped it on tile floors and in parking lots - - the back popped off and battery fell out but the phone still worked great once I reassembled it.I have been very happy with it - - my husband has the Intensity II and has hated it.  The phones look very similar, but his is not user friendly at all (pocket dials all the time, setting that can't be changed, txt layout and menu awkward etc etc)I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a reliable simple phone for calling and texting.

This phone is garbage and not even worth a penny. The seller was excellent as all have been on Amazon but this phone is certainly a bad device and should not be on the market. All I need is to hear the caller and for them to hear me. Or no dropped calls. Then when you want to go to a certain name to call it does not work. As well as trying to call from a list it won't you have to directly put in number.

This was a gift for my husband to replace his old phone like this.  This was refurbished, so I was a little concerned about the quality; but we are very pleased.  It is like new.

I was very disappointed when I received my order. I ordered a NEW phone and received a USDED phone. It had scratches on the display screen and my old phone that I was replacing was in better condition then the NEW phone that I ordered. I also ordered a few other items which now I HAVE to PAY the shipping to return them so NOW I'm out money. If I wanted a USED phone I would have ORDERED a USED phone!

I have had my original phone (on a replacement now) for 3 months and from nearly the beginning I had issues with making calls. I'd go to a contact and press send. The timer would begin counting as though the call connected and you would expect the ringing to begin. My phone wouldn't ring once the timer started yet it rang on the receiving end and my recipient would answer and hear me, but I couldn't tell they were there because my phone never rang in the earpiece. I learned to watch the timer and if it didn't begin ringing I'd hang up and call again. Luckily I mainly call family but it was annoying because it would ring for them and then I'd hang up and try again and  they would get a missed call. I had my phone replaced recently. I have had my phone replaced with a certified like new one for less than a week and the issues have begun again. Looks like a problem with this model.

I bought this because I dropped my old one which threw the slide open feature off. I was happy to find an Intensity that was new - as opposed to the old refurbished ones.

This is not only the worst phone i've ever owned, but it's the worst phone I've ever used.  It has a really long lag time between pressing a button and getting a response.  It is always showing these wierd ads.  But most of all, the keyboard is terrible.  Even when I first got it, you had to 'mash' the 'y' button to get it to work.  now, only about 7 months in, about half the keys require you to mash buttons, so texting takes about 4 times longer than it should to correct all the errors made by dropping key strokes.I had wanted a simple phone that I wouldn't need a data plan for, but this phone made me want to pay the extra 30 bucks a month to use a phone i didn't want to throw across the room and stomp upon.

The Samsung Intensity was defective. The screen was not in working order, could not make calls, receive texts or use the phone at all.

This phone did exactly what I wanted it to do: place calls and alow me to send text messages. I never had a problem with the front or full keyboard's size, though someone with large hands might have more trouble. I have had this phone for almost two years now and it is starting to have some problems. Every phone I've had up to this point has started acting up around the one year mark so I am very happy. All in all, this is a great basic little phone that I would recommend.

Purchasd this phone from seller cheapcellphonereplace, the phone was described as in good condition, when I got the phone it was in OK condition, and stopped working completely after 5 months.  I contacted the seller and was given the run around for a week, long behold, I was told by the seller &#34;Things do not last forever &#34; really now !  I have phones that lasted me 2yrs,Buyer Beware! you get what you pay for.

I bought this phone to replace my existing Intensity that was accidentally washed. The dealer described the phone as having minimal scratches. This was not the case. The back of the case had many scratches on it like it was pawed at by a cat. The most disturbing part was that none of the data on the phone was erased. All the previous owners contacts were still programmed as well as numerous pictures. For most, being able to hit an 'all erase' button would have been easy, but the previous owner had a pass code enabled on the phone. I don't know if the seller had control over this, but it seems that selling a previously owned phone would necessitate deleting all previous owner information. While the phone works fine (aside from having no charger), the hassle of the other made this an unpleasant purchase.

The phone works as promised, the only problem is that sometimes the phone cuts out. When I make outgoing calls, sometimes the other person won't be able to hear me and i'll have to hang up and call them again. Besides that, everything works fine. The battery life is good and all the buttons work.

Did not look too good.  It works, but do not like the &#34;old&#34; looks.  Too much money for the quality of the phone

I was expecting an Intensity II to replace the one I already have. I was disappointed to find this to be an older version of my phone and I couldn't use my charger and phone covers with this one.

It's okay. Sometimes reception is not that great; don't know if its due to the type of phone or location.

Not sure if I recieved a new device, because there was a travel charger in the device box, the msn had old customer info on it and there want a data cable included with the device. I need this device temporarily

We had really good service, but the phone itself is terrible.  We drop calls all the time.  We live in area of good coverage.

The worst reception I have ever had using this phone. I can't even use the phone at home. Get something else.

I own an Intensity and it is a great first phone. I have an unlimited text contract which is good for text-a-holics like me! It slides and is really useful. The only cases you can buy for this version of phone is snap-on. It's cool because you can switch out and swap cases very easily. Great phone!

If you buy this, be sure to follow the activation directions provided.  It was a bit different than normal, but worked fine once I followed the written directions.  Great basic phone.

Ok, to start off with I had a problem with my phone about a month after I bought it.  They sent me a &#34;new&#34; one (actually NOT a new one but a reconditioned one).  It didn't work. People couldn't hear me and it would not text.  So.. I sent it back.  They sent another one which initially seemed to work.  I find now that it constantly says the battery is charging even though it's not hooked up to the charger.  I can take out the battery and then it stops, but still I shouldn't have to do that. Oh and to make matters worse, Verizon says what happened to my month old original phone was not covered under the warranty.  You know, the warranty that sends you old phones anyway.  So they charged me $100 for this piece of junk.  Whatever you do I would advise not to buy Samsung.  At least not this phone.  And do not buy the warranty.  They still only send you a reconditioned phone no matter how short of a time you've had the phone.

super phone, i would order another.  i had a samsung before this one but did not like it as well.

I have had this phone replaced three times in the the last 10 months.  The phone shuts itself off, locks up, texts in my pocket when it's supposed to be locked, and has a terrible camera and no video.  4 phones all with the same problems can't be a fluke.  This phone is by far the worst cell phone I've had in the last 20 years, more problems in 10 months than the previous 19 years with all other phones combined .

Some keys were hard to press but not bad. Good shipping amazon is good with shipping fast no problems. Overall it's not a bad phone it could probably last  me about 6 months close at least.

the phone was too small. hard to read letters and numbers. I will look for another phone, that I like and will buy.

The phone I purchased from Amazon works; however, the charger did not work.  Had to purchase wall charger from box store in order to charge phone.

My son wanted this, as a replacement for the exact same thing. Hoping this one doesn't get wet, anytime soon.

I searched for the Samsung Intensity III phone.  the original Intensity I showed, and I bought it thinking that it was the III. Amazon took it back, but I had to pay postage.  Lesson learned.  Buyer beware.

I loved this phone I previously owned this phone and it broke I came to amazon to re-buy it , I was very satisfied with my purchase. I bought it new and it arrived new and packaged great was all sealed up just as I hoped it would be Iam very happy with my experience and the shipping was fast I will buy again from this seller

LIERS........ Its nice to know that its a PREPAID PHONE....  Its very important to know EVERYTHING about something your gonna buy. Like  PREPAID phone...

we would highly recommend this phone to anybody who utilizes a talk and text plan - it has fit our needs perfectly!

Screeen goes black quickly and has a  sounds tinny with static after a month.  It is easy to use and has lots of features

Arrived on time, works within expectations. Battery life is wonderful. Sound quality could be better, but it does what it's meant to.

Decharges very quickly and has at times very poor signal reception, but it works for calling or the occasional text message.

I am returning this phone today. Don't bother wasting your time trying it. The buttons halfway work and it consistently drops calls. screen image is awful. Will never own another one!

I turned it on when I opened it out of the box after that I shut it off to charge up and it has never worked since

The phone is okay. but it will do its own thing some times. like butt dial or raise the sound.

(Disclaimer: I did NOT buy this phone on Amazon.  I purchased it with a Verizon contract.  The purpose of this review is to support only the quality of the product.)I have had my Samsung Intensity for 2+yrs.  I am 100% completely satisfied with this phone!  It's the perfect phone for those like me who are only interested in using their phone for calling and texting.  I like having a QWERTY keyboard even better than the few times I've tried to use my husband's smart phone's digitally displayed keyboard.  It might be hard for someone with big fingers but I think the buttons are normal size for QWERTY boards.I recently tried to help my mom get set up with her first cellphone and got a headache trying to find my way through the menus and features (and hers is a pretty basic refurbished flip phone with only a few more features than mine).  After I got done helping her I was glad to go back to mine!No headache with the Samsung Intensity!  I still remember easily navigating through it to get everything set up the way I liked and all the features are easy to manipulate.  It's probably easier because it doesn't have so many "bells and whistles", just the right amount of tools for what you need without all the extra stuff.This is a great phone!  I've dropped it maybe a handful of times in the 2+yrs that I've had it.  Nothing has broken yet and I've had no issues with any of the functions as other reviews mention . . . maybe they just got a bad one out of a bunch.  That could happen with any phone.  As far as I can tell the battery is lasting just as long as it did when I first got it.  I don't spend hours talking on my phone so I usually charge it every 3-4 days.  Even if I were to spend more time talking and texting (as has happened infrequently) I think I would only have to charge it every other day.It makes me sad that others have not had a good experience with this phone 'cause as far as I'm concerned I'm gonna be REALLY sad some day when I have to give it up and switch to another one!

If you are looking for a basic phone for calls and texting but requires no data plan this is perfect.  It works well, rings loudly and is simple to use.

This is a pretty decent phone for the price. I like the full keyboard. The Camera is terrible unless everything is perfectly stil.

Really like the phone, but to use the internet on it the words are just too small.  Good phone to use if you don't want data charges.

Great phone (when it works) I had this phone for four days and it was great quality and it broke on it's own. I previously owned this phone and they are very vulnerable to self breaking

I rated it ok for several reasons:I don't like the keyboard for texting. The keys are too small for me.  Sometimes the letters are capitalized when I don't want them.And I am constantly hitting the ring volume buttons on the side which means that I miss calls.It's a basic phone and will replace it as soon as my contract allows me to.

Since I didn't want to sign the next 2 years away to Verizon, when my phone broke, I replaced it with this one. I was able to activate it on my account in a few minutes. I'd like to use the key lock feature, but it's so annoying that I turned it off. When on, I have to press the button sequence 3 or 4 times to unlock the phone. When using the phone, sometimes keys just don't register and it's random keys so texting is a pain now.WARNING: This phone does NOT use a micro USB charger like every other phone - it comes with a non-standard charger.

Very satified. It does everything it should and the battery last forever. I'm on my phone constantly and only have to charge it every third day.

we got the phone got it switched over but have no battery life and cant hear people on other line and have no service with the same phone that got broke i never had any of these problems

Received phone with NO paper work, manual. Very hard for me as I am non techno.  Then took hours to turn on, Verizon tech thought antenna wasn't good.  CalledWirelessBliss, sent new phone. Asked for manual, said would email, DIDN'T. So I'll never know how to much more than use phone & text from this phone.  Not happy with product or service from WirelessBliss.  Minus 2 stars from me.

The cover was fine, I just ordered the Intensity II instread of Intensity. I gave it to my granddaughter, instead of sending it back.

my son has a III that I was using. the I has a smaller screen & bigger  keys which is what i needed. I like the  qwerty since I txt. it has a greate battery life. the phone will probably be obsolute soon, since it is good.

Came within 2 days, was in the mailbox. It was very easy to set up without notifing the carrier. Very satisfied with this purchase. Great price to

The page CLEARLY stated it was a new phone but it wasn't. Sent it back. Beware of Zaarn if ordering from them

Looks brand new and works wonderfully. I would recommend this phone to anyone. It is fantastic and easy to use.

I do like the phone a lot, and it was perfectly shipped and had everything in the that needed to be there. Good phone overall.

Plan on charging every night.  There is a extended life battery available but it requires an additional backing plate.  Not good for I. Your pocket since it butt dials too easily

Thought it was the provider's aim to get good phones in the hands of the consumer so as to make money selling usage. Verizon offered me little by way of a basic phone for my wife. I used the upgrade for a new Blackberry, a much better proposition. This phone was well priced with plenty of features.

This was a referb'ed phone.  Arrived with a dead battery, wouldn't charge, would boot with the Verizon flash on the screen and then go blank.  I liked the original Intensity, which I lost, so it's not a matter of the model's features, fit or finish.  It's a matter of my experience that I rate the product low.

Hello again.what is the sch-u460 and Samsung Intensity III u450 The one I got is from asia but made in china..speaker holes diferent shape sound holes.. Mine that I got only says sch-u50 not Samsung Intensity III u450 The back only has1/4 squares going up back where the other ones go all th way up the back... This does not mater to me.Its the phonethat I like.This now goes back to the quation because of asian would this why I scratch on the phone screen by just wiping it with a cloth. I will be looking at the person that told me about you and look at his phone. We know there is but I will let you know what it is.Thanks again,,Take a look at your other phones an see if the screens mark up.......ryelland

This item was a replacement phone. It met all of our expectations. I recommend it for anyone that wants a good phone without signing a new contract with Verizon.

First, Mobiletopia's Customer Service is incredible!  My cell phone charger was not charging, but I already had my phone set up the way I like it.  Instead of requesting a Standard Refund for a defective product, I e-mailed Mobiletopia and got an IMMEDIATE response and a new battery charger on the way!  It was as easy as simply e-mailing them my address and the charger was sent!  Customer Service doesn't get any better than this!Now, the phone?  What can I say other than I LOVE IT, but that means I love the simplicity of it.  It is easy to get around in, easy to program and REAL easy to use.  The speaker phone is good and loud and audio is very clear.  For $65 you can NOT go wrong, and with Mobiletopia's Customer Service, you are guaranteed a totally hassle free purchase!  I am impressed...

THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE PURCHASED A USED CELL PHONE, DID NOT REALLY KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT.I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE!  WORKS GREAT GOOD BATTERY AND GOOD CONDITIONS, I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASEDTHANKS TO SUPPLIER AND AMAZON

Looking for a on data required basic phone?  This is the one!  Although it is an older generation, it has all the functionality my daughter needs (talking and texting).  It is also fairly rugged which is a huge plus.

I love the Samsung intensity. I have used it for a while and it has worked wonderfully. I do not want to pay the $30 a month but I really needed a phone to text easily and this was great. I love the keyboard. It is so easy to use and it looks nice too. The phone is very stylish and at the same time, small. It easily fits anywhere, backpack, pocket, anywhere. P.S. You can text in class easier with a smaller phone, not saying I do that ;) I always have signal, the phone is easy to use, and it has cool basic features like calculator, calendar, alarm, etc. In the end, I think anyone would be happy to spend 2 years with a great phone like this and I highly recommend it.

tried to add the phone to my plan but it was already on someone else prepaid planright now its a paper weight

SO FAR ALL FEATURES I HAVE TRIED HAVE WORKED....EXCEPT THE # 3 NUMERIC ON THE FRONT KEYPAD DOES NOT WORK WITHOUT HAVING TO HOLD IT DOWN FOR AN ENTIRE 3 OR 4 SECONDS BEFORE IT REGISTERS.

my wife and daughter both use this style. It's thin and easy to conceal in pocket or purse. they both love it. It will be my next phone.

I can see why this isn't available.  It is hands down the worst phone I have ever used.  If I had liposuction on my normal sized fingers, I might be able to at least make phone calls with it, but I am not entirely sure.  There are some menus that you can wander into that you can't get out of without turning the phone off.  No phone is better than this phone.

The moment I recieved the package, it had been carefully wrapped. It's been so wonderful for me. Easy to use, tons of funtions, and a good memory. The camera is even impressive.

I just had one of these break on me after about 7 months of use.  Rarely dropped, but took much better care of than my last phone.  Flip-open keyboard is difficult to type on without mashing the key with your fingernail.  Case is cheap flimsy plastic.  Liked my old Samsung a870 better as a solid, cheap phone.

I received the phone 12/7, gave it as a Christmas gift and literally 30 days later on 1/7 it no longer works. Not a happy customer!

My Samsung Intensity II died after 90 days of use.  I didn't drop it nor was it subjected to water.  I turned it off for 1 hr, turned it on, and up comes an error code, "USB Download Mode,  Bootblock Version  DD26.3".  After searching the internet, a number of other people experienced the same USB Error problem.  I tried a soft and hard "re-boot" per Samsung's support webpage and nothing works.  Removing the battery doesn't work.  I need to send back to Samsung for repairs and all contacts will be completely wiped out. Buy this phone at your own risk. Do a search on Google for "samsung intensity ii usb download mode" . Full disclosure:  I didn't buy this phone from Amazon.

bought this for my daughter and she love it was to learn how to use this phone was a upgrade she love this phone

Wasn't the phone I thought I ordered so returned it.

I ordered this phone and originally hated it because I had a battery problem and it wouldn't charge and so I was without a phone. I was able to get a new battery and I love the phone. This is my 3rd, it takes alot of abuse but for me this is the phone to have, not all the bells and wisthels? when that isn't what you want but a very good and reliable phone.I originally gave it a bad review and have no idea where to find it to correct it so here is my ammended review.

I had this phone for 2 months at which point I could only hear callers if I used speakerphone, although they could hear me.  Apparently this is a common problem with no solution and all Verizon could offer was a used phone to replace the brand new one I had bought from them 2 months earlier.  The keyboard is difficult to use; you have to slide it out and type on its tiny little keys. The phone itself is a little large.  Battery life isn't great, 2 or 3 days at most when using it for several short calls throughout the day.  Not recommended.

I have a family plan and verizon wont add a prepaid phone to the plan as a replacement unless of course their rep doesnot know what she is talking about

This cellphone was fantastic. I destroyed my last flip phone by dropping it and I was not willing to pay 100 dollars for a new one. I looked on Amazon and got this wonderfully refurbished phone for 30 dollars not including shipping and handling. I will most definitely be getting my phones here from now on.

The phone only lasted me 7 months but it was a trooper, I drooped it in water and drooped it off the truck Pllllenntty of times. So it was a good phone for all the things I put it threw, the only thing is you have to constantly update the roaming capabilities with Verizon option *228 to up date the towers that it is connected to as your traveling/ the phone seems like it does not automatically do it.

While this phone has a very humble design, it is very easy to use and works better than I expected.  It is a great phone for texting and calling.  I do recommended purchasing something a little more modern if you are interested in using mobile web or doing more with pictures.  If you simply want to text on a QWERTY keypad and make calls, then this is definitely the phone for you!

The phone was in good condition like describe the only thing I have found wrong with it is the zero button does not always work and the vibrate does not work either! Like the vibrate to work that way it does not distract ppl  by ringing all the time.

I actually got rid of my Android to switch to this.  It is so durable and all the basics-- call and texts.  the only negative is the pictures you take and receive are not surprisingly terrible quality compared to smart phones.

Description on Amazon said it was a new phone.  It wasn't.  It was used.  Didn't last a month.  If I could give it 0 stars, I would.

the phone is not the same size as the one it replace,they made you think it would be. I think next time I'll try a different phone serves.

The phone I got works like new! I've had it for about 3 months now and it has not given me a single problem!

I was very nervous about buying a cell phone online. I've heard so many horror stories. But this one came on time and works great. The battery it came with at first did not work and the company was quick and professional about sending me a new one.

I had an older phone and this was an upgrade.  It will serve my purpose I am sure.  I was a wee bit disappointed in that it didn't have a handbook with it.  However, I downloaded the information I needed most from the internet.  Just do a search for it and it should come it. Doesn't cost a thing.I got the phone in good time and it was wrapped securely.  I'd recommend it.

What can I say? It keeps me from signing a two year contract with our carrier.I have a son who tends to lose or break phones.  This phone is a great phone for texting.  It slides out and has a key board.

The phone appeared to be new in the box but the zero on the phone does not work.??? The man at the phone store said it appeared to be a reconditioned phone and not new.

good phone for college son who is very, very tough on phones.  unfortunately, the phone didn't last as long as I hope it to but I believe it was due to issues other than the phone.

Its what I wanted but the screen keeps turning off and when you open the phone to the keypad the screen goes black, but for 20 dollars it was worth it. You get what you pay for!

I was not happy with this phone.  I had many dropped calls and shortly after I got the phone the charger came apart.

It's a cell phone or else I would give it a 5.  It is a sturdy model that we have purchased for 3 of our family members and they all like them.  Good solid phone with no glitches.  Good batteries as well.

I bought this little side slider from Verizon. It functions well and when open, the speaker is loud enough to be easily understood. The keys seem small for my dumb-thumbs but I'm not after speed. Finally, it actually survived a Maytag high-efficiency washer. The back cover came off and the battery fell out. I slid out the keyboard and let it dry overnight. Imagine my surprise when I re-assembled it and it booted up! Even the camera is still working! I wouldn't recommend this method for cleaning your phone. Just wipe it down with a damp microfiber cloth. Yes, I'd recommend it as a starter phone.

I love the samsung intensity phone i purchased from amazon. It was an excellent buy. I saw the same phone in a store over three hundred dollars and this one was under one hundred dollars. It was delivered on time and as always I am very pleased with my purchase.

Phone is okay, need two hands to use it because it is on small side.  Keypad is small as well. First time I went to use charger and plug it in, it fell apart. Charger is JUNK.  I have tried contacting the seller about the charger, but have not heard anything.  Lucky I had purchased a second charger as a back up, that came very next day.  That charger was from another vendor.  If you do plan on buying this phone, buy another charger. As a phone goes, it is nothing special, probably used best as a phone for a kid due to its size.

Nice compact, simple phone that's great for texting. Would recommend getting a rubberized case. I'm always on the move, so I'm pretty rough on my phones. With the case it's held up flawlessly. Battery life is excellent. Would highly recommend to anyone who appreciates simplicity with phones and needs one for both calling and texting.

I was very happy with this purchase.  We were able to add it to the account and use it right away.

a fine, simple phone.  works like most verizon phones.  nothing too special, nothing wrong with it that I can tell.

I purchased this phone as a birthday gift for my daughter. Phone was new in box. When phone was plugged in it failed to charge. Contacted seller and was told to contact Samsung. I ended up purchasing charger and battery from a different seller on Amazon (it was the battery) I will not be buying from this seller again.

Great older model phone, using for a line that is being billed but not used! Great qwerty keyboard! Works fine!

It did not work out ----- was not compatible  with Blue Tooth.  Now I need my money returned to me.

I researched for days about the best type of phone to by that was NOT a smartphone. I didn't want to pay for the data plans or be tied to that type of access to the internet at all times.  This phone is GREAT for my needs. The buttons are intuitive and easy manipulate.  My only complaint is that it is NOT easy to lock the phone....you have to go through many screens to activate the security lock EACH time. There is no shortcut button for the lock, and that drives me bonkers. The batter life is less than my previous phone (Samsung Intensity), but that has more to do with the maker of the battery than the phone itself.

I received this phone from another outlet that gave me $50 for buying the product. Two years later, I regret doing so. One year after I purchased the phone, it began shutting off on its own. Now, the symbol button on the QWERTY doesn't work, it shuts off 50% of the time when I send a text, the 0 button on the number pad doesn't work, neither does the top left message button. The space bar/smiley face button stopped working as well.If you're looking for a phone that'll last, this is NOT the phone for you. All the problems began appearing literally one day after the one year mark and now it's developed to the point where it's practically unbearable.

very good product shipped at the estimated date along with great customer serice, would recomment buying fromhere again with referrals

This was my first cell phone. I got in in fourth or fifth grade and loved it. It is great for people who just want a phone for texting and calling. Obviously,this is not a smart phone with apps and internet etc.Pros:-Very fast typing/ Comfortable keyboard sliding-Fast sending/receiving texts-Good sound-Compact-Very easy to use and basic interfaceCons:-No space at all, don't expect to put any music on this phone-Accidental dialing/navigation is possibleOverall:Out of all non-smartphones I have used, this is the best. Its very small and fits comfortably in your pocket and it gets the job done. Its fast enough, sounds good and you don't wait long for texts to come in. Highly recommend to kids and anyone who doesn't want a phone that can do everything. This phone is so easy to use and doesn't require effort or knowledge to navigate.

It did not come with a charger and I can't seem to find one. I realize this is an older phone, but some availability on associated accessories is needed.

I got on amazon to buy a Samsung Intensity II to replace my old one which had just broken. Somehow I ended p buying the Intensity I instead of the Intensity II! I was furious when I opened the package and realized I had the wrong phone.. But after looking online I realized it had been completely my error. I am not too please with the intensity I simply because I wanted the intensity II, which is better. However, the phone came in very good condition, and while I prefer the newer version, this one still works very well. I can't complain!

I bought a Used one to save a little money.  It works fine.  When I got it, I noticed one of the buttons was a little scratched up (not an issue, just forgot that I didn't buy it new.)  Once I remembered I bought it used, I was impressed by how good of a condition it's in.  It works fine and I like it.
