
I decided to wait several weeks before writing a review to see how the phone performed and if it met my expectations.  I also read through some of the low ratings here, so that I could say "yay" or "nay" to what they had to say.Let's do the bad news first. It seems that most of the low comments here are from folks who REALLY know cell phones and smartphone technology.  Even though I also consider myself a techie, I don't think the general population will really care about some of the phone's shortcomings that are mentioned.  However, there are some quirks that I've found that even the average user might not like...and these are only what I've discovered so far:1.  The claim that the phone can multi-task is only somewhat true.  I've had the phone freeze up on me on several occasions when I'm switching between apps.  However, I sometimes think that we expect our smartphones to be palm-sized high level computers, and they aren't.  If you're truly needful of running multiple apps, streaming lots of media, etc. then you really should consider an iPad and then use VoIP (in layman's terms: ability to make calls through the internet).  This really IS a fast phone in comparison to other smartphones, but it's not a computer.2.  The complaints about the phone randomly rebooting are true.  However, I really do wonder if this happens when the phone updates somehow.  If so, I just wish there were a warning screen that says, "Your phone will reboot in 2 minutes".3.  The battery really doesn't last long if you do stream music a lot (Pandora), surf the web a moderately high amount, and especially if you always have WiFi or Bluetooth running.  I don't count this as a big downer for me personally because it kind of reminds me when I am on my phone too much and not interacting with the world (that may not be an acceptable answer for someone who uses the phone exclusively for work).  I've learned how much I can stream/surf to get me through the day (and if T-mobile data truly isn't unlimited, then this may not be a bad thing).  A HUGE help has been getting a portable Energizer rechargeable battery back-up.  It's a great help for those high usage days.4.  A few times the phone would simply not turn on and I had to remove the battery and put it back in to get the phone to start.  Not a huge deal for me, because it doesn't happen often (once every couple of weeks).5.  Unrelated to the phone, Tmobile customer service is AWFUL.  I can't write the enormous lengthy nightmare I went through when I received the phone in the mail.  Suffice it to say that the phone's box seal was cut open.  I refused to accept a phone that wasn't sealed.  I went through an enormous amount of back and forth phone calls and visiting three different T-mobile stores before I finally got the REPLACEMENT activated.  I wrote a huge letter of complaint to Tmobile pointing out each failure of customer service along the way and the best they offered was a $10 credit.  Whoopdie doo!  How about the hours and hours I spent trying to just activate my new phone??  When this phone dies, I will leave Tmobile and never come back.  I don't factor my disgust for Tmobile into this review, because the review is about the phone itself.6.  I HATE HATE HATE autocorrect.  There may be a way to turn this off that I haven't discovered yet.  If anyone knows, please post a reply comment here.Now for the good...I'm not going to number this section because it's hard to pick specifics that I enjoy that the high ratings here haven't already mentioned.  It's a very good looking phone and despite the quirks, it not only met my expectations, but exceeded them. Reception has been remarkable...very few dropped calls.  4G internet/streaming speeds are amazing. Overall, for an average user, this really is one of the best phones out there. I cringe when someone says "well...wait for the XYZ phone, it's going to be awesome!"  Well, those very same people were probably saying the same thing about the G2X when they were griping about another product.  Besides, if we always said "wait for the next phone", we'd spend the rest of our lives waiting without actually experiencing technology grow...and doing so without a new phone! If you're an average user, or even somewhat of a techie, I say get this phone! I really haven't seen any phone on the market now that can compare to this one, except the iPhone 4.  I can't promise total satisfaction, but even the iPhone, the most popular and successful smartphone out there has its naysayers.  Overall, this phone definitely deserves at least 4 stars.

I have this phone since June, still on 2.2.2 froyo (never received OTA from TMO) and  never had any problems. It is a perfect phone for my opinion.

Probably LG forgot to test this phone for quality issues before releasing it. It was so frustrating for me with reboots, screen blackouts, wifi issues, battery issues. The phone would heat up whenever I use 4G for more than 20-30min or may be even less than that. If I leave it charging with 4G on, the phone would reboot many times whenever it wants to, sometime won't even reboot,had to remove the battery cover , take the battery out and have boot it again. Happens 2-3 times a day and it was so annoying. Had 2 replacements for this phone , even the third one has the same problems.Not worth the money to buy this phone.

Here's my take on the G2x:Processor(s) *****: This thing is fast.  Coming from a HTC G1 with Cyanogenmod 6, the LG G2x is no contest the fastest phone I've worked with.  With a dual core and a dedicated GPU it plays 3D games smoothly, soft-decodes xvid videos no problem, and webpages with heavy Flash and image content are actually usable with only some minor hesitation when pinch-zooming.Connectivity **: Well, I appear to have the same issues with Wifi as others, and while I rarely use it, it's still a point of contention for me.  It will connect for a couple minutes, then lose connection.  Only by having the phone forget the access point and re-entering the settings would the connection re-establish itself again, for only a few minutes.  Whether it's related to the My Account app, I don't know, but I'll see once I'm rid of the stock OS.  4G reception where I live is okay but not great (-88 dbm).  I'm getting about 8 Mbps down and 3 Mbps up.  There is some evidence that holding the phone a certain way may drop reception (I've tried different holds and have gotten it to drop to -101 dbm), but it seems on average this isn't a problem.  Perhaps with an update to the radio software this can be improved.  In any case, it's still faster than the 3G I was used to.Battery ***: Battery life is just okay.  I can barely get through 16 hours before the phone needs to go onto the charger (about double that with an app named JuiceDefender).  One of the biggest improvements I'm hoping for once Cyanogenmod is released for the G2x is to strip all the bloatware from the phone that's causing it to eat battery life.  I recall the before-and-after when I flashed CM6 onto my G1, and the battery savings was amazing.Display ****: While I know AMOLED displays are better, the contrast and color from this display is still outstanding.  Colors are true and not over-saturated.  The backlighting, while not completely uniform (corners are somewhat bright), is still decent with a large range of control over the intensity (and a nice very-dim setting for night-time car navigation).Camera ****: Well, it's not comparable to any digital camera I've used, but it works.  Tiny sensors still equal noisy images, regardless of the ISO settings, but that's to be expected.  I think the disappointment from the camera is really from the flash and/or software controlling it.  The flash is way too bright (think nuclear blast) when used within five to eight feet of a subject.  Near as I can tell, there is no EV setting for the flash, so there's no way to weight the flash intensity versus the exposure.  Perhaps when CM7 comes to the G2x it will help with this problem.  Other than that, the pictures are decently exposed with decent color, and definitely usable for social networking applications where these type of cameras are mostly used.  Video is also good; at 24fps it feels more like a cinematic film than a video.Software ***: What hasn't already been said?  It's Android 2.2.2.  The OS is stable -- I haven't had any random reboots as people have described -- but it's nothing special. The bundled software is garbage, of course, and it eats battery life.  Fortunately with custom OS builds this can be changed, which is what I'm waiting for.Overall I like this phone, and with a better OS I suspect this will perform well for my needs.  I got a great deal on it, and with the modern processor, it should keep up with what's coming in the next couple years.

Bought two as upgrades from the G1.  Sendingthem back for reception issues.The G1 got several bars of reception at home.  I'm lucky to get one bar with the G2X. (The call quality is obviously inferior as well because of this).  Tmobile (good experience as always) tried trouble shooting (updating sims, changing network type, checking tower etc) but no improvement.  The reception was weak outside our house as well.  One suffered from occasional random reboots and seemed to have a worse signal than the other outside the house.  Neither had a really consistent 4G connections here in Norfolk.  The other negative was that both screens had prety significant backlight bleed through on the black background of the boot screen.  Not ever visible in use but it still made me a bit uneasy.On the plus side it's a really nice piece of gear.  It's fast, responsive and quick when it is connected to the network or wifi (wifi calling dropped fairly consistently as well, but as I haven't used it in my house with another device I can't be sure it's not my WNDR3700 so I won't count that against the G2X).  The web loads faster than my tab or wife's ipad over wifi.  The screen is also nice once everything is loaded.  Finally the camera seemed pretty solid and the speaker phone function works well (when you have a connection).I liked it but as it wasn;t meeting my needs inthe phone area I had to send them back.  If you have exceptional signal strength in your town you may have a better experience.

Bottomline - this phone does not function as a phone.It has many great features and is super fast (no reboot problem on mine). However, the error that condemned this phone is call quality. The phone will be in the same location and switch from 2G to 4G to no signal. Note that whenever it switches from 2G to 4G, your call will drop or the person on the other end will not hear you (lets not even talk about using the internet/apps that require internet - this will cut in and out).I know that this is not a very descriptive review, but I want o be very clear: regardless of how many "pros" or redeeming features you read about, at the end of the day, this device cannot perform the features basic to a phone.

I ordered this phone and was really excited about getting a 4G phone with a dual core processor. I received the phone and I was at home and put the simm card in and the phone was not activated yet and somehow T-Mobile didn't assign a data plan to my phone which I had already selected when I signed up for this phone.Okay I got the plan issues fixed and the phone is not active on the T-Mobile system, but I am sitting at my desk and I have no signal from T-Mobile. My Nexus One works fine at home. I get one or two bars of signal on my Nexus One and no bars on the G2X.I called T-Mobile and they tried to give me the explanation that my phone was just activated that it could take a while for the reception to work properly !The next day I took the phone to work and no 4G reception and once again the reception was not very good.I ran some speed tests between the LG G2X running 3G vs a couple of coworkers Nexus One phones and it was just about the same speed.So back to T-Mobile went the phone and I am back to using the Nexus One.Also the case back is very strange you have to pry it off at the bottom and it seems to be very fragile.The bottom line, this phone is a great idea, but appears to have some serious design issues that I do not think will be solved in firmware updates.

I bought this phone almost 2 weeks ago. First off, I want to mention that my problem with this phone isn't with Amazon. The first unit I received kept shutting off randomly or would restart randomly. Amazon was very helpful in replacing the phone. I am on phone #2 and am wondering if I need to have it replaced again or return it. Here are my issues:1. Battery life - absolutely terrible. The battery goes from fully charged to 94% in 5-10 minutes. I don't keep a lot of programs running in the background either. It's just terrible. It doesn't last more than a few hours tops.2. Reception - This is a mixed area for me. Some areas get great reception. In other areas, I get no reception at all and in fact I lose connection to T-Mobile's cellular network and have to go into the settings to force it to reconnect to T-Mobile.3. Data - The biggest annoyance for me. The data reception with T-Mobile is absolutely terrible sometimes.It will drop from a 4G connection to an Edge connection in areas with poor reception but usually won't switch back to 4G automatically when you are in an area that you know has good reception and you should be getting 4G speeds. Also, T-Mobile fails to tell you that their unlimited plan is capped at 2GB. After that, you are limited to 60K. Seriously ?! 60K. That's basically dial-up speed. T-Mobile does not disclose this in advance so beware before signing up with T-Mobile.I am not happy with this phone and am seriously considering a phone on another carrier. I wouldn't recommend this phone at this time. It does have some very nice features (HDMI output,dual core processor,4G capable) but in reality it is just too buggy. LG needs to do better quality control.

My first Android phone, chosen for it's high ratings among tech-nerds.  Anyone know of a 'recommendations' page by novice users?  That might be more informative for most.LIKE:  I like the phone, it feels solid, looks smart,fairly intuitive to use. As they recommend a cover, wonder why they didn't add one???DON'T LIKE:  there is too much junk loaded on here I neither need nor want.  When I explore how to remove it, I get long techspeak missives about "rooting"..at which point I quit reading.  How about a simple "DELETE" and "are you sure?" Follow UP button for those of us who don't play games, care about sports, or particularly want multiple emails managed by one app.WANT SIMPLE.  Apple has pretty much kept to this -- knowing most of us don't want to WORK to make our technology work for US. I have to say I am going back that way..if/when the evil ATT gobbles up user-friendly TMobile. I left Yahoo for Google, now am seeking a Google replacement. I want the old days when you could order a Ford with exactly the options you want.  There is the dream:  Here is the phone, I want it to:  Click, click, click....maybe later realize it also does this &lt;click> or don't want that &lt;Delete> surely that's not too terribly hard with all of today's amazing technology.

I have had two of these phones already and both of them have had issues.Shared between them is a horrible phone signal for calls and 4G.  I know this because I also have a Samsung Vibrant, which (switching chips between) consistently has more bars, doesn't drop calls, and can keep a constant 4G signal.But the terrible reception isn't the bulk of this phone's problems.  The first of the two phones I had would randomly reboot at any time.  This seems to be related to the other issue where, while charging, it would lock the phone into a black screen and the ONLY way to wake it up was to TAKE OUT THE BATTERY.  Google it or read other reviews if you don't believe me!The SECOND phone I got after returning the first phone came with a defective light under the home button (which gave it a blue hue) and a black color bleed!  This could be seen whenever the screen was black during a movie and was obviously a sign of poor manufacturing.Honestly, on paper the technology behind this phone is awesome, but the manufacturing by LG is just HORRIBLE.  They obviously cut corners, and the amount of mixed reviews is a sure sign of that.Also beware that you may no even notice all these problems within t-mobile's 20 day "buyers remorse" period, which means that they won't refund you your upgrade so you're stuck with this phone! (Amazon does have a one-time exchange policy, but I had already used it to return my G2 for this "better" phone.  I should of kept the G2!)

WARNING - WARNING -WARNINGUnlimited date is not truly unlimited data. T mobile was not forth coming in disclosing this issue with me when I purchased the phone in the store, nor on any of their store displays or documentation. My in store contact does not mention on any 5 GB limitation of their data plan. Once the 5 GB data limitation is reached, T Mobile slows down to about 60 kb which makes receiving e mail attachments and streaming close to impossible. I ended up with a phone that is useless till my next billing cycle. T mobile customer service was extremely un corporative and hung up on me.  The phone itself has no battery power. It drains after 6 hours of idle and 50 minutes of internet use.

I think this is a great device as a portable computer. Unfortunately as a phone it just does not perform.This device has terrible reception, and a very definite grip of death issue. I could maybe place calls if I laid the phone on a surface and used the speaker but the moment I held it (however lightly) 2 or 3 bars would vanish.Also in places I used to have regular service before (supermarket, gym, stores) I simply had no service. And what's the point of having all this processing power if you cannot make and receive calls?My wife and I both got this phone from Amazon. Their customer service was great and so was T-Mobile, so it's very disappointing that a badly designed phone let everybody down.This phone also has a serious problem when using Wi-fi networks, in that it loses the DNS settings and can't connect out. You can work around it but it needs to be fixed for the average user.Also, just for testing I put my SIM card in my old flip-phone and I get perfect reception. I'll test some more and update. But the issues in the end may lie 100% with the device.

I wouldn't recommend buying this phone just yet.  As it stands, it's basically unfinished.  In three or four months, once the software has been updated, this may be a great phone.  The problem is, it isn't yet.The hardware is very nice, from the soft-touch maroon back to the slightly-curved glass screen.  It feels very nice in the hand and has a great camera.  Call quality is great and the speaker and speaker-phone are both loud and clear.  The dual-core processor keeps this phone flying.  If this review were based on the hardware alone, this phone would get five stars.But it isn't.This phone ships with Android 2.2, last year's version.  To make matters worse, if you thought you'd be getting a stock Google experience, you were wrong.  T-Mobile added un-removable bloatware (a bunch of games and apps).  Even worse still, the touch sensitivity is awful on this version of the software.  Supposedly an update will fix that and a host of bugs soon, but who knows exactly when?  The touch sensitivity in this version is way too high sometimes and way too low others.Eventually, this may rank with the iPhone, the Droid Incredible, and the Evo as one of the best smartphones in recent memory, but until this thing gets software updates it is dead in the water.

I am all about small factor and aesthetics when it comes to phones. It's the ultimate 21st century accessory. Being a Euro Nokia guy for while, I was holding out to see what Nokia would deliver with their newest line of phones. As much as I like the aesthetics of their line-up, the community around the Nokia phones wasn't anywhere I wanted it to be. With the iPhone, despite the great  exterior design, I couldn't stomach forking over $120+ a month in service fees just to have an Apple. So Android it was.... The problem with most Android phones, however, is that they are UGLY and look like over sized surf boards.This is where the LG G2x comes in. The thing is SEXY and thin. I don't use a phone cover, and get questions about the phone all the time. Moreover, T-mobile has recurring deals where you can get their top tier phones for free. With a deal like that I could not hold out any longer. The honeymoon did not last... Within a month the phone would repeatedly crash, freeze up and would need to have it's battery pulled to restore. I was also traveling for work at the time and it's almost silly riding in a cab with your coworkers, pulling your phone apart to take the battery out because G2x locked up when you tried to check your e-mail.Being a former hardcore geek, I decided to return to my roots by rooting the phone and trying out some custom ROMs. I quickly found out that with Gingerbread 2.3.3 loaded by T-Mobile, rooting the phone requires a bit of trickery. However, I was able to successfully flash my BIOS with Clockwork Recovery and install CyanogenMod 7.1.0.1. The results were night and day. Lo and behold, I had an awesome phone that did EVERYTHING and did it fast (without ever crashing). I ran the Quadrant benchmark app to see what my new score was and, surprisingly, it went from 3018 with the original LG ROM to 2561 with CyanogenMod. I am not sure if this has to do with Quadrant implementation, but despite the "reduced" performance numbers, my phone was blazing in every other aspect.For all you people wanting to tether with G2x, you WIL have issues using PDAnet with Gingerbread 2.3.3. I would constantly get a flapping link. Now that I used CyanogenMod, I can tether without a problem. I even bought this phone for my girlfriend who uses it in her apartment as a wireless hot spot, FLAWLESSLY!!! Amazing!To wrap up a rambling review, get yourself one of these during T-mobile's free phone sale days. Root the thing and install CyanogenMod 7.1.0.1. Enjoy effortless mobile life.P.S.If overhauling your phone seems like too much work, HTC and Samsung tend to have more streamlined devices. And then there is also the iPhone.

I bought this from T-Mobile retail for a much more expensive price - but I am still very happy with this phone...It already has the hardware specifications of what the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4GS may have:Dual Core CPU8 Megapixal Camera recording in 1080pExpandable flash memory up to 32GB...4G is awesome! It is faster than my home and work internet!So far I have not encountered any bugs or lock ups...Plus the phone uses a Micro-HDMI cable output which you can easily find - and it can display what is on the phone screen to your HDTV! Other phones like the Samsung Galaxy S2 and iPhones require a proprietary cable which is much more expensive and harder to find...

The phone may have hardware bells and whistles, but the software spoils it all. It's better to wait and get a mature phone that you know whether it works than to got for the expensive and unreliable bleeding edge.After changing the firmware to cyanogenmod I am happy with the phone. Cyanogenmod is not able to get this phone to have Icecream Sandwich yet. Given that the phones come with tracking soft preinstalled, I will never buy a phone that can't run with cyanogenmod.

I am normally a positive person, so this is my very first negative review...ever.  As always, I got a great discount buying from Amazon, and the phone was delivered ahead of schedule.  I really like Amazon.  Anyway, I opened the box and my T-Mobile G2x looked fantastic!  Upon inspecting the items that came with the device and the device itself, I wasn't happy to see the phone came without headphones and had no LED light for notifications.  Additionally, I didn't like the cheap plastic battery cover.  I would have accepted all that as minor, but the phone itself has serious issues.  It shuts off for no reason, the Bluetooth has glitches, and worst of all the battery dies faster than any phone I've ever had.  Understand, I went from having a beeper to carrying a flip phone and a Palm.  I then purchased almost every smart device made before the iPhone was released.  I never purchased an iPhone because I decided to wait for the "Google Phone" or the "Microsoft Zune Phone."  Finally, the G1 came along.  It was awesome!  It made me love Android.  I then purchased a MyTouch Slide, which was also a great phone.  That said, I know about smart phones and hand held devices.  The G2x is mediocre at best.  Honestly, if this had been the first Android phone I would now have an iPhone 4.  In closing, I'm sending my phone back to Amazon and purchasing either the Samsung Galaxy S2 or the HTC Sensation.  Both will be released by July 2011 through T-Mobile and Amazon...I Hope.T-Mobile G2x 4G Android Phone (T-Mobile)

I was a little concerned after reading some of these reviews, but I haven't experienced any of the problems that other reveiwers have reported. Even after knocking the phone off a table onto a hardwood floor it works perfectly.1. Battery life is terrible in 4G mode. I leave it in 2G most of the time and the battery is great...and its still fast enough for everything I do (email, music streaming, Google Map Navigation).2. This phone now replaces my 3 year old TomTom. I used Google Maps Navigator at the same time as the TomTom as a test and its just as good (as far as I can tell) as  my dedicated GPS device. The volume is a little low, but the screen is clearer and the turn-by-turn voice states the real street names. Updates after making wrong turns were just as fast as the TomTom...and this was all in 2G mode.3. This phone replaces my MP3 player. In addition to my MP3s, I can stream music and run Pandora with no problems in 2G.4. This phone replaces my camera for all but the most important pics. Let's face it, most of our pics are snapshots and this phone does the job.5. This phone replaces my Kindle on short trips. The screen is very clear and is very easy to read from.That's four less gadgets that I have to carry when I travel for business. This is my first smartphone and it's still impressing me every day. I hope that I don't experience any of the problems that the other reviewers had to endure. Maybe they've worked out the manufacturing bugs.Update 7/21/11 --- I just learned today that I can use this phone to easily connect my laptop to the internet (as I'm doing right now). It works with either a USB cable or wirelessly (with a password). So now I can add #6, it replaces my router. I won't really get rid of my home router, but this feature will be very useful when I travel and there is no free wifi available. Apparantly, other carriers charge extra for this service.

had couple of problemfone reboots upon charging...got the fone replaced..other fone has issues with wifi...some times it connects to wifi and sometimes..it doesn't....disappointed...

This phone has great potential. The stats are wonderful; the execution is poor.I have two serious complaints and, apparently, I'm not alone. The unit reboots itself and the screen bleeds. If it was simply a case of my having a lemon, I wouldn't throw this phone under the bus. However, after two more replacements, I experienced similar issues. All one need do is Google or YouTube - G2X bleed or G2X reboot - to find that rebooting and bleeding issues are not uncommon with this device, if even only 20% experience this.What's more, a high-end, dual core, HD unit should have a higher resolution screen or at least a super AMOLED. The G2X has neither.This phone is also stuck on Android 2.2 with never-ending claims of 2.3 coming.If the G2X had a better screen... that didn't bleed... and didn't reboot... and had 2.3, I'd love the phone. Then again, if I had wings, I could fly.When operating properly, the phone is very fast. It's not weighed down with an LG user interface. It's stock Android and very configurable.To T-Mobile's credit, instead of giving customer's a hard time, the company acknowledge the issue and willingly & swiftly replaces the faulty units whilst taking up the quality issues with LG. T-Mobile is handling this issue in a timely, fair & professional manner.If you seek a dual core HD device from T-Mobile, I suggest you wait until June 8th and buy HTC's Sensation 4G. Do a side-by-side comparison on gsmarena. It has a bigger screen with more pixels (qHd). It shoots 1080p at 30fps, instead of G2X's 24fps. It comes with Android 2.3. It has 250 more mb of RAM.

I was excited to receive my g2x, but upon opening the box and powering on I noticed severe backlight bleed on 3 of 4 corners of the lcd screen. So for instance when I had a black image on my phone and went into a dark place, 3 of 4 corners were brighter with almost a halo effect coming from them.I talked to amazon cs, which was superb btw, and was sent another unit. unfortunately this unit also had the same issue, only with 2 of 4 corners.So I ended up sending both back for a full refund. I was really disappointed as I had been waiting for this model to come out for some time. I think after LG gets their quality control back this will be a fine phone. It was everything I wanted, but when paying 500+ for a cellphone, it should be close to perfect.Build quality other than the screen was great, although it is tough to see the softkeys (home, menu, etc) on the bottom of the phone when they are not lit up.Software wise the unit was good, with only occasional stuttering when using very proc intensive applications. I believe these issues will go away when the g2x gets a software update, so no worries there really.Unfortunately, due to the backlight screen issue, I am now patiently waiting for the samsung galaxy s II...

I was concerned by the different reviews I read here. I have not had an issue with the phone - no freezing, no, crashing, etc. The wifi calling is very convenient. Enjoy!

I bought G2X primarily because of the impressive specs and the stock android OS (i would have liked 2.3, but no phones on T-mobile had 2.3 when i bought this). In couple of days, i noticed some major problems with the phone1. Phone heats up almost all the time, at times it is too hot to carry it in your pants pocket. I returned the phone and got a replacement, but the new phone also behaves the same way2. Multiple times, phone wouldn't wake up from sleep. the only way to get it started is to remove the battery and put it back in and switching it on.3. 4G signal is erratic. the same spot on my desk will show 2G, and after some time, it will show 2G.4. WiFi reception is bad. even when it is less than 30 ft from the wireless router, signal strength varies from good to poor (compared to excellent in other devices)5. After setting up the wiFi, one would assume the connection would resume when you get back into the router's range. it doesn't, it keeps going back to using 4G mode. you have to go to settings and re-enable your wifi connection.on the pro side, it is pretty fast, uncluttered barring some t-mobile bloatware, display is good, touch sensitivity is OK (at times, it get erratic). Overall, i am really disappointed with this phone

As a first time Android user, I am very pleased with this phone.It's sleek and simple to use.I recently switched over from a first gen iPhone to this.So for other users like me... don't worry! Sure there are some things that take a little getting used to, but it's not a big deal.I actually had issues with network connectivity. I returned the phone to T-Mobile for another new one.We suspect it was either a defective model... or it was due to a confusion in our plans which were fixed and now all is fine.The Camera on this phone is great! I wasn't expecting much even though it has an 8mp camera but the quality is really good.Getting used to camera controls can take a while.Battery life is good if you don't abuse your device.Lastly, this phone is super fast and has virtually no lag.The only lag I had was trying to upload 2 gigs of video while trying to answer a text. But that lasted for about a few seconds.Overall: Great Phone! Expect Gingerbread upgrade soon!

I have read about some of the other issues that people are having and I've had my phone for 2 weeks and hasn't rebooted once.  It does have a little screen bleeding but nothing really serious (yet).  But it's been pretty good for me. Here is my history of Android device:  Nexus one, Incredible, DX, Captivate, EVO, Thunderbolt and now G2X.  The only one I had for an extended period of time was the EVO.  It was a good phone but battery life killed it for me.  As for the others they didn't impress me at all.  The G2X is the one I have been the most satisfied with and makes me miss my iPhone 4 less.  Nice hardware.  I do wish the screen had better resolution but I knew that before I got the device.  Very good camera, no bloated OEM software, very good battery (at least for me), good form size and not too heavy.  Hopefully gingerbread comes soon and then fixes the rebooting and other performance problems others are having.

Well.. google "G2X Wifi issues" and you will see what I mean. I have data plan from TMobile but at times wifi is much more desirable. After Wifi simply doesnt work. Some sort of DNS issue where you can get to the site using their IP but the URL doesnt work. It will work for a while but then you have to jump through hoops to get wifi working.Stay away.

I have this phone for almost a month now and I haven't had any problem with it. So far, I'm  a very happy and satisfied user. It does pretty much everything that my little laptop would do except print! Battery life is short but so are all the other smart phones I heard about. Still, it lasts a whole day without re-charging, in my case.

This is my second Android phone, my first is a G1. I got the phone about month and half ago, since then I've been very pleased with it. Extremely fast and friendly. I was more surprised by the battery life, it boast a 7 - 15 day standby time. Okay that's really pushing most phones. I have yet to see any phone rather being a smartphone or not have a 15 standby time. I have had at least standby time of at least 24hrs which does beat the G1 12hr standby time that I usually got. This might be because I usually leave on the Data Sync, it's just easier for me. One of the things I love is the HDMI feature, I installed Angry Birds and and watched Diggnation in HD. Very nice clear, and smooth. Using the Camcorder is very friendly with an EXTREMELY bright LED light, and it takes some beautiful HD videos, the only downside I can think about it is that is will only upload the HD video to YouTube when connected to WiFi. The standard Camera is very nice too, but that for that I'll still use my other camera, The only thing that would be nice would be a physical camera button like the G1. Using WiFi on the phone has been hit and miss for me. When it's on Wifi it works great and fast too, but if I'm on T-Mobile's 4G access it does have trouble turning on for some reason. Although that being said the 4G access does seem faster than most of the WiFi spots.

This phone is great, falls right in line with other high-end android phones released this spring/summer....much smoother, faster experience than my older, dated mytouch....great experience with Amazon Mobile...phone arrived 2 days before expected delivery, basically 2 days after i placed the order...activation was as easy as swapping sims. Grrrrreat. Methinks the 3-star raters doth protest too much.

I've owned several phones on several different networks. I am an early adopter. This phone rocks. All the issues I've read about in all the other reviews do not exist for me. It's fast, clean, good amount of stock memory, nice camera and great video camera....This thing is professional through and through.

I have owned a LG G2X for several months now.  In that time I have experienced much of the problems common to message boards and this forum.  I am on my fourth replacement currently.  One issue that seemed to damage the phone immediately for me was plugging in the hdmi and connecting to a tv.  I have tried that on two phones and both locked up as soon as the plug was inserted and then began the rapid battery drain.  Two hours from full charge to shut down, along with incredible heat, over 106F registered on the phone's battery meter.  Sufficed to say, I'm reticent to try that feature again.  The other two phones were plagued with random reboots, screen freezes, gps outages or mis-calculations, and intermittent cell reception.I don't know if the problems are related but I can say I have a minimal amount of apps, most data is stored on external micro sd and I usually close out a program before moving on to the next.  I would love to get rid of this phone but T-Mobile will not allow me to exchange.  I have been told that per the contract they are providing acceptable customer service by simply exchanging my damaged phones for refurbished models in their inventory.Hopefully the newer models are of better quality but I suspect not.  There is a reason this phone was taken off the shelves for several weeks and after only a few months on the market as T Mobile's flagship phone it is buried on their website under some older models with "lesser" specifications.I must say that when it works it is wonderful.  Fast, solid feel, nice display and just the right size for me.  But because of the issues I've had I could not recommend this phone.

This is easily one of the best phones on the market currently.  It's running mostly stock Android (LG replaced the camera app and there's a decent amount of bloatware [see below]), blazing fast (dual-core, faster than the Atrix), with 4G connectivity, all topped off with a very nice IPS display.  What you might not like is the form factor, but that's really a personal preference.  If you're on T-Mobile and you don't need a keyboard (G2) then this is clearly the winner.What's not to like, from a more objective standpoint, is what's done in replacement of stock Android.  For instance the camera app is a bit clunky and feels undone.  Secondly that bloatware (AppPack, NFS SHIFT, Highlight, T-Mobile Mall, TeleNav GPS, T-Mboile TV, T-Mobile chat/Qik, ETC) can't all be removed easily.  This is what I assume is to blame for the unit not shipping with the latest version of Android (2.3/Gingerbread).  These are the things that keep it from being perfect IMO.  Hopefully with time it will get updated to 2.3 (T-Mobile recently said "Soon") and the software bugs will get worked out with the camera.  The bloatware can be hidden somewhat, so it's not a huge deal.One thing to note: some reviews have complained about the screen quality, that is to say that the resolution isn't higher (e.g. qHD).  It's a personal preference somewhat, but I'm actually glad they didn't use it, it adds weird sub-pixeling when viewed close up.  The IPS screen will get washed out in direct sunlight though, but I think it's worth how nice the screen looks indoors.Overall, it's a great phone and it's likely to stay competitive for the next year or so.  If anything the software isn't ready for the hardware, but that will be fixed in time and it gives the impression the phone has a lot of room to grow and really impress.

What a great phone this is.Every thing that I saw on youtube about this phone was included, which is great.-The size, weight and look is great-Softwear, speed, and gaming work smooth-The battery is ok, but its because all the google apps I dont even use, and I don't know how to get rid of it -_-I usualy get phones that suits me, and this phone is my touch.

When I first got the LG G2x I was really excited. My first smartphone!  This excitement was soon muffled by the many issues this phone has.  The first I noticed was the battery life. After being fully charged, the battery would barely last for 4 or 5 hours no matter if in standby or in use, the battery life seemed to be about the same.  I did some research and found that doing a factory reset after letting the battery totally diecould fix these problems.  It did help a little. My battery now would last 6-7 hours on a charge.  This didn't seem too bad compared to what I had gotten used to.  The next issue I ran into was the phone freezing up. Shortlyafter removing from the charger, the phone's screen would just go black and the only way to turn it back on was to open up the flimsy back panel and remove and reinstall the battery.  After this happened, I went in to my local T-Mobile store and asked them about my battery life/freezing.  They told me the problemwas with my apps being on the phone instead of my external SD card and said it was bogging down my phone.  This still doesn't make any sense to me. I would think it would be better to have them stored on the phone. I went ahead and move all my apps over to the SD card.  I didn't notice any difference.  I didseem to notice that running down the battery and charging fully greatly improves battery life.  So every night I got used to playing a graphics heavy game such as the preinstalled Need for Speed Shift to run the battery down.  The G2X did play thegame effortlessly with the dual core Tegra mobile processor.  Just as I became satisfied by how the phone was working, it decided to act silly again. Shortly after removing it from the charger after being fully charger, it froze up again.  This time, when I reinstalled the battery and turned the phone back on, the battery wasalready down to 62%.  This was less than 30 minutes after being fully charged. I took another visit down to my local T-Mobile store and this time they told me that there have been several issues with these phones but they were out so couldn't give me a new one right now.  They also told me a "second batch" was supposed to be soon and I decided to wait.  The phone continued doing the same thing.  Freezing up 2-3 times a week.  Again, I was starting to get used to the phone and like it a little more.  This was until my last BIG issue.  While at work, I looked at my phone to check the time.  For some reason, the white LG loading screen was showing.  I thought tomyself, "I must have accidentally turned it off in my pocket and when I pushed the sleep button it just turned back on."  This wasn't the case.  I looked back at it in about a minute after it should have loaded up and it was on the same screen.  I removed the battery and reinstalled it, something I had got used to doing with this phone. But,when I turned it on it just went from the white screen with LG to the next loading screen then right back to the LG screen.  It was stuck in a boot loop. The only way to fix this was to once again factory reset my G2x by holding the volume down and power buttons. I went in to T-Mobile the next day to see about getting it replaced.  They said I had to have my original receipt and they would give me their last new one in stock that they had been saving back. I told them I would just come back tomorrow. When I got there the next day, they looked for the phone and couldn't find it. A new employee had just given my phone to a different customer. They did some calling around and found a store in the state that had one in stock. They were to overnight the phone to my store. I went back the next day to pick it up and was told they sent the wrong phone. By now I was getting frustrated and had noticed the a new phone on the display that caught my eye, the HTC Sensation 4G. I asked if it would be possible to get the HTC and after calling the manager they said that is exactly what they want to do for me.  The HTC is the best phone I have ever had. The battery last TWICE as long as that of the LG's and would go for probably a week in standby.  I went back to T-Mobile to thank them for what they did and how they worked with me.  They told me the G2x has been pulled from every T-Mobile store due to quality control issues and that about 9 out of 10 had a problem of some sort.  The G2x was a really great phone when it worked like it should. I can't recommend that anyone get the G2x until they fix these issues.  However, I would recommend the Sensation to everyone see.

I think this is the best phone for T-Mobile. This phone has so much potential but it does have it's fair share of bugs.Some Specs:Audio Playback: MP3, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, WAV, MIDIVideo Playback: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, WMVBluetooth & USB Bluetooth v2.1 EDR & v2.0 micro USBWLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, DLNABattery Type: Li-Ion 1500 mAh Standard batteryStandby Time: Up to 400 hoursTalk Time: Up to 7 hours 50 minPros:- Very fast device. No lag so far, every application works smoothly.- Tegra 2 device. Powerful, can play HD videos with no problem, can play HD games from the TegraZone (which looks really nice but is expensive).- 8 MP rear camera. Can shoot 1080P videos but the problem is the format is .3gp- DLNA support. Have yet to test it out since I have no compatible DLNA clients (Xbox 360 doesn't work, or I don't know how to set it up to work).- HDMI output. Works flawlessly and seamlessly. Just plug it in and the screen is mirrored 100%. I would say this is one of the best features of the phone.- Front-facing camera (1.3 MP). Works as expected. A little grainy but better than the iPod Touch 4G's VGA front facing camera.- 3.5mm headphone jack- Speaker grills on the bottom of the phone. Sounds great in my opinion. I don't use it too much and it's good enough for me.- Video Player can be played trough the HDMI.- Camera application is GREAT on this phone. LG put their own version of camera in it with SO many more features than the stock android camera app. You can actually turn off the shutter sound!!- Has LED FlashCons:- No dedicated Camera button. Not a big deal but I would personally like one.- Bundled with T-mobile crapware like  T-Mobilized version of Qik and also NFS Shift- Battery life is abysmal on this phone. I have yet to get a full day's use on this phone. It runs out in like 5-6 hours depending on how you use it.- Reception is horrible on this phone. Every phone I had so far had much better reception than this phone. The internal antennae is below the battery. Would lose reception ALOT- Does not come bundled with micro-HDMI cable.- Random reboots- Wifi sometimes can't turn back on- Still on Android 2.2 Froyo- Not much community support on this device compared to the Nexus One/S. There are Cyanogenmod nightlies but no official releaseIn short, if you want a phone for a phone, this might not be the best choice (bad reception, bad battery life) but if you want a media phone that can handle games really wellthen this phone is right for you. If they made this phone's battery life better, then I guess every other con might be worth it. I just hope 2.3 comes out for this device.

Don't bother. The reviews on here are not accurate, look on ANY OTHER SITE! It is the worst thing I have ever owned. It's like they cut corners on everything except the fact that it has gorilla glass. I will never buy or support an LG product ever because the don't support their products after they leave the store. Daily battery pulls and restarts are common for me. I have had this brick from the day it came out.

All in all, I just love this phone.The only gripe I've had so far is that the LED flash is waaay too bright. Any time you take a picture of people, their faces look as if you had shone a big, bright spotlight on them. My fix for this problem was quite low-tech, but it worked: I carefully cut two dot-shaped pieces of Scotch tape and stuck them one over the other on top of the flash. Now the light that comes out is more subdued, so faces can keep their natural flesh tones.

I'll keep this short and simple.Pro: This is one great phone. Fast, strong, easy to use. Great screen and scrolling capabilities.Con: The Bloatware. The phone comes preloaded with games and apps you'll never use and want to get rid of. But you can't. You just can't uninstall them. These apps are constantly running in the background and sucking your battery life. In order to have them not running you basically have to shut off auto sync to every app and then turn them all back on when you want to check, say, your email. I left this morning with 100% battery and within two hours I was at 65%. All this because, even though I live in New York City and don't drive, the Car Home, App Pak, Qik Video and Wifi apps were constantly running (along with the preinstalled games that I haven't used once). It's irritating beyond words.

The phone is much better after rooting.Overall, the phone is completely underrated, atleast the way people on amazon are reviewing it.Apps on Android are still in its infant stage, however thats an android issue, not a phone issue.I love it and am going to keep it.Pros: Very responsive. Everything just flies. Beautiful screen. Android.Cons: battery life is a bit poor. Android dialer sucks. Lots of tmobile junk.

I enjoyed this phone running stock Froyo and I absolutely love it running a custom Rom.  It is lightning fast and smooth with EaglesBlood 1.05, Ultimate 1.0 and Nexus AOSP, the latter being the latest Gingerbread leak.For all the talk about issues I have seen none of them.  My screen is perfect and the phone never reboots.  Again, I have it customized away from Stock.  Go to XDA Developers Forum and learn how to get the most out of your device.

The phone has three big faults.1. The Wifi data connection is buggy. When it works, it works great. But on occasion, it will stop sending or receiving data even though there are full bars of Wifi indicated. It doesn't matter if you turn it off, pull the battery or reboot. The device will not transfer data. Apps will assume it's disconnected. T-mobile suggested you turn on the Advanced Wifi shutoff setting to "Never". This seems to work but I imagine it kills battery life.2. The phone I had will randomly reboot like once a day. No advanced warning. It just reboots.3. The GPU, when running a 3D game, will run down your battery fast. Keep the phone charging when you play a game.Minor nitpicks1. The screen bleeds light at the edges near the back-light.2. The battery and back cover can get really hot when you charge the phone.3. The mini-HDMI port was loose fitting when I plugged a cable. I could never get a snug fit and thus the video signal could never stay connected consistently. Holding the phone in your hand with the HDMI cable connected would probably break the connection more often than not. I would have to fidget with the cable and port until the signal locked. I was hoping to play games with it connected or maybe watch a movie but this is extremely frustrating. LG needs to get on-board with MHL video port technology like Samsung and HTC.The good1. The dual core Tegra CPU is fast. I only saw lag with Firefox for Android which is still kind of beta software.2. The GPU can play 1080p videos well. High end Tegra-based games look great.3. The camera records 1080p video easily. Stills are high resolution at 8 megapixels. There's no option for RAW and JPG artifacts are visible up close. The custom LG photo application is better than the stock Android camera app. It can easily be fooled by bright sunlight against dark shadows. It can do panoramas! Picture to picture stills are too slow -- up to 3 seconds! You have to put it in continuous mode. Why do you need this mode? Still must be shot at the speed of the person's taps! LG needs to add an HDR mode.4. T-Mobile 4G in NYC is around 2-3 Mbps down, 1 Mbps up.Overall, I think this phone is a victim of bad quality control at LG and T-Mobile. This phone has great potential.I have returned the phone and hope LG will learn their lesson about quality control!

I have used it for 20 days now.In short the problems which i faced in last 20 days1. Missing calls - sometimes when people call you it wont even ring., directly it will go to voice mailbox.2. Deadliest problem with this mobile: DNS issue. i.e you cannot use only WIFI, if your t-mobile data is disabled. This problem is the most annoying one. Cos i dont wanna waste my data plan when i am at home, rather i would like to use WIFI.3. If you want unlock it and use it with At & T 3G network --- not possible.So i am gonna return the mobile and probably try some other mobile.Hope the t- mobile rectifies them soon.

This phone is sexy, has a sweet beveled glass screen, 4G network that was just upgraded to 45Mbs, and a screaming fast dual core processor...When it's not freezing up or randomly rebooting it's the best Google experience phone hands down. The call quality is quite good on my device, and anyone who has owned a 4G phone before will be used to the abysmal battery performance, but I've gone through two of these phones now and while I believe in second chances I don't grant thirds. My first phone failed spectacularly. After many freezes it got stuck in a boot loop, that finally resulted in the phone coming back completely whipped of all data including all of my pictures from a trip to Chicago. The fact that this phone stores photos on the internal memory is a huge design fail. My second device is now experiencing freezes and random reboots, and will not stay connected or paired via bluetooth to my PC. It pains me to have to request a refund. I want to love this phone and hopefully it will get better with the Gingerbread update, but I just can't live with it, and I can't wait that long (who knows how long it will be?).

The pros: The LG G2x is indeed a nice piece of hardware. It feels solid, has a really clean design, and is very, very fast. It also runs plain vanilla Android... or does it?The cons: Yes, the OS is stock Android, but it also comes with a load of useless programs that are incredibly invasive when it comes to your privacy, drain the battery, and that CANNOT be uninstalled, unless you want to root the phone (which of course voids the warranty).Don't waste your money on purchasing a phone that you don't really own: it is property of T-Mobile and they seem to tell you what you can and cannot do with it. I'm returning it first thing tomorrow.

I bought this phone about two weeks ago. i read reviews on it on c net and other gadget websites and they all gave it great reviews. That's why I bought it. A few days later after i ordered it, i read forums and people were complaining about this phone. So I was having second thoughts about the g2x.i finally received the phone last week. I have to say that at first i was going to return the phone.But now I have grown to love it. It is one fast phone!!My phone has not had any reboots as some other people and is working fine.(knock on wood).To me, not all the phones are defective, maybe some. People are waiting on the upgrade.My only concern was the battery life, but there is ways to get around that issue. Task killer is a must and you have watch out for running apps in the background. I also turn off my 4g when im not using it. I think people are probably afraid to buy this phone because of all the negative feedback, but I took a risk and Im enjoying it very much.

I realize that there ARE some issues that some people are having with this phone, and that shouldn't be ignored. However, the phone I have doesn't seem to have any, so hopefully QA is picking up, and if you have one that DOES have those issues, you should be able to return it for a replacement. My phone doesn't reboot or have a screen that leaks light, and my review is based solely on MY experience.As far as bloatware goes, there's some, but not too much. The included games are fun, and the interface is about as close to stock android as you're likely to come across on a non-rooted phone. It lets you sideload apps from your SD card, which is also a nice feature.The interface is fast and clean, and while I'm perfectly happy with Froyo, supposedly the Gingerbread update is coming this week. The voice controls work excellently, I've had no problems with wifi or bluetooth, though at times the battery DOES seem to run down rather quickly. A spare battery and a handy charging cord are must-have accessories for this phone, especially if you're using a GPS app. The Gorilla glass with beveled edges is a nice touch, and while you probably don't need it, it came with a screen protector installed.Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the phone, both performance wise (for apps) and performance wise as a phone.

Phone is great and Amazon Wireless Store is even Better.I purchased the phone online from Amazon Wireless (first time to do that).  The phone came with a faulty battery or something like that.  The phone would just shut it's self down all the time.  I called Amazon Wireless told them the problem and they shipped me a new phone and battery out that day with next day shipping.  I received the new phone and charged it over night before even turning it on. I've had the phone for about a month now and it is a great phone.  Very fast and when its on the 4g network it blazes thru the web.  My previous phone was the G1 and this phone is easily 10 times the phone.  There is some stupid software installed but, i'm able to overlook that.  The battery is not great, but it is powering a 4" screen and 4g network.  I wanted a pure android experience like the G1 and this phone delivers for the most part. The camera runs LG software which is extremely nice compared to the stock android software.I'm a huge fan of the "G" series from T-Mobile and this phone does not disappointed.

Switched to this phone from AT&T; and Blackberry Bold.  Love the speed, the feel, the screen, and ease to configure email.Hate the signature that T-Mobile has baked into the base Android mail program, you cannot get rid of it (minus physically going and removing it on each email you send).  They claim a fix is coming (been hearing that for 3 weeks, still nothing), but that's really not the phone, it's the carrier so I can't deduct a star for that.What I can deduct a star for is Bluetooth connectivity with Sync.  It paired instantly the first time and worked great for a day or so.  They it would suddenly forget the pairing (you could go into BT connection and where it used to show Sync, there was nothing).  Most of the time a phone reboot would solve this, but 2x now I've had to remove the device from Sync in my car, then have Sync generate a new PIN so I could re-add it.  Very annoying!  I NEVER had this issue with the Blackberry.  Hoping the Gingerbread release due this month will solve that, as well as the signature issue!Great phone otherwise, have only dropped one call (vs. my daily 2-3 drops on AT&T;) and call quality is great!

I had this for couple of days and below is my experience with the phone I would like to share:Pros:Phone looks nice, sleek and fast. No locks out so far but I did notice now and then dropped calls sometimes need to play around for few more days.Cons:Not recomennded if you have multiple  email accounts as the refresh of mail accounts is every one hour max so the phone tries to look for new mail every hour which drains the battery pretty fast and if GPS is turned on forget about the battery life. I wish the manufacturer has thought about this simple thing seriously and gave us an option to refresh like 3 or 4hours like every phone does.Very bad on their part.I have to admit lot of users may not be using multiple accounts if you do then I would recommend my Touch 4G from my personal experience.Camera says 8MP I am not sure if it is really capable of it.No headphones provided with the phone very bad, are you kidding me every other manufacturer will plan to do this.

I currently have a nexus one, and I've been searching for a vanilla android upgrade. Nexus s wasn't enough of a performance increase to bother with, so I was ecstatic to see the g2x. First impressions were great until 5 minutes in when I got my first of many reboots. I figure that's not the biggest issue ever, they do software updates, right?So then I open some of the nvidia games, only to notice on loading screens and any picture that's darker is washed out... so I look online... turns out the g2x has backlight bleed issues. So as suggested I installed the draw! app and sure enough all 4 corners are bleeding. Not just in a dark room, but in my living room in mid day with the lights on. So i exchange it. New one has the same issue. Exchange again, worst issue.So now I ask the manager to let me check them before walking out. Upon inspecting 20+ devices over 3 shipments, I've discovered all of them have varying levels of backlight bleed. T-Mobile was fine with me continuing to check devices, but I gave up.So I started a thread on lgs forum about it. 3 weeks later still no response from LG. Reps act like they never heard of the issue, and now they're telling customers the backlight bleed will NOT be covered under the manufacturer warranty because it does not impeed the use of the phone.If you're in the market for a $500 superphone, stay away from the g2x and LG in general. Just check out the issues ipad 2 has had with their displays. LG doesn't support their products or their customers. Oh and this isn't a new issue. Optimus 2x was out in January in Europe and had the same display issues. LG can't or won't rectify this situation.Oh, plus the T-Mobile bloatware remains open no matter what. Even if you kill the process the app still reopens and drains the battery all day.Wait for the sensation, galaxy s2 or the Droid bionic or any other dual core coming up, but steer clear of LG.

so i ordered my phone wednesday morning and received the phone on thursday which was great since it was so fast. i was so excited. i downloaded a couple of apps and besides that only texted (since i've only had it for two days) but this morning, saturday i was texting and then all of a sudden i had no signal. my phone turned off and then back on. then it turned right off again. i cant turn it on. i went to tmobile and they switched the battery and that didnt work either. so they said its the phone not the battery. its a GREAT phone. it did turn off a couple of times thursday (but tmobile says its normal for the phones to tutn off like that every now and then). and i had to take out the battery and put it back in to turn it on. friday it only turned off once so i did the same thing with the battery and today, saturday, taking out the battery like i've been doing hasn't worked. called customer service and they apologized. said they will send me another monday. i hope the next one works.. i really did love the phone and everyone was impressed with it too. ill make another review when the next one comes in.

I didn't buy this phone through Amazon. I bought this off of EBay and for a cheaper price. When I first got this phone it was working fine, but it had some minor issues. This phone on paper can kill the Iphone, but LG needs to get off the ass and fix the problems. I just rooted my phone with a stable rom off of XDA site and it works fine except with a few minor glitches of the bluetooth controls. The reception of my phone is pretty decent, but the data sometimes loses connection which might be the rooted software.

I bought the LG G2x phone after reading reviews from multiple sites and reading the specs like everyone else and was floored by the "everything but the kitchen sink" approach.So, I am somewhat surprised to not see any reveiws that criticize the comms (communication features) of this phone.But after spending about 3 weeks with it (my wife also got one after having a Samsung Eternity which had good reliability but poor UI), I became somewhat disenchanted. The G2x performs like a champ, it is a great phone for multimedia. It is super fast (measuring 1.7Mbps over 4G on speedtest.net/ 5.5mbps over WiFi at home in Sacramento area). And the screen looks great. And it has so many bells and whistles. But the Comms on this phone leave something to be desired.PROS:* Fast Performance, good multi-processing.* Pretty fast 4g (1.7Mpbs), ridiculous WiFi speed (5-6Mbps)* Really great GPS.* Mediocre Battery life (about 1 day w/ medium use).CONS:* The 4G connection does not always connect in areas where I know I get a 4G signal (not T-Mobile's fault). I have to reboot (Power on/off) to get 4G to come back again.* Bluetooth does not always connect even when it is already paired to a device.* Both of our phones have refused to connect inside buildings many times to either the phone or data.* The phone connection itself is pretty solid but signal fluctuates back and forth sometimes.So, to wrap this review up, I have to say that the G2x is great as a mobile computer, pretty good as a phone (except for inside buildings), and unreliable as a communications device. I come from a iPhone world where you do not realize that the reliability of Apple's hardware is top-notch. It's usually the network that lacks (AT&T;). Also if you are going to make the leap from Apple to Android, realize that the Android world is more complicated and has more features to mess with. Good for techies, bad for non-techies.If you want your phone to be reliable and want Android, you may want to go for something like the G1 or Samsung Galaxy S 4g w/ T-Mobile or go to one of the other networks for a good 4G phone. But if you want blazing fast computer-like performance on a phone, this is it!

The main reason for the harsh review is that this phone has very poor reception, making it almost useless as a phone.  It was so bad I returned the first one, but the second one has the same poor reception AND can't access the internet on Wifi.  I can connect to protected and open Wifi access points, but most of the time the phone can't access the internet.  When it does work, it only works for a couple of minutes.  For a dual core phone, it feels no faster than the G2 it has replaced.  I thought the G series were supposed to be clean stock android, but apparently T-mobile has decided to pre-install lots of useless crap applications on this phone that cannot be uninstalled.Likes:Nice screenGood graphicsLoud speaker phoneDislikes:Poor reception for voice and dataUnable to access the internet on WifiPoor quality controlDistorted speaker phone at high volume using stock ringtonesPoor picture quality from the 8 MP cameraCan't use the volume switch to go from silent to vibrateToo much crap pre-installed
