
This is an inexpensive phone. However, the retailer is more than reasonable. If your just looking for a simple phone. This is it!!

When I purchased this phone I thought it was larger but when I got it I saw the small screen & tiny buttons & didn't like it for that reason. I then purchased the Motorola Razor flip phone & that was a joke as I stated in my previous e-mail to you. cfd562003@yahoo.com

broke a good phone, so needed to replace.this is a very very basic phone. it doid work fine, and was cheaper than a car charger.

Well, got this phone and then got the prepaid "GO" plan with AT&A.  Save so much on those unnecessary phone plan and data plan.  Back to the basic.

In todays world were there is many different phones to choose from and many of those phones have fancy features such as internet and such this phone is a beacon in the darkness. For one i know myself and other get frustrated with the short battery life of phones these days, well as an eye opener this phone holds its charge for a miraculous 4 Days. While there may be no camera this phone is well worth the loss. If you are still determined to have internet on your phone ATT offers a plan for $10 giving you unlimited data, even better than expensive smartphones. This is the phone that you want to have if you are a senior there is nothing complicated about this phone if myself who is a techno dinosaur have figured out how to sent and receive a text message. Overall i wouldn't trade this phone for an iPhone or any other smartphone....ever.

it was described incorrectly in the description. I bought it and never used it. I was eligible for returning it but time got away with me and I never returned it.

The pic on the website of the phone is so diff from what we got...the phone we got had AT&T all over it and when turned on has AT&T software...none of this is described on the on the website...the phone is LOCKED not UNLOCKED. Amazon Customer Service was helpful but couldnt do much besides offering to send a replacement. BREED Customer Service is the so rude. Will never buy from this SELLER again.

I have a Samsung cell phone which is a lemon, I however have very good experience with all my Samsung products, so I gave another try on this Samsung phone.Since it is an unlocked phone I remove the SIM card from the other phone and insert it into this one. And it does work very well.  The phone is very simple, perhaps too simple for some, but highly reliable, for the price it is an excellent purchase.

Got mine for $15 from AT&T.  Truly an obnoxious phone.  Not user friendly -- nothing is easy on this phone.  Simple functions require many key taps.  Menus not intuitive. No way to make ring tone softer or louder.  No way to make your callers voice louder or softer. Sound quality isn't good.  The little cover to the re-charging receptable is extremely flimsy.  I don't text or connect to the internet, so I cannot evaluate those functions. This phone has a gazillion software functions... tip calculator, hold function, etc., etc, but they are very poorly organized and the hardware is crap.

First off let me thank "videomusicsale" for the fast shipping and complete and clear description of what they are selling.This phone, the Samsung A107 (SCH-A107) is a very basic cell phone. Keep this in mind and you will actually be happy with it.The reason I bought one is where I work cellphones with cameras are prohibited and wearing a pouch or case on your hip is asking for trouble... both from management and from the work environment. I needed a pocket phone.The A107 is sleek and smooth. It has no external buttons. None, not a single operator control is exposed to the contents of your pocket when the phone is closed. This is great for that reason but lends it's self to other problems. There are no operator controls other than the numeric pad, joy-pad w/center button, an "option" and a "select" key and the required keys for starting and ending a call. There is a tethered cover for the charging port. The charging port is way more complicated a connector than can be imagined, seems like there's a hundred smaller plugs and sockets Samsung could have used. Makes charging into a moment of focused struggle at the end of the day.There are no volume control keys and no way to quickly silence the phone. Opening the flip and pressing something is the only way. This requires you to be cautious of how you have the phone configured when you are in the manager-rich environment of work. I use my phone only to advise me of someone trying to contact me.The phone is easy to configure, perhaps a little laborious in doing so due to the limited user interface but most features are simple enough to figure-out without even using the manual. The manual is still in it's wrapper in my desk :)I'm still trying to get it to allow me to manually input the APN information for T-Mobile as it's trying to be an A T & T phone and all the APN info is set to Cingular.comIf I never figure this out it will not be a problem, I have way-way better devices for web surfing than the postage stamp display on the A107.This is a good cheap phone for carrying in your pocket.Update: The phone has survived a week at work including a few drops and a close pass with a very powerful magnetic source. Unusual conditions for sure but so far this little phone is surviving like a trooper! I dulled-down the finish on the front and shaved the few small sharp edges and the little bump on the battery cover. It looks and feels like a small stone in your pocket. The software is limited and there's some "missing" features I would like to have, but I'm spoiled by Palm-OS and my Sharp Sidekick. I would love to have some way to attach the phone to my iMac for transferring address and calendar information.October 13th, 2012 Update:I have tried to "replace" this phone with several other inexpensive phones and so far have failed.The list of phones are as follows:Samsung Rugby (1st version) - Arrived with a bad hinge and failed soon after. Too bad.Pantech C520 - Quirky user interface, BAD AT&T; "infection" and crummy charging port cover. Otherwise Ok.LG GS170 (T-Mobile) - Nasty case, gets dirty FAST, useless 4-way pad flat with no bumps or backlight.For now I'm returning to using the A107 for daily carry and my old Palm Treo 680 on Weekends.

The phone works great, looks good and price was affordable. Easy to use and it's compact size makes it practical to carry in your pat pocket/shirt.

I bought this phone to use with t-mobile cause it was unlocked. But it didn't come unlocked. Now I am in the process of getting the unlock code from the seller through email.  However, they were very willing to help and are very nice.  That is why I am giving it a five star. Even though there was a mistake, they are so kind and willing to fix it.  Hopefully now they will make sure that problem doesn't happen again.

All I do is talk and text. I am a bit careless and the phone has already gotten dropped on the ground a few times. But the battery lasts 3 days and the phone withstands my careless handling.  Not more I could ask for.

I received this phone sooner then exspected. i dont know what some of these other people are talking about saying its not unlocked,mine was. I did have to call the company about the phone once and they were very helpful. A good buy if you need to replace the good phone that u broke like i did untill the new one comes.

I bought this phone to use abroad and was upset to find that either it is not 'unlocked' or there is some other reason I cannot use any other SIM card but an American one with it.  Now I am stuck with it and it is useless.  I maybe should have asked more questions before I left the country or bought it from a person other than a website.  I am very unhappy at the moment with this product.

bought this as a gift for a friend in India and found out that it works only with AT&T network whch is not available at Ambernath,Mumbai.Would not recommend this phone.

I didn't manage to use this phone with not AT&T sim. When I started to scan available networks every time get 0 results. After looking in forums I understand that the phone is actually locked. In addition, since I bought the phone in Amazon.com LLC I even can not ask the technical question, why the question is locked.

After several attempts to buy a phone, I finally found one that works.  I would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a basic working cell phone.

This phone is in great condition.Since I received it and turned it on ,It has worked great.Also Amazon made this purchase as easy as possible.Thank You.!!!

pohone was not unlocked as stated.havn't been able to use phone till able to unlock will give another review when I do.

Phone works fine but charger worked once and died a slow death charging the phone less and less for a week till it compleatly died. Needed the phone badly so purchased a high price charger at the local at#t store. Did not contact the company i purchased the phone from as did not have time to wait for another charger to arrive and charge the battery. Phone came on time and as i said works just fine.

I bought this phone from Amazon seller "shannon marie" and it is neither new, nor is it unlocked.  Wanted to use it on T-mobile, but the phone I got is locked to AT&T.

Phone should have being unlocked but it was not could not be used any where where you should used phones unlocked really dis sattifiedthis phone was no good to me it cannot used where i wanted it to used  i waisted my money.

I puirchased these phones as an unlocked to use out of the country. They will not work with 900 1800 frequency.  I am returning them. I like it but not for me here.. "Amazon Verified Purchase,"

I bought this for my 77 yr old dad who doesn't text or get emails or anything, all he wants to do is call people when he's on the farm and needs something. It has BIG numbers for his large fingers so it is just right for him.

This product, which was purchased for use by a middle age woman, does not work as advertised. It lacks functionability, and is difficult to handle due to its size. It looked excellent when I ordered it, but in reality, was not within our expectations.

Its been a pain to deal with all the data from my cellular plan, and this was a good choice to replace it. At first i was alittle sad when i saw it, but after using it for a couple of days, i started loving it. Its hard to text with it, and no buttons outside the dial pad, like no volume buttons or anything around it.

very good phone for the money... small comfy and everything on it is very clear and easy to use :

Buyer beware!  What is advertised might not be what you get.  The phone that I received was not unlocked.  (Your mileage may vary.)  No idea how well the phone works, because it doesn't for me.

If there was a lower star then 1 I sure would have given it a lower rating. It said an unlocked  phone and it only works for AT&T, which is no good for Verizon

It worked for 3 days and then it stopped working. I bought it for my mom and she has t-mobile -this is suppose to be an unlock phone;however, she cannot make calls with it after 3 days of usage. Please avoid this phone is you are a t-mobile customer .

This is a great phone if you need it just to get to the end of your contract. It was super easy to set up, and it was brand new. Totally worth it. It can be a little bit of a pain because the settings are kind of hard to maneuver but over all it's a great working phone.  Thanks alot.

This item arrived promptly (thanks to Amazon fulfillment hence the one star rating). Phone is cheap plastic, locked to AT&T. Seller is a false advertiser. Should have been more careful and heeded the reviews here. Please do not waste your money or time.

Not a great buy.  Volume does not produce enough that you can hear in a car.If you really want this phone save money and just buy an AT&T; iGo  They are the same phone and cost less.

It's exactly as described and worked fine with my AT&T plan.  My mother does not like the touch phones so this was perfect!

Does exactly what I need. Makes phone calls and has a good battery life. Good value. Easy to carry, lightweight and sleek.

I know this is a very nice basic phone, that's why I want to buy a new one. Is their anybody here knows if i can use this phone using simple mobile simcard? Please your respond will be much appreciated I just want to know before purchasing. Thanks a lot! ^_^

I read a couple of reviews from users who mentioned this cellphone "is not unlocked" or "didn't/wouldn't work worldwide".Before I purchased the phone, first thing I did was to check up the technical "specs" on Samsung's website, where I found out this device has a dual band support only: GSM 850 and 1900Mhz, I made sure to go to my available cellphone carries' website and get accurate information whether the phone will work with these networks or not.Item arrived in excellent condition; As published in Amazon it's a brand new unlocked device.I immediately placed an unused/unactivated SIM card from an international phone carrier (Telcel) and it worked at perfection, then I switched to another carrier's SIM card this time Movistar and wow! it worked excellent!Not forget to mention package includes: charger, battery (fully charged) a couple of booklets and some paper stuff.To understand (and maximize) the full functionallity on the phone I highly recommed to read the instructions booklet (owner's manual)... not that complicated to use but has different features compared to those previous devices I've owned.This purchase was a very good deal!

I use this with Pure Talk service for $10 per month. Have had it quite awhile, easy to use keeps a charge a long time. Just used for talking and texting, nothing else.

Bought this phone to keep a line active on my ATT account so I could use the upgrade to that line to get a new phone for my line. This phone is used for the 'house' line since we dont have a hard line phone in the house. Good quality for what it is and works well for a home phone. Worth the money.

I've had one of these for almost a year now. All in all, not a bad phone for those with low expectations, who just want to make calls and send the rare text message.Call quality is mediocre but acceptable; the speakerphone consistently leaves callers on the other end complaining.Reception is also so-so; this phone drops calls routinely in our basement, on the AT&T; network. Outdoors or near windows, reception is usually OK.My phone's hinges wore out when I got sand in it. Battery life is excellent--probably about five days mostly on standby, with short calls here and there.One cool feature: Among the included ringtones is a swing/jazz tune that's hilarious.Also, the SAR is among the lowest of all phones. I don't recall what the number is, but it's super low.Fits easily in the pocket.The UI is weird; there is no way to quickly silence the phone without going into the audio profiles.It's not the greatest phone ever made, but it's simple and easy and a pretty dependable temporary phone.

I put my SIM card in the phone it kept saying wrong SIM card. I called the customer service and I even email them but they never get back at me to try to fix the phone. I'm still waiting.

Its just so easy to use,.somewhat delicate so it has to handled with care, which could be overcome with a leather cover.

I am totally satisfied with my phone. I don't need or want all the fancy stuff just to make a call and take a call.This phone fits my needs great .Thanks

I ordered this phone as a backup, in case something happens to the phone I got for "free" with my At&t; contract. I also wanted a go phone to use if I decide not to renew my At&t; contract. This little cell phone is ideal.  It is very basic & has a small screen; however the numbers are very large when a phone number is typed in and it does include browser & email apps, along with the usual calendar, address book, etc.  There is no camera.I opened the package, charged it up, inserted my SIM card; and it was immediately usable. The phone also comes with a "Go Phone" SIM card which can be activated, to turn it into a pay-as-you-go device. It's a very affordable option for anyone who just wants to make and receive calls and wants a lightweight, easy-to-use cell.Samsung A107 Unlocked Phone with Color Display, SMS and Organizer (Gray/Black)

I bought this phone with the idea of sending it abroad but I reached there and realized it is locked

I bought this phone for my sister who is living in west Africa, Unfortunetly she couldn't use it because is locked and they cant unlocked it to work. Is good if use in the U.S. I use it with my simple mobile sim-card and it works perfectly, so dont get me wrong is a nice phone for people living in America but if u are looking for a phone to send to Africa dont try it.

Excellent cellphone! I just need this to make and receive phone calls. I love this purchase! 5 stars! The cellphone looks classy and nice..

The Phone is quite good to use as a basic phone, i can use this phone with T-mobile but outside of USA the phone doesnt work with other GSM network.

This cellphone is not unlocked. Did not work with any of the companies in my country. I had buy some cellphone before and no problem with those. BUt this one even I called AT&T; to have the unlocked code. Did not work.Garbage.

It is a no thrill phone, but that's exactly what I am looking for.  It is simple and just a basic phone.  Great for the price.

i bought this as a backup/vacation phone. it is perfect when you want to get away on vacation - and to have a normal working phone where you're not constantly getting flooded with emails. solid phone - works great.

this phone is not a good phone at all phone is all plastic and not exactly strong plastic it is made of cheap plastic it would break very easily if you were to drop it or accidentally bump it on a hard place it would crack or break and fall apart very easily. And also this phone has horrible reception and plus it does not have speakerphone and also when you talk on it you can barely hear the other person cause the sound is so tiny and small. And it does not have any of the function you find in a average phone like a calender stopwatch calculator or music player it does not have anything all it has is a screen where you can dial a phone number that is it really. And also it does not have a regular headphone jack so you would likely have to buy a adapter all and all this phone is not worth the money.

Is a nice looking phone but it has a very poor signal reception. Out of that the phone Works fine and it is easy to use

I own one of these. It's the worst.1) Sound quality is terrible. I constantly have to ask callers to speak loudly and slowly.2) Reception is terrible. It gets no signal in locations where everyone else gets a signal.3) The screen is minuscule. Texts are barely legible for anyone with less than 20/20 vision.I've had none of these problems with other cell phones.

This cellphone is really small and basic, that is all that I need. It was a really good price and I am completely satisfied whit it.
