
It is the exact phone specific for my needs and I love the clip design. The design prevents the phone from self-dialing inside my bag. And I also love the price. It is within my budget.

Having had an open face phone for several months, I went back to a flip phone.  Reason:  I keep my phone off unless I'm using it.At the slightest bump it would turn on.  Well, when the 911 operator called me and asked me if I called them, I decided to go back toa flip phone and am glad I did.  The Kyocera has what I need and I like it.

wooo i love my new phone its eveything i need ,,it small and does a big job,,it does all i want in a phone ,,its a smooth little phone thanks

This phone works great. I receive a strong signal, easy to use andset up. I have no problems hearing on it. I only have to top offevery 90 days.

received this item the next day -- I was amazed how quickly it arrived.charge up the battery for 24hrs and the next day I transferred my existing phone number onto the phone.The phone wasnt able to maintain a charge for 24hrs.. I was disappointed so I ordered a replacement battery ($8.00) and when it arrived from a non-Amazon supplier I put it into the phone---apparently it isnt the battery that is the problem  I just have a lemon. Still wouldnt keep a charge..I have ordered another phone direct from VirginMobile hoping that if it is also a lemon they may take it back as Amazon will NOT taake back open merchandise----for full value,,, granted this is indeed a throw away phone ($21.36 with tax) but it is hard to find flip phones----maybe the technology has worn itself out--

I'm not a heavy phone user at all and was really really tired of paying another company so much money for their basic contract service that I just didn't need although I have to say their service was great until I told them I was leaving them. Bye bye!!!I tried one of the Big Box Store prepaids with customer service based somewhere in Central America. The phone was nice but I got absolutely no reception in my house. Big problem. Worked great in the Big Box Store parking lot. Hmmmm. I literally had to drive down the street to get any reception at all and there are three major cell phone towers near my house. The CS was HORRIBLE if you could get them at all. It was like playing a game. They finally (via e-mail) told me to put my phone through a few tests, I reported the results and they e-mailed back telling me there was nothing wrong with my phone or service. Gee thanks.So I researched other prepays and finally went with Virgin (Sprint) and was able to get a great deal on the Kyocera S2100. If it didn't work I didn't lose much money. I had a bit of a problem setting up the service on the internet. So here was the BIG test. Calling customer service. I was scared. I got menu after menu that didn't really apply to the problem but then I just said "service agent please" and within 10 seconds I had a human being. Very impressive. Of course they were in India but I have to say I understood them perfectly, they were VERY polite and friendly and they saw the problem I was having and fixed it immediately. Best customer service from India I've ever had. I had to call them once more for another reason and they were just as nice. A few US based CS call centers could learn a few things from them.Now for the phone. Yes it's very basic but IT WORKS IN MY HOUSE ... YEAY!!!!! The reception is even good when it shows no bars. It has nice big keys which my stubby fingers like. No problems at all with reception. I can hear them and they can hear me. The screen is on the small side ... umm waaaay on the small side. Not great for data or even reading texts. Not a great phone for that but fine for talk. It's not an Android folks. It doesn't even try to be.  The menu is easy to figure out and has more features than I expected. The ringtone selection is minimal. The ringer needs to be louder, much louder. Even when it's turned up to max you won't hear it if it's in the next room or if the cat has pushed it under the bed. You need to keep it in your shirt pocket. The battery life is astounding. Seems like I never have to charge it and yes I do use it. Now, I see people complaining that it doesn't light up like a Christmas Treet when you open it up to use it and they have to wait forever. True, it's slow but how long does it take you to get out of bed in the morning? BUT all you have to do is hit any key and it wakes up ... HELLOOOO... Okay here's a hint if you have to get the battery cover off. You all know how frustrating that can be, breaking your nails, hitting it on the countertop, yelling at it? It's easy. Just drop it on the floor. The cover will fly off and the battery will come out and fly in the other direction. I seem to do it daily and nothing has broken yet but it does seem like it's cheaply made but hey it only cost $12.00. What do you want?So in summary:The good --- IT WORKS. Customer Service is surprisingly good, just don't try to use their menu. Saying "service agent please" gets you a human. Be nice to them and they'll be nice to you. Remember that people. Reception is just fine, even in my house. It has big keys. Battery life is unreal.The bad --- flimsy construction, ringtone choice and volume, falls apart when you drop it (I'm going to try duct tape), tiny little screen.Conclusion:Don't blame your problems on anyone but your own impatience. The phone is great for talk but just for talk. Be grateful that it works. I'm going to upgrade to something with a bigger screen just so it will be easier to text and for data. Be grateful that it costs much less than a contract service ... much less. If you don't like it then it probably doesn't like you either.THANK YOU VIRGIN!!!

I ordered this to replace my free phone from Virgin Mobile, which had very tiny numbers - I kept hitting two at once - The reception and clarity are great - It's a sweet little phone -

I wasnt expecting much after reading the reviews.  I , like many others, am in my 60's and dont need all of the bells and whistles of the new phones.  This one does not get the same range as my old Sprint phone but everything else is the same.  The volume I would like isnt there.  Also the clarity is poor( my hearing is excellent).  But the phone and service is all I need, especially at that price.

So far, so good. Love the camera and the flip feature. Easy set up.

Signal is not strong enough in certain areas, therefore not able to make calls or respond to calls quickly enough to respond. Wouldn't recommend buying.

The generally works OK, ringer volume is definitely loud enough, as well as speaker phone and normal talk.  The battery holds a charge at least 5 days, I haven't really let mine run down completely.  The one problem I have is that if I hold the phone with my finger on the front when flipped open, the receive volume goes down and sometimes cuts out.  Same with holding it on the sides near the middle of the phone.  I really don't want the hassle of returning it but I like flip-phones and for $20.00 this phone is less expensive than batteries for any mobile phone.Another disappointment is, although there is a bluetooth connection on the phone, it and my PC will link but I can't download or upload or do anything.  I have seen a USB to the charger cable on ebay for ~$5.00 but I don't know if it just charges from USB or will allow a data connection.

This little phone is a great deal if you want an inexpensive phone that works well without a lot of bells and whistles. The battery is working well--another reviewer said their battery wasn't holding a charge long enough but mine went for a few days before the battery decreased just one bar. It was very simple to set up and use. The settings are intuitive and very user-friendly.

$$$$$$$  ........  My word folks  .............$$$$$$Has anyone actually used the phone ?How much does it cost per month ?Or how much per minute of use ?What sorts of use factors are in play ?  (as in how much is it costing?)How much for texting ?  How much to send a photo someplace ????FYI, to all, I am paying $75.xx per month for a fancy Android ... it doesn't seem worth it .

The works but as someone that needs reading glasses the display is not user friendly. The time and date are tiny. There is no way to change the size of the characters in the display.Also, setting it to just vibrate needs to be done each time you turn it, with the button on the side. If you set it in the settings menu to vibrate only, it vibrates every time you turn it on or off, which to me is irritating.Otherwise great value.

Not Great, but we mainly use it for emergencies, it doesn't always ring like it should.  Haven't had a problem with dropped calls.

The phone is very lightweight and doesn't feel solid. But it works just fine for basic phonecalls and messages. Just fine for the price.

NOT THE BEST FOR THE MONEY. CAN BE BETTER.  THE HIGHEST VOLUME IS FAR TOO LOW.  HAVE TO STICK IT IN YOUR EAR TO HEAR IT.  THE VOLUME ON THE OYSTER THAT IS DISCONTINUED WAS AWSOMELY GREAT WHILE THE OYSTER WAS A WONDERFUL PRODUCT IN STYLE, VOLUME, AND OVER ALL PERFORMANCE.  THE CLIP LOOKS GOOD, BUT SLIPS OUT OF POCKETS TOO MUCH AND IS ALREADY MISSING IN OUR HOUSE FOR DAYS--NOT TO BE FOUND YET IN SOFAS, CHAIRS, ON CARPETS, ETC.  IT PREVIOUSLY SLIPPED OUT SEVERAL TIMES WHILE DRIVING, BUT NOT NEAR THE DAY BEFORE IT WAS MISSING.  PLEASE BRING THE OYSTER BACK, AS IT WAS ALSO CHEAPER THAN THE CLIP.

Amazing what you get for a lousy 20$.It works.For 20$ bucks what more do you need to know.It didn't come with an owners manual however.

works perfectly can't beat the price. good for a first-time phione for a teen or older person like Grandma or Grandpa.

The Kyocera phone which I recently purchased was exactly what I was looking for.  The price was inexpensive and the phone is very easy to use.  It is a prepaid phone and I have set up a plan to have money prepaid into it.  It is primarily  for emergency use  even though it is also used for other calls.  One thing I like about it is that the keys are large enough to use easily.  It is not complicated to use which I also like a lot,  I had trouble finding one because it is very popular with college students and I live in a college town.  When I found it on amazon I was thrilled because my local store told me they couldn't keep them in stock due to the college students constantly depleting their supply.I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't want to spend an arm and a leg for a phone which is hard to operate and which has features that I would probably never use.

I like this phone a lot.It has a lot of features my previousphone did not have and they all work well and the batterystays charged a great deal longer than previous.There area lot of reasons why I like this phone, but to long to list.

I got this phone for my daughter because she had broken her other phone. And at first I was thinking that she was getting a raw deal but then when she got it and started messing around with it, she says that she likes this phone way better then her other one. And the plan that is connected with this phone is also cheaper and she gets more minutes, granted there isn't a texting plan under 30 something dollars but that isn't really with the phone that is more with the provider, and she says that it gets good service as well. Great price, Great phone we are over all very happy with it.

This phone is perfect for me. I don't need all the bells and whistles, just a simple phone to make and receive calls and texts. It has a camera too!

I really am pleased with this phone. it saves me alot of money. I would highly recommend this cell phone. I bought it brand new and what a great bargain. Would recommend buying  &#34;new&#34;

The worst phone and minute plan you can buy. I lost 63 dollars using this phone.  Your minutes will be lost if not used right away or add an additional money to your balance. Do not count on Virgin Mobile customer service to help you.

battery life isn't very long and the viewing is smaller than my other phone.  can't get the ringtones I want,  finding it hard to get used to.

Husband had another virgin mobile phone and wanted one that was easier to read. He is very happy with this one. Especially at the price!

Good Product AND QUICK DELIVER. Very reliable phone with a lot of options. Just what I needed. Only the necessary to call somebody. Also I can take photos.I think I will buy another for my wife ....

I bought the phone, and charged it and pressed the end key, it did not come on, I waited another hour and pressed it again and again it did not come on. It saided "phone is off" and that's all. I returned it and ordered another one, and again it did the same exact thing. I know how to work a cell phone, and these "two" did not work. I'm not going for a third try.

The battery life is terrible. It only lasts about 7 hours, if that. I would not recommend this phone because  of the battery life.

i got this phone for my sister to replace her old phone that was messing up and so far its been working fine without any glitches.

I purchased this phone for my 63 year old dad, who is not into smart or android phone, (he does not even want to learn to use a computer). He loved his Razor (when they were still around) so I figured this is next best thing for him. He loves how easy it is to use and how it only cost him $20 a month to have a plan that is perfect for him. I highly recommend this for anyone who is on a limited budget!

This was a simple gift to give to my grandmother. It is easy or her use and small enough for her to put in her pocket.

Wanted something simple with larger numbers for husband--is working out great - simply open phone to answer !!  Has camera !

I lost my cell phone, and wanted the same one again.  I was lucky to find a brand new one and have been able to set it up once again.

This is a great phone.  I bought this for my grandson and he loves it especially cuz it has a camera

I bought two of these for my two sons. They love everything about this phone. The plan is affordable and the service is great.

I was a little leery about buying this phone but since it wasn't a lot of money and my budget is tight I figured it was worth the $20.00 to try it. So far I am very happy with it. The reception on it is much better than the Slider. Even when the bars are low or don't show I can use the phone and not have to be by a window or door in my apartment like I had to do with the Slider. The volume on the ringtones is loud enough and when I talk on the phone I can hear the other person clear and loud. The booklet that came with it is very basic and almost useless but if you go to [...] you can find a much better instruction booklet-one that should have come with the phone to begin with. I couldn't figure out how to look up missed and recent calls but it was there with the online instructions. The only thing I don't like about this phone is the short battery life but over all I am well pleased. If you want a basic cheap phone try the Kyocera Clip S2100. I have the $30.00 plan with Virgin Mobile and get 1500 minutes 1500 texts and 30Mb internet which is more than I ever use.

The s2100 is the best I could find in my price range.  It has a great key size and easy view screen.

this phone works on my free service through Assurance Wireless.  wanted a phone that could take pics.  this one is not as good as i would like.

Not so good and if you don't keep up with it they just drop you not worth the price or the time !!!

Im kinda old fashion and was so happy to find this phone as I looked at other places and was unable to find it,Thank you so much!!

I like it has all the features that I need in a phone. it works and is very easy to use and good price

None or hardly any reception where I live. I don't live in the backwoods but quite close to a medium sized town and the reception is horrendous.

Great phone if you do not need all the bells and whistles of the more sophisticated mobiles.Easy to use keyboard and very simple to operate.

This is a great little flip phone. I bought this because me and my mom share the same phone and she couldn't use mine because the buttons were too small. She has no trouble with this because of the large buttons. Recommended for a basic flip phone.

Never works,after I terminated with Virgin Mobile who was the carrier they told me they have no towers in this area.Great time to tell me.Would never deal with them again.Was a phone i was stuck with.

I bought this phone for my dad as a Christmas present & he loves it. It was fast & reliable service at a good deal.

The Kyocera Clip S2100 Prepaid from Virgin Mobile is so basic and simple to use and it feels liberating to just use a phone for making and receiving calls.  No more smart phones and contracts for me.

Serves the puprose.

This phone was selected and purchased for a person who needs only to make and receive calls.  It folds, which protects the keyboard from damage.  The phone is light weight, holds a good charge and the price is right.

I really really like it, but you can't change your ring tones on it.  But I love that it is a flip phone! I am no longer butt dialing people I don't know haha ha ha

A GOOD basic phone for Virgin Mobile customers!  There's not much more to say about it - good price, works!

Great phone for the price.  Worked well and had good sound quality.  Can't beat a good bargain!  Good little phone.

I checked all customer remarks and wish I would have listened about the camera option. Pictures are microscopic. Went back to my Samsung Entro.

My son needed a phone he wanted a flip phone,I pick this one I asked him how he likes it.He said it is ok and it suits his needs.

I like this virgin phone, it's held up very well and is easy to use.  It's hard to find much variety in the virgin phones anymore that don't have some form of contract so that's the only downside.

It's a good emergency phone, and it works perfect.But if you are a older person, or someone that has bad eyesight I probably wouldn't buy it.( I bought this for my 57 year old mother) she says she loves the phone, but the only downside is that the font on the phone is extremely small, and after going through the settings, theres no way to fix it. So, besides that , it's a pretty good phone. but 4 stars for not being able to make clock, or anything else bigger!

the phone works ok but its no fancy thing, pretty basic but works good. amazingly it has web and tools like alarm and also a camera

User friendly,easy to use, great reception everywhere. Out of state at the beach, mountain areas, works great. Price really fits anyone's budget.

Works great, just a nice simple flip phone, works well and keeps a charge really well, also is a nice looking phoine

Bluetooth connection does not work and Virgin has admitted this in an email to me - how can they sell it and advertise bluetooth and know it does not work - class action anyone - I used to like Virgin but their customer service appears to have been outsourced and stinks to high heaven - no solution except to send a refurbished same phone to replace my brand new one - same problem - so then they tell me I need to buy their $200 plus phones for bluetooth - my old phone worked fine on bluetooth - this is garbage and unacceptable - I do not recommend any Virgin products or services anymore - sad

great phone and I like the key divisons. Ialso have a virgin mobile s2300 the keys are much smaller. This phone is much better for my daughter as she has trouble with my other phone. Easy to see numbers also.

Great little phone for the price, has all the funtions I will ever use. Had no problems activating it with Virgin Moble.

This phone works pretty well. The signal at my home is no better than my previous cheap phone, but I didn't expect it to be much of an improvement. It is a basic model, but I only have it for emergencies, especially in my car, so it's what I wanted. The biggest drawback is that the ring is not very loud even when the volume is turned up all the way. If your hearing is dim, as mine is, that may be a problem.

I got this for my mother who is vision impaired and she loves it. I worried if she'd be able to make out the keys, but the backlight is enough to provide the contrast she needs to find her way.

Well, when I actually bought this phone is was for ship out to another country. But later I found out the country was shipping this, didn't accept phones by Virgin mobile, so I sell it and everything when fine. Overall I gave it 4 stars., great job with shipping and everything.

After less than 4 months, this phone won't hold a charge more than 1 day.  Everything worked as usual on this inexpensive phone for the first 2 months.  Shortly after that, I ran into problems.  The bad part is that I purchased this through Amazon, not another seller.  But there is no recourse to return after 30 days.  There is something to be said for dealing with someone that will actually talk to you.  I have purchased these phones directly from Virgin in the past, and they have all lasted for a few years.

Possibly didn't understand this is not a pay as you go plan phone, it's a fee per month plan.  Prefer pay as you go plan phone.

Great little cell phone. Easy to use and has a great sound. I really like the ringer because it is easy to hear. Dr. Paul Douglas Smith, Th.D.

I just want a simple phone and this is perfect. The battery stays charged for a long time and if I want to take a pic, I can. Good value for the money.

For those who prefer not to get a &#34;modern&#34; multi-task &#34;app&#34; type cell phone, Kyocera S2100 is an excellant alternative which has a good quality battery that can last up to 2 1/2 weeks depending upon cell phone usage.

Well just received my second S2100 the first one was defective when you closed the lid the back light would not shut off occasionally and drain the battery also when you opened the lid sometimes it would not come on automatically and you would have to push a button to get into the menu. Haven't completed the setup process yet but as soon as I do I will amend my review. just be sure you get a good one before you complete the activation process at least check the things I mentioned. You will have to activate it to evaluate the call quality. One thing I did not like was the ring volume seems to be much lower then their cheaper Jax which is considerably louder. The one ring tone that is fairly loud is the classic so after turning the volume all the way up if you need more volume try that one. Also read somewhere that it was mentioned that this phone doesn't support a call record well it does just press the bottom of the navigation button when you first open the phone NOT from the main menu and you will see the following. Missed Calls Received calls Outgoing Calls All Calls and Call timers.updateOne other thing I don't like is how small the fonts are for texting I mean if you really like to text unless you have really good eyes this phone may not be for you thinking about possibly returning this one for something better, can't beat the 12 dollar price though.

This phone took a lot of abuse and kept ticking. I've dropped it, stepped on it, dumped it water, you name it. Sure, it came out worse for wear every time, but it kept going, kept calling, and kept texting--which is more than I can say for Kyocera's smart phones. If you're looking for a phone that's very basic, this is your phone.

it delays when calling a few seconds why I do not know so I say it is not good for all the delaying on the calling I have no Idea what eles is needed and why you need an essay on all of that when I can finish in 5 words or less so why ask if I cn not give my answer to how I need and want

This is a good basic phone for users who don't want to bother with technological do-funnies or electronic complexity. It has no app store, no high-speed processor, no HD reading or video capabilities. It just makes a good phone for voice calls, texts, and a camera. Its lack of features makes it perfect for young kids who don't need distractions, old fogies who don't want clutter, and people like me who resent having the electronic leash anyway.That said, this is a basic phone, with all the good and bad that entails. It has a pretty basic antenna, so be prepared to break up in rural areas. I've had to struggle with reception through the concrete and steel of a big box discount store. If you choose to pick up the mobile web bundle, don't expect to get great resolution or do a whole lot of lickety-split surfing on this small, no-frills display. This is a phone, not a data system.If you're willing to accept these limitations, this is a pretty good phone. I use it to keep in touch with home, work, and my students. They know not to expect complex content from me on their smart phones, because I want my phone to be my phone and my computer to be my computer. If that's you, then this is your phone. Keep in touch, just don't expect magic and spectacle out of this basic, utilitarian baby.

The only thing that disapointed my was that I can not connect to my wiifi for my car. Other than that I enjoy it.

new product - it's a brand new phone, so of course there's nothing wrong with it.  Good grief!  This is ridiculous

Phone looked and worked great.  It came with no charger but I had one from another phone that works fine.

I purchased this as a gift for my mom's boy friend to replace the free phone he has. He absolutely loves this phone.What I like about it is that it sounds clear when he talks on it. The other one he had did not sound very good at all.He wanted a camera too so this was a perfect gift for him.Great phone for the price. I'm very happy with it !
