
After having an android 4g phone that broke on me and I couldn't afford to fix it. Never needed insurance because I've never had anything happen to my phone in the past, and after going on about 5 months or so with a broken phone that I used apps to make it almost a real phone, I decided it was time to get a cheap end touch screen phone until I can afford to upgrade again.I was going to get a used one for the cheaper price, but after reading some of the comments, I think it was best to spend a couple extra bucks for a brand new one. I really just needed a basic working phone, so I wasn't expecting anything spectacular with this one.The item came as described. The touch screen is not like the 4g's, more like the older blackberry touch phones. Very basic. The calibration is off even after fixing it.The settings on the phone is limited, very little personality to it.The keyboard, I think the spacing is too much, I had a qwerty before and the keys were a little closer. I wanted the qwerty because after having the 4g android, I couldn't stand all the auto errors on spelling and all the typos that was caused from the touch screen.Other then that, it's fine for a basic phone. I haven't tried calling on it, i'm a big time texter, with virgin mobile, it's unlimited. The signal seems to be good in my area.I suppose my comments are neutral. Nothing really bad, nothing really great about this phone. If you need an extra phone for house line, or something in between, or just a simple phone that's not complicated, this would be it.

I ordered this for my son's birthday.  It was the best price around including shipping.  The phone arrived in time for his birthday and he loves the functionality.

The phone is still great after 3 yrs. I bought it when it first came out at the local target. The only flaw I had from the start was the phone freezing but that was because it had been on for a few days. But when I started pulling the battery out once a day it was fine. Pulling the battery out was to make it clear the ram...the small amount it has on there. This phone how ever survived being dropped in a lake, pond, and the infamous toilet. It is a very durable phone now that iv switched to the wild fire s I gave the phone away this phone (lg rumor) is by far a great basic phone for anyone battery life is good too

I really really like this phone. I bought it for my daughter. It has a fair price and is a good product

This phone was pretty good, but it lagged and didn't have much more than a regular feature phone. The touch screen is crap. I wouldn't suggest getting it. But it is worth upgrading to a better phone. The Samsung Intercept is better than this, and it costs less than this. And for $15 more you can get a smartphone, the LG Optimus, it's $95 right now, which is so worth it, it's an amazing phone. And Virgin Mobile has the best prepaid plans available in America, and service works just about everywhere. To conclude, Don't get this phone. It's so very worth it to upgrade to a better Beyond Talk phone. Any phone is better than this. Here is a list of the Beyond Talk phones in order of best to worst.1. Motorola Triumph - $2402. LG Optimus Slider - $1603. LG Optimus V - $954. HTC Wildfire S - $2205. Samsung Intercept - $706. LG Rumor Touch - $807. Samsung Restore - 608. LG Rumor 2 - $80

This is my first smart phone and I am loving it.  I am very happy with my purchase.  It has all the features one could ask for.

I only had it a year and it freezes a lot.In the beginning it would let me access my emails, then it starting saying error. The battery life is fair, if you don't stay too long online. The web is quite slow. I can't chat or access my facebook at all. The sucky part the phone is attractive, not worth buying. Now I am giving Virgin Mobile one more chance and buying an android phone.

It's an okay phone, nice and sturdy and not heavy at all. I don't like that there is not a way to disable the unlock feature. The resistive touchscreen is a bit of a challenge. The sounds for notifications are very low. The case I bought for the LG Rumor fits very well. There is no way to disable the flashing green that is always displaying. Overall it's an okay basic phone.

I have this phone currently. I hate it. You can't search the web at all. It NEVER updates my e-mails. The internet is slow and terrible.I am switching to an android. I do NOT recommend you buying this phone at all!Texting is slow and when you talk on the phone it shuts off.I am not happy with my phone! I had it for one year.

Probably. In most states. But i bought this VM LG Rumor Touch at the 'red & white rings' store when it was on sale. Overall it's a great electronic device. Amazon and virgin mobile's site does a great job of describing it and telling you what to expect. I'll share just some impressions and not-so-great-things about it. But make no mistake, i'd recommend this easily.likes:* mp3's come through clear and crisp in external speaker(headphones and usb cable included)* that 3" touchscreen is nice compared to my previous 2" screen on my last cell. it's like going from standard def to HD(sorta)* pics are good and sharp. my shaky hand and some pics look blurry when in camera mode. but once you take it and view it, it looks great. thanks image stabilization(or a variation of it)* micro-sd slot is great for adding lots of mp3's. have not figured how to transport pics and vids to the sd-card slot to view on my camera yet. but then, i'm an idiot with gadgets. (figured it out, just go to tools>mass storage>file manager)* qwerty keyboard is fairly spaced out for me, but if you got big/chubby fingers you might have problems.* i'm a cheap, so i only pay $25 a month for this phone, total! i get 300 anytime minutes for calls, unlimited texts/pic msgs(not including the free messaging through social networks and emails), and unlimited web access. do i need to even repeat that? of course, higher plans with more talk minutes are available as an option.* 3G built-in(but no wi-fi). Spotty at times, but mostly consistent and reliably there when you want to surf the web.dislikes:* not very good video playback in camcorder mode. it's serviceable, and at least the option to take videos and watch them is there. just don't expect high-quality.* you can customize ur pics, but nothing really special or extensive. worse, you don't seem to be able to organzize your pics into specific albums(i will apologize if this option turns up, but i can't find any extensive options to organize your pics)* scrolling through long lists is imprecise and can be frustrating.* you can't seem to assign your mp3's as ringtones.* the default is an 'unlock' screen where you slide to unlock it to access your phone. doesn't bother me much, but i decided that i would leave my cell unlocked cause i could see it might annoy me if i had to unlock it with some code or procedure, no thanks. besides, it's not like i have government secrets on my phone.Overall, great phone(i've actually used it for calls a few times and the reception is good and i live out in the boonies sort of), tons of features, and a cheap monthly plan for me with other options for others. Highly recommended.

not as I thoughtnot much signal nor can you download like you wanteverything loads pretty slow.  plans are not worth the price

This is a good cheap phone of you are a big texter. This is my 3rd Rumor Touch. The previous ones I owned, felt in water. I totally disliked the android ones which only offer touch screen. Also this is all I can afford in terms of phones with sliding keyboardThe RT  does have technical issues, such as the text get stuck into a sending/receiving mode.  So you might wonder why you haven't got any text, it is because the phone was unable to receive.  This is a re-occurring problem I have learned to live with.  It can be fixed by extracting the battery and placing it right back.  I got really good at it and can do it in 30 seconds. It basically  needs a re-boot.In addition it does not surf the web very well.  I am not sure if this is a carrier issue or not.  I never use it to check e-mail or as a GPS.The screen size is on a low side and the feature of zooming on received pictures is annoying because pictures must be saved and it takes several steps to get to the zoom in menu.Other features such as camera and camcorder mode are fair. No flash in camera, but takes takes good pictures.I would not pay more than $50 for the phone, along with Virgin Mobile plan it is the best deal around if you are on a very tight budget.

I was so excited when I first got this phone and it seemed to be working fine. But after a while, I realized that it's not very high quality. The battery life is not good at all. I usually have to charge it every night.  I mostly just use it for Facebook, Gmail, and some texting. The Internet is very slow, so I downloaded Opera Mini. It works better, but it's still pretty slow. I've had this phone for a bit more than 3 months now, and am already thinking of getting a new phone.  I love Virgin Mobile's service and prices, but I wouldn't recommend this phone.

my brother & my friend had this phone. their apps wouldnt work & after awhile the whole screen went out. its not the worst phone but theres better out there

I have had this phone for over a year and a half now.  It has never shut off on it's own unless out of battery or done any other "quirky" things.  I have it on 24/7 but usually only use it for texting, so I can get away with charging it only once or twice a week.  The call quality is alright and I don't get service in weird spots, but I think that is more VM than anything else, as my sister doesn't get service in the same places.  The keyboard is nice, but the 'M' and the 'Enter' buttons are near each other, and a lot of the time I'll hit Enter when I'm in the middle of typing a word.This is a very good phone and I would recommend it.

I hate it it's slow has no flash crashes out of nowhere my first phone didn't even haveA camera loved it even more and the touchscreen u have to use pressure and I just don't like itSo if u buy itGOOD LUCKYou will absolety need it

This phone ihs stupid a'f. Everytime i would text it wood take fo'evah tew send. Sometimes dha thing wood not send the text aht ahll so i wood have tah take dha battery out and put it back in. Terrible device and terrible coverage. NO NO NO. Doon't buy dhis.

I am very impressed with the overall value and performance of this phone.The phone has held up well even with the few drops out of my hand or phone holder.

I purchased the LG Rumor phone through amazon, for my brother who has virgin mobile. He's a very simple guy so this phone is perfect for him. If you are a high-tech kind of person, this probably isn't the phone for you, but if you mainly use your phone for txtn & talking, this phone is great! He loves it!

Got this as a gift for a friend. She loved it. Quick to ship and arrived on time. It was a great surprise. Brand new.

Great phone. Received quickly, Works fine, Description very accurate.

just wasnt the right phone i wanted it worked great and everything but i wanted something a little different.. thanks

I bought this phone from a Sprint store a little over 2 yrs ago and it has been not only the worst cell phone I have owned, but also the worst cellular service!The internet is hard to use and is super slow. The ribbon that connects the keyboard to the screen started to go bad after about a year of average use, so when I opened the keyboard it would make the phone shut off right in the middle of a text- or just shut off immediately. When I would answer the phone and slide the bar to "answer" it would cut off my call. I'd say 90% of the time I had poor service and my calls would get dropped or would cut in and out. Within the last few months I have been unable to send and receive texts without having to go through the troubleshooting steps to correct it temporarily- after calling and complaining FOUR times to Virgin Mobile customer service. Also, I have not been receiving voicemail notifications so my voicemails would sit in my in-box for days before I would see that I had one, and a few time it wouldn't even show me that anyone had called!Oh, don't get me started on the customer service! They are the WORST customer service team. When I asked why I could not send or receive texts or voice messages, the customer service rep told me there were no towers being upgraded in my area so that would not be the issue. Then I call the next day-with the same issue- and I am told that there are towers in my area being upgraded and that is why I am having these issues. I immediately called them out on it and they tried to change the subject! I cannot believe the inconsistency in information I am given and all they want to do is apologize but not actually do anything! You can never talk to the same person you talked to last time because no one knows who it was and they are not even all in the same location. When I asked if I have to go through the same troubleshooting steps each time I cannot send or receive my texts, I was told yes. I should NOT have to troubleshoot every time I want to text someone and the fact that it was even suggested shows what a horrible phone it is and how poor the service is. I'll admit one of the girls I spoke with was nice, but not very helpful. The others were rude, cut me off when I was talking, lied to me, did not document anything I told them in previous calls- so ended up re-explaining every time I called, did not even listen to what I was saying- this includes a "supervisor" which I suspect was JoeSchmo sitting next to him and no one of actual authority.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR USE VIRIGN MOBILE!I love Amazon and use it for just about all of my purchases, so this review is nothing against the Amazon company.

We purchased for someone in the hospital and we tried to get it to work, took it to bestbuy, virgin mobile and could not unlock the pass code, so we could activate it.  I will need to return it or eat the lost.  Was very disappoint,  this was not a good buy for me.  I sort of urged my friend to buy the phone.....mud on my face.

The touch screen does not work right, and if you look online, you'll see lots of people have this problem.  It is a HORRIBLE phone. I wish I wouldn't have ever bought it.

There were a lot of defects that went unmentioned, like permanent damage to the picture on the screen and the fact that every time you close the slider keyboard the phone powers down and back on again. People listing an item should state its defects

Thanks for the opportunity to express my thoughts on this product.The product that I purchased was considered in good working orderwhen I bought it. When we got it, it did not function correctly. We are nowin the process of sending it back. It should have reached the vendor by now.Hopefully we will have the replacement soon. I buy products frequently on Amazon.Thank youDennis Powelson

This phone is not super fancy. It is not 'smart'. But is affordable. I think I bought it cheaper from Best Buy or Virgin 2 years ago. It lasted me until just this week and I'm exceptionally clumsy. The internet is terrible and unusable on this phone. They are a bit misleading with that advertising. It's just god awful, slow, terrible formatting. Only in an emergency have I ever used it. But, for everything else, it does the trick. It'll text and call just fine for a very low monthly price. I like that it took such a beating. It's almost as indestructible as an old Nokia. ALMOST. I dropped it in some water and it shorted out. Too bad. I think it was worth the price, but it will not be much good for anything other than being a phone.

I had the phone for a month then I couldn't get on Twitter or Facebook.  I must have called a dozen times to get it fixed but they couldn't resolve it. I loathe to call Virgin Mobile because usually I would get someone in India with a very heavy accent & difficult to understand. Internet is not easy to use on the touch screen and is usually slow. Now the texting isn't working, but that lasted for a year.  The camera on the phone is crap. I recommend you try another phone unless all you want to do is make calls.

this phone doesn't work for me 90% of the time. It says that there are 5 bars most of the time but then says that the phone is out of service when trying to send a text message. If you answer your phone by swiping the button across the screen too fast it will hang up. Actually I take that back - if you swipe it across the screen, be ready to call back because it will most likely hang up. So not worth what I payed...P.S. I've called virgin mobile numerous times to resolve the issue but everything they do did not help so it must be the phone. Too bad my return policy ran out...

I do like this phone, but it is temporary until I buy the Samsung G4.  The internet barely comes in though and with my security system, which does not work on this phone, I need the G4.  If you have Comcast Advanced Security, do not buy this product.  If you just need a phone and you do not care less about the internet, then this little product  will be perfect.

This phone replaced a Sony Ericsson c905.  The Sony was a free* dumbphone I obtained in 2008.  The LG Rumor is a very cheap phone, but I expected it to be an upgrade.The screen is poor, the camera was quite bad, and the included browser was atrocious.  All inferior to the obsolete Sony.The keyboard is excellent.  I'll give LG credit on this.Virgin has badly locked down this phone.  It's a hassle to do things like customize your ring tone with an mp3.In our brief time together, this phone would reboot after any program closed, text sent, or call completed.Via google I learned that this is a common issue and someone modified their LG Rumor to alleviate this reset issue with strips of paper holding the battery against the terminal.  I was surprised to learn this does improve reliability, but the phone is still completely unacceptable.After modifying the terminals to maintain contact, I realized some of the reboots were software related.Unfortunately this is merely the latest LG product I have been disappointed with.This phone is a poor value at any price.

This phone is a waste of money. The memory is horrible. The camera and video is horrible. This phone comes with apps like Facebook and Twitter but they dont even work. The only apps and games you can get on this phone is through Virgin Mobile and they all suck. PROS: texting and email is good. CONS: everything else.

No phone is perfect, but these guys had my phone to me 2 days after i ordered it. Not sure how it works yet I know I have never had problems with virgin mobile before and i am not expecting it to start now either

This may be the best phone available that isn't a smart phone. I've had mine for 2 years and I haven't experienced any of the problems reported by others.Of course, I also notice that the majority of complaints can be traced to user error; either not reading the manual and instructions, or flat out abuse and not taking care of the phone.The touch screen is quite sensitive and doesn't need to be pushed hard; doing so will likely shorten its life. Additionally, you can even adjust the sensitivity/pressure required for it to register... it has a calibration feature and is simple to operate; if one bothers with the instructions.The phone can access the web; and the speed at which it does this is entirely dependent on the coverage and access in your area.In fact, I like the phone so much that I just bought a backup for the future when this one does finally give out, get stolen, or suffer some unfortunate accident.

The phone is good I just wish the company would have gave me the correct info to have good service on it with what I wanted on it an not what the limits that I found when I bought the phone.

I've only used Virgin Mobile once and that was years ago. Now I have Straight Talk and I want to change phones. I've ordered phones online but only at the online stores, is ordering a phone from Amazon any different? I'm asking because I've never ordered a phone from here before.

I like having my phone back. i can text and get on facebook. my phone is my life line to the world. with out i would be so lost.i like looking on amazon to see what all i can get for alot cheaper than going to the store to buy it.

This is a cool phone if you dont need streaming stuff, not a &#34;smart phone&#34; but  I like it. But it has a FLAW.I'm on my 5th one. I like it because I found a way to make any ringtone I want, from any sound, much less music.BUT!!!! The problem with this phone ( and IT WILL HAPPEN TO YOU ).....is the touch screen starts to... not work.It starts out slightly and gets progressively worse. Same thing happened to all 4 of my previous, and is now starting on my current phone...THATS WHY IM HERE LOOKING FOR ANOTHER ONE!! ;-)

Screen large enough to read the news, never drops a call, and you can't beat the price per month$25 for unlimited data.  I will use it for a couple of years until the battery conks out, then get whatever Virgin is offering then

The screen went black and died on me, had to buy a different phone. dont recommend this one at all. dont do it.

Can't turn it on, even with a full charge. Worse, I'm using the manual provided by Virgin Mobile on its own website to troubleshoot. I purchased this phone because I was having a lot of trouble with my new LG Optimus V, which doesn't respond to taps on its screen icons. Virgin Mobile used to be a great outfit, but my experience with this cheap non-functioning SouKo knock off has prompted me to leave for T-Mobile.

One of the things I love about this phone is that your messages come up on the screen as clouds and the little blinking light goes from green to red if you have messages !!!

This phone was my first phone overall its works fine. Good camera for a small phone,good speaker,and okay call quality. I would like a none resistant touch screen. The phone has a nice feel and has okay internet speed. I recommend this phone to first phone buyers or somebody who wants a pretty simple phone.

I got this phone and was quite happy with it at first. After having used it for going on 6 months now I've decided to upgrade to the Droid. This phone does have plenty of nifty features. What it does not have is the true power to do much at all with them. The single most frustrating thing, is when I'm grooving to my favorite song, and I have a text come in that I simply MUST reply to. I have to exit the media player all together, send off my text, and then wait for the media player to reload again, and then browse around until I find my song. Lets not even get into what happens if I need to send another reply! I also had a lot of frustration with the phone restarting itself. I would open up the slide-out keyboard (an awesome feature) to do something and then as I close it, the phone would restart itself. It goes through periods of restarting every time it gets closed for a day or two, and then nothing for a few weeks. SO AGGRAVATING!Heed my warning! GET SOMETHING ELSE! Pay the extra $50 or whatever! Go Droid!

the phone arrived on time and it was in perfect condition my son absolutely loves his phone the Lg rumor phone is great for any teenager. especially for busy parents on the go who always need to remain in contact with their children

We changed LG rumor touch twice within two years. The touch screen does not work. We don't know why sprint is using that rubbish cell phone to lose their customers.

Upgraded from the LG Rumor 2, much better.  Only negative I have found is that it cancels messages accidentally when in your pocket.

I bought this phone for my teenage daughter as a birthday gift. In the very beginning she loved it. However after about 3 months, it started messing up big time. It would constantly freeze up to where she had to take out the battery, and/or it would shut itself off. Another problem she had was sending/receiving messages. Her texts wouldn't go through and she wouldn't receive messages either. We knew it wasn't the provider because we, her parents, also have phones with the same provider and we weren't experiencing the same problems she was. Many times we would text her and thought she was ignoring us but it turned out that she just wasn't getting the messages. She absolutely hated this phone. We could have dealt with the manufacturer, but we didn't want to haggle. Plus we knew our teenage daughter would have to be without a phone for a while until it was replaced, which would have been the end of the world for her. Plus we knew we would be getting the same exact phone. If it had been a real expensive phone, we would have haggled. But instead we just took our loss and bought her a new one. (She wound up getting an android which worked out great for her.) So I would say to save your money and not buy this phone. It's a piece of junk!

I once had this phone back in 2010 when it came out and I loved it. Awesome keyboard is so awesome it has a back light. the web is fast and simple. The sad part for me was when it fell out of my car at 65 mph on the freeway. Afterwards i decided to buy an android then an iphone. Bad mistake. any android user will tell you the phone will start to lag at some point. as for an iphone it was crap. an overrated piece of junk.i went both ways and now im going back.if youre sick of smart phones think of this phone as a hybrid it has the speed of a smartphone without the lag or price tag.

It didn't download apps and the touch screen didn't really allow touch.  I am very disappointed.  I love LG products and I was let down with this phone.

I used the touch for a year.  It was fine for my first semi-smart phone, and worked well.  It does not have android, or wifi, so it is very limited, and slow.  Now the android smart phones are the same price or less, so I have switched to a LG Optimus which I like much much more and got for the same ninety bucks.  Watch the prices as they fluctuate daily.  If you stick one in your cart for later, amazon will notify you of price updates every time you log on.

It was ok.wasn't exactly what I expected.screens hard to work with. Makes calls on its own. It work as a pre paid phone

Product looks like it is in a good condition, except you can not hear the person you are calling, but they can hear you.

you will be amazed by this phone no its not a htc or iphone  but it could hold you over till you get one i have htc smart phone gave this phone to my girlfriend but now i miss it music is so low on my fancy phone but not this phone and a couple other things i like better 2

This phone is great to use with the assurance wireless plan, its solid, big enough screen to see everything, great volume, and I'm on the 30$ monthly unlimited plan and the web is pretty good! Grandson and I watch youtube pretty well. The only thing I don't like is I can't seem to figure out how to get apps, but don't let it stop you, its really a pretty good phone for the program compared to some of the others they offer, the price from Amazon was great too, free shipping!

had this for a couple years now, bought it for virgin beyond talk plan. halfway decent, and it works, but completely undermined by bad software. definitely would not buy another.- on the plus side, it does have a fairly decent camera with many settings, the rollout keypad is very useful, and it has all the usual handy tools you expect to find in a phone.- can't use your own mp3 as ringtone, (they want you to buy from them) unless you rename the mp3 files to a video format extension that uses mp3 for audio. (for some reason you can use your own video clips as ringtones but not mp3)- no option that I have found to customize the UI "skin." you are stuck with black and white menus. you can customize which features appear in your home menu, and wallpaper, but that's about it.- "virtual unlock" feature just ruined the phone for me altogether. the screen "locks" after 5-10 seconds of not being touched (you cannot turn this off or adjust the time) and you have to unlock it with a slidebar on the screen. the idea here is that it keeps the screen from being touched accidentally while in your pocket, etc. the problem is, that it locks WHILE YOU ARE MAKING CALLS (you cannot change this in settings) very frustrating when making calls to automated systems that involve using the dial pad like voicemail etc. every time you want to press a number during a call you have to unlock, open the dial pad, THEN press the number. impractical design.

This cell phone is selling for $20 now at walmart which is about what it's worth on today's market. I have owned one for two years on the old $25 ($35 now) 300 minute virgin plan. The best thing about it is when my two year old granddaughters want to play with their parents cell phone I give them mine. Much cheaper to replace. Otherwise it's pretty much of a clumker with touch screen that often takes multiple tries to us.

I have had this phone for over a year now.  It was the most advanced phone that Virgin Mobile offered at the time I purchased it.  It is a good phone but it does have some issues. My main issue is that sometimes it crashes. Just out of the blue it will restart itself.  Also when you click on an email link in Opera Mini it will give a fatal error message and crash.  The phone slows down a lot when you have the email app in the background. Ive not had any problems with the touch screen at all.  It works excellently.  The GPS does take a while to lock in Google Maps if you are not outside and sitting still. The battery does have to be charged on a nightly basis but it does last all day during moderate usage.  I have dropped it on concrete several times and the screen was not effected at all. The camera isnt the best but it is nice to have.  Would be better if it had a flash. The full 5 row qwerty keyboard is the best part of this phone.  All in all I have been pleased with this phone.  I would recommend it to others and at under $100.00 its an affordable options for those who dont necessarily need a smart phone.

This phone is great for the simple wanting a touch of high class at a affordable price. Wud most definitely recommend.

I've had this phone for going on a year now and love it. Even though it's not a smart phone it gets the job done and does it well. The battery lasts all day but I still suggest charging it up every night. Overall good phone.

The LG Rumor Touch Prepaid Phone (Virgin Mobile) is currently valued at $40.00 on the Virgin Mobile website. They know this product sucks! I've owned two so far and both times the screen broke right in half. I could only see half of my screen while texting. I sat on my phone, yeah yeah yeah, but seriously I only way 140 lbs and I don't have bones sticking out of my body. Don't let the features fool you! Buy it if you can get it for 40.00 but hope it lasts you more than a few months.

I contacted Virgin Mobile and tried to activate the phone on a new line. They advised me once I had given them the serial numbers, that the phone was stolen from Best Buy and it was brand new in the pack and couldn't be activated on another line.

I bought this phone from Target about a year ago. I'm not all fond of having my world of interaction with other people being mostly via wireless cancer gadgets, so I was really reluctant to upgrade to a phone with a touch screen.  Well, the one fear in the corner of my mind that I had when purchasing this phone (What if the touch-screen dies?) was realized last week.It would be nice if all the same buttons were accessible via the keypad, but the crucial ones (Done, Send) are not, resulting in a situation where I cannot hang up a phone call unless I remove the battery. I also cannot send a text message.Additionally, 3 days before the touch-screen died, it's calibration was way off and could not be corrected.I'm dreading having to upgrade to yet another higher end phone :(

I bought this phone to replace an android phone that was stolen.  If all you need is a phone that can make and receive calls and texts, then it's okay.  I have never been able to access Facebook or my email account, and I have no apps on it.  I miss my apps!  Also, sometimes when talking on the phone, it will just shut down. I'll be getting a new android as soon as I can afford it.  This is overpriced for what it is.  There are better options

This is a very good phone. I like the touch screen ability. I was worried that I might &#34;Fat Finger&#34; some of the small buttons, but it isn't that hard actually; it's pretty good at not mistouching.

this phone is indestructable. i love it!it's been dropped several times, from a variety of heights. it's even been thrown from the roof of my car TWICE going 40mph. and NOTHING. it still works perfectly fine.internet can run a little slow and i had to download the opera mini app to get good internet service... but it's worth it not to worry about it going out all the time like i do with the other phones.

I bought a lg rumor touch used and in good condition over all its great but had more scratches then i exspected. the screen was really scratched up looked like someone had owned the phone for a couple yrs before i got it.

the phone  not the best and it sick badle the touchscreen suck the screen get broken i give it 1/5 please dont buy this phone

DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.  If I could give "0" zero stars, I would.  I specifically purchased this phone because of the email, social media and navigational apps it touted on Virgin Mobile's website.  I purchased it directly from Virgin Mobile.  I thought I would be saving money with the plan's voice and data package, but the plan's now pretty expensive/useless since the phone doesn't give real access to the data I need.  I could have gone on one of those prepaid cards phone plans instead and it would have been cheaper with the exact same service and features I get now.After one month of having this phone, the apps work poorly or no longer work at all.  The email app does not work for the featured providers - the only way it works is that you have to manually input your POP/IMAP account info to access your email and it is not instant - you must sync to get your messages and even then, you can only get the most 50 recent messages.  Also, after writing an email, it is hit or miss whether or not people receive it.  THE SOCIAL NETWORKING APPS (FACEBOOK, TWITTER, MYSPACE) featured on this phone through Virgin Mobile NO LONGER WORK as of 11/11 - they've been discontinued due to a network upgrade - OR so I have been told as I had contacted Virgin's customer service numerous times - the first explanation being that it was due to network upgrades and the phone would merely have to be reset for the apps to work, but the latest being that not even a month after purchasing this phone - the social media apps are no longer supported.  Also the customer service for Virgin Mobile is the worse I've ever encountered - I've had previous carriers that have offered to trade-in for an upgrade or free minutes, etc. - but this company is completely unapologetic for the false advertising they've given regarding the phone and plan.  The navigation they claim to offer does not come with the phone - it is on yet another separate (costly) monthly plan.  They have a web browser that they suggested you could use to recover "access" to email and social media networks - but the browser is out-dated and prevents you from logging on due to "unable to verify website/server" messages and if you do manage to get on - the connection is lousy.  As for pictures, like the other social media apps, the photo-sharing apps on the phone are no longer supported (since June 2011 which doesn't make sense why they advertised it in October 2011) and you have to manually send your pictures to email to save.  You can't transfer the pictures to your computer by merely hooking the USB cable to your computer from your phone.  You need to transfer the pictures on your phone to a micro SD card and use either a card reader or fiddle with connecting the phone to your computer with a USB cable.  Also, if you want music on your phone, you need the micro SD card again and preload the memory card with your music.  Game apps are available on the phone, but they are pretty outdated games and yet, a heck of a lot more expensive than Droid/iPhone apps.So basically, what you are left with is a phone for voice calls and text messaging.  The touch screen is lousy - either you press too lightly and the phone does not read you or you press too hard and it instantly launches whatever your finger happened to be on.  You can recalibrate the touch screen, but it doesn't really remedy the fact that this phone's touch screen is not as intuitive as other touch phones.  Since the touch screen is lousy, it gets troublesome to choose the right contact, make and receive calls.  Also, the finicky touch screen locks you out quickly so be careful when you need to make a call that requires the dial pad.  Also, getting your text messages is a headache due to the crappy touch screen.  The keypad is the one thing that redeems this phone, but other than that, I've been ripped off a chunk of change.

look i got mine two days after i paid for it and. it works great looks great i am glad i got it!

Nothing against the person selling it but the phone was made to look like it was with app buttons but it isn't. You can't do anything if you're listening to the music player, go to the menu to get to anything and you can't put any of the buttons on the actual home screen so it's just a pain.

I got this phone about a year ago for 150 dollars. For a prepaid phone, at the time, this was probably as good as you could get, its pretty much borderline to a smartphone. Too bad it isnt. But anyways its not a super bad phone, its touch screen, but the touch screen is a little un responsive, and sometimes you need to literally jab it with your pinky finger just to get it to work. the only thing that surpassed my expectations was the qwerty keyboard, one of the best ive ever usd. but i wouldnt reccomend the phone if you can get osmething better.

It's better than the ol phone I had...somewhat concerned about quality due to the H button not working properly and the difficulty of sending pics via text, and not to many options with regards to ringtones, display nor ease of access to check email or fb etc. this is Not the Sellers Responsiblitie but rather the manufacturers. .

This phone is so nice,it has an easy touch screen, its a nice color and im sure anyone who buys one will love it.

I bought this phone from virgin at full price costing around 320 total. I thought this was an awesome deal for a 'smart phone' with apps...but alas it is not a smart phone and does not support actual apps only ones specified for this are social networks like facebook twitter and myspace. the 'connect' feature has never worked from the very beginning. after about a week I seriously started to hate this phone. the touch screen is not very intuitive and the icons are usually shown so small that you would possibly require a stylus to navigate. the fact that is was billed as an app phone goes to show you the deception virgin is capable of just to make a couple hundred. on top of that virgin increased the prepaid plan from 35 to 45 and started adding taxes of nearly 4 dollars with absolutely no notification of changes and no increase in service

I had to wait a few extra days to receive the phone due to an April snowstorm. After opening the mailing package I noticed the phone package had been opened which made me nervous since it was advertised as a sealed package. I went on the Virgin Mobile website and changed my old phone info on my account to the new phone info and the phone was up and working in 20 minutes. My autistic son is using it everyday for the past 45 days and no problems with the phone so far, it's working perfectly!

I had this phone way back when virgin mobile had it as it's first smartphone touch screen I guess. I bought this phone twice ( 2 phones ). From what I remembered it was a good phone and I never had any issues with it. I had the rumor 2 I believe from virgin as my first phone with the company. Which also was a good phone. I had to buy a second rumor touch when the first one got broke somehow don't remember how. Lol.Needless to say a good phone over all.

This phone is okay for an nonpopular teen because I got this phone thing imm get apps n S*** I couldn't do S*** but get on s**ty facebook n text n call but other than that its an okay phone

says that this phone is internet enabled, good luck with that, its so slow its laughable by todays standards. keyboard does function well though

I ordered this phone for my grandson. The phrase you get what you pay for rings true here!  The phone arrived with a big crack across the face. It was basically unusable (my grandson was totally crushed over this). I've decided to keep it because it would cost more to ship it back. I Will be purchasing one from a local cell phone store near me soon.

This phone should not be in the android category.  This phone is no more capable than my basic phone. Very difficult to download anything. No application center.  If you are truly looking for an android phone.. SKIP THIS!

the phone was in perfect condition but the serial number did not exist and i was unable to transfer my number or activate this phone. and took forever to get a refund.

I was skeptical to buy another phone made by LG because the last one I had didn't last me a year. But given some circumstances, I risked it and bought this one. I love it! Much better than a basic cell phone. If you want a smartphone with a touchscreen and/or keyboard, this phone has it!The only thing I do notice is I almost have to charge the battery every night, but other than that it works good!

Do not buy this phone. in the 90s this would have been a great phone but now its like using a rock of the ground to do stuff with. I down graded because my motorola triumph got smashed so i wanted something cheap so i got this. yea that was a bad idea. just spend the extra 3o bucks and buy a good touch screen or something.

This gets the job done at a good price.  It surfs the web OK if you download Opera, and it can do facebook, email, etc pretty well.  I Like the keyboard for both web navigation and texting.  I don't like the phone implementation.  Half the time I accidentally hang up when I try to slide the virtual slider to answer.  The camera is half decent, but it is very slow response.  The biggest peeve is that it can multitask most every app except the mp3 player!  So you can't listen to music and text or surf the web or anything without exiting and stopping the music.I bought this when Virgin only had one bad Android phone, but anymore this isn't worth the few bucks saved.  Get something with android so you have a real OS.  This phone doesn't make sense in 2012.

Maybe its just me but I really don't like this phone. I've been using it for about 3 wks and I think Im going to return it for a different one.PROS:I mostly use my phone for texting- the qwerty slideout keyboard is nice but if u type too quick it'll add a letter extra timesssss.You are able to hear who you're talking to nicely.It looks nice.CONS:I dont know if its just my service but when I try to use the web it ALWAYS says it is currently unavailable, retry...again...again. I don't think I've been able to use it even once. Or it says "network connection failed"When you receive a text you can either have it notify you once or every single minute. Bleh- really??? Both options suck. So, Im constantly unlocking my phone to see if I have anything new.No free games. I take that back, there are 2 but you only get to play them twice then you have to pay for them.

I bought this for my daughter as a replacement for the Optimus phone she had stolen from school. Granted, it's NOT an android phone, she can still get on her Facebook, so she's happy. =) She says she loves the slider keyboard better than the old android keyboard.  It's a simple phone to operate, and I am SO happy I found it on Amazon at a decent price!! She's had it for 2 months & has had NO issues whatsoever.  All in all, a great deal.

Wow, that is all I can say. I'm the kind of person that never writes reviews, but this is probably the worst phone I have ever had. I have had this phone for about a year and I am desperately trying to buy another phone. It has so many issues and problems I don't even know where to begin. The Menus are so complicated to maneuver through. The internet is the biggest piece of junk. YouTube, don't let me even begin. Every time I finish watching a video it just sends me to the menu! Why!? Also if the video is longer than 6 minutes it'll just freeze and say its buffering! The touch screen is a the worst thing ever.It doesn't Work! How about that. Every time I try to select something it won't read it. I have to press it so hard that I feel like my finger is going to go through the phone. I find my self using a pen or something with a tip to use it. This should of had a stylus of some sort. I also can't even use some of the features that it has like the social networking apps! I will give it one thing, this phone is resistant. I have thrown this phone so many times against the wall out of frustration and it holds up well. It might even give Nokia a run for its money. Overall this phone is great if you intend on using it as a paper weight. There are smart phones and then there are Dumb phones. If you looked up the definition of dumb phone on the dictionary, it would just show you the picture of this phone. Anyways save your money and Pass on this abomination of a phone. If 0 stars were possible I would give it that. Anyways, That is all.

I needed more internet capability but I am happy with my first cell phone purchase! Thanx be to God in all cases.

For those of us, that subscribe to Assurance Wireless, this phone  is a Godsend!  It is a fully digital phone that I found out about by calling Assurance. All but one other model Virgin Mobil style, use old fashioned non-digital technology for Assurance Wireless service. I was so happy to get this phone compared to the &#34;mickey mouse&#34; style phones Assurance offers! You save money with their service, but get penelysed with most of the phones assurance offers!  I am one happy camper with this phone!

First of all, I love Virgin Mobile service because my friends' calls were dropping on their phones, but not my "virgin mobile" Not until I supposedly upgraded. I kept an eye on this phone at Virgin Mobile for a whole year. When it went from $129.99 down to $99.99, I hopped on it. In Sept. 2012, it was down to $50.00. When calls come in, and  you go to answer, it cuts off the call, showing the number that called. That's a lot of help...at least you know who called you. But later on, if you want to find your recent calls list, you have to go thru 4 steps. Ridiculous! I hate this phone. It does have a darn good camera and alarm clock. It is easy to save contacts. I am hard-of-hearing in my phone ear, yet I have not had episodes where I cannot hear on this phone. Bluetooth was easy to hook up. This is not a lightweight phone either, which makes it easy to keep up with. It may work well for someone else, but not for me. I hate it! I need something that I can use to make calls quickly without fumbling thru a phone. Gonna get a clamshell. Why? Because sometimes, Less is More.

I LOVE THIS PHONE, i dont know what other people are talking about the phones plans being expencive? I pay 25$ a mo. plus tax, and i have unlimited data ( email, IM, Facebook, Youtube, google maps which has gps) and unlimited texting along with 300min a mo. there is no latefee for paying the bill late, they just change you date of payment. Is able to play music from sd card, has a camera and its just my favorite fone from virgin mobile. i have owned 5 other virgin mobile phones and this byfar is one of the best that they came out this so far.  I bought this phone 09/2010 and am still using it. facebook stil works it just needed to update settings for a couple of days. so if you want a phone for a good price and good monthly price you should get this.  other plans are unlim. tex and data, and (i think)500-900 min for 40$ or unlimited everything for 50$.its alot better then those smart phones with their extra charge for 3g/4g network, works just the same.

This phone is a little heavy and bulky, need a new version that still works with plan!!  I will look forward to it!
