
I have purchased it for someone working in Bozeman, as according to map T mobile services are available in Bozeman through service partner. However, no proper instructions about getting it connected to network were not available and no sim card was given. So phone is still not connected.

I received this phone in July of 2011. The first two or three months it worked great, then I started having a lot of issues with it. As a replacement phone for a Blackberry I was impressed with the quality, however after three months the paint began to chip from the "click"ing keyboard and now it looks hideous! The picture quality is bad and the radio is a joke on it. I have been looking for a phone for the past couple months to replace it and still have not found one. The phone is on it's last leg as I have replaced the SIM card three times. Don't waste your money!

This has been a new experence for me to own a phone that does not flip.  Iam still trying to learn the phone.  It has been good so far.  Still try to set ringtones to each person but have had no luck.  It does take a good pictures. The key board is to small for me, as iam used to something i can see.  old age  lol

I had my doubts about the phone and the price but it turns out that it was worth it and I will recommend it.

when i start to use it i will tell u how it is ok for now it sucks thank u

I always love NOKIA products and this X2 is just what I need to store complete data of my friends list.

This isn't my favorite phone, but I needed something in a pinch when my old phone suddenly died.  I needed a phone that would allow me to access the internet under my "grandfathered" $10 unlimited data plan (which doesn't include much).  For a phone for under $100 with a warranty, this is doing what it's supposed to...but don't expect too much if you are any what of a data user.  The biggest con was the lack of being able to do any apps.  I had Nokia Nuron prior to this that allowed me to have apps such as foursquare...this one won't which sucks since I got used to having access on my last phone.  I assumed this phone would have it....

My mom love this phone its simple to use and in style. No problems and it stays charge up. Easy to carry

Firsts when I got this phone I was really happy but when I got used to it it did not feel right I felt like returning it. It is just a blackberry but a bit fat.and it is a bit heavy the sound quality sucks and the camera graphics suck I would not recomment this for anybody.

this is my first nokia that i'm a little disapointed with The key pad peal off I had to purchase a new key pad

The phone itself is a great bare bones phone for talk, email, texting, and very light browsing. . .if it acutally worked.  The handset audio gave out after 10 or so days.  Of course it was still under warranty, so I sent it back.  And of course it comes back defective, despite having passed the "quality control" tests.The defective audio doesn't seem to be a widespread issue with this particular phone.  The caveat and the low rating deal mostly with Nokia's terrible customer service and repair.

Getting used to all the features. Great phone.T-Moble representative set up the phone. So far it is working well.

This phone is JUNK with a capital J.  After only 2 months, it won't make calls, it won't recieve calls.  After customer service told me to mail my phone to TX, I did.  When it was finally returned, the back cover was missing and they will not send me another one.  It took 3 weeks to get my phone back and then IT STILL WON'T WORK properly!  The coverage is AWFUL and everyone that has T-Mobile (on a plan) gets perfect service.  I don't know how they even sell this phone anymore.  The web surfing is exactly as everyone else described, so slow, you'll give up...eventually.  BUYER BEWARE--I bought it thinking these reviews were a fluke, or a bad phone in the bunch, but they were RIGHT!  Everything everybody said happened to me...I paid over $70 for this phone and it was a TOTAL waste of money!!!

T.Mobile does not stand by their agreement for prepaid phones.  I was told by their representative that all I had to do to keep the 10 cent a minute plan was to add money before the contract expired.  I did this, but my rate was raised to 29 cents a minute.  They even changed my rollover money to 29 cents a minute.  This is nothing but stealing.  At least Jesse James used a gun.  I will no longer do business with T.Mobile.  Totally dishonest.Also, I was told that coverage in my area would greatly improve since they were putting up new towers.  Well, it has been 2 years and no new towers are up.  The coverage stinks!Don't make my mistake, use someone else!

So i got this because my smartass Tmobile data phone's quit and i didn't want to sign a new contract so i paid for this prepaid phone on my regular plan.I have three other TMobile smartass phones that fell apart.This one is only good for data if you have a lot of time for it to retrieve e-mails etc. It won't open an attachement.Does not have memory period.Text recieve calls and pics bout all it's good for.

I received this phone surprisingly very fast. It works great if you're just looking for a simple smart phone that is easy to use. It has all the the normal fun applications that most popular phones have. I recommend this phone for anyone that is not looking for the complications of very high tech phone. The only thing i dislike about the phone is that it doesn't have side volume buttons but that's not a big problem for me.

i love this phone my dad bought it over christmas but i accidenatally broke it so i bought another one i liked it so much

Had a Behold touch phone before purchasing this phone. I realized that unless you're going invest in an expensive smart phone, keep it simple with a phone like this. It is alot cheaper and performs all the basic functions I require in a phone. It is user friendly, has a great speaker, radio, music card, alarm, camera, calculator, etc

This phone was a dud.  I have only had the phone a little under a year and so far the battery went after 3 months and now when i dial a number it shows on the screen correct but dials other numbers so I can only use the phone to call people who are already in my contacts.  Wish I would have listend to the reviews and ordered something else.

this phone is decent. only get it if u cant make up your mind what expensive phone to get when u first switch to t mobile. the photo messages u get from people show up TINY and theres no way to make them bigger. it freezes alot and sometimes you have to pop the battery out 5 times to get the 'sending' icon for texts to go away since the texts wont send.

Hands down, having this phone is best for texters. Huge draw back is the internet. If you are on the internet plan stay away from this phone. It's hard compared with an iphone or an android smartphone. Plus the internet lags.. it lags so much.

I love this phone. I can do facebook, check my email and text very well. I love that it is not a touch screen and it makes texting a lot more easier. I like the camera. I love how loud the ringer can be, and I love how I can set the colors on the background. It is a great phone. Does perfect for what I want. Good phone and looks very very nice. I love it!

I bought the Nokia X2 because I was getting irritated with my Black Berry 9780 Bold.  I thought if my phone wasn't working right, I could just get rid of it and go to a T-mobile pre-paid plan and save myself some money.  The X2 is a decent phone for the price, but it comes up waaayyyy short on the Black Berry in terms of build quality, interface, and functionality.I'll start with build quality, the buttons are very loud to press.  If you have ever been irritated by someone in the room who is clicking away texting, this phone would probably drive you up the wall.  The buttons are very stiff, though this may go away with wear it is still very loud and obnoxious even to the user.  The case is solid, and slightly larger than a Black Berry though not much thicker.  It's sturdy, but made of much cheaper plastics.  In addition, instead of the scroll pad in the middle the X2 has a 4 way button pad which makes it feel very cheap.The interface also comes up short.  For starters, the screen resolution is pathetic.  I get the impression that what Nokia did was take a cheap regular cell phone and blow the screen up and make it look like a BB.  The screen resolution looks very poor on a screen this size, and the menu is not very easy to navigate (partly because of the poor controls mentioned earlier).  They did allow for e-mail to be checked from the home screen, which is the top thing I like about my BB, but it's not as fluid or seamless as the BB e-mail app.  Also, since it's a traditional phone it doesn't have alot of apps.This phone could have been better, but it probably also would have been alot more expensive.  It's all right for a cheap phone, but it does not replace a blackberry or even come close to matching one.

Great Battery lifegood call qualityloud speaker phonegreat keyboarddurable*****

I bought this for my friend just to replace his old phone, however it turned out to be a surprise!It can surf web, check email, log into Facebook and Twitter, it has camera and video, bluetooth, Fm radio, and even Chinese input! For the price it is a Great buy! The only thing left is the battery, we will see how it does. I might come back in a few weeks to update on that.

I want a minimal cell phone that is capable of texting and has good battery life. The X2 has a qwerty key pad and long battery life. It also has e-mail capability which I find annoying -- that is, I don't want e-mail following me around.

This is a very bad phone, buttons are loud when you type, the paint on the buttons pealed off after I had it for only 2 or 3 months. It hasn't even been a yr since I bought it and now more than frequently it says "sim card not registered", It freezes up all the time when I'm texting and now it even shuts off all on it's own! I would not recommend this phone to anyone nor would I Nokia.

Just got this X2 from a local retailer last week.This is a replacement for a Blackberry that wasn't working so well anymore.I still have a low signal in my location, but this phone seems to handle the low power better than the Blackberry.I'm still in the feature learning curve.Reading the included manual helps on some things then leaves a few questions on a few features.Still confused as far as using e-mail with this thing.I read that it works for some folks but not everyone. I think I need a data plan for thatnot sure however.The OVI suite which is downloadable from Nokia makes syncing and backing up very easy, plus there's a number of freebie apps that can be usedwith this phone.The battery power on the X2 is excellent!Camera is so-so nothing to write home about. It does take pics in low light though.The X2 has an excellent audio media player.The external speaker is quite clear and listening with good earbuds or portable headphones is as good any other.I also like being able to drag and drop mp3's right to my 8 gig microSD (user added) card for listening.Some phones need to convert files before actually being able to listen to music on the phones player.Coming from a Blackberry I found the keyboard quite easy to use.I wasn't hitting or bumping wrong keys like I did with the BB Curve.One irritating thing about the X2 is trying to pry open the little side cover for yer USB port and microSD card, it's pretty tight.Haven't found all the ups and downs yet, overall for the price paid I would recommend the Nokia X2 for us non-power phone users...

Texting is good and easy.  The phone is nice.  Battery does not give any warning that it is getting low.  It just shuts down.  It is the only thing I am getting used to.  I plan to sharge it every three days.

Love the ease in texting. Good menu. Camera works well. Has lots of memory. Would be helpful if switching from letters to numbers were easier.

Pros:I wanted a phone with a full locking keyboard.The graphics on this phone are excellent.It does everything nicely.Cons:Bulky.Heavy.Ovi has limited apps.The cons are are related to my personal use, so not to take away from the phone I give it a definite 5 stars.

Overall this phone is very good. However, there are a few little flaws. The phone is very slippery in your hand and if there is know case or skin giving it a grip it is very easy to drop, I'd pick it up and then it would just slide out of my grip a few times. Also the quality of the colors arent very good, and the camera quality is horrible. It is only a point 3 mega pixel camera, so if you are liking this phone and thinking the camera will be good...it's not. Sometimes I will write a text and press send but it doesn't send and it just stays at the text message screen. I will try to exit out but it is just froze there so i have to turn the phone off, then on again. Also the keys on this phone are very loud, so if you're trying to be quiet and text, it's not going to work on this phone.This phone has some great qualities though! The battery life is very long lasting. I could go 3 or 4 days without charging it and it would only loose one bar of charge. So battery life is great even with lots of use. Also you can download music from your computer onto the phone quickly without hassle. Great for listening to music on the go. This phone is also very easy to text on. Just press the message key and you can start creating your message. Call quality is good. Also there are games already loaded into the phone, which is good so you dont have to buy any. And the games are fun too.This is a good starting phone, and I've had it for a year and a half now. Planning on getting an upgrade once it hits 2 years. This is a good starting phone, but if you're planning on having it for 5 years I wouldn't reccomend it. Also after about a year, the keys start to wear down, so you can see the light underneath. But I do love this phone and it is almost indestructible after being dropped on cement, tile, and dirt several times without a scratch!

Complete Crap.  Hard stiff keyboard, not text friendly, forget email, web surfing is on WAP not HTML - looks like crap and still moves slow.  Just absolutely terrible.  Functions even within the phone are slow, never mind data at 2g speeds.

This is a great phone for the money, takes a decent pic in a hurry, lightweight and fairly quick speed

Very easy to manage, all I needed was a new phone so all I did was put my current sim card in it and that's it.

This phone is great for its price. If you are a big texter, the keyboard on this phone will suit your needs. The best thing about this pre-paid phone is that fact that you can simply put your sim card in it without having to worry about an actual plan from t-mobile.While I haven't tried the internet or "communities" feature on this phone, I can say that for the price, it was worth the buy.Even so, the only con to this phone was the camera. Then again, you can't really expect a high quality camera on a pre-paid phone.Overall, this phone is perfect for simple needs of texting, internet, and making phone calls.Update: (7/10/11)After using this phone for months now, I am highly pleased. (I bought this phone back in March.)The only con to this phone is the keyboard. While it's great and has no problems, the pushing of the buttons is quite noisy. No, I am not talking about the button tone. Because it is a bubbly, plastic button, it tends to make a loud "click" when pushed. Other than that, very pleased with this product.

Make it fun! Who says you can't be informative and entertaining? How about a little action? If it makes sense, cut to the product in use as you describe your.

This phone is absoluely great! I thought the radio would suck, but it did not. The name of the song appears on the screen, BUT you need to have headphone to listen to the radio. I only got this phone becasue its the only one tmobile would give me after i broke my other phone (gravity 3). i do not miss my old phone the slightest bit. only picturros:(. i thought i would hate the keyboard but even though i sometimes press other keys by accident it will correct the mistake or save it if i wish to do so.Pros: very customizable (controls), radio, messaging, keyboard, loud speakerCons: CAMERA!!! 0.3 megapixls (are you kidding me?),vibration is active for both calls and texts, but its pulses of vibrations.

This was a great purchase. It is simple, great quality, user friendly phone. This phone is like a blackberry, but easier to use. No bells and whistles, but offers more than I needed for a basic phone. This is about my 20th phone I have ever used. I am very happy with it, and plan on keeping it around for quite a while. It has a small QWERTY keyboard, but the keys are easy and just big enough to use without a struggle. I have arthritis in my fingers, and do not have a problem with the keys. The camera is clear, the rings are varied and easily heard. Texting is a breeze on this phone. It does not have 4g or touchscreen capabilities, so if you are looking for the fancy extras, this is not for you. I do not have a prepaid plan, but am on a 2 year contract with T-Mobile. I am not due for an upgrade, and do not want one. I am tired of having to extend my contract for 2 years when I get a new phone. I bought this phone for under $60, took my sim card out of my current phone, and am up and running just like that. I am a very happy camper!!!!

A great phone easy to use, not to fancy not to boring, comes with everything you need to activate phone including sim card.

I have had this phone for a year now for use on the Wal-Mart Family Mobile plan. As others have noted the internet is not blazing fast, but you're working with a 2x3 screen so if your plan is throttled it will actually take you longer to cap out because the screen is smallish. The camera is nothing to write home about, resolution is fine when viewing on the phone and okay for sending via text but posting online will demonstrate it's shortfalls very quickly... Actual phone conversations are clear and ring/alert volume can be very loud if you wish it to be. The keyboard - once I became used to the tiny keys - is very easy to use, and for someone who does actually text a lot I like that feature the most (however, a few of my keys are starting to chip, no biggie when I'm used to qwerty, but annoying from an appearance standpoint). It's a good, solid phone and with the silicone case I found it has been dropped a few times with no damage - plus it *looks* good. The apps are nothing special, I use their basic Facebook and Twitter function - and had been using the chat program until suddenly I couldn't; the chat will no longer connect and gives me a "check your connection settings" message. Dunno what I did. Considering the price and the overall usability for my purposes, I would strongly recommend this phone to anyone looking to bridge the gap between smart phones and traditional phones - someone who wants a bit of social connectivity but not full-on internet experience... Or, someone like myself that has iPhone/Android-envy but can't justify the monthly service fees. Good phone, nice job Nokia.

is a good phone, not a smart phone but good basic phone.  Good battery life nice to text, ok features.

My previous phones were the EVO HTC with Sprint...lots of problems...then a little freebie from Cricket...it was like going back to the 90's. I decided to try T Mobile Pre-Pay Plan as they have a product for $30 a month that gives me all the web time I need and a few minutes for my occasional phone usage. I did a lot of research before buying this model and it gave me at $70 the most bang for the buck. The menus are clear and easy to understand. It is easy to upgrade by adding a 16 gb card as I did. I live inside of a very remote stucco house, with wire mesh in the walls and I have had severe problems with Sanyo and Samsung products for reception. Nokia seems to be best at working inside my home. This is my second Nokia and I am please with the phone, it is a good compromise between the high-tech and unreliable EVO and the reliable but low tech Cricket number I just gave away after 3 months use.

The phone didn't meet my needs. It was also way over priced. It sold for $85, but the packaging had two stickers showing prices of $60 and a reduced price of $35.

Have owned this phone for 6 weeks and have been on the phone with customer support at least 6 or 7 times. The keypad locks itself continually even when the lock is disabled!!! Also, even worse, the text message function breaks down often so that messages can't be sent. Buying this phone was a huge mistake. Buyer BEWARE!!!!

Great receptionEasy txting with keyboardPerfect for pre-paid customersthis would be the best phone ever if the camera wasn't horrible. you think by now a decent camera would be standard. but it's still very good for what i need it for. i have prepaid,, so i don't need a smartphone, this is perfect.

The clicking is the worst. I'm a huge texter, and the qwerty keyboard attracts me because I can text without looking, but the clicking gives me away everytime! It's quite annoying and a little embarrassing in a quiet room. It's gotten to the point where I don't text at all. HOWEVER, if your just looking for a phone to call out and send little texts, go for it. I've dropped, threw, wet, and scratched it numerous times and it still works(unfortunately).

I got my phone before the date it was suppose to come it has been working very well and since I got a great service I got two more Nokias and don't regret it.

When I first got the phone, I fell in love with it, and I even got a yellow case for it, a couple months later, it started to freeze for no reason, I don't have any music or tons of photos on my phone so it can't be from the overload in memory, this phone is killing me!! I take good care of it but it's not doing it's job, if I wan to use it, it gives me a bright white screen instead of the homepage, so if I ever wanted to dial 911, I might be out of luck because this phone stops working 50% of the time.

I am no techno geek by a longshot, nor do I need all the bells and whistles (and price) of a smart phone. For under $80, this phone is comfortable in the hand, has great sound, is easy to text, has great tones available, has a decent camera/video camera, has super music options, is great for browsing the web, has incredible battery life, is super easy to use, and is made by NOKIA. Its perfect! I purchased the rubber capsule to protect it from drops, as well as screen protectors to keep it from getting scratched for an additonal $5, and splurged for the red one so I can find it in my purse. LOVE IT.

the screen stopped working 1 week after i brought this junk phone. the internet browser is lame and slow. i hate this phone. so not worth the money. i rather sign a million year contract with t mobile to get a free android phone, then to use this garbage phone!

excellent phone with full keyboard, with good applications, connectivity to various social networking accounts and post a good smart phone

This is the worst phone I have ever owned!  Everyone has difficulty understanding me when I call them, and the speakerphone is even worse--there is so much feedback on the other end that it is almost impossible to understand anything.Nokia's customer service is terrible as well.  I have tried to get this phone fixed or return it but no one has been able to help me, although I have received several emails from them that make absolutely no sense at all!

Have to say that I am an unsophisticated cell phone user.  This phone is great for my purposes.  Easy for me to figure out.  Have not had any issues with service and look forward to continued success.  Would recommend.

I like this phone. I actually ordered 2 and they all came in time and looked original in the t-mobile boxes.

I left Verizon and replaced a 4-year-old LG EnV2 phone with this phone because the user reviews were pretty good overall, but I can't figure out what all the excitment is about. I have had this phone only 2 months, and when the money runs out on my no-contract plan I'm going to take my lumps and ditch this phone. It looks like a Blackberrry, but lacks even simple necessities such as an audible tone (or a vibrate) every couple of minutes to let you know you have missed a call or text message. I have to physically pick up the phone and look at it to know I've missed a call or text. There is too little memory to download the card games I like, and the games that come with it are simple kid's games (and most are trials, not actual games). Except for Sudoku they are all simple kid's games. The camera's picture quality is horrible, as many other reviewers have already stated, and recorded videos are bad quality and difficult to locate. Disappointingly, internet navigation is so difficult and slow that I finally gave up on checking my email. Finally, today my battery died (remember- I've only had this phone 60 days) and I had to get a replacement battery from T-Mobile.Pros:Large clear screen with great display.Keyboard places often-used symbols (such as comma, @, and ?) in easy-access locations and does not require use of the function key to type them.Can custom set navigation keys to access the apps you use most (camera, web, contacts).Battery holds charge...forever.CONS:No audible alerts that you have a missed call or text!No way to load photos to SD card. Have to email them to myself.T-Mobile network! Holes all over the "coverage" area, numerous issues with billing, and losing minutes to outer space with no explanation by T-Mobile as to what happens to them.Memory too limited for downloads.Unless you just want a cheapo kid's phone with no special features, save your money. And if you want a great cell network, T-Mobile ISN'T for you!

I like the phone it picks up better than my android but the internet access sucks other than that I like it

I returned the phone. The keyboard felt very cramped which maybe I could have gotten use to. The bigger problem for me was,  I could barely hear the person speaking and I have good hearing. I would not recommend this phone.

i've had this phone for 8  months. recently, it's started this insanely annoying habit of just shutting off in the middle of me sending a text message. today it happened five times in thirty minutes. so, so over it. and the warranty lasts for...6 months? eh, never again.

I like the fact that it has a full keyboard: make it easy to type SMS, emails, IMs, respond to social networks posts. You can use Opera Mini and Ovi Browser beta for internet browsing, which is nice. Phone can do photos and videos. A lot of applications are available in Ovi Store. Besides, this is a great music device: you can listen to your own MP3s and also to FM radio stations (it will even display song titles in radio!). Quick, stable and well thought-through. And price is more than affordable! Light and looks cool. Nice job Nokia!.

it's a okay phone holds a long battery life, but when u push the buttons it makes noise, i dont like that very much so, i gave the phone to my boyfriend who doesnt mined the noise.

Tho I like this phone my first one died after a litte over a yr. New one I just ordered is ok but it sometimes wont hold my selections for ring tones. It has gone back to default settings many times which is a bit annoying. If the phone opperates as its suppose to I think its a really nice phone.

This is a solid and low cost phone. It is very customizable and is great for texting and calls. I do not have a dataplan, so I can't comment on its internet features. Noteworthy is that you can use this phone if you are under contract with T-Mobile and just want to switch to a different phone, for cheap. It includes a few games, which is good because I've paid more for funs to only bring demos.The camera is pretty lackluster though.

This is a great middle of the road phone for someone who wants to go from a standard keypad phone to something with a keyboard for texting but not a full on smart phone.  Unfortunately, I only had the phone for about 4 months before the decals on the keypad began wearing off and by month 6 I couldn't read many of the buttons. T-mobile customer service was less than helpful and called it customer caused damage instead of a bad product design.  I ordered a new keypad from eBay and it has suffered the same fate.Other than the keyboard wear the features and interface of the phone are good and I would like to keep it.  The bottom line though is if you keep the phone in your pocket and are fairly active, look for another phone unless you want to be looking for another new phone in a few months.

Very Pleased With PurchaseNokia phones have always been very reliable; no substitute will do.  It is  not perfect, but it is the best phone having keys available.  I had another Nokia X2 previously, but I dropped it and it broke.  Purchased two other brands because I could not find the NOKIA X2, but they were very inferior.  I was lucky to find this one with Amazon.  It's a solid phone with fairly good voice quality.

i bought this for my brother in jamaica and he loved it,, it works in jamaica because it uses a chio and thats what we use.

I just received my phone from Amazon, got it set up online and started using it within an hour. I didn't have to mess around with contract commitments and those credit checks that make everyones stomach tighten a little even if they have "good" credit. Basically you pay for what you use. This was an inexpensive phone that let's you stay connected socially (i.e. Facebook, Twitter etc.) as well as make a simple phone call.

I bought this to replace my broken Blackberry with my T-Mobile plan.  No problem using the sim card with this phone.  The phone is not very user friendly, but does the job.

a big beautiful prepaid cell, looks like a blackberry nice camera and video, clear calls fits great in my hand .no problems at all.ordered other cellphones after this one and this is still my favorite sometimes I wish I didn't order the other ones.as I said I love this phone I see me having this for a long time when my other cellphones are dead and gone.yahooo!

I bought this phone for traveling.  I am quite happy with what it does.1. Long battery life, the phone can be on standby mode for days on end without being charge, I think I have it for a week without charging, of course I wasn't using it much except maybe looking at the time.2. Cheap, so, no crooks would even think about getting their grubby hands on this brick of a phone3. It takes pictures, it is a bit blurry if you do not have extremely sturdy hand to while taking pictures. I just can't send it or e-mail it.4. I used it in China for two months, the charger works for the Chinese current too, just like the apple products.5. Easy to buy a SIM card for it.6. Quality of the sound is okay, not great, but it works.7. The keyboard is "Clicky" yes, it is sort of annoying when you are typing a long message.8. I poured a bit of coke on the phone by accident, it is still working now.9. The reception is okay, it depends on the service provider you have on the SIM card.I think that is about it. Hope it helps

digo que el telefono es bueno por que tiene sus funciones basicas y para el precio esta bien , pero esa esperiencia es por que compre un x2 en mi pais ya que el nokia que compre en amazon .com nunca me llego y no hay manera de comunicarme o de hacer un reclamo.I say the phone is good because it has basic functions and the price is good, but that EXPERIENCE is buying a x2 in my country since the nokia to buy on amazon. com never arrived and no way to communicate or make a claim.

I bought this phone when my old phone decided to give me problems, not wanting to shell out $250+ for another touchscreen, which is not what I wanted; I opted for looking online. I came across this prepaid-knowing my sim chip would work in it anyways, I thought Id give it a try. I love this phone. It has everything I personally need! Music player, easy navigation.. and no touchscreen to give me problems! I love how you can have an inbox view for text messages or set it to a conversation view (like a blackberry). The camera is so so, but I didnt buy the phone for the camera. The battery life is amazing. I text alot, i also browse the net from time to time on this phone; i tested it strength this weekend, took it off the charger friday morning, didnt get it back on it til sunday night- with not one single charge in between and it made it through the entire weekend! All in all, Im very pleased with the phone!

I've been a T-Mobile cust for several years and changed my acct to prepaid when my 2 yr contract ended.  I recently purchased this phone for the great keyboard and overall affordability.  Super phone if you don't need all the bells and whistles of the high end smart phones while still getting plenty of features with very easy set up and use.  I love it.

I didnt like the squeaky select button in the middle of the D-pad. It make a loud clicking noise im not fond of. The keyboard is so-so. Buttons are a little on the hard side and makes clicking noise. I prefer softer keys and less noisy ones. I will probably return the item. Without Wifi this thing is a waste because most functionality require data connection and it doesn't have 3g so theres that going for it. The screen is bright and good enough for most including me.BUT THIS BABY LOOKS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. If it had some metal accents and better OS I would pour everything it. This is ONE SEXY design. Kudos to Nokia. It looks damn good.Cons are the CAMERA VGA? Outrageous. Video is half VGA quality. Great!! This could have been a premium device with just better camera and wifi keeping the near $100 price range.

I bought this phone to replace a lost cell. I did not know if Tmobile would be able to get my contacts from their database. Even the worker who worked with me didn't think it would. He said only Smartphones had the cabability to do so , but lo and behold, this phone was able to...

I gave this five stars as this phone is perfect for my needs (phone/text):1. I text a lot, so I needed a full keyboard. The keyboard is easy to use, buttons are large and labelled clearly. Clicking sound is a little noisy when pressing keys, but that's fine.2. Phone functionality - works great. No problems with calls. Good service, likely because I'm in a major city. Phone volume is fine, I can hear clearly and have received no complaints from the other end. Headset works.Pros:1. Easy to read screen, customizable home page, easy to customize keyboard shortcuts.2. FM radio/headset works good and compatible with RDS (tells you the station and the name of the song)3. Internet browser - I don't get online a lot, but I have used the internet browser to get a quick phone number. Easy to navigate. I turn off photo loading to make the page load faster/cut down on data fees.4. Works with Wal-Mart Family Mobile (just put in the sim card and start making calls).5. Compatible with Nokia software to backup contacts.Other observations:1. A little bulky, very noticeable in the pocket compared to my old 6500 classic.2. Cheap plastic casing - not a deal breaker for me. The plastic keeps it light weight,In conclusion - if you are on the phone a lot (I am for work) and like a full keyboard to text. This is the phone.3. Camera - not great, but gets the job done. My car got hit in a parking lot, took photos to send to insurance company. Nothing to cheer about but got the job done.I can't comment on:1. Social networking functionality (I don't need to know what my best friend in fifth grade is eating for dinner).2. Apps - I don't use this, no need to stare at my phone all day.In summation, if you need a phone to call and a keyboard to text. This is it. Was able to buy it from Amazon at a great price with fast shipping.

I used this phone to replace my aging Blackberry. I love a phone with a keyboard for sending text messages.I used my existing sim card instead of the card supplied and continued with my existing T-Mobile account.I will gladly recommend this phone to my friends!

I bought this phone for my sister when TMobile refused to fix her Nuron for the 3rd time (that is by far the WORST phone I've ever seen). I read the reviews and this phone was capable of taking her sim card and using it even though she does not have a pre paid plan. The phone arrived yesterday and she loves it. It has a light feel while still being sturdy and in my opinion, works better than some Blackberrys. The battery life seems great so far and the sound and buttons are really responsive. I don't know why so many people complained about the camera, it's not THAT bad. It's a little fuzzy being VGA but it could be worse or not even have a camera on it. The only complaint that I have about this phone is that every store I went to and looked at this phone said it was compatible with the OVI store, including TMobile stores. They all said it would work, but it doesn't. Apparently it's NOT compatible with OVI. It's a letdown because she can't download everything she had before, but she'll live. All in all, it's a good phone, but it doesn't work with OVI.

only frustration has been that the center button doesn't always work properly, ie, pushing it to get a particular thing doesn't always result in that happening (primarily answering a call), and one has to push the button repeatedly.  I've had 2 of these phones and the first one did the same thing (I returned that one )

PlusesErgonomics- domed hard plastic keys that are nice to type on, big navigation array (the four way  toggle can be used to set four shortcuts)Ports- 2.5 mm headphone hack and micro usbBatttery life- I could get through the better part of a week of light use on a single charge if I turned it off during the hours I sleptDurability- This phone has taken a beating with me. It's fallen down a flight of stairs, spent several minutes at the bottom of a pool, been dropped countless times, and everything still works.MinusesLow res VGA camera, bit blurry too, I've taken better pics on my old flip phonesThe browser was slow and laggy for me, I didn't surf muchLack of app selection, most t zones apps I tried were incompatibleNot much storage spaceNeutralThe screen is a bit pixellated and the colors are flat, but it's nice and bright at least.Call quality was ok, loud enoguh, somewhat clear, but there tended to be a slight background hum.Loudspeakers are not very crisp or clear, but they get fairly loud and you're going to use your headphones mostly anyway

Seller needed to mention that this phone has no wireless capacity for the price charged Seller needed to mention that this phone has no wireless capacity for the price charged Seller needed to mention that this phone has no wireless capacity for the price charged Seller needed to mention that this phone has no wireless capacity for the price charged

I needed a phone until my contract was up but I did not want a simple flip phone. I think this was a bit expensive for the quality of the phone but I am satisfied for the most part. The phone freezes at times and can get slow. There have also been quite a few occasions where I answer and I cannot hear the person on the other end even though they can hear me. However, it can take a few falls and does the job.

Got the phone with a keyboard to facilitate texting but sometimes texts don't send. Like for hours. Turning phone off and then on, going outside etc all failed. Taking out the battery for a couple of minutes then rebooting seems to work. Not real convenient. Reloaded the firmware but the problem still happens. Works great for voice calls and receiving texts. Wish I bought a different phone.

Basic phone. Works ok for calls & texts. This is a very basic Smart phone with very basic internet access.

This phone serves its purpose and beyond. It is at a very good price and a good quality phone. I suggest it to anyone who does not want to tangle themselves in a 2 year contract.

The Nokia X2 has a nice design, a simple menu template, and good call quality. Basically, it gets the job done. I didn't have a data plan for the phone, so I cannot comment on the internet quality.There are a few concerns I had with this phone. One was randomizing of the text conversation threads. Once in a while, the phone would randomly mix up my conversation threads if I had more than one thread (messages from a conversation thread I had with John would end up in Mary's conversation thread in a random order.) Another gripe is the phone's tendency to shut off on its own. It would sometimes freeze as well. Also, it sometimes took forever to find signal in the most common of places. Sound quality was not the best, and using a headset to listen to your music was redundant, since the sound would come out of the phone speakers whether or not it was plugged in.Overall, a couple bucks more would get you a better phone. There are better alternatives.

i bought form me to replace the phone i lost it great came fast and i still have the same number with sim swap

First, it is new and not refurbished.  It comes with a sim card and instruction manual as well as accessories to get you off and running fast.  The battery is mega-tons better than most phones available.  I love this phone!  I know that with 3gb it can't be expected to perform fast web browsing and that's not an issue as I have a laptop and prefer watching movies and web browsing on it.  Also, I have had T-mobile for about five years now and I love it!!!So for the price investment, this phone can't be beat!  If you are looking for a fast web browsing experience, though, I'd pass on this phone.

Awesome phone but it freezes sometimes 1-2 min after start up, it is very rare though. Overall, great product nokia!

I ordered this phone on Saturday and got it Monday night from Amazon. I have to say this, after opening the box and inserting my T-Mobile Sim card, I was scratching my head and wondering if this was just another stupid cheap phone. I almost shoved everything back in the box and send back to Amazon for refund. I am an Iphone and Samsung Galaxy S 4G user and I just did not want to bother with this cheap phone. But I decided to dig in deeper and see what this phone can and can't do.First of all, if you are a touch screen person as I am , this phone is not for you.After playing with it for couple hours I started liking this little cheap phone even thought the internal memory suck big time and does not allow you to install many applications.1- I like it because I can have five emails set-up and it was very easy to do.2- I have all my Yahoo, MSN , Whatsapp and google messngers all installed and they work great. Also facebook and twitter apps come pre-installed.3- sending and receiving messages and picture message is simple and easy and fun.4- Sending Email is a snap. Also, you are alerted of new emails in your box.5- Surprisingly, the Camera is not as bad as you would think, its not the best but it does the job.6- The screen and display is really clear and pixels are not noticeable as someone mentioned.7-Be sure you go to OVI STORE and install Opera Mini browser and other apps that you can use on this phone. Not too many apps for this phone but I found Opera, Whatsapp.8-Battery life is great so far, I used it all night last night and day today and the battery still full.9- Music Player is great and so is the FM radio but u have to use the headphone to listen to Radio.10- This is not 3G but it is quite fast even using EDGE. I watched youtube and it was not really bad.The Cons:1- Internal memory sucks2- Small keyboard3- No volume controls on the side4- Not the fastest Internet but it does the jobThis is a good phone for price and sure does the job if you are not looking for something fancy. This is good for people who like to text and do social networking. I have decided to keep it and use as much as possible. Taking back my Galaxy prior to my 14 days return policy expires...this phone is more than what I need for now...If you decide to buy one, try it and play with it for few days and am sure you will get used to it. I did!

I can see how many people would gripe about this phone. The buttons are a little clicky and the features are limited, however this thing is great if you are like me. What do I mean? I hate having to committ to a 2-year contract to get a new phone. You know the phone will only last you a year before you have to upgrade and they got you for another 2 years, and so begins a dirty, ugly, vicious circle I had to get away from.The keys are a bit clicky but are very comfortable to the touch and easy to the texter. The screen is nice and big with good enought resolution. Im not going to watch movies on my phone so the graphics are good enough. The camera is okay but pic quality is a bit lacking. All in all I give it a 5 out of 5 due to its low cost, no contract and pretty good immitation of a blackberry.

Granted I'm not a wiz when it comes to electronics but I am really impressed with my Nokia X2. It has done just what I needed it to. I'm a hello, goodbye along with taking some pictures and a little texting type person. Everything works as described and the battery life is awesome. A really good phone if your in for very good basics.

I went through the idea I "needed" a smart phone and tried out a Samsung Galaxy. It was a great phone, do NOT get me wrong. (Camera is extraordinary, by the way.) But due to our rural area and the fact the data portion of my carrier (T-Mobile) is not so hot in our region, I decided it was either change to the two carriers that have good data reception in our area....or perhaps, I didn't REALLY need a smart phone and I really LIKE not paying fiftyplus quatloos a month for cell service. I'm not much on cell phones, anyway. I use them for when I am out and can't be reached. Otherwise, not a big fan.In fact, I think the reason we see people gazing transfixed to their phones (while standing at the cash register, talking to you etc) is not because they can't tear themselves away from their smart phone but because it takes a long time to download a page over 4G or 3G. Ah-hum.So after a mighty search (worse than shopping for a car, far worse) I decided to stay with my pre-pay T-Mobile, go mainly for phone service and some messaging (very little) add a camera (for quick snaps) and a few web services like checking the market if I am out of the office. After examining all the Apple, Samsung, LG, HTC, Blackberry,  Motorola phones (all pretty cool phones), strangely enough, good ol' Nokia had exactly what I wanted.The Nokia X2 fit the bill. It's a great looking phone. The keyboard is not bad, the screen is bright. The screen icons are easy to use. It's not overloaded with bloat-o-rama apps I don't want and I spend about what you'd spend on two months of a contract for the phone and about all the minutes I use in a year. And since I'm gold status with T-Mobile as a ten year long customer, my minutes don't expire. I could not use my old sim card (the phone I replaced is so old it gets laughed at) but transfering my number over to the X2 took all of 2 minutes on the phone with T-Mobile and their customer service was acceptable (after I screamed REPRESENTATIVE nastily to the auto-bot menu, refusing to deal with its inane and irrelevant importunities for telling me what I already knew or didn't want to do.)The camera, frankly, sucks. It does the job but it has a lot of noise and doesn't live up to its megapixel billing. The focus was just as lousy when I left the protective membrane on the lens as when I remembered to remove it!The video cam is actually fairly good. It defaults to a short (three second or so) clip but you can change that. I find it very easy to use and useful.The lock feature--love love love. Easy to unlock (hit center button, then the uparrow function button lower left.)It plays MP3--pretty good. Replaces my Sansa clip and you can put in a micro SD card.The form factor-- a bit slippery. I added a case and some accessories as it doesn't come with a USB cord (but I had plenty of mini USB) and no carrier for the micro SD card to put into the computer--but it hooked up directly through a mini USB cable I happened to have. No car charger of course.So add some accessories (I think I paid all of ten-or-so quatloos for that) and you have a functional, easy -to-use phone with minimal investment, and you can pay as you go. Phone or My T Mobile to add minutes. Couldn't be easier.Summary: You want a budget cell phone with some features but aren't so fussy on camera, apps and really all you want is cheap and flexible service with a nice screen and a keyboard? This is great. Not perfect, mind you, but pretty darn good.

I`ve been using T-Mobile pre paid phones for sometime,and i love the idea of a pre paid phone.When you purchase a pre paid phone card for $100.00 you get 1000 minutes to use anytime,which works out to be $.10 per minute.My last cell phone was a Samsung SGH-t239 of which i didn`t have very long.Every time i wanted to call or text someone,the buttons got stuck.The Nokia X2 is a great pre paid cell phone,and has everything that i need.If i can find any fault with the phone the numbers are really small,but i`m managing.

Good evening I'm Ecuadorian I imported such phones nokia X2-01 but I can not activate in my country ... I would like to help me with the unlock code for these cell phonesthanks

This phone is pretty good. The good things about it are the keyboard and the price. The bad things are the buttons because they are really loud and the camera is not very good. Its a pretty good phone but if you dont like loud phones with bad cameras then this isnt the phone for you

So I was reading the reviews on this phone and it features. I thought to myself this is my kind of phone.Text Messaging & Picture Messaging;-I really like the full key board with a good size for the keys and huge space bar which was a personal favorite.-The conversational thread feature is great. No more inbox view but if you prefer it there is an option to switch. I like how everyone i texts had there own folder specifically for them. When you delete messages you can delete by folder which is very nice. The memory storage is amazing cause I'm someone who like to keep messages so i can back to read later for fun. The phone can keep tons of messages.-I like the T9 Prediction that helos me spell out huge words without typing out all the letters. I am a person who has to spell everything out so that a big help!-Picture Messaging format was kinda weird. When you open it hard to view your message so you have to do some playing around before you get a hang of it.-Making a picture message was a little simpler than viewing one but still kinda weird from normal phones so i suggest you play around with that as well.Phone Calls ;-Great sound quality!-Good speaker volume but could be just a bit louder for my taste-Making calls is pretty simple like any other phone but let say you typing a text message someone calls you and you accept. Your screen goes back to you typing the message not to the phone call screen. So you might get confuse sometimes whether you picked up the phone or not.-Ringtone volume is AMAZINGLY loud! Love it!Music, Radio , Camera & Picture Quality ;-Music volume with the earphones can be much improve. Im a loud room you won't ba able to hear the music very well.-Radio has a great feature, it shows you the title of the song which i think is way cool-Camera quality is okay but could be much more improve but it gets the job done.-Picture quality is not the bast kinda suckish if i do say myself. Very disappionted but all the other features make up for the lacking in that area.-When you full screen a picture it not clear as the orignal but blurry.-Zooming makes the picture very blurry as well.Web ;-Pretty good web feature for a pre-paid phone & price.-Can connect with Facebook, Twitter, & other popular social networking.-Load time is pretty quick but lags at time.-Good resolution on the screen.-Watching videos online might take awhile to load but GREAT quality. Go figure.Apps ;-Has your basic calculator, calender, timer, alarm clock, games, voice recorder, to-do list, notes, & etc.-the games that came with the phone is pretty fun wish there were more. my favorite is "Bounce" which is not a demo!!! so you have the full game!Settings (Home Screen, Ringtones, Security etc.) ;-WHEN YOU PUT YOUR PHONE TO CHARGE IT DOES NOT VIBRATE ONLY TUNES! i did not know this little tidbit cause my previous phones all vibrate whike charging. so i spent hours trying to work the seetings on my tones. just a little head up to ppl.-no , lighting change. only one type.-many different wallpaper & theme to choose from but if you want to use a picture that is not already included in the phone you will have horrible quality. it'll look like your looking at a blurry blob of color. another great disappointment.-you are able to customize your homescreen with this phone. i really like this features because it gives me so much shortcuts that i can get into my radio, converstions, pictures, web, camera, & other things just on my homescreen!-you can also have personal favorites on your screen which is a nice little feature!-I found that it doesn't show the date on your screen if you do choose to customize it but it an easy fix just have a shorcut to your calender on the home screen.Others ;-Visual voicemail which is great cause i can pick which message i want to listen too!-T-Mobile mall is great! many great things to buy!-Lock keys is very good way to not accidently dial or anything-Contact book good format-OVI Services avaible*PROBLEMS*-this phone is not 3G it's actually a 2.5G phone so it will lagg if your trying to go very fast* laggs if too many meesages come in at once* trying to go through menu options at a quick speed* screeen freezes from time to time if use too much-this phone has a GREAT battery life but takes forever to charge which is annoying at times!-leave the charger on when full battery make cause some lagging-messages in canversations might end up in the wrong folder at times which to fix turn off your phoneOverall this phone is a great phone for ppl who are big on texting & web who doesn't want a two year contract. Has some awesome features for a pre-paid phone. Worth every penny you spent on it. Could be better but the phone is great. i reconmend this phone to almost everyone!

I buy these for my son, who drops phones in the oddest places; sinks, sewers, under cars, etc. He texts a lot, thumbs just flying. He complains that he wants an Iphone and data, etc. but given his proclivity to lose, break, or drown phones, I'm not going there. This is a decent phone, sturdy and cheap, and you can just swap your SIM card from your previous phone into it and you're ready to go.

This is the worst phone that i ever purchased.. At first the phone was working just fine until two days later, the phone had start dropping all of my calls... the phone would blink off when ever it feel like it and the speaker isn't that loud, it takes forever to browse the internet and i hate it.... the only thing the phone is really good for is texting because every thing else sucks.... so to all you buyers if you are looking to buy this phone please dont waste your time save your money this phone is not the one.....

Let me start off by saying that this phone is incredible for it's pricing. I was looking for a cheap, affordable, yet good quality and useful phone. I got all that, and then some.Calling- 5/5- Call quality is great, especially for a non-smartphone. Voices sound crystal clear and has decent background noise canceling. With T-Mobile's plans, at least the one I have, calling people is cheap, and I even have a package that gives me 100 minutes, unlimited texts and unlimited data for only $30.Texting- 4/5- The texting on this phone is very fluent, with a full qwerty keyboard, it feels nice typing out words as supposed to a screen or a flip phone's number keys. Texts go through instantly with no lag whatsoever, and are received without lag as well, which with some phones, is a problem. You can turn off autocorrect, which is very helpful because autocorrect really takes away from the simplicity of texting.Design- 4/5- The design is a Nokia. So as expected, the hardware is spectacular, and the phone is pretty much indestructible. And I mean that in every sense of the word. The phone has a hard and very thick layer of plastic all around it. The screen is thick as well, so it doesn't crack nearly as easily. The screen instead however, scratches rather easily, which is not too big a problem, or becomes bad enough to detract from looks or user experience. The phone comes with a rather shallow 75mb of memory to store phone data as well as previous texts, and whatnot. The phone also has a very slow processor and a very tiny amount of RAM, which is terrible, but because this phone is not a smartphone, can easily be lived with. There is no volume rocker, which may sound insignificant, but is a big deal, because turning up and down the volume on the phone is so much more difficult than it needs to be. Last thing worth mentioning with hardware is that this phone has a micro sd card slot, which is a huge plus. You can watch movies, listen to music, save pictures and more with it.Software- 1/5- Now this is where this phone takes a HUGE dive. Nokia has always been known for superb hardware, very tough and longlasting phones, but their software has always struggled. This phone, unfortunately, suffers greatly from those same stereotypes. To start the interface on this phone takes some serious getting used to. It is unlike any kind of phone you've used without a doubt, and getting around the phone is a very tedious task for the first week or two of using this phone. This definitely detracts from overall experience. Also there are many known bugs with this phone in terms of its texting features. THe texting is fine, but every once in a while, your phone will decide to freeze entirely after sending a text and the "Your message has been sent" notification pops up. This gets very frustrating, and requires you to simply press the end button a few times to break out of the freeze. The solution to this problem came after many times this happening and finally finding out that this works. I'm sure many people didn't have the benefit of someone telling them how to unfreeze it. Next is a chronic freezing problem induced completely by random when the phone's memory is more than half full. Every once in a while, very rarely, but has happened to me three times since I got this phone a year ago, the phone will decide to freeze. Doesn't sound too bad right? Well with this freeze, you need to pop out your battery and turn it on. Catch is, is when you turn it back on it will freeze within about a minute of starting up.So you will have to keep popping out your battery and putting it back in until it stops freezing on startup. I have had this problem last up to two hours at a time, of continuous popping in and out the battery. This is SCARY this first time it happens because it seems like the phone is going to be frozen forever. You just have to keep trying to get it working again.Verdict-----3/5The phone is great for the price, with a practically indestructable body, a qwerty keyboard, good call quality, and nice texting. However, as stated above, the only real problem keeping this phone from a perfect 5/5 score is it's vomit inducing software that is buggy and glitchy to no end, to the point that it severely detracts from experience. It is a good buy for the price. But be warned, ALL phones that are cheap, and you know are cheap, because you are looking to be cheap, will ALWAYS have problems of sorts.

First, I'll admit that I am not a technology enthusiast AT ALL.  I am a dinosaur who wants a telephone to actually make and receive calls!  (This phone replaced a RAZR, which should tell you that I am not cutting edge.)  Anyhow, I am not interested in texting, surfing the internet, making photos, or any of that stuff.  I just want to press number keys and talk to someone.That said, this phone is very attractive and suits my purposes very well.  I like the larger display, and the keypad is not difficult to use even though the keys are small. Incoming calls are clear and the speakerphone works fine.  I have used the camera, which like most cellphones is easy to do and produces semi-decent images.  For the money, I'll give this little phone a "thumbs up."

I love this phone.  I love that it's lightweight.  From the picture I thought it was going to be heavy and dense like a Blackberry, but it's not.  I don't know why but it feels really good to hold in your hand. It's sort of a perfect palm length and it's neither slippery nor sticky.This phone is everything I want without the stuff I don't want.  I have a separate Ipod Touch so did not want an Android phone.  I prefer to keep my phone just a phone. I want to go to sleep with my Ipod Touch, but I do not want to go to sleep with my cell (because of the potential radiation issues).This phone has the usual stuff, but also a radio, visual voicemail, web surfing and video recording. It has a great expansion slot where you can insert a microSD card up to 8GB to store all your videos.The battery has been holding up great so far. Love this phone.

Well I don't want to entirely give this phone a bad review but It wasn't a pleasant experience. I got it because i thought it would be a perfect phone for me since I am not a big fan of smart phones and what not. I needed a new phone since my old one started acting up. Anyway when i received the item everything seemed to be going good. I took off the back cover to find that some of the hinges had been broken, at first i thought it would be no big deal since it probably occurred during shipping or something but then when I began to actually use the phone and started to text I noticed that the back cover was loose. Today is Saturday and I've been in class for most of the day. I got the phone delivered yesterday at around 6 pm or so. Seriously? I had it less than a day and this really isn't good. But hey overall the menus are easy to use, the calling and texting are ok, although i wouldn't say so about the auto text, which tends to fix every word you say into something longer. Example, I texted my friend what are you doing I'm about to get home, and it corrected it to "what are you important get home." This also I didn't like. The actual qwerty keyboard seemed to be nice but the buttons are just way too small for me. he battery literally took forever to charge when i charged it, I left it on for about 8 hours straight, and it was already halfway full. Everything else on the phone I will not review since I haven't even had time to check all the things out. I wouldn't recommend the phone, I mean i thought it looked great and I can't really afford anything more high end since I am a college student and on a budget. Thank you for reading and I truly do hope this helps.

Dear friends,this phone is a very good device but I am in venezuela and they say  cannot unlock this phone. I bought a movilnet line and I would like to know the code to unlock this phone or how I can do this. I will apreciate your answer.Thank you.Omar Holder.

This phone worked fine. After a couple months of use the phone did start to freeze up and turn off on it's own.

As a basic phone, this phone is excellent.  It is easy to work.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who is not tech-savvy.  The last two phones I had, had defective sticky keys.

I read some scary reviews before purchasing this phone on Amazon, and my instincts were right: extremely negative reviews should be ignored if there are few enough of them. The phone has no complications so far and is working fine. It is the most modern phone I have had up to date. Take note: if you want and can afford a smartphone, buy one. This doesn't have the full capabilities of a smart phone, and Nokia doesn't claim that it does.I personally was looking for a sleek, easy-to-use, not-too-pricey phone that has a QWERTY keyboard. It matches those needs. The home screen is attractive and there are some decent ringtones. I don't usually play games, but there are tons of free games that seem fun (even Sudoku). There is no scrolly keypad thing like the Blackberry has, nor does it have a touchscreen. I also need a music player, but I have to purchase the USB cable separately in order to transfer music. Another plus is the battery life is very strong. The phone arrived half-charged and I have only charged it once in the past week, and the battery is still full. Maybe that's why the screen shuts off quickly? I am using pay-as-you go (outdated maybe, but I honestly don't care) so I don't know about the plans. Only hope there isn't a better deal somewhere else (like Cricket?)I don't really know about the extra features that are more smartphone-like such as web-to-go, email, and social networking. It would be cool if I could use these "apps," but they take forever to access and frankly its not that important to me.In conclusion, this phone should be more than adequate if you have basic expectations. It looks modern enough that no one will look at you funny when you pull it out, but neither will the phone turn any heads. If you are looking for the newest piece of technology, this isn't it. Buy an Android (or iPhone if you're really wild.)...Okay, not only did I purchase a customized USB cable, but now I need a specialized microSD card just to listen to music? How is the memory space already full? I can only fit 7 songs on this limited memory space! Why doesn't this phone come with the necessary accessories?? You can't do anything that the phone advertises without buying them separately. I hate being cheated.

Pros:1. Great battery life; I use the phone sporadically, and only need to charge it once a week, maybe.2. Nice feel, slim and on the heavy side, like a BB3. Good key locking feature so no accidental dialing4. I can set up my network provider on "manual", so I can stay with a weaker signal but not have to pay roaming charges if I cross the border (near the border)5. Large fonts (adjustable)6. Good keyboard for textingCons:1. Speakerphone rather weak2. No external volume controls (soft buttons)3. Doesn't charge through USB, only plug or carOverall, a good alternative to a BB, if you don't need data plan (prepaid with T-mobile).An elegant phone with an entry plan.

I recieved the Nokia X2 as a replacement phone and was told it could do apps from the OVI store and more. I find out that OVI no longer supports this phone. Also, it constantly needs an update from my car whenever it tries to auto connect to the bluetooth. Sometimes whenever I try to make a call through the bluetooth or recieve a call, the person on the other end can not hear me. The only way to get it to work again is to take the battery out and put it back in to reset it. It takes the most awful pictures. I have never been more unhappy with any phone in my life than I have been with this one. I have had plain flip phones that work better than this one. This phone is good for making regular calls and texting, that is it. Do not expect to be able to do much with this phone. My expectations were a little too high when I got this phone and it was a major letdown. I do not reccomend this phone to anyone.

i would like to start by saying that the only reason i gave it 4 stars was the fact that it was DECEPTIVE that the ovi store DOSE NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE i may be mistaken but i thought that it would be supported. (and they dont let me do 4 and 1/2 stars)i am going to deal with some myths circulating around this phone first there is no static when you use the phone. the phones camera is bad quality but that is to be expected. the music player is similar to the ipod. the video player is decent. there is barely any glare when i tilt the phone.that is all i can think of it is the best phone (in my opinion)for the tmobile prepaid line.

This is a great phone for prepaid accounts that include internet access. My only issue is that there is more info available on text messages than on voice messages, such as last call received, date and time, etc. Other than that, I love all of the other features such as the camera enabling photos to be added to contact info, internet search, full keyboard, calendar, and much more.

I have had a Nokia X2 prepaid for a couple of years and love the phone.  Last week, I lost my phone and I was lost without it.  I ordered another and it came in six days.I love this phone.  I only use it to make calls and send and receive texts from my children and grandchildren.

color and quality is just as shown....was very pleased and it fit perfectly on the phonecolor was vibrant just as the picture showed

ME ENCUENTRO EN VENEZUELA, EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ME PIDE UN C&Oacute;DIGO DE SEGURIDAD LE AGRADECER&Iacute;A ME ENVIARAN UN NUMERO TELEFONICO O UN CORREO EMAIL PARA PODER COMUNICARME CON EL PROVEEDOR

This is a nice phone for the price. My only complain about the phone is that the buttons make a lot of noise when you press them. so in class or wherever quiet, it you push the button, everyone can hear it clack, clack... Otherwise a good music phone, the sd card expansion is a big plus ..Lol as if there is a phone in the market without it. but the price was good for the product.

This is a very simple basic phone and reliable. Nothing fancy. It never stops working even after hard falls.Great price and durability

Love this phone!!Everything works very acceptable.  I have had Rzr and Samsung and Nokia phones in the past, but am happiest with the Nokia.  Now, to buy a micro SD card!!

I bought this phone last october 2011. The phone still works great. No problem with texting or calling. Good quality, very affordable phone,the battery last for a week  and durable.

I bought this phone as an upgrade to what I was using for the last several years with the T-Mobile ToGo service. I wanted a full keyboard for texting and bluetooth connectivity to use the phone in my car. Everything works as expected. The sound quality is good. The ergonomics are good, and the features are intuitive to use and easy to learn. The design works for me too: this is not a particularly small phone but it is slim enough to keep it in the pants pocket comfortably. The camera isn't spectacular but I am not going to use it anyway. I charge the battery once a week, and the phone can work longer on one charge if I want it to. We'll see if the battery life deteriorates with time - this and overall reliability are too early to judge. So far, seems like a good product for the price

Okay phone brought it to replace a blackberry! It CANT replace a blackberry! Dumbest replacement ever! Its good for people who dont care to have high end phones. It has email, web, text, phones, picture mail etc... Its okay picture quality is gross -_- seriously no good and messages take a while to send/receive and web is superrrr slow but that cause im used to the blackberry so for others it might not seem so bad. Its okay overall. buy with caution!

The Nokia X2 is not bad, the screen is bright. The screen icons are easy to use.  I was happy with the functionality of the phone. The keyboard is a bit small but I don't care.  It plays MP3--pretty good. with adding a extend memory card,I can save my favorite songs and take more pictures conveniently for my lovely daughter although the phone's camera is just so so.  It's good enough for the T-mobile prepaid line.

This was a surprise birthday gift for my mum & she loves it it works great have no problems with it.

I had this exact phone before but I thought I would try a different type of phone.....Now i'm back buying this phone again because it has been sadly missed. The Nokia X2 is my perfect phone, the battery last for days and its got a very straight forward user interface. Its not a touch screen and I guess it would be considered an entry-level smart phone wich is fine by me, it has an excellent camara and can take short video (not the greatest for video) I can only tell you that the phone is very pleasing to look at and I got the Amzer silicone case for it wich fits perfect and gives the phone just that little bit more substance feeling in my hand. Really can't say enough GOOD stuff about this phone....I HIGHLY RECOMEND THE NOKIA X2,..and NO I do not work for a cell phone company or anyone else for that matter in fact quite the opposite,...I'm on disability and use a Pre-Pay plan by T-Mobile, I get 1500 min a month for $30.00 +tax. Works just fine for me. Its sorta like a BlackBerry, BUT BETTER IN MY OPINION...Plus its cheaper to use (a blackberry costs $60.00 a mnth to use) this phone is HALF that and in my OPINION is a BETTER MADE PHONE, and I HAVE HAD BOTH. Good luck, I know I'm picky.

this phone its nice and easy to use and the price for smart phone like this is the best..some parts of the phones feels cheap but over all is good phone...i like it

First it comes with a Sims Card so you don't need to buy an activation card.Second I downloaded music before putting in a memory card. Well because I downloaded without the card any text, pictures etc. I couldn't view because it kept telling me my memory was full.  After a week and finally figuring out why I kept getting the full message it was resolved, I deleted the music I put on the phone. I'll stick to my MP3 player thank you very much.Now I love the phone.  I previously had a LG touch screen phone and realized I was too old for touching and nothing happened skipping letters etc. I realized I want to push buttons.Great buy, I'm very happy, it goes back to the old saying KISS, Keep it Simple Stupid.

Overall, we're very happy with the functionality of the phone.  It's got a lot of features for the money.  The keyboard is a bit small for my large fingers, but almost all times I did manage to hit the characters I wanted to enter.  The responsiveness of the OS is decent and the phone works great for voice calls.  One problem I do have with the phone is with adding a memory card.  The card slips in as it should.  But, it doesn't "hook" onto the inside of the phone, so it pops out again.  There is a cover which looked like it would hold the memory card in place, but it allows the card to slip out too much for it to make electrical contact.  Holding the card in place (manually) allowed the card to work, but that's not practicable.

Easy to use.  Great for our teenage son.  Phone does every function needed except finding wi-fi connection.  Great starter phone.

Like others have said, this phone is perfectly adequate for simple talking and texting, but it's not for someone who wants a high-functioning smartphone. The Internet feature is horrible: Web page navigation is impossible and it takes forever for pages to load. If I'm lucky I can check email messages but for some reason can't reply to them.This phone is only good as an inexpensive, interim or temporary phone for up to a year or so. I'm not a huge texter at all, but before the two-year mark as others have mentioned, the characters on some of the keys peeled off and are now totally whited out. And the keypad has a design flaw that causes me to continually inadvertently lock the keys and have to unlock them.It has its good points. As mentioned, it can take a lot of abuse and still function. It comes with a lot of nice apps and features that work pretty well. Everyone says it goes a long time without charging, but if you use the radio and music feature a lot as I do, it needs charging more often. It doesn't come with a lot of memory, so it doesn't hold a lot of songs or pictures without upgrading. The picture quality isn't good.Time to move on and get a Samsung Galaxy I guess.

i have an old nokia x2, but the buttons were worn out on it, that's why i got another one. even though it's an outdated phone, it'll last a long time. my old x2 still works, i just can't see what's on the buttons anymore. :)
