
Awesome cell phone with lots of features... very compact in size and the lightest phone i have used till date... very happy with the device... lg rocks again... :)

The phone overall was very nice. Didn't weight much and the touch screen was responsive. The Android OS ran well. I liked it overall. It being unlocked and cheap along with the Android OS made it a good buy I thought at the time. The problem I had was that while the features were nice I could not get the phone to update via the official tools. Others had this problem all over the world with this particular phone. Some had to wait for their cell providers to push out the update but those that bought it unlocked from various places had issues at the time. The choice I was left with at the time was to install the update myself. A process if done wrong could turn the phone into a paperweight. With no US warranty I didn't feel safe in doing so. So in the end I returned it and thankfully because the device was fulfilled by Amazon.com I was able to get my money back. If I had the chance to buy the phone again but with the update already installed I would as I am a fan of the Android OS and did like the phone overall. However I would warn people that if they do want to update and don't feel like taking certain risk to perhaps look for a different phone or one with a US warranty.

hello good morning I ask for his attention I buy two of these telephones which acquired the sum to me of 257,99 both... but they only estan to send one I want to me to know how is the disadvantage because they request revision to me of my payment and you already debited of my card that value to me I request his attention and they solve opposite case to me devuelvamen my money thanks

This phone is a pain to use, because it requires finger pressure, to push the screen.It uses a "resistive" screen.It is really worth it paying a little more and getting a phone with a "capacative" screenwhich is used on Apple touch screens for example.And it is very easy to break screen, because you have to repeatedly push hard on it.

The phone is wonderful, it came updated with andriod 2.1, which came with the sims 3. the sims 3 wont open or load though. the camera wont work unless you've inserted a memory chip. the screen is resistive which means it better to use you nails than your  skin. those are the cons.nice screen size. loads of free apps. great first time andriod phone.  love it

I like this phone.  I live in America, and it's cool owning a phone that was never officially sold here.  Unfortunately, it seems that my location in the world, coupled with the fact that my carrier is AT&T;, has created something of a handicap on the full potential of the GT540.  My biggest gripes: I can't get 3G at all and multi-media messaging (MMS) seems to be completely unavailable.  I've read into some solutions for these issues (most of which apply only to international owners, obviously), and while I was able to adjust the APN so I could gain access to mobile data (only Edge network), MMS still doesn't work.  I've also looked into a solution for my lack of 3G access, but it appears the phone's specs simply don't align with my carrier's.  As a side note, I've only had the phone for a couple weeks and am still looking into possible remedies.Other than these two larger issues, the only other problems I've run into have been minor quirks.  It's true that the touch-pad QWERTY buttons are a bit too small.  I have pretty small hands and fingers and I still find it a bit frustrating to text.  The internal memory (under 200MBs) is a bit of a problem, especially if you plan to take advantage of the Android OS.  It was easy enough to upgrade to 2.1, but I wouldn't advise to even bother with it unless you plan to 'root' the phone (which voids any warranty) and download a program that allows you to install apps to your MicroSD card...Which brings me to my last (small) complaint:  While the GT540 is supposedly compatible with MicroSD cards up to 32GB in memory, I've had some difficulty with compatibility between the phone and my 16GB card.  Apparently it's recommended that prospective MicroSD buyers get no less than a Class 6 card for anything 4GB and up.  I was only able to find a Class 4 16GB card, and after using it for a day and downloading a few songs, it suddenly told me the card was corrupt and I had to re-format it.  Since then it hasn't corrupted again, but every once in awhile an error pops up because the phone is having difficulty "preparing" it.  After a few seconds all is well again.  Hopefully I don't experience any other major problems with this in the coming weeks.In any case, I still give the phone 4 stars because it works well, looks awesome, and is a great value for the price.  I'm also hopeful that I'll be able to find a workaround or two for the problems I've run into, and remain optimistic.

I'm not saying this phone is bad, but I'm pretty sure the device I received is majorly faulty. After only about 4 months of use, the phone started giving me problems. It would turn off when in standby mode after 10-15 seconds, and the only way to turn it back on was to take out the battery and put it back in whenever you wanted to use it. The phone, when it was functioning, proved to be pretty good for the price (especially considering it's an unlocked device). I have wasted countless hours trying to fix the issue, trying everything from resetting to updating the firmware to ordering a new battery. None of these remedies seemed to cure the problem. The only way I can use my phone is to plug it in via USB cable, but now I can't even do that because the new battery does not come out and I am unable to turn the phone on at all. I can't get out my SIM card and this device has been reduced to a paperweight. Basically, this whole thing has been a big hassle for me and I ask you to steer away from this phone because there is no warranty.

This phone was perfect for my job I can say that is a great phone for a cheap price but Lg doesnt have yet a support for update the AndroidsOS.

Well my sister was having problems with this phone. And she decide to back to blackberry and she gave it to me. If had some problems with the screen so it got freeze most of the time. Firts i solve this problem downloading some european updates. And i worts perfect so i decide to install 2.3 cyanogen. Now i can run all app and keep finding pros like the camera and the screen originaly this one was a pain in the ass. great phone with 2.3 and awful with lg 2.1

great phone.very easy to upgrade to android 2.1 [...]BUT only 2G data on tmobile3G frequencies for phone are UMTS 900/2100tmobile: 1700/2100, but according to tmobile, need both to get 3G.For simple email, maps, browser, etc, 2G is fine, but if you are expecting 3G in USA, check carrier 3G frequencies.with $10/mth (200Mb) tmobile data plan, this is an excellent entry smartphone (unless you want to watch movies on your phone)

i bought this phone with so much excitement upgraded my phone plan so that i get unlimited internet so that when i recieved the phone i could just put in sim and sd card and fire away. not gonna happen no matter what i do i cannot connect to the internet it keeps telling me i have no connection. next thing i do is go to the t-mobile store where i live and spend 3 hours with a salesman trying everything he knows to help nothing the phone won't even go to three gs all it says up top is 2gs. so now i go home and call t-mobile and spend anothe 90 mins on phone with customer service trying everthing under the sun to connect to internet nothing . every now and then i'll hit a wifi spot but i should not have to use the wifi since i pay for internet service it should directly just log on and thats it. so know i'm wondering if anyone else has had this problem and has solution i'm about to send this phone back very unhappy.

Hasta ahora ha sido un producto super bueno. la bater&iacute;a dura mucho, y corre bien. lo &uacute;nico es que no se puede actualizar a Froyo, dado que LG no ha hecho esta actualizaci&oacute;n. Recomiendo este producto, por su precio es una buena compra para los que deseen un celular de gama media.

I bought this product on Dec 17.So far I am really happy with its features. I traveled overseas during the Christmas and I could use it easily in Europe and in Africa (Phone is unlocked).I strongly recommend this phone for its best ratio quality/Price

went through a couple phones for my girlfriend,ended up getting this,she didn't want the data plan or a super phone,i have wifi throughout the house so no big deal,wifi works great,the phone came with 2.1 preinstalled,so far the only complaint she's given is the phone going to sleep while making calls or checking voicemail,I've checked the forums and can't find away to disable it,she's on att/centennial,one thing i noticed though is why there is a "R" roaming where the signal is,when the phone is clearly getting the att/centennial signal,other than those two issues she seems to like it,battery is great,call quality is great,not to bad of a phone for an android beginner,now me on the other hand has a captivate rocking firefly 3.0 :)

I've had this phone for about 10 ten days now and it's been great so far with a few minor caveats.For a technical review you can check out this site:[...]I'm using it on T-Mobile pre-paid (pay-as-you go plan). The call quality/messaging works fine. Just pop-in your SIM card and you're ready to go. Yes, it has no 3G for T-Mobile but I don't really use the data plan so it works well for my needs. Besides, the WiFi works great.Upgrading to Andriod 2.1 isn't that bad. Check the LG website for detailed instructions:[...]A minor irritation (for English speakers) is that being an international phone its default language is Portuguese. Now, you can change it to English via the settings. However, if you set-up a pin# for your SIM card or a pattern to unlock your phone, whenever you restart your phone the language for the pin & screen unlock will be in Portuguese. But this occurs only when restarting. Once the phone is active the default language will be the one you specified. Moreover, after upgrading to 2.1 some Portuguese apps get installed by default. There's no easy way to remove those except by getting root access to the system. I haven't had the chance to try it out yet as it requires installing some root_kit apps.But I do recommend upgrading to 2.1 as it makes the phone that much smoother to operate. And you get live wallpapers! Also, get some free games like Angry Birds, Unblock Me, etc.The touch screen is quite responsive despite being resistive. The speaker is good enough for calls, music, videos, etc. The in-built GPS is so-so; it only works occasionally. The 3.0 MP camera is nothing to write home about. The pictures aren't that great indoors (haven't tried it outdoors yet). The battery lasts about a day or two with moderate use. I'd recommend getting a case (Amazon has a few good ones). Also, be sure to get a micro SDHC card for your multimedia.Overall, I'm quite happy with the phone. I'd done a lot of research for unlocked Android phones and had narrowed it down to the LG Optimus and the Sony Ericsson Xperia X8 (which was a little pricier at the time). Remember, this is a mid-tier Android phone and you can't really compare it to the big guns like the Motorola Droid X, Samsung Nexus, etc. As along as you know what you're buying you won't be disappointed.

I was actually looking for the L9 and bought this by accident and it was horrible. Updating was very difficult and the phone is just very difficult to manipulate, very awkward.

i got this product in September last yr.i enjoy it  very much until i got low space on internal memory.i have no clue how to store apps on sd card or to root. z4rot is no longer on market. and i just need a way to store stuff on my 8 gig.

Performance: fast & stable.- It can run Raging Thunder II smoothly (need to download data to SD card separately in order to run the game. The data can be found easily on android forums).- Web browsing: no lag when scrolling. No double-tap or one-touch zooming (as in Iphone and other capacitive phones) because this phone has resistive screen.Wifi:- Easy to config.- Run smoothly.Texting: not texting so no comment. However:- Qwerty onscreen keyboard is not spacious (3" screen).Music:- Loudspeaker is good for pop, rap. Not good for metal + rock: I tried playing Tokyo (Resident Evil - Afterlife's OST)and it sounded awful.Connectivity:- Always has good signal.- No problem with making calls (voice is clear).Software:- Running Android 1.6.- Can be upgraded to 2.1 (not officially supported).Battery:- 1500mAh => long standby time.- Run out quickly when running game + WiFi on (battery is drained 21% when running Raging Thunder II for 10 mins).*Pros:- One of the most cheapest WiFi & (A)GPS-ready android phone.- Fast & stable performance.- Long battery life (standby time).- Good design (curves at the top & bottom, brushed-metal-like plastic case).*Cons:- Resistive screen => no double-tap zooming.- Old version of Android (1.6). But upgradable to 2.1 (support Live Wallpaper).Suggestion:- Install APNdroid (must use 3.0, 2.1 won't work) + 3G Watchdog.- Install ApkInstaller to install applications from SD card.

i purchased this phone and i put my sim card in it and it would not let me do anything. i even took it into a store and they couldnt do anything either! DO NOT BUY

i am using it with tmobile pay-as-you-go in california. it works perfectly. it is small and light, perfect for me but someone with large fingers may find it to small. the touch screen works fine even if i seal the phone in a ziplock bag, something i do so i can use it in my work environment. the sound is loud and clear. it runs all the aps i installed smoothly. i use it primarily as an mp3 player to listen to audio books.  be aware that it is made for the european market, i had to tell the install software i was in portugal before it would see the phone.

This phone does exactly what I wanted it to do: provide me with a way to use an Android phone app on wi-fi so I don't burn up minutes on a SIM card. Yes, the keys are very tiny. And it does have a limited  internal memory. But I didn't buy it to use it as a computer - I have a tablet and two computers for that. I just wanted a cheap, unlocked phone that could maybe do a few tricks if I was bored. And this one delivers!  If you're comparing it to an I-phone or some other (expensive) phone, yeah you're going to be disappointed. And programming it is a pain - the keys are so small. But for a first smartphone, you can't beat it. The sellers were very quick to respond when I thought I had a problem with it out of the box. They offered me a refund/exchange immediately, very promptly and with absolutely no problem. If you want a phone that sings and dances and does everything else besides make phone calls, buy a more expensive phone. But if you just want a decent smartphone that is unlocked and has wi-fi, this one will do just fine. I have yet to try it with a SIM card, so I don't know if I will experience the issues with connectivity (AT&T;) that others encountered. The provider I plan to use uses T-Mobile's network and their prepaid plans are MUCH better than anything the big guns offer so I'm going to give them a try. It did come preloaded with  the Android 2.1 OS package so that was a plus. The screen is crisp and beautiful, by the way. I think it's a very user-friendly phone, once you get it set up with those tiny keys. I love it! Five stars for being a generally good bargain, and easy to use too!UPDATE:  Just wanted to check back in and let everyone know that this phone worked perfectly just as soon as I inserted and activated my SIM card. I'm still very happy with it generally and think it's a great buy. I was able to unload my Big Bloat cell phone company and go with a much smaller cell phone provider  at about 15% of the cost of the Big Bloat company - and no "required data plan", either!!!! This phone is definitely worth the money and will SAVE you money too if you do a little research and hook up with a decent cell phone provider.  I have had no issues at all with this phone and would recommend it highly. But be aware that it does have the little tiny keys so it probably would not be easy to navigate if you have big fingers!

bought this as my first smart phone. it seemed like it had good features etc. it was terrible after a few weeks, soo slow, locking and freezing, just not good for a heavy phone user

the fact that i loved about the phone was that, it didnt cost that high to finally be able to own an Android, i loved the fact of the apperence of the phone itself is neat, the only thing i didnt think what that it would be small, i thought it was one of those big phone that oversizes your hand, but above all, my package arrive on time as it was suppose to, and the phone is very realiable if your long for something thats in a decent price range!

after searching for an android phone, I selected this one for price, LG quality, and how it functioned as a phone, wifi, and data networked device via cell service. I could not find a lower priced phone that worked as well as this GT540. Calls are clear, clean, and consistent. Wifi works very well, cell data link is speedy too even on EDGE. About the one draw back is lack of memory, so if you want to install more than 5-6 apps, there wont be enough space. But for cell, street maps, low function camera, email, and a web browser, this unit is excellent. Simple to turn up; just dropped in SIM card, power it up, and I was online. Wifi like all other phones consumes the battery, but cell use and light web browsing are very good. Speed of OS is very good too. Android 2.1

Very Luosy phone. Bought it because it was on the low end in ANDRIOD phones. Told all my friends not to buy an L.G. phone ever.

Ha resultado ser un buen producto y bueno el servicio de entrega.Cumple con las especificaciones ofrecidas por el proveedor.He quedado impresionado con el equipo. Hice el upgrade a Android 2.3 y quedo mejor. Es muy resistente.Recomendado.

Was looking for an unlocked android phone under $150.  I wanted to use Walmart's Family Mobile plan for service and this phone does the job.  It has all the same features of the HTC phones.  So far so good!

This has got to be the one of the more difficult appliance to use out of the box. There is no universay sync tool that is readily available and the LG sync suite I located after spending 2 days searching for, does not work (maybe the model is confusing it). The model is from Europe so finding the model is setting up any PC software is a gamble (use UK to find the model). I have spent days trying to get the email to work. I can send mail but not receive (still not working). The phone comes with a ton of what I consider useless apps which cannot be deleted (app adviser, layer,Foursquare, Java download, Latritude, Shazam, Talk, RSS Reader). Why not let people download these if the want them?So far, Microsoft Office is not synced.. There are app to sync them but you have to pay for them.

it's not a great phone, I found another better for just 200$, experia-U, I wouldn't recommend this piece phone not a bit

So this is my first smart phone so i dont really have anything to compare it to, but i love this phone! Its sleek and looks really cool, even before you turn it on. Its classic android, no complaints with that! It will virtually do anything for you, who needs a computer. Its easy to use and in my personal opinion is way better that the iphone OS. The main problem is that this phone has a resistive touch screen, which means that it is a lot harder to use than a resistive touch screen, but also can be nice if you prefer using a stylus. My one complaint is how bad the battery is. If you are using the 3G the battery only lasts about 6 hours and even using the 2G it barely lasts a day. Besides that it is an amazing phone for a great price and i would highly recommend it .

way smaller then i expected... its not as cool as it sounds at all.. doesnt take good pictures .. lags alot

This is an Awesome phone !!!  I've been using for many months now.  During my vacation I used it in many countries with various SIM cards and it worked great without any issues in all kinds of weather.  Video & Pics taken with this phone are GREAT.  I highly recommend this.

Great balance between price and features, their negatives are the lack of an update for 2.2 with android which would eliminate its limited space to install applications

Great phone for a starter but the memory was too low and had to send it back quick. It.came on time and packaging was good

Great product for great value, gets connected to WiFi instantly. I do not have data plan and use WiFi hotspot to connect. Liked the look very classy.

Got this phone about mid-July 2011, and I am ROUGH on phones, drops, weather, etc. This no warranty phone has proved out with me, using 3rd party at&t carrier with very good results (saving money not using at&t). NO dropped calls, data working with edge, kinda slow but for the web I use it is great. Wifi works fine, great for looking for new movies while grabbing a bite. I checked the current prices on this phone, and I was surprised it has gone up in price since I had bought it. Good phone for calls, mid-use web browsing, and quic wifi checks. Lacks RAM for other stuff; like games ( I dont use my phone for that) Good solid phone, android apps expand use, like price scanning, stock checks; I run one at a time.

The phone came in a box that was not sealed, i.e the phone that I recieved was a used one. Also, there was no user manual or warranty information inside the box. would not recommend to buy from this seller.

This is worst phone I ever had. Phone doesn't allow to save files in SD card. So SD card is just for dumping file from PC when connected through USB. If you take few photo and make some video, you are just out of memory. You can't save the data in SD card.Other issues with the phone is, the phone locks when talking? This is another worst feature. Why the heck phone locks when in use? LG should revisit this feature.Much touted Android OS doesn't please me either. The response time is not that great either. OS crashed few time since I have been using for past 3 months.The only thing I like about this phone is apps which my kids enjoy playing with but this is not particular about LG but any phone manufacture using android OS.I will never buy LG phone again in future.

Great,fast and efficient. Lags when playing angry birds rio and opening some apps (here's a tip, download advanced task killer)Good:AMOLED sharp screen, great resolution! (the screen is not AMOLED, but feels and looks as AMOLEDAndroid 2.1 via update, yeahhhh!Fast ( Someone I know has a Galaxy S and this phone was actually snappier!, maybe because that touchwiz layer on top!)Good designBad:Resistive screenLow storage memory, 156MB and no apps to SD card! Come on Froyo!Small screenScreen scratches very fastOverall,great phone and gives you almost all features of nexus s for half the price unlocked.If you have big fingers you have a problem, the resistive screens work well on stylus and mediocre on thumbs, so be warned!Awesome Phone

Well, I knew I would be well covered for 2G but I am going to miss out on 3G as this phone only supports 850, 900, and 2100 on 3G (HSDPA). Apparently AT&T; uses 1900 for 3G. Oh well, don't need it because I don't have to pay for a data plan. Neener neener AT&T.;At any rate, for the price, this is a nifty phone. It's not a Ferrari like the Galaxy II or some higher end phones but it's got some great future potential if you're one for modding and rooting your phone.Out of the box it DID come unlocked. Running Android 2.1-update1 (Eclair). I plugged in my SIM card (very easy, contrary to the one reviewer who had trouble 11 times. Really?), put in my old 4GB microSD card, popped in my battery, and fired it up. It did a little song and dance with setting up calibration stuff, language, and date/time settings but after that, my AT&T; network popped up, voicemails, texts, etc. I was able to set up my e-mail to be Pushed from my Exchange server (via WiFi) but it does allow you to do a manual setup for other e-mail services. I rooted it using z4root (1.3.0.0) and added the Superuser app too. Now I can do whatever *I* want to *MY* property.I bought this phone because I wanted WiFi / E-Mail capabilities and didn't want to be FORCED into a "Data" plan by AT&T;'s thuggery. I'm not one of these people who needs 24/7/365 access to e-mail / Internet via my provider. I just want to access it when I'm near a WiFi hotspot so I can browse the web and occasionally check e-mail.I'm excited to mod the phone with the SwiftDroid 2.0 / CyanoGen 7.1 mods as it will give me Gingerbread 2.3.5 or newer. It's pretty pathetic how LG brought out this phone last year and barely supported it. Just like my LG Vu. Even Apple pushes iOS updates for phone that are a few years old! These phone makers have NO excuse to not keep giving us firmware / OS updates. Can you imagine Microsoft or Apple releasing an OS and then dropping support for it after a year?UPDATE 9/27/2011: Well, I've modded this phone with SwiftDroid 2.0 RC4/ Cyanogen Mod 7.1 RC1 and MAN does this sucker FLY! Gingerbread is a WORLD of difference from Eclair. The price of this phone to be able to mod up to Gingerbread is worth it alone. So how did I do it? Below is a general step-by-step on how to update your GT540 but first, the usual disclaimer: Although I had zero experience rooting or modding an Android, I was able to do it successfully. However, if you break your GT540, I am not responsible. There are tons of forums that can help you.UPDATE: 9/29/2011: Missed a couple steps. Should be complete now.UPDATE: 10/7/2011: Android237GT540_06-OctoberENG.exe has been release and updates the GT540 to Android 2.3.7 (SwiftDroid 2.0 RC5). Just updated and all went well. Loving this phone more and more every day.UPDATE: 10/26/2011: I paid $119 + shipping for this phone a month ago and now it's going for $199.95? Buy this phone elsewhere. That is an OUTRAGEOUS increase in price especially since after I posted it can run Gingerbread it has gone up in price. For nearly 200 you can buy a better and newer phone. Hey Amazon, this phone is an OLD model. What are you smoking?UPDATE: 11/4/2011: Wow, a few days after posting the price gouging and it *magically* drops down to $139.UPDATE: 11/9/2011: Now the price has dropped to $129.UPDATE: 11/10/2011: Android237GT540_02-Nov-ENG.exe has been released and updates the GT540 to Android 2.3.7 (SwiftDroid 2.0 ASIS). This is likely the final update for this phone and is considered a stable Final release.(For Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7)I did this procedure to my unlocked GT540 with Android 2.1-update1. There is no undo button. Once you mod (update) up your phone, you can't go back. Trust me, you won't want to. It is best to do this on a new phone as you will lose *all* your stuff (pics, vids, numbers, texts, etc). Back up your phone numbers or installed apps if you have a backup program. Do not restore default apps from Android 2.1 to Android 2.3 or you'll screw up your apps / phone and have to redo the mod process. Just reinstall the apps you had from scratch.Let's begin:-Make sure USB DEBUGGING MODE is turned ON. Go to Settings > Applications > Development and turn on USB Debugging Mode.-Make sure MASS STORAGE mode is turned OFF. Go to Settings > SD Card & Phone Storage and turn OFF Mass Storage Mode.1. Do a search for "KDZ Updater Europe Open", you'll likely get a link to it on Mediafire. It's a 144.87MB file. Download it.2. Do a search for the file: Android237GT540_02-Nov-ENG.exe (or Android237GT540_06-OctoberENG.exe if you can't find Android237GT540_02-Nov-ENG.exe). You'll likely get a link to it on FileServe. It's a 107.69MB file. Download it.3. Do a search for FastbootDrivers_LG_GT540.zip, you'll likely get a link to it on Mediafire. It's a 1.33MB file. You may or may not need these but download it all the same.4. After getting the above three files, unzip KDZ Updater Europe Open.zip and FastbootDrivers_LG_GT540.zip to a folder.5. In the KDZ Updater Europe Open folder, make sure there are 4 files: 1) Europe Open+Fastboot.kdz, 2) LGAndroidDriver_WHQL_ML_Ver_1.0_All_Win7.exe, 3) msxml.msi, 4) z4root.1.3.0.apk.6. Install the phone drivers: LGAndroidDriver_WHQL_ML_Ver_1.0_All_Win7.exe. If it asks you to reboot, reboot.7. If you don't have the Microsoft XML 4.0 SP3 Parser (check your Add / Remove Programs for MSXML 4.0 SP3 Parser), install msxml.msi.8. Install and use the z4root tool to your phone to *permanently* root your phone. It will run, do a song and dance, and reboot your phone if successful.9. Although the update did not mess with my microSD card, you can unmount (Settings > Phone and SD Storage > Unmount SD) and take out your microSD card if you want.10. Power off your phone, take out the battery, put the battery back in.11. With the phone powered OFF, hold down the Volume Down button and press and hold down the Power button.12. You should see Download Mode appear on the screen. If not, repeat step 11.13. Plug in the USB cable to the side of the phone and plug the other end of the USB cable to your computer. Windows will find the phone and install the drivers and it should *not* complain about "unable to install drivers." It may ask you to reboot. If so, reboot. Leave the phone in Download Mode.14. In the KDZ Updater Europe Open folder, find KDZ_FW_UPD.exe and run it.15. Set Type to "3GQCT" and Phone Mode to "DIAG."16. For KDZ file, choose Europe Open+Fastboot.kdz from the KDZ Updater Europe Open folder.17. Click Launch Software Update. It should take roughly 5 minutes to complete if you are using USB 2.0 speed. It will reboot your phone automatically (the Download Mode screen will disappear).18. Be ready to do the following step quickly: When you phone reboots, hold down the Camera button until the LG logo disappears and the screen is black and nothing further continues to happen. You are now in what is called Fastboot Mode. If you were too slow and the phone is booting up, pull the battery out, unplug the USB cable from your computer, put the battery back in and try again by holding down the Camera button and pressing the Power button until the LG logo disappears. Plug the USB cable back into your computer.19. Windows may now say it found a new ADB Device (or some similar thing) and needs the driver. If so, point it to the folder where you unzipped the FastbootDrivers_LG_GT540 files. If not, proceed to the next step.20. Find Android237GT540_02-Nov-ENG.exe (or Android237GT540_06-OctoberENG.exe if you can't find Android237GT540_02-Nov-ENG.exe) and run it. Read the directions and info (slightly broken English). It will unzip all the Gingerbread update files to a folder called C:\GT540. Since you have Android 2.1, you will be choosing to do an INSTALL, *NOT* an Update.21. Once you click INSTALL, you will see a DOS command window open (the instructions tell you this) and this is where the magic is happening. After about 5 minutes, it will complete and close and your phone should reboot. Do not stop the INSTALL process or you might brick your phone in which case you start all over again.22. After reboot, it will take around 5 minutes for Gingerbread to rebuild itself on the phone and load up. Unplug the USB cable from the phone. You'll see LG GT540  SwiftDroid appear and then a blue Android on a skateboard zoom by and then a blue Android screen with a spinning arrow with the words Cyanogen Mod 7. If you see that, you are good to go. Just wait patiently until it finishes loading everything. Have fun! Also, please sign the petition to get the Cyanogen team to work on the GT540. Google the phrase "LG GT540 Official Cyanogenmod Support Petition" and also donate to the CyanogenMod / SwiftDroid team as they make this all possible. Make sure you let them know it was a GT540!Note: One of the nice benefits of the SwiftDroid / Cyanogen mod is the ability to overclock your CPU. However, many forums out there warn to NOT go past 800MHz as you are almost guaranteed to have issues. Mine is running happily at 672MHz. By default, it underclocks your CPU to 245Mhz when idle to save battery power. Drop down to 122Mhz to save even more battery! Settings > CyanogenMod Settings > Performance > CPU Settings > Min CPU Frequency.

Bought this phone for a family member visiting from Europe.  The phone came with Android 2.1 and was unlocked.  According to the specifications the UMTS bands of this phone are 900/2100.  I believe these are not compatible with the bands that AT&T; and T-Mobile are using in the USA, so you will not have 3G in the USA.  For me this was not a problem, since this phone will be used primarily in Europe.  In the USA you can still make and receive calls and send text messages, but any data traffic will use the slower EDGE technology.  Overall a decent small phone.  Obviously the smaller screen size (3.0") has its limitations, especially if you are used to 4"+ size screens of the newer android phones.  The smaller screen also makes the touch screen a bit more difficult to operate.  Many times you need to use your nail to initiate a function, since a full finger tip is not accurate enough.  The phone clearly originated from Europe, since the default language was setup as German.  Strangely enough - after setting the phone language to English - at times it still shows some information in German.  Not a big deal...Also ordered the following skin for this phone:EMPIRE Black Silicone Skin Cover Case for LG Optimus GT540.  This is a very nice skin with a good fit and good protection.  Together with an 8GB memory card this makes a decent unlocked Android phone for an unbeatable price.

The bands that this phone support are not AT&T;'s 3G bands, so internet is really slow because it is only possible to use it in the Edge network.Don't buy this phone if you plan to use 3G in the US.

So I just bought this phone a few days because all the reviews make it seem like it's an awesome phone with no strings attached. I am very dissatisfied with the phone now that I own it.The phone works and everything but it is slow as a tortoise. The screen lags every time you do anything on it. When browsing the web, the screen jumps to the top of the page if your scrolling for too long. Yeah the web browsing is alright, but scrolling is just a pain in the neck.If you don't have tiny fingers, this phone is NOT for you. The keys are every small and very prone to mistakes every time you want to type a message or enter a text field of any sort. There is an option for auto correction which does not work at all.If you have picture messaging (MMS), T-Mobile tech support will not send you the APN settings to get it going. If you are tech savvy, I'm sure you can figure it out. But you will realize when you receive pictures, they are VERY SMALL. They will NOT arrive in original size and quality.This phone does not multi-task well at all. When making calls, the screen locks on you. I mean really, what phone locks while you're using it...? It is very difficult to do anything on this phone during a phone call. Also, if you like to listen to music while you surf the web, turn away because this wont do it for you.Although my experience with this phone consists of mostly cons opposed to pros, the Android market does work decently and the camera is acceptable. Navigation works properly if you have paid for the plan. Reception is good on this phone and the battery sustains about a day of continuous use.If you're looking for a cheap touch screen phone to upgrade to, I would not recommend this one.

Hey folks,worst phone i ever had........works slow..not even connecting to my laptop for upgrades. Now display is gone and i cant see any thing. I throw this phone in garbage. Kills my patience.I recommend not to buy this non Warranty phone

The LG GT540 I bought several months ago worked beautifully, but the second one I ordered was NOT unlocked. Evidently this second phone was made for the UK's Orange phone network, upon installing my SIM card and turning it on there is an error message saying "Phone is SIM Network locked" (though my SIM card works perfectly well on my first LG GT540.

First off, let me start by saying that I do love this phone, and despite the flaws it has I'm STILL baffled over it, and I still haven't gotten over that it's a phone, and not just a toy. (I came from a Blackberry, and this just has so many advantages over it)Pros:-Quick! Much faster than my Blackberries -- I can send messages without any lag, there's generally very little delay between selecting programs and having it open.-Sleek! I've gotten a few comments about it being a cool looking phone, and one person didn't want to stop playing with it!-Surprisingly cheap! When I was looking at phones, I generally didn't want to spend over $150, but when I saw what this came with and the general reviews of it, I couldn't pass it up. This is cheaper than any Android upgrade T-Mobile would give me, and the cheapest Android phone I could find!-Android OS -- This is huge! So many people develop apps for this system, it's awesome. There is literally an app for everything that I've wanted so far, and plenty more that I haven't wanted, haha.Cons:-Android 1.6 -- This is upgradable, but apparently LG had issues with the OS or something, so they took it down. You can potentially upgrade it by getting "root" access, which is essentially like jailbreaking an iPhone, or something like that. It gives you access to things that you normally wouldn't have, but not without its own issues. You can potentially "brick" your phone and have it be just that, a very expensive paperweight. I would do this but right now I'm just so happy with the upgrade I don't need it.-Pain to set up -- When I first received it, I just popped in my SIM card and I could text/talk no problem. Picture messages were a different story. For some reason I could not receive picture messages despite normally being able to do so with my Blackberries. I was told I would need a data plan for it by a T-mobile representative. This did not fix the issue. I continued to talk to three total T-mobile reps and none of them could get me to receive picture messages (or web, after the data plan was added to test it). I only found out how to do this by browsing the T-mobile forums and finding the right Access Point Names (APNs) to use in order for it to work. I will post these settings at the end of the review.-Steep learning curve -- I still haven't learned how to type on the virtual keyboard after 4-5 years of typing on the Blackberry keyboard! I make errors like crazy!Other Thoughts:-I don't have a case for this yet (thanks to slow shipments..) so I'm afraid it will scratch easily as I always carry my phone in the same pocket as my keys (I -WISH- I could change this habit, but it's too awkward after years of doing this). I'm simply avoiding carrying my phone in that pocket until then, but that's not really the phone's fault.-Sometimes it takes a little while to switch to the home screen. Simple fix is shutting the screen off and turning it back on. Really it's only once in a while, and the home screen DOES return, I'm just too lazy to wait those 5 seconds after being spoiled by how quick it normally is :)APN Settings for T-Mobile -- I only pulled these off of the T-Mobile forums. I don't know what effects these settings will have if you have a different carrier or whatever, but these work for T-mobile so far.For this we'll need 2 APN entries.=============Create FIRST APN, set as below, leave as-is for all others not mentioned:Name: t-mobileAPN: epc.tmobile.com (or you can try others like wap.voicestream.com etc.)APN type: defaultsave apn.Create SECOND APN, set as below, leave as-is for all others not mentioned:Name: t-mobile MMS[...]MMS proxy: 216.155.165.050MMS port: 8080APN type: mmssave apn.=============Once it is done, you should have 2 APNs.The APN "t-mobile MMS" does not have a clickable radio button on the right.Best to restart phone.Sending or Receiving MMS: Your 3G sign will first disappear for several seconds, then reappear.Though not obvious, the 3G sign now is for "t-mobile MMS" APN.Once it has finished doing all the sending and receiving, the 3G sign disappears again.After several seconds, the 3G sign reappears again.Though not obvious, the 3G sign now is for "t-mobile" APN.You may resume your normal data connectivity/Internet.-Huge thanks to CyFox on the T-mobile forums for writing this guide, I'm merely the messenger here.

it's older and has worked great for basic phone needs. Does seem to be needed a power cycle now and then as if you don't weird stuff happens too it.

Its a great unlcked phone for the android operating system and for an android touch phone it was a great price. It also arived earlier than expected which was awesome

I love the phone and I don't have any complaints about it, but I have an issue using it on AT&T network. I get disconected on every single call after 20-30 seconds. There is obvioulsy a problem with IME and SIM card. Any sugestions how to fix this? I called cust. service and that's what they told me. They don't want to switch my IME on my account and therefore I can not use the phone.

Its best smartphone for its price . Good menu , awesome internet surfing( only I m waiting for upgreate 2.2 android to install flashplayer)  , Wi-Fi works perfect I didnt noticed cons ( as I said before for that price ) highly reccomend it to people who dont want to wast tons of $ for phone ... 5 stars

I've had one other android based phone, the G1, and these are the major differences:The notification bar is harder to use, probably due to the small er screen size. I have to use my fingernail to select it.On the plus side, the notification bar has button to quickly turn on.off GPS, wi-fi, etc.The MS Exchange setup actually worked quite well. On the G1 it didn't work and I had to use a third-party app.The haptic feedback is both nice and annoying. I am constantly selecting items when I mean to scroll since the sensitivity of the touch screen doesn't seem as good as other models.

This is the worst phone i've ever had, i've always had nokia or samsung and wanted to change but it was a huge mistake, the touch scrren feature is not sensitive, so you have to press the buttons too hard to get it to work, sometimes it just gets stuck and restarts by itself, texting is a nightmare, keyboard is too small and always puts letters not selected, hate it!!!

Compr&eacute; 2 celulares GT540, el un celular no lleg&oacute; sin la SD card, y el otro sin la tapa posterior de la bater&iacute;a.La conexi&oacute;n wi-fi tiene muchos problemas. Encendido demorado, la pantalla apagada cuando se est&aacute; "encendiendo".No me gust&oacute; este modelo.

If you purchasing this item in the US be aware that LG does not have the software, hardware or ability to help you handle any issues with this phone here in the US. I purchase this phone for my son as a Christmas Present. Yesterday before school he made a phone call, turned the phone off and put it away for his day at school. After school he turned it on and it is in what is commoning called a "boot loop" to the android logo. After numerous failed attempts to find a solution online, and with LG tech support I'm at wits end and I have a $130 paperweight which I've had for only a month. I'll try to see if Amazon will help but for right now I'm not a happy camper.Update: Happy Happy! I can't say enough about Amazon customer service. They agreed to make things right by refunding me for this phone so I can make everyone happy and get my son another. Thanks Amazon! I am yet another happy customer.

Just received my phone yesterdaypros:- Android 2.1-update1 (Eclair) was already loaded on it.Still figuring it out (my first smart phone)cons:- as others pointed out, the phone memory is somewhat limiting as far as installing more apps (since apps get installed on the phone, not in the SD card). I added 18 new apps and got a low memory warning. And you can't uninstall the pre-loaded apps.- So far I haven't gotten skype to use my bluetooth headset.

The phone came in the oroginal factory packaging and was unlocked as promised.  The phone is cumbersome...the keyboard (by touch) is so small that it is very hard to text on it.  I had to use the tip of my fingernails or a ball point pen which ends up scratching the screen.  The battery also wore down within a few months, only lasting 1-3 hours or so, especially if wi fi is used but even when it is not.It also will reset the language on the phone to Danish or Norwegian or something for no apparent reason. Sometimes when I turned it on, everything was in a foreign language and it was hard to figure out how to navigate the menus so I could change the language to English.  Once I was able to memorize the danish or dutch or norwegian words, it was less of a problem and more of a minor inconvenience.the response time is also quite slow when composing a message.  it takes a long time for individual letters to show up on the screen when typing a text message which ends up messing up the message.The gmail application never did work so I was never able to sync it with my work or home computer.  Not sure if that is the phone or the app but I suspect it is the phone as my other colleagues never had a problem.  It also takes a long time to power back on after it is off which makes it hard for a life on the run.Worst of all, the phone stopped reading my sim cards (tried at least 3 different ones) after less than a year.  I did a factory reset and took it to a phone store to no avail.  I then tried to contact LG tech support in the US and they told me this isn't a brand they sell in the US so they can't help me!  And given that I purchased it on this site, I have no clue what country it comes from and where I can get it repaired for a fee.  I paided $136 for this phone and in retrospect, it was not worth it at all!

A good phone at a good price, but be prepared.  The instructions in the box in mine were in German only.  Not insurmountable, you can download an english language manual from the internet.  That's really my only qualm, but there was nothing in the package in English so if you aren't prepared to go find the instructions etc on your own and you don't speak German ......

El tel&eacute;fono sirve para Venezuela perfectamente, lo que tienes es que configurarlo para internet de acuerdo con la compa&ntilde;&iacute;a a la cual estas afiliada (digitel, movilnet o movistar).En verdad que es excelente, aunque la versi&oacute;n del sistama operativo es 1.5 pero es actualizable!

I really really enjoy this phone. FULLY unlocked and full of luxury. Even though the resistive screen is difficult to some, I find it very responsive. The Android system is very well put together and functions pretty swiftly. Very responsive screen transitions and does ok for an 8 hour worshift. Highly recommend to those who want to explore droid for the low.

Excelente, luego de actualizarlo al android 2.1 gracias al software bajado de lg, como otros las actualizaciones deben ser autorizadas por el fabricantelo unico que me cuesta es el tema de los sms y el touchscren pero no mucho m&aacute;s que otrosmuy veloz, no tiene pausas en ningun momento

Absolutely love this phone. simple and to the point. works well. ain't have a problem with it since i bought it.

I baught this for my father a month ago and just gave it as a present. Unfortunately he hated it and I asked to try for a few days and I could not deal with it. the touchscreen is very bad which is the whole point of buying a touchscreen phone. I am really disappointed.... I never suggest you buy this phone. It is very slow. android market is also awkward you cannot download the normal skype it does not accept. I think I just wasted my money...

El tel&eacute;fono solo encendi&oacute; una vez y despu&eacute;s se reinici&oacute; y ya nunca mas encendi&oacute; solo vibra, o sea que la compra fue una perdida de mi dinero, soy de Guatemala y se me hace dif&iacute;cil devolverlo por cuestiones de gastos de env&iacute;o y el RMA insuficiente tiempo para enviarlo.

This phone is amazing!  The Android OS is super cool.  I updated my GT540 to 2.1 through LG's program and it's even better.Pros:Android OSWIFI capableUnlocked so you don't have to pay for an expensive data planCan still download apps with wifi.Tons of educational apps for circuits, science, math, language, and more on a PHONE!LooksHeadphone jackbattery life is goodCons:The screen isn't 4"Camera is well thought out, but I can't get sharp images with it.No LED flash for flash light apps

The phone arrived in excellent conditions and on time, but a week later the software stared to fail and notifications and warnings became an everyday thing. To this day the problems do not desapear.To make it better the merchant does not accept the responsabillity and do not give warranty over their products.I won't be doing bussines with this people again

I just got my phone (bought thru Marketplace from OEM - it was open box even though they advertised it is a brand new - looks new and is OK so I guess ...);anyway, my first smart phone and I like it; I did upgrade to 2.1 without a problem; for those who couldn't here is a link to UK LG's website, download utility and driver [...] this phone is like a computer;

This item is good look wise. But the touch screen is really hard to handle...battery also not bad but price wise its not worth full...i don't prefer it

this item its really good, nice product good time traveling and good conditions, also came in a good time, perfect produt for young people, nice work thanks

So far (1 week), I am very happy with the phone. I did a lot of research, and I do not think there is a better phone in the market for less than $200.The phone was portugese and android 1.6. The first thing I did was to upgrade to 2.1 with one of the "English" ROMs. After the upgrade to android 2.1, it has been fantastic.Everything works well. The only thing you are likely to be disappointed with is the screen. It is a resistive screen. So, pinch to zoom is not going to work. Other actions also require you to apply more pressure than you would have to with a capacitive screen.Battery life: I have been constantly playing with it - wifi, gps enabled. And it easily lasts 2 days. That is almost 2 times what can be expected of the HTC phones.

This item is very basic.  It's a touch screen product, but this would be &#34;cool&#34; if I had bought thi 15 years ago.  It works okay.  Forget about everything else like surfing web or other stuffs.  If you are looking for a phone just to make calls, then this is it.

price seems a little higher ... but the product is solid++++ Slim, sexy design+ quite fast, but not for gaming+ charge holds quite a long---- touch is resistive, so screen builds up scratch

I purchased this phone over a year ago...and well it looks nice.  My last cell phone was stolen, therefore I went in a panic mode and bought this one due to the price being reasonable compared to other smart phones.The PROS:-Looks nice-Easy to handle (when it works...see the pros below to see why I say this)The CONS:-The screen locks up on me and I have to restart it to get it to work.-For some reason there is a huge delay when I place or receive calls.-I have pretty small to average fingers but when the phone is upright I find it hard to write text messages (now I am much faster than when I first got the phone but if the screen were larger; it would be so much easier!

Good product a lil pricey but definitely cheaper than most other places. After you do the update and buy a sd card you will definitely enjoy it. I use it as a gps, mp3 player and check my email in wifi locations. Overall good produc!!

I had a lot of issues with the LG Optimus GT540 smartphone, and I ultimately returned it.  Although I did not like the phone, I have to complement Wireless Experts and Amazon for their excellent service. What follows part review and part technical "How to."Here are the issues I had to deal with on the "Used - Like New" GT540 I received:* It was locked with a previous owner's security code* It's language was set to German, not English* It is not sold or supported by LG in the USA* It is not sold or supported by AT&T; in the USA* It included no software to connect it to my computer* I could not get it to connect to the Internet via AT&T;When I first turned the phone on, it prompted me to enter my phone's "Security Pattern Lock" which I did not know. The prompts were in German, which I do not speak. The security pattern must have been left over by a previous owner. A security pattern is used instead of a PIN to lock the phone in case it is lost or stolen.I went on the LG website, and chatted with tech support. They told me that phone was not offically sold in the USA. Further LG does not provide support for the GT540 in the USA nor technical support for it on its USA website. The USA website does not have software and drivers to interface the GT540 to a computer. Goodby and good luck.I decided I had to do a Hard Factory Reset on the phone. I found the procedure in the GT540's German and English manual which I received with the phone. Here is the procedure from the  English manual p15-16:* Turn the phone on and wait for the Lock Screen* Simutaneously press and hold for 5 seconds the "Volume Up + Search + Home" keys* When the pop up screen appears, choose OK to reset the phoneThis procedure loses all user data, but of course, that did not matter to me.  Now, when I turned the phone on, it worked like a new phone. The security lock pattern was gone. It asked me what language I wanted, etc. I picked English, and I was off to the races. If I turn the phone completely off, and back on, it still shows the unlock prompt in German, but after I enter my security pattern, it switches to English.I installed an AT&T; SIM card, and a 16GB micro SD card.  Don't forget to slide the SD card locking tab closed before closing the GT540's back. Although the manual says the phone can use a maximum of 2GB, it seems that the GT540 has been updated to Android 2.1, and it supports up to 32GB.  Now I had wireless phone service and plenty of memory to store video, pictures, etc.If you need tech support on the GT540, and speak English, use LG's UK website. They have chat and email support, drivers, software, upgrades, etc. I downloaded drivers and software for th GT540 from the LG United Kingdom website:[...]Just enter "GT540" in the search box on that page, and you will get a list of stuff for the phone. After I installed the driver and software, I could transfer contact, music, photo, and video files between the computer and the phone. Here are the files I got from the UK site:Software: LG PCSuiteIV Setup.exeDriver: LGUnitedMobileDriver S4981MAN36AP22 ML WHQL Ver 3.6.exeUnfortunately, my problems were not over. I could make phone calls via AT&T;'s network, but I could not browse the internet via AT&T.;  I could browse the Intenet via the WIFI in my house or in other locations that had WIFI, but when I tried to connect to the Intenet via AT&T;, I got the following error message:"Your SIM Card does not allow a connection to this network."I phoned AT&T; tech support, and they told me that they do not support the GT540 in the USA. I was about to argue that the error message regarded their SIM card, not the phone, but my phone call was dropped. I could have phoned back, but at this point, I had had enough.I returned the GT540, and received a prompt refund. Although I am giving the GT540 only 2 stars, I give Amazon and Wireless Experts 5 stars for prompt shipping, easy returning, and prompt refunding.

Excelente producto de la LG, funciona en Costa Rica s&uacute;per bien. Muy buen OS y funcionalidades. Viene con Android 1.6 pero es completamente actualizable con el software oficial de LG.

I am happy about this product.Used a GSM sim in India and it worked without any issue. Haven't tried any data features.But has good voice quality, user interface, and sleak phone design. Would recommend to others if they would like to use it with GSM/GPRS service.

Hey Guys:I had this phone for about one year until I lost it. It's a great starter smartphone. I got it when it was on sale for a steal. Pros: It is very compact and runs smoothly. Great battery life. Pretty good camera. I dropped this phone a bunch of times (even in the toilet) and it never broke... Cons: I had to reboot it once in a while when it would lock up or start to run slower, but it doesn't happen often. keyboard is a bit tight so if you have large fingers I wouldn't recommend this phone.Hope this helps

This is by far the most expensive phone I have ever purchased and it has given me more problems than any other phone I've ever had. It often does not ring for phone calls or text messages, even when on loud; then it doesn't show that I have a text or missed call. The alarm does not always work, either. It freezes a about once a week, so I have to take the battery out in order to restart it. A lot of apps don't work with it either. It will get me through until my contract is up later this year, but I don't know that I would recommend this phone for long term use.

rooted, updated to droid 2.3 with cyanogenmod, phone runs great overclocked at 787 mhzawesome phone for the price cant beat it, cant set up mms or data, but thats a good thing because i dont have a data plan and just use the wifi, saves me from unnecessary charges, really happy with this phone, so many apps available in the market

I was afraid to buy this item. The seller deliverd what they promised, a new mint condition phone, I will buy from this seller again. Because the phone is not intended for America, finding the software is a nightmare, after a lot of research I find it. follow this link :[...] to get the phone supporting softwareThere you can find the tool to support it, then go to help and support on thhe upper left corner and you will have to enter the phone ID number, then click on the item download to the C drive the go to C drive and click on the items and isntall the software, you will love the utility!Jerry Sanchez MaEd.

when I bought this cell phone, I wasn't expected too much, but it's a great buy, the upgrade to android 2.1 it's very simple with the update utility provided by LG.Cons. If you have fat fingers, this isn't a phone for you.PD: The phone isn't actually black, it's like a metal finish that look very good.

I bought this cellphone for $130 and this is awesome cellphone for the price.When I received the cellphone, Android was already updated to 2.1 but to be sure I updated again from the LG website. Its working very fast now. I don't think it can be updated to Android 2.2. Make sure you update it before installing any applications or adding contacts in the cellphone otherwise you have to backup the data onto memory card and then update it.This phone came with 2GB micro-SD card, 1 USB cable for charging and transferring data, an AC adapter with USB outlet, and stereo headphones. LG PC-suite can be downloaded from the LG website or by searching it on Google. Phone didn't came with the software CD.The major problem which I think is, this phone has internal phone memory of approx 135 MB and all the applications will be installed in the phone memory, so we can only download limited applications. I am still finding a way to install applications on memory card. Rest everything is very good in this cellphone.I would definitely recommend this cellphone to my friend.

Ok, I thought this phone would be as great as my Droid X because its OS is Android.  I was mistaken, there are a bunch of things that are wrong with this phone.  First, after a few days the phone starts to freeze and lock up for no reason.  Second, when texting, the buttons are too small and the calibration system doesn't do the job in this case.  Also, after a few months my screen has started to become discolored and leaves discolored bars across the screen.  The phone itself is extremely small, not meant for anyone with meduim to big hands.  The processor is very slow and can't handle too many apps or tasks at one time without delay.  Overall if you want a phone to just make a few calls and then get rid of it later, this is a phone for you.

Awesome phone cool features, looks great i loved  the operating system,but it died on less than 24h,cant return it as doesnt have warranty waste of money and time.

I ordered this phone as a replacement and it works like a charm. The shipping was fast and the item description is accurate. I haven't had any problem with this phone. It has a decent battery life and the camera isn't so good, but what can you expect out of a 3MP camera. Wi-Fi is pretty fast, when browsing the internet. Bluetooth works fine, only tested it once. Although, the resistive screen is a bit annoying, since the phone is a bit small, it's harder to press. I had only tried it on T-Mobile, haven't got a chance to try other carriers. It has been a month since I own this phone now and I'm still loving it.Hope This Hopes You Guys!

I read all of the reviews on this phone before deciding to buy it and I can definitively say I couldn't be happier! Phone is visually attractive, very fast and the sound quality is miles above the past couple phones I've had...the only downside is no MMS but the easy way around that is to just have pictures sent to my email instead.VERRRRRY Happy with my purchase ^_^

I really like this phone - it came with Android 2.1 rather than 1.6 and works really well.Unfortunately it can't access the internet via the AT&T; network (it works fine through a wifi connection). AT&T; say its not a supported phone and they can't set it up. We tried several times with different support people and even spoke to LG. This kinda makes it difficult to use it as a smart phone. Also it will apparently only work at 2G on AT&T.;The lesson is: make sure your carrier will support the features you want!

The phone is of good quality, responsive and fast. However, you always get into trouble with sellers who will send you a locked phone--claimed to be unlocked, or missing manuels and data cable, or scratches on surface, ... make sure you buy it from amazon.com, -- or at least fulfilted by amazon so that you get an easy return in case there is trouble.

This is a good option if you are just trying to get an inexpensive Android phone: It works well and it can be upgraded from Android 1.6 to 2.1.*** However you should be aware that:1) This is an EUROPEAN MODEL. Until now (three weeks of use) I have not been able to get a 3G signal on T-Mobile. I have tried several APN settings and spent a lot of time talking to T-Mobile's support, but still nothing.I would have given it 3 or 4 stars if it wasn't for this major issue.- You can still get high-speed data through Wi-Fi, but only about 50kbps when connected though 2G.(UPDATE: As I understand now, the problem is that T-Mobile's 3G uses the 1700 and 2100 MHz frequencies, and this phone does not receive in the 1700 range. It supports WCDMA 1900, and 2100. So definitely NO 3G ON T-MOBILE).2) Upgrading Android turned out to be a major PAIN, even though it was supposed to have been easy. The initial firmware upgrade failed at 6% and "bricked" the phone. I was eventually able to bring it back to life, but it took hours since windows would no longer recognize the brain-dead device. If that happens to you, check MODACO.com and browse through the GT540 FAQs.3) The display is very small and not nearly as responsive as Apple's. You get what you pay for. (This phone has a a resistive screen, not capacitative).4) The virtual keyboard is nearly impossible to use. Way too small and half of the time I end up pressing the wrong keys. I now use a stylus pen from an old Treo and store it in the silicon case when not using.5) My phone came without an SD card, with a Portuguese Manual and an European AC charger, which in turn was accompanied by an "adapter for the adapter" in order to fit American outlets. Very convoluted and amateurish setup.- The Good news is that you can use any other USB charger - if you have a spare from an old phone - and discard the whole contraption that came in the box. (Or perhaps just mail it to that distant cousin who lives in Romania).I would highly recommend both a silicone case and a protective clear screen (You can buy them here at Amazon).In summary: it is a decent starter phone, but no way near the high-end competition.

This phone is horribly designed and poorly assembled. It took me 11 attempts to install the "sim" card and then it was recognized by this phone. I couldn't put the SD memory card in place because the lock latch wouldn't close. So the phone couldn't read the memory card. "Lucky Goldstar" is now LG but product quality still crappy. I wouldn't recommend this even to my enemy. Buyers beware...Good Luck

The international version with many other languages drives me crazy after I pressed wrong button one night.  Also, I cannot delete those build-in apps I don't want to see.Product is fairly good; but, I think I will not buy international version again.

This phone would have been SO Awsome, if it were ment to be used here in the US, but unfortunatly, THIS phone was made to be used in CENTRAL AMERICA ONLY!!!! THE only thing you can actually do on it, is make phone calls and text....Very disappointed in the outcome. Wish sellers would advise the ENTIRE facts, before purchase. :-(

It is an older version new phone from LG.I used it mainly for overseas. Just put in the SIM cardand it works perfectly. The WIFI feature works good too.It also works with an AT&T; card here in the states too.

WiFi, BlueTooth, GPS, 3MP camera (no flash), FM Radio, Compass, Accelerometers, resistive touchscreen AND Android.It is unlocked all right.Upgradable so far up to Android 2.1 (that's what I am running right now) I find myself with a phone capable of doing everything other really expensive phones do. Small enough and yet big enough. And thanks to Android, there is a huge selection of FREE apps to the point I haven't bought anything yet.I lost grip on it once, went to the floor, back cover and battery flew away. I just put it back together and many weeks after that it's like it never happened. Sturdy enough.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

I ordered this after my dog chewed up my phone. Everything about from the reviews and specs it seemed like it would work on the T-Mobile network. I struggled to get this phone to even browse the web and send/receive picture messages which I was already paying for. I went to T-Mobile for help and they weren't allowed to assist me since it is not a T-Mobile authorized phone. I sat on the phone with a T-Mobile rep for about an hour and still no luck. It would not connect to the 3G network, even after playing around with the settings as a user on the reviews has described, or through the settings provided by the T-Mobile phone rep. Returned and got a nicer phone from T-Mobile for about the same amount of money. Don't waste your time!

The primary function of a smartphone still is to be a phone.Well, this LG GT 540 keeps it simple and functional. Dialer is intuitive, call quality is great, and reception (depending on zone and provider) is perfect. You can expect a great smartphone. It comes with android 1.6 donut but it can be easily upgreaded to 2.1 eclaire which packs some neat features: a more simple and clean user interface along with: html 5 support, redesigned icons, live wallpapers, etc.I am going to keep this review simple as well, by not writing about the great free apps from the android market that you can download or the cool features you can get by rooting this phone. But the first thing I recommend you to do even before inserting a sim or an sd card is this:- Head to the UK LG site, download LG Mobile update and the usb drivers. There is actually a page dedicated with instructions on upgrading from 1.6 to Android 2.1 in there so look around.- Flash your phone with this. Follow the instructions and you will have no trouble... If you insert your sim card before doing this the phone will recognize you are not in "supported zone" for upgrading it, so it will not let you (basically it will tell you you have the latest firmware which is not true).- In any case just be advised that depending on software, hardware, luck, etc... sometimes this fails and you might get your phone bricked (still can be unbricked if you browse forums) so just proceed with caution.Overall, great phone for the price, very good features, camera takes ok pictures on good lighting situations, responsive browser, email, gps, and most of all calling and texting.

Its a very nice device the WiFi is good, internet is fast. My only concern is i want to save an app in to my sd card so I can save as many apps. and It only shows 2g in my network(at&t;) which makes me sad. How ever It is still pretty good but yeah those 2 problems are my major concern. If anyone could help me with these would be appreciated. I have android version 2.1 If anyone can also help me to the latest version would also be appreciated.whats good about the Gt540:-wifi-fast internet-cheap-clear voice when you call or talk to someone- texting is great tooBad things:-No 3g (U.S.A)-cant save apps in sd card-keyboard in touch screen is annoying its hard to type

I've had this phone for about a week now (received on 10/12/2011), bought it because of all the good (and helpful!) reviews and because of the price. I was lucky enough to get this phone for about $130, seeing as how now the phone price has been raised significantly. For my list below, I can't really say whether these things are pros or cons, but they are my observations thus far:1) I did have trouble getting the phone to recognize my sim card at first (btw I'm with at&t;). Took about 5 tries. I realized it may have been my fault though... I didn't push the card all the way down to the bottom of the slot. Had about 1mm of extra space.2) No one has sent me any mms on this phone yet, but mms didn't work on my last phone either (an LG dumbphone), so I don't really have any complaints on this.3) When I first turned on my phone, everything was in German (manual also came in German and English), but I was brought to the language screen right away so it was easy to change to English. I also wanted to test out airplane mode, and somehow during my switch to airplane mode (or maybe the switch back to normal mode), everything became German again. So it took some fiddling to get it back to English.4) My battery was almost fully charged when I got it (about 96%). Sometimes I think the battery meter is a little funky, it fluctuates at first when I plug it in to charge. Also, the adapter I'm guessing is German, but came with a converter. Luckily, my previous phone was LG and the input/output listed on the adapter was the same as my old one. So far, if I turn off wifi, gps signals, and whatever other sync functions I could find, my battery lasted about 3 days even when I was playing with it, getting to know the phone, and turning wifi on and off constantly. Probably could push it to 4 days with minimal usage. But there was one night where I think my phone kept searching for a signal (maybe airplane mode messed it up), and it drained half my battery overnight.5) I don't use bluetooth often, so haven't really tested out that functionality yet.6) A definite con for me: you can't uninstall the preinstalled apps on the phone. (Who needs Sims!) This may be a huge consideration for me in rooting my phone and upgrading to Gingerbread, but I'm keeping Eclair on it for now.7) I'm still getting used to no keypad. I figure having this phone is my gateway into future smartphones anyway. Or if I get too annoyed, my next phone will have a pull out qwerty keyboard. Also, the XT9 dictionary seems a lot dumber (maybe because it's not a US-based phone). I need to enter a lot of words manually.8) The calling functions are pretty good. I can hear the person on the other end very clearly. Better than my last phone. But ironically, I feel like the phone ringer/ring tone could be louder. Or it needs better ringtones for when I receive a message. They're all sort of high pitched and can be hard to hear inside a purse or even from the next room at max volume. I've missed a few messages so far.Will update again if I decide to root the phone or think of anything else.

I have a black LG GT540 for a little over 2 weeks now. I spent weeks looking at different cell phones before purchasing this unlocked unit from Amazon for about US$120. My interest was to get a low-cost smartphone that was well supported. To me this phone fits the bill, as it uses the Android operating system with a wide selection of free and paid additional applications available. And although the phone was advertised as having the Android 1.6 operating system, it came upgraded to Android 2.1.I note that Android applications on Amazon are unavailable for customers outside of the USA to download. However, thankfully the "https://market.android.com/apps" website is not so restricted. So, I downloaded some "finance" and "productivity" applications from that site with consummate ease. Primarily I wanted to link a Google online account for mobile task management and calendaring. This has been easily done using the WiFi on the phone.The phone is generally responsive when selecting different functions, but there is a delay of about 5 seconds or more when selecting the dial-pad or contacts. (However, I have over 500 contacts downloaded to it through a Google account.)The battery does not seem to last as long as desired, but perhaps I have been overusing it. Also, I have not focused much on the camera and other capabilities, although I would have preferred above 5M pixels rather than the 3M pixels included. The provision of a trackball might have enhanced the use of the phone. I guess I will graduate to those features next time.Overall, I am very pleased with this smartphone for my productivity purposes and believe that it would also be a fun-loving unit for youngsters.

love the quad band as i travel alot. touchscreen is crisp and responsive. All in all a sleek phone with smart features throughout. Can't go wrong.

This is my second unlocked smartphone and my first lg phone.  The problems I had were that it came in Dutch, and it took me a while to figure how to change it back to English. The customer service replied me the next day. The Sims 3 games doesn't work. However, I could download many other free games. Also, the mass storage do not work which I cannot upload pictures to my pc. This is a very nice low price android phone with gps. I hate to pay those data plan from Tmobile so I like this phone with  WiFi and lots of free apps.

The shipping speed's slow. at least it arrived.the phone's fine if u want a cheap android to toy with. comes with android 1.6, upgradeable to android 2.1 >>>  [...]touch screen's fine, no lags, actually runs apps really good, good wifi, might wanna get another browser instead of the installed oneRuns fine with T-Mobileand the phone's actually 150 english sterlings, which is maybe 220 bucks or more, so the original price is outrageously high hereEDIT: OS upgrade to Android 2.1 is really hard here. I'm not saying the work is hard, but the program just doesn't work for many. SO if you're really lucky, you might just be able to upgrade it to Android 2.1. Consider this: in about 5-7 people, 1 might get it run.  Also ROM is limited so dont expect to get a whole lot of apps here.BUT for those of you who don't mind breaking the warranty(fyi: there's none) you can update the phone using this [...]it is not an official LG product, but it actually works better than Lg's and if u do it right it won't brick ur phone(LG's does sometimes)

I purchased this phone September 22, 2011.  Today is August 30, 2012 and woke up to a phone that will no longer turn on.  So don't expect it to last.  The phone was so slow at times it took 3+ minutes to make a phone call (get to one of my contacts, pick out what phone of theirs to call).  This phone does not support 3g.  Impossible to text a photo (I had to email them instead, and that took 2+ min).  Camera does work (slowly) and the pictures are OK when no one is moving.  Since the phone is so slow 6-7 seconds after hitting the button to take a pic someone usually moves making it so blurry that there is really no point to it.  I had t-mobile, and had to call to get the correct codes to make it work.  I put a large 16gb card and it wiped it out 4 times before I down graded to a 4gb and did not have a problem.  Although there was no point to down load all of my music since i was afraid of loosing it once again.  Over all I am very disappointed with this LG product.  Life is not good with this phone.

First I want to say I am using this phone on wifi only, no-plan, no-data charges, just wifi.If you do that you can use all the apps of the phone when wifi is in range, but no calls or SMS.For that alone its perfect. Just like an iPod touch. But do a quick update to the next android release (2.1).FYI I live in Washington State, the wifi works anywhere in the world, but I have no experience with using it as anactual phone.

se me quebro la pantalla y no tiene ni tres meses de uso. se me partio sola pues ni se me cayo

es lo que estaba esperando recibir,espero que sigan tabajando para poder adquirir otros productos a futuro,gracias a todos por el buen trabajo

Though the Quad Band allows you to use it in foreign countries, but due to lack of various language display, you cannot text in foreign languages which makes it less useful in those countries...

The phone is not working! Stoped after 3days the lock screen is frozen! Won't swipe! Not satisfied with this product! Don't buy anything from the seller BREED!!!

I do really like the service that it is being provided by Amazon. Actually,my phone is working very well and I do enjoy it.It is a great quality of phone and everything is working fine. Thanks again Amazon!!!

Excellent option for the money, for basic use is very good option, I recommend if you don't have special needs

even though the seal was broken when I received the item still it was on perfect condition, though the manual was pretty brief 1/4 was english the rest was translated in portugese? anyways, this phone rocks... as in literally speaking its fast  as in really fast for  a phone thats under 200 bucks. im running on android 1.6 and im not updating it to 2.1 yet coz there are many feedbacks and a lot of them wants to go back to 1.6..lite, very nice body. Delivery was 5 days. well atleast it arrived.. also, the packaging was so bad. it looked liked it came from the middle east went though asia back to europe and then to my address. what im saying is that packaging box was in terrible condition but the box of the LG inside was quite intact except for the broken seal thingy. audio was nice, wifi working.. all parts are working fine.still i gave this a 5 star for its pure owsomeness... battery is on excellent condition and there are no missing accessories. now my little sis is playin angry birds on it while im playin Raging thunder 2 without any lag. also, if you run too many apps on it and not killing them on the process the phone will start to lag. i advice installing a program killer or stopper. you can find them on the android market.. oh, and if incase the android market would error when you download in other words it wont let you download " the download was unsucessful" just go to your phone settings >>> manage apps and unistall Android markets update.. coz it worked for me when i did it ^^. so I guess you guys might find this helpful and yes.. im recommending this phone. its just a very nice one. ^^if you guys have other questions about this phone, I could answer them for you. ^^ just ask me

LG Optimus GT540 Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Phone with 3 MP Camera, Android OS, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth--No Warranty (Black)I bought this phone for my wife expecting that would be a great phone despite i had some concerns about the price. When i read the specs i thought that was the best phone compared to others that were so much m ore expensive with the same  characteristics.The phone is so bad that i can' t even make phone calls easily because the touch screen is a mess and i'm not comparing to the iphone i'm doing it with a normal phone. How could you buy a phone that is dificult to you make calls if that action is the essence of any phone. For those reasons whoever is trying to buy this phone don't do it you will loose your money. I suggest to Lg  that if you can't make a good phone with all the specs that you are offering, don't do it because you will lose a client for ever which is my case.

This is the best phone I have had.  I like all of the gadgets and it's really easy to work with.  The touch screen works very well but I would advise using a stylus pen to move around.  It is sensitive to touches but using a stylus pen is definitely the way to use it.  It will prevent one from over touching.

Phone seemed to be ok at first but soon realized that it was a European model that could not be connected to 3G in the U.S. due to the country not recognizing the model.  Difficulty keeping verbage in English.  Would steer clear of this phone if at all possible

I bought this phone for my dad and he loves it. Even though it was a little old and it was only Android 2.1, it works just fine for him since he just moved up into the smartphone world. the shipping was great and speedy, got it before designated day.

I'm quite happy with this smartphone after a week.  It might not be state-of-the-art, but it's a lot of bang for the buck: normal phone functions, web browsing with wi-fi, FM radio, GSP, basic camera (not great pictures, but works fine for bar code QC reading), etc.  Net connections on 3G seem very slow compared to the speed of wi-fi.No problems with the hardware so far.  Popped in my T-Mobile SIM and everything worked right our of the box. The manual is in German and English, and the power brick had European prongs with a US convertor. Does Amazon get its inventory from different sources, which would explain the variations in the reviews? I'm still learning my way around Android -- the phone came with version 2.1 (not 1.6), which is OK but lacks features like storing apps on SD Card, so I promptly upgraded to 2.3.5 ("Gingerbread") with SwiftDroid-CyanogenMod using the instructions at [...]l.  Flashing the firmware isn't for the faint of heart, but my upgrade went fine.  Screen navigation is limited compared to an iPhone or iPod Touch, but is certainly OK.  Typing on the fairly small touchscreen is also OK.Gmail, Contact and Google Calendar data were imported and synced right away.Many apps need a micro SD card, so I'd say it's a "must" to get one with the phone, the larger the better (I got 16mb card for music files).

I was playing in the snow and I dropped it. It was covered by 2 inches of snow overnight... I found it the next morning, no scratches, everything is working as good as new, nothing got damaged! LG  I love you! :)

Its an excellent Android Phone. ONly drawback is its 1.6 but I got it upgraded to 2.1This is not pricey and with that small amount its bundle of joy. I love it and will strongly recommend.Good battery life, fast browsing. and After using iphone ... i still love android for the notifications and call quality.Great to have this phone-Sameer

Let me start by saying you will love this phone if you know what you are buying. And what are you buying? A/ Bang for your buck.Externally, the phone looks great. I love the shape, the size, of both the phone and the screen, is perfect for my taste and the battery cap is both easy to remove and locks in securely.As for the battery, it lasts 48 hours with moderate use (I don't keep wifi or APN on all the time).As for the software, Android is great. The Android Market has LOTS of apps but it can be overwhelming at first. Also, most apps require access to a lot of personal data, which I feel is unnecessary at times.The phone is fast, but as any computer it gets sluggish after a while and you need to restart it to clean your memory. Or get an app to do this, but I haven't decided on one yet.At last, the screen. It won't win any awards, but it looks nice enough. You won't be able to make anything out in direct sunlight, but I don't usually use my phone outside during the day, I'm stuck in an office. The resistive screen is soft to the touch, but those used to capacitive screens will have a hard time getting used to pressing rather than brushing. (Light pressing, I mean, very light)...Only con is It can't seem to get a 3G signal on my carrier, so I'm stuck with 2G for now.Overall, I am happy with my purchase, you can't get any better for the price...

Great buy...always in use.  This LG phone is great to use...so simple and easy!  Helps me with keeping incontact will all of my friends, family and appointments.  Recommend this phone to anyone who wants a simple and easy to use product....

Good and Quick Service. Good Price and fast communication. The Package was send in Good Conditions. This is a Good Seller

I have been using this mobile from last 15 days and this is one of the smartest mobile phone to be owned. Andriod technology is very the quick in response.

No complaints here. I ordered over 20 of these GT540 phones, they are great when the are actually unlocked, I upgraded them all to Cyanogen Android Gingerbread Mod 2.3.4. The couple I got that weren't unlocked out-of-the-box were easily returned and refunded, so if you get the bigger box that is black and says the phone is by 'Orange mobile' then just go ahead and send it back because you can't use it with any company other than 'Orange' in the UK.The 600mhz process is a bit choppy as is to be expected, but 3D games will run without freezing up or slowing down any, just remember to close out stuff when you aren't using it. Everybody that bought these here is very happy and sends their friends and family by to order more. Similar unlocked phones will often run well over $300 at the carrier, making this deal a steal. You can get around the lack of a front facing camera by downloading special builds of apps such as Skype that allow you to use the back side camera, then simply hold a mirror up in front of the phone to video chat. The back side cameras are the good quality ones anyway, at 3.0 megapixels. For photos my wife had no idea they came from a cell phone.If you don't know how to upgrade from 2.1 to 2.3 then you should probably stay away. There isn't a whole lot of free space for applications so I put all my downloaded apps to the SD card, 2-32GB class 4+ memory cards work fine, but only Android 2.2 and up lets you install apps on memory cards, so if you don't know how to upgrade Android on your own using you PC then don't buy this phone.

I've had this phone for almost two years. At the beginning, I loved it. It was my first smart phone, so I didn't have anything to compare it to. After almost two years, I've begun to get extremely annoyed with it. Like any type of processor software, it started to get really slow.  I've had to keep my apps to a minimum because I would get the phone storage memory low message. That memory storage message lead to a great deal of annoyance when I've had do a factory reset on my phone when I accidentally deleted the wrong thing. So I've lost a bunch of numbers in the process. If you want a basic phone with minimal apps, it's great, but don't download anything too large, or it won't run as quickly. The GPS only works if you have a data connection. I didn't have to get a data plan with the phone, and use it solely on WiFi which is a blessing and a curse. If you use the Maps app ahead of time, you can have directions to where you're going, as long as you don't go to the previous screen. The phone comes pre-loaded with some apps that you can't delete, and just take up space. But all in all, it hasn't been a bad phone for the time I've had it. It's definitely time for an upgrade, though.

The phone works well, comes with Android 2.1 (eclair), for the price you have nice features gingerbread I have it running on 2.3.7, and I have no problems. It is an excellent buy

This is a excellent cell phonne, for this price. I could to update the operating system to android 2.1 without problems. The screen is vivid and clear. I love this cell phonne.The only problem is worldwide distributors delayed the sipping a lot days. Worldwide Distributors was too slow sending the cell phone.

Bought the phone, started to freeze up two months after purchase. Completely dead now, I really don't reccomend this product

this fon is purely junk/ it last only for 2 months.my fon now does'nt work..dont buy this fon....after 1 month of used you will experience problems on this fon thats why the warranty only 1 month.

I love this phone. Its very easy to use if you are a first time smartphone user. It has a very good design and doesn't look cheap. The scratch resistant screen isn't as fancy as other phones, but it really gets the job done so its not a big issue. The loud speaker works great-- is powerful, and the call quality is clear on both ends. I highly recommend this phone, I mean for its price works very very well, it does a lot.
