
I have had this phone for more than two years now, and it is all banged up. BUT it still works great. I have dropped it, scratched it, and the thin red border is almost gone.  I have big hands, but the raised numbers are far enough a part that I don't accidently hit the wrong key. That's what sold me on this phone originally.  Just had to order a new battery (from Amazon, new Motorola battery for $4.51!!) as the original one is finally losing its strength. I also carry a new smart phone, but this flip phone is used for 95% of my outgoing and incoming calls.  If you're old school like  me, this is a wonderful phone. I will use it until it dies or the technology becomes obsolete.

The phone turns and holds charge but does not have signal. I worked up to a level 3 Verizon tech. The final result was there no fix for the phone and I had to purchase a new one.

Got it soaked on several occasions and it kept coming back to life amazingly, until this last time :(I got another of the same model.

The phone works okay, but has to constantly be charged.  It must be charged ever other day to be dependable.

Because this phone have no changer and the battery bagd this how I know battery bad the verizon store test the battery in there computer system and said to me it a bad battery tis why e his why yogu can not changer this battery its bad so

product was received on time and was delivered as expected. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a dependable inexpensive cell phone.

i got it and saw a few minor things wrong but nothing more then normal wear and tare. phone worked great and charged well.

My mother loves it she need a new phone she could use with out being hard to use love it

Ok buying a used phone online.. so much could have gone wrong.. but this was a GREAT deal and it came with a charger.. it was at my door in 2days..and looked like a new phone.. No scratches and No problems.. Charged it and off we go..  wonderful service..Thank you..KJ

Bought the Motorola V750 because it was listed a rugged phone and found a good deal on one.  The battery department is quite cheap and actually popped off the first time I dropped which I would not consider a strong quality for a rugged phone but it was also open at the time and hit a concrete floor which did no damage.My phone has a couple of quirks that it will often freeze for 10 to 15 seconds after hanging up, I think this is cause from the battery needing replacing, it is used and an older model phone after all.  The other quirk is that I can't use my speed dial if I hit a # and press send I get a strange recording, so I have to hit the # then view then send, not to big of a deal once I figured it out. One other thing to remember this phone is an older model so the display and functions are limited compared to new phones.

not like new...very good though but i would have liked  an accurate description......................this seller advertised phone as like new which i interpret to mean cosmetically perfect. that's what i wanted. however phone came with scratches on screen and on metal  nad some of the red surrounding the screen had worn off. It's no big deal and i'm going to keep it but it's not like new. better described as very good. like a 7.5 or 8/10 in appearance. phone seems to work well otherwise expect that when i flip it closed it does not disconnect/end  the call. i went into settings and it appears it should do this but it doesn't so i have to remember to use the red end button and then close the phone. annoying since it may eat up your minutes or if leaving voicemail it will continue to record you speaking after you thought you hung up. which is dangerous. overall i think the experience with this seller was good and i have to be fair and say i never contacted thhe seller for a return or anything as i plan to keep the phone since it was very reseasonably priced at $28. I'm sure they would have accepted a return. so, like i said the phone itself is amazing. old but still best flip phone out there. we use it with pageplus. i would buy from the seller agian (Angelica Vallejo).

This phone does what it says. I works great for my contractor husband. It takes a lot of abuse on the job and does what it is supposed to. It doesn't have a lot of features, which he does not want. It has a loud ring tone and seems pretty indestructible. Great job Motorola.

Came defective, Can hear only on spikier, not always convenient  :o))This creates me problems. The one it replaces is not useable anymore and I'm stuck with the talking on speakerphone all the time.

When I opened the package I was surprised to find a refurbished/re-certified cell phone. The motorala Adventure I a purchased was supposed to be "NEW." As it turns out.. it was not new, and it definitely doesn't feel very rugged. The flip top actually feels like it could flip off at any time.

this phone sucks. the speaker part of it,is really bad. most of the time the person on the other end can't hear you. so you have to take it off speaker.

I love motorola products,made well and tough, the reason i bought this is the big screen ease of use and suggest it to everyone,great service also

I purchased this phone with my Verizon Contract only because the sales rep told me that it was a rugged phone.  The phone worked great and has continued to do so, however only after one week I dropped the phone on my kitchen floor and the front screen shattered.  I contacted Verizon and a rugged phone can be dropped and covered by them.  I have continued to use the phone, despite much ridicule from my friends for my age old broken phone.  It's almost three years old now and is begining to freeze up.  I'll be much more carfull when it comes to buying my next rugged phone.

this phone would be ok if it worked. this item does not work!I would like a replacement of this same item.

I bought this phone and from day one it had problems. First, the battery would go dead really really fast. Not so much when I was talking, but standby time was absurdly low. It couldnt make it through the night! I assumed it was a bad battery and so I had the seller send me another battery - they did to their credit - right away. I ended up buying a brand new battery but even that didnt help. OK, second, the alarm never worked. Not a big deal. Third, part of the casing for the thing popped off. Not very "rugged." Fourth, it stopped being able to take incoming calls about half the time! The phone would ring, but then when I tried to answer - they couldnt hear me. Fifth, the keyboard also wouldnt "beep" when I hit keys, no matter what setting I put it on. Sixth and the final straw was when it started calling the last person I called over and over and over. It called my girlfriend 49 times in less than an hour - at midnight when I was sleeping. I had no idea until the next day. So the phone was junk. Junk. The seller - fine, I guess. Not their fault unless they didnt properly test the phone first.

It is just what I was looking for - thanks for the product and the great service. Always happy to shop with you.

Phone came packaged well, easy set up instruction a plus. This was a gift for father, who is not too tech savvy. This is a perfect fit. Will definately buy from seller again.C. McCline NC

I really like this phone it stands up to the test of time especially being in the army and all!  Good stuff

I wanted a phone for an extra line but didn't want a smart phone. This phone is simple and rugged and doesn't require a data plan. Perfect.

The Motorola Adventure has been just that.  An adventure.  Not the worst phone I've ever tried, but overall a disappointment.1 - When I want to use the internet, about 15% of the time it locks/freezes.  I have to take the battery out and replace it 3 times or so to get it to reset.2 - The battery life is below average. The battery itself is doomed well within a year and needs to be replaced. Turns out it's because the charger was "overcharging" it, so I bought a new convservative charger for about $32, rather than use the one that the phone comes with. This seemed to alleviate the problem of burning through batteries.3 - For someone who texts or likes to take pictures or download ringtones, the memory space is completely inadequate.4 - Although it somehow qualifies as a "rugged" phone, the screen will still crack, it is not recessed enough nor rubberized, it's just a hard plastic shell.5 - The camera zoom is very blurry.6 - The internet apps are so poor, especially driving directions and the e-mail app that asks for you to re-enter my password three or four times, leading me to believe I was using the wrong password, even though I was not!7 - When I lose bars/service and a call is about to be dropped, I must end the call in order to call the person back. Then all of a sudden, the service is back up to 1 or 2 bars, as soon as I hang up.  If I completely lose signal, I get an audible alert and a "call dropped" message but when it is in 0 bars, I must manually hang up because the signal cannot be restored automatically (after passing through zero bars, there is no coming back), but there is no indication warning me that the call has been dropped already.8 - There have been no visible upgrades. Verizon does not actively support this phone.9 - If you e-mail yourself a ringtone to vzwpix.com, you can't set it as a ringtone. This way, verizon can keep monopolizing your ringtone purchases, you can't use third party services sufficiently.10- My replacement charger, one that was sold to me by verizon store purportedly to work with this phone, works okay for AC power but not for transferring data or charging via the USB port. You apparently need a special charger for that basic functionality. The phone does not have universal port nor any kind of commonly used adapter can go with this phone. It is just a devious method for them to be able to sell more chargers!The only positives are the compact size, the add-on games of tetris and scrabble are pretty true to form, and that's about it.

Just as advertised, good price and quality. Have been using the phone for some time without any issues. Buy with confidence!

Good phone old school but that is the style of phone i was searching for. does a lot of functions for a flip phone with the media net along with a great mp3 player on board with external controls.

came in  like new condition, works perfect, replaces my $800 windows smart phone, rugged, but no pocket calls, make and receive calls and on standby you get 21 days between charging. no one will be impressed but if you want a phone not a toy this one does it

Only had it for a week but it is not freezing and the battery has lasted up until yesterday with excessive use. This phone is a little tank. I foresee issues with the hinge at the top however. The giant red button on the side for the media center is very annoying, but you just have to deal with it. Good phone for only 25 dollars. Cant go wrong with the old high end flip phones. Also, its a rugged phone, so I dont worry about getting it a little wet or drop it a foot, unlike these new smart phones that will bust from a 2 foot drop or getting a single drop of rain on them...

This phone came on time, but the battery was dead and neither regular nor car charger would work.  After contacting Wireless Overstock, they sent another battery and charger, which STILL did not work.  We ended-up at Verizon and buying a new charger. After posting a 2-star review on their website, Wireless Overstock called and left a phone message, offering to reimburse us for the Verizon charger, but when we tried to call them back twice, their message mailbox was full and we could not reach them.  Although we like the phone itself, we will not use this company again.  It is not worth the hassle.

I am one of those people that is not yet ready to stomach the price of a monthly data plan and a fancy smart phone.  This phone fits all my needs - calls, texts, and picture messages.  The pictures aren't great - but usually good enough.  My only complaint about that phone is that I often hit the red button on the side the takes you to the music folder.  However it is only slightly annoying.  The phone has a decent battery life - 2-3 days with my currently usage which is around 1-2 hours of talking and a handful of texts a day.  I have verizon and did not have any issues activating the phone on line.For the price this is definitely a great little phone.

This is an oder model VERIZON phone, but it looks great.  All my kids friends thought it was a new razor, however..here is the draw back, since it is an older phone, if you broke your previous VERIZON phone, but had your address book backed up on back-up assistant, this phone will not allow you to port your address book in, but we found a long way around it.  You CAN port them, if you can go into a VERIZON store and port them from another phone.  Since my phone was broke, we cleared my husband's address book and added my list from the back up assistant site and then went in with this phone and put them on mine phone to phone which is the only way you can do it with this older phone.  We were not aware of this when we ordered it and I needed a phone ASAP and I love the phone and this was better than adding 300 contacts manually.

really like the phone,great camera with the zoom, a little hard on batterys even the new one i put in,

I've found the V-750 to be "OK".  I should first disclose that I purchased it for basic use, to make calls and send the occasional text message.  I was lured by the description of "rugged", as this phone will be exposed to plenty of dirt, vibration, and I'm sure the occasional drop around the farm. (Which is why I only buy flip phones) So far, I really haven't fully tested the "rugged" feature!The biggest positive I've noticed is signal reception -- I live in an area where tower strength is pretty weak, yet this phone does a good job of hanging on to calls.On the downside, I don't find the control buttons very intuitive to use.  The manual that was sent with the phone by BlueTek was pretty lame, so I had to go online to download the manual from Motorola to teach me how to use some of the basic features.  I suppose had I owned a Motorola brand cell phone in the past, this might not have been such a problem for me.The side keys mostly just get in the way.  I really like them for volume control, but the music control key is perpetually being accidentally activated, as is the voice command button.  I'm quite accustomed to hearing "Please say a command" from my pocket.  I can lock the side keys, but it appears they unlock as soon as I open the phone and then stay unlocked, so you have to remember to relock them each time you use the phone.  I had a previous phone where I could set it to lock the side keys each time the flip was closed, which was MUCH more user friendly.The ringer volume cannot be set as loud as I would like, either. I often have a lot of background noise, and miss quite a few calls because I don't hear it ring.  (Having vibrate "on" helps, but doesn't get my attention all the time)

Looked cool. Got it in good time. Verizon could not activate it. Had an odd ESN number. Would not work. Sent it back. Got my $ back.

Charger worked for one time and had to buy another one for 20 dollars!! Not happy about it at all

Phone had some wear and tear but overall I am completely satisfied with the used phone.  Went down to a basic phone plan with Verizon for $35 a month and the Iphone still works over wifi (facetime and texting).  This Motorola phone is great!  Takes up to an 8gb MicroSD card so all my music and ringtones totally fit perfectly.  This phone also has a great speakerphone!!  Much louder than my Iphone 4.  Very durable.  My little guy tosses it around with the music playing and loves it as well.  The battery life is terrific(about 2 days or more with lots of talking and texting)!

It never even worked, I was so bummed as I really don't want a smart phone but I guess I'll live.

The phone is very basic and easy to use. I don't use it because it cost to much for a basic plan and I had to go back to a smart phone. Works well and is not very rugged.

He chose this phone because he likes the flip phone and he can tex on it due to the keys set the way they are. He has multiple phone chargers for this type,its size,it just really worked to his advantage. I would recommend this phone to anyone who likes the flip phone.

I purchased a used cell phone (Verizon) for my son.  I had a hard time getting the phone activated, and ready to send it back. The seller contacted me and let me know to change the ID numbers around.  I finally got it to activate, and know my son is using the cell phone.  Very happy!!!

I did not want to sign a new contract with my provider. My husband was used to his own phone, and he did not want to learn how to use a new one.We had to purchase a new changer as soon as the battery ran down. The one that came with it would not work. The charger cost more than the phone and charger I had ordered.  But still at this price it was well worth it.

This is my second V750. The first one lasted 4 years and the battery would still hold a charge for 3 days.  Light, thin, tough, non-skid surface is a bonus.  Nice feel when talking.  My first one was washed and dried twice in a pants pocket, and still worked perfectly.  I almost bought 2, in case I couldn't find another 4 years from now.  And best of all, $0 for a data packege.

The phone worked in the beginning but while talking on the phone it would beep every few minutes. It was aggravating and I could not get it to stop. I finally started got service transferred to another phone, but the return time limit had passed.

THIS ITEM IS VERY GOOD, WITH A BATTERY CHARGED TOO! IT'S A SERIOUS COMPANY AND I'LL BUY AGAIN HERE IN THE FUTURE.

It's not smart phone, but awsome phone to carry around without worrying about the battery life or freeze up.  The phone is light and very good looking.  The battery lasts about a week on standby, and the call quality is very good.  I live around "dead zone", and only verizon works where I live, but this phone has good reception. Highly recommended.

The Motorola V750 is a very good low priced phone for everyday use. It's easy to use in a work situation. The ring tones are a little weak which makes it hard to hear in certain surroundings, but, over all it's a good deal. I'm partial to Motorola products.

No problems to report. Understanding that this is a older phone, but is fine for the usage tthat I require.

Decent phone for what it is, the screen is clear and the buttons are large enough for my boyfriend to text comfortably with.  I wouldn't call it "Rugged" though, the flip phone seems a little flimsy and the battery cover is a very thin piece of plastic.I was very happy with the vendor- the first phone they send me didn't work (which can be expected sometimes with older phones...) but they were very quick with email correspondence which allowed me to make an exchange.

My phone works great. I am very happy with the service, and will purchase again from this supplier. I have ordered several items from Amazon and they all were as described and worked great. I will continue to order from Amazon.

I did not get the phone I ordered, however the phone that was sent works fine. I'm ok with this phone

Good product for the money. Not as receptive as my last phone.  Mine came without a manual. Had a question, got no response.

This phone is great for basic needs. My husband and I gave up our smart phones to cut back on expenses. We have our own tablets and so having a smart phone was expensive and not a &#34;Need&#34; for us. I don't know about how rugged it is. I have dropped it on the ground and nothing happend. It works great. The camera is good. I miss having a keyboard for txting, but then again, I don't do much texting anyway. Overall, it's a great little phone and I am satisfied with it.

I hated my old LG phone and I still had a year to go with it! So I got on amazon and found this phone, and I love it! It is easy to use and hear! Great phone!
