
the shop was fast but the sell the item using lies the ofert a thing and sell it incomplete but the phone works fine so i don't have complain

very dissapointed after buying this phone outright at t-mobile in N.Y.CCustomer service was helpful. But the problems persist. My only resort now: "you can! always buy a different phone." is what the last rep. from t-mobile told me... was helpful but a bit annoying like a real "candywrapper" (someone who is so! sweet..or so they seem,but there is a real F...cker inside)OK  issues with the phone:  1. camera constantly locking/freezing the phone ( click on the camera icon,the screen goes black..and thats it..frozen. I have been shuting it down and back on...they takes forever) t-mobile sent me another after 6months of purchase and constant problems. This is my second,and it continues...after dozens of walk throughs of trouble shooting.2. too much delay on the phones funtions in general3. the screen scratched in my pocket,may have beencar key...but hey, i bet this isnt the oddest case.dustproof,waterproof,scratchproof...even if it did all these,it still isnt doing the things a cellphone needs to do..work when you need it to.Mine is not unlocked version.  i suggest do not buy this phone!!!!!

I have the earlier version of this phone so deciding to buy this one was worth it. Apps and all application was good.

Product arrived on time, and it was exactly as described: new, not refurbished, unlocked... everything okAlso good customer service before purchasing

Its awesome, good camera screen and all the stuff.Can connect with 3G network outside USA, i have read that the carrier make that.If its posible connect it, let me know

excellent

I fell on my previous Defy phone and wanted to replace it with a phone that had the same form factor.  That is getting hard these days.  All phones are getting bigger, and I'm not a fan of big phones.  This phone works fine, but it doesn't get the 3G connection from T-Mobile, just the &#34;edge&#34; connection for data.  That is slower than 3G and that is a disappointment that I'm learning to live with.  If Motorola comes out with a small form factor phone that actually gets 3G or 4G (or if an unlocked phone can be set up to work with T-Mobile's 3G or 4G network) I'll probably buy it and retire this unit.

Excellent smartphone resistant to all good fast good camera sensitive screen everything a phone should have this cost thank you very much

Very happy with the purchase.  I work overseas in asia and it works fine off a SIM card.  Picture quality is OK at best.  The phone has a protective rubber coating around it (I also bought a silicone case).  I would not go so far as to say it is a "outdoor or rugged" phone, but just a step up from a regular phone.  Overall, very happy with this Motorola product.

Pros: Waterproof, Satellite GPS, Android 2.2, 5 MP back camera.Cons: No frontal camera (and no skype video calls), No HD camera, The processor is not as fast as other smartphones.PROS:-This motorola defy really turned me up since i`ve known it was waterproof, and thats a very good point at least for me, because i already lost two mobile phones because of water disasters. I tested that funcionallity with courage and it really doesn`t do anything to the phone at all.-In the package, there were lots of things, including in ear headphones, a car charging adapter and also a normal wall charger with the europe plug (international version) but it does come with an adapter to the american plug, to my surprise.-The Satellite GPS is a really great funcionallity, because you don`t need to use 3G neither internet to access maps and get directions to places, and it`s pretty fast too, it helps me a lot when and don`t know wwhere is some place i have to go, and i don`t even need to pay anything such as a 3G network.-I don`t have much to say about Android 2.2, it`s a pretty good Operational System and apps (widgets) are pretty nice with a big extension of apps. And you can even update if a new one comes out.CONS:-I think the really big thing that pisses me off is that Defy doesn`t have a frontal camera, and if you don`t have a frontal camera , skype automatically doesn`t make video calls, whitch i like to do it very usually. Another thing is not having an HD camera, but the 5 MP camera is not that bad, although HD is something that much cleaner and with more details (definition).-The `not that fast` processor doesn`t make that much influence in the usual lite applications, but it makes some difference when you play some games and heavy apps.My final conclusion is that this phone is a good phone for my routine and durable, and if you keep it protected it is even going to resist any kind of liquid. But about the cons, i`ll consider them as one less star. Four star for it.

I had to send it on to my son in Alabama and he loves it.  I did not receive any reception in my area, two phones and no bars.

I like it, very good for the price!It can be slow if you try to run too many things at the same time! The battery is main problem and need to be recharged every other day!!But I'm very satisfied with it!

in December i buy the motorola defy mb525, I thought it would be a long lasting phone, looks strong and is resistant to water according to reviews but the android operating system is very slow and very short battery life, the phone only served eight months I , in August stopped working... never got into liquid or hit for fear  ... &iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;And the worst is that this company no gave me no guarantee of motorola defy!!!.I DON'T RECOMMEND TO BUY THIS EQUIPMENT.

Had the phone almost 3 months and it quit working. I just wanted to throw it in the trash.I'm stuck with a phone I can't use.

I have this phone. It is really amazing - strong, waterproof, but there are some draw backs - when you are under the shower the water drops are troubling the touch screen. It also lags some time,  slow processor. You should probably go for the plus version.

i've had this for almost a month. it was ordered from the wireless circle (Alizai Enterprise Inc) and fulfilled by amazon.the actual phone is a unbranded french unlocked phone. i just turned it on and chose english during setup and it works fine. it came in motorola retail packaging. the oem motorola charger is a EU 2 pin charger with oem motorola usb plug. it came with a generic adapter to fit the eu 2 pin to a us outlet.the system installed from the factory is 2.3.6. the phone itself is a little bit smaller for its size compared to the samsung rugby smart. it has not been dropped or tested in water yet. i don't plan on dropping it or dipping it in water. i purchased a "mesh" rubberized plastic case and a screen protector for it.reception is good and the screen is bright. it's on at&t; in california. speaker phone can be loud and clear. it's speed is good most of the time. google offline maps work on this phone. i can find my location with a map loaded and gps on. i've got my maps loaded for my europe trip!

Best selling point: water resistant and shock proof. By far this is the best phone I ever bought. I'm tired of having products that break down after 1 year. This phone has the potential to last for years. Honestly Motor Blur a bit too cumbersome, however I changed the ROM and it is as smooth as needed. Forget other phones that can't take a beating, I was this phone daily like I wash my hands. Something about the extra freedom of not worrying about your phone getting damaged. Just as robust as humans are. Battery life is great! I use it constantly for 2 days straight without recharging. Truly well done Motorola. You've fallen far from the tree, only now to sit atop it in the last few years. I hope you continue to make honest products like the Motorola Defy. You should market it as a phone that truly sets you free. No need to worry about it getting wet, or getting scratched as you have the gorilla glass. You can take it into the shower while listening to music, watching TED videos.  Truly a great product. To me Motorola is producing honest products. Tired of those other smart phones that you have to treat like a delicate flower.Motorola, Make more of these!

Bought this phone for it's toughness.  Just like everybody else who has this phone the "gorilla glass" breaks.  Once that happens there goes the water resistance. Now it won't charge.  Absolutely no customer support from Motorola.  No updates.  No nothing.  Will never buy Motorola again.  Save your money and buy something else.

I am very happy with this phone, it works perfectly, it is waterproof and the screen doesnt scratch easy, washed it already twice on the sink after bein on the beach. It is as sensitive and precise as the Iphone 3G.It has great sound, and all the apps work great, I have to admit that it gets slow sometimes, but nothing to be worried about, I've had a blackberry for a year and I just hated the system... it was incredible slow to recover when it went down, this one you turn it off and on again and it works great, blackberry used to take like an hour to get back to life. Note this doesnt happen as often too in this phone.I love Android, is is very customizable and you can almost customize even how often you want social networking like FB to get updates, which is great when you sleep, it gives you the option of automatically not receive updates at night or at certain hours you choose. It is great if you want to get some rest from this stuff.I would recommend this phone to anyone traveling, getting wet, into sports, but that also have work and internet needs to fulfill... like email, chat... etc...Have to say I am really admired with SWYPE... amazing thing, easy to write.In short... this phone is the best phone I've ever had, just love it.

This phone is awful.  On my second replacement. Voice quality is poor. Slow. Touch screen freezes.  Beware of the battery. I would suggest keeping the charger with you at all times.

I am uniquely qualified to review this product, as I have3 owned THREE of them.  The first one was purchased based on the claim that the phone is "rugged".  It fell from my lap onto the floor 24 inches below, shattering the screen.  It wasn't thrown, it wasn't stepped on- it fell.  I purchased a new one, along with an otterbox case.  This one lasted 24 hours before the micro USP port simply lost connection.  It broke off internally, or was possibly never connected to begin with.  I returned it, recieved a new one, and this third one lasted all of 3 months before one day it simply froze and the screen turned blue.  That was it.  No rough use at all, no pushing this feeble device to it's limits by excessive internet use, overloading the memory, no overcharging, no downloading of potentially harmful files.  I had taken gentle care of it in light of my experience from my first phone of this model.  I hadn't expected much based on the price, just the ability to play music and check the news and weather, and the claim that it was rugged.  I've owned a good number of phones, and take responsiblity if I've broken them myself, as has been the case- but this phone is just plain garbage.  Expect 2-3 months of use, if you are careful.  When it does break, you can have it repaired by paying $100USD for a new mother board (yes, seriously!), or send it to Motorola, which will take longer than the time you had with the phone before it killed itself.  Motorola themselves warn you that it will be a two-to-three month turnaround if you decide that this phone was so great that you want it fixed.  But you won't.  Simply put- not worth the hassle.

I've had this phone for about 9 months it's always been a little slow but nothing too terrible. Just a few days ago out of the blue it starts going completely off. It won't download my emails, it won't go on wifi, it won't download any updates, it turns off all the time, and it freezes randomly. So I'm gonna have to buy a completely new phone. I hate this phone. It is terrible..

If this was 2011, I'd say maybe.If you spent a lot of time in the dust and wet, I'd say maybeBut its old, old technology. Don't use this as a starter phone as it is much harder to use than up to date phones.We had this phone for a week, did sessions to get it up and running, but decided to send it back.Despite my son's exhortations to get an Android, we got a Nokia 521 as a starter smartphone for my wife.A month into it she is comfortable in its use and wonders why we hadn't done this sooner.

Is a very good phone.. all i wanted.. For me work perfect... Is fast, good battery durability, good camera. I only improve the video camera resolution is only VGA, dont record in HD. Sincerely Im not tried the waterproof. The android system is 2.2.2. Brings sound and multimedia equalizer.

Battery stand by time is pretty good. WiFi drains the battery a lot. It needs to be restarted(with junk file cleaning option enabled) in every 3/4 weeks, otherwise it becomes annoyingly slow. Google maps works fine(honestly I'll say OK) but never an alternate for GPS :). Didn't try the Defy options(hammering,soaking) yet.

I like that the phone size is not much larger than the screen size. IOW smallish bezel.I think the screen is almost the same size as that of my (Verizon\PagePlus) droid incredible, but the overall size of the Defy is smaller.  I got this one because the price is less than $100 and it can be hacked/rooted to run different versions of Android, etc.  AND I wanted a SIM phone to take advantage of some some great deals on cheap phone service via MVNOs on T-mobile.  I've switched mine over to Cyanogenmod 7.2.I currently have a Lycamobile sim in it that gives me pay-as-you-go cheap service on the T-mobile network.I've yet to see it go into 3G fast data mode ...  it does voice and Edge speed data okay and of course, WiFi.Personally, I would NOT count on this phone as being very water-resistant, perhaps a little more so than the average smartphone, at least it has caps that fit over the headphone and micro-USB ports.  So probably okay to use in a light rain or handle the occasional splash -- but not to leave in your pocket while you go for a swim!For example, the back cover fits niccely and has a mechanical latch so it won't pop off when you drop the phone... BUT NO rubber "o-rings" that I would expect to see in a true water-resistant device.When I get to a city with full 3G coverage, I'm going to try the various software baseband switching modes (available via an app on a rooted phone) and see if I can get it working at 3G speeds...  I'll update this review if and when...This phone is circa 2010 technology, but plenty enough "power" to do most things one would want to do on a somewhat-less-than 4 inch screen phone that really fits in your pocket.Personally, for me, the next size up is to go with a 7 inch tablet for reading, games, video, browsing... I have both a kindle fire HD and an e-ink Nook.

Im sorry to say this, but it's a piece of crap.At first it was working so good, the only but is that the camera is bad is like it's always in zoom even in the unzoom mode.But what turns this phone into a piece of crap, is that every other day it gets EXTREMELY hot messing the screen and burning my legs when I have it in my pockets, so every time it happens I have to remove the battera quickly and wait for an hour, otherwise it will seriously injury me. It started happening about 3 weeks after I bought it.Don't buy this crap guys!

Good starter Android phone. Very small phone with lots of features. Durable within reason. I have been using for 6 moths with no real issues (that I didn't cause myself). Battery life averages 2 days at best with Wi-Fi switched off.reliable- would purchase again.

So I started up with a free one from Tiger Direct. The first one that came in simply didnt have the power to display the starting graphics. Ok, it happens. Next, I get a replacement and its works fine for a week. It then slows down to a crawl! It would lag with the simplest of tasks such as a calculator. It is however rather water resistant as it fell in Lake Tahoe and managed to survive. Avoid though, its simply a really slow excuse of a phone. That and it's screen isn't really life proof as Motorola says. It's screen and digitizer (the actual screen) cracked. I now have a phone with a dead screen from a 5ft fall. My iPod is stronger than that. Simply put, if you can get it for free be cautious, but if you end up having to pay over $20, avoid it and save for a better phone.

The phone came with 2.51.1 software release, which makes it almost unrootable. So, if you really want to own what you buy, buy something from another manufacturer. I am looking for another phone myself, but this could have been great.

nice looking phone ,i put it in water and it realy is water proof ,resistent to scraches small size good quality pictures and more...but it freezes so often , sometimes i have to desconect the battery , tu turn it off

I have now gone through two of these phones and they honestly suck. Stay away from them. They freeze ALL THE TIME. Seriously I have to remove the battery at least twice a day to reboot it because it is frozen. Secondly they don't support half the apps on the app store. And finally they're just unreliable... the phone has a mind of its own and does its own thing. Like sometimes just the clock will be way off. I tell it to call someone and it doesn't. Then it'll call them 10 minutes later. Or sometimes I'll be on the phone with someone and the phone will put that call on hold and create a new call and dial the person I am already talking to. Seriously both phones I've had are like this.

The first thing I did when I received the phone was drop it in a bowl full of water. The phone kept working as usual, however I noticed that camera was tarnished, My first though was that  that reaction was normal. The hours passed and then I saw a bubble of water inside the camera and some water in the top left corner of the screen. When I attempted to take a picture, the image was cloudy. I made a research online I someone told me to left it all night in a cup full of rice to have the wet absorbed and It worked. I tried to take a picture but the screen was totally black and I could not press any key on the phone, It was frozen. I took the battery out and then I tried again, but the same thing happened. I made a master reset to the phone but the issue was not resolved. I decided to take the phone with a technician and the first thing he asked me as soon as he took a look at the phone was &#34;Did you open the phone?&#34; and Off course I said NO. He showed me with his magnifying glass that the top of the screws that are around the phone was scratch off, that means that someone opened the phone before and did not closed it properly. He said that one of the integrated circuits was burned and I could not be replaced. The phone works fine, but the camera does not work at all. I'm really disappointed.Now I don't know if the Part inside the phone are original or they were replaced with generic ones.

Phone came unlocked and I knew I would root it as soon as possible.Motorola Blur is slowish as hell but I experienced it for no longer than 5 minutes on my phone.The Defy is very "hacker friendly", unlike the Defy+.As for the day of writing this review, Cyanogenmod 7.1 runs perfectly on it and Cyanogenmod 9 is runnable although still in alpha stages.I highly recommend this phone to people who are going to root & flash it. If you're not going to do it - perhaps choose a different phone (which would also cost some more $$).I was a bit disappointed with the battery life and this is why I decided to give it 4 stars instead of 5. There are probably some things that can be done to extend it, but generally speaking - it's just not long.

I really enjoyed having this phone. I removed the motorola stuff and installed cyanogenmod without any trouble so I had all of the software features I wanted. It was great! Generally I found it to be waterproof -- used it in the shower (for music - great speakers) and dropped it in water several times and it was fine. The supposed IP67 rating means it should be good for immersion of up to 1m for 30minutes. I do a lot of water-related and outdoors activities so the ruggedness was just what I wanted, combined with the smarts to run things like Google Sky Map (now I know the Northern night sky!), GPS applications, etc.CONS:30 days after buying it, the volume buttons stopped working.So I got a new one. And that one was also good for a time.Then one day, 2 months after getting the new model, I submersed it in the ocean (less than 1m, less than 30 minutes) and shortly thereafter it stopped working. I found a small amount of water inside the back cover and there was more in the USB port even though the cover was closed. Though the phone was advertised as IP67, you shouldn't trust that statement. The gasket is meager and the USB port cover is not trustworthy. I've noticed that I can no longer find the IP67 rating mentioned on the Motorola website :(. Plus, even if you have a warranty, they won't cover a water damaged phone, regardless of their IP67 claim.So, although I'd love it if this dream phone were for real, I'm not going to throw another $300 down this hole.

I signed up for Republic Wireless and got the Defy as my first smart phone. I was so excited, and this phone really impressed me with its abundance of great features.- Call quality. Since I switched to this phone my wife has commented on how hard it is to understand me and how muffled the calls are. It also drops a significant amount of calls, which is great because who wants to talk to their wife anyway? Am I right? It's fun when the little answer slider freezes, so I can't answer the call and it just keeps ringing. Usually it stays frozen for a little while after that, making it impossible to call the person back or answer if they call right back. I love it.- Auto-shutoff. This feature is perfect for people who use their phone as an alarm or do a lot of business and expect important calls. It's really convenient to check my phone and see that it's not even on, and possibly hasn't been for hours. It was especially useful when I was late for work because it shut off during the night. I like how it doesn't matter if this phone's plugged in or not and this feature still works.- Tons of space. The best thing about smart phones is the selection of apps. This phone has enough storage space to get about 5-6 apps on it before runs out of space. Since many apps can't run off the SD card or need at least some space on the phone, the on-phone storage is awesome. I especially like the low space warning I constantly get to see. It's gotten to be a fun little hobby of mine deciding which app to get rid of so I can try a new one. Hopefully they improve this feature on the next version so we can only fit 1-2 apps on it. I also like how I can't uninstall really important apps I use daily like Facebook and Google stuff. I also like how many apps like notepad, calendar, email, etc. can't be removed, even if you use other apps like Catch, aCalendar, and Gmail. That way you'll always have back-up apps that you don't use taking up space so you can't put more apps on.- Battery. The battery on this phone is great. It usually lasts almost an entire day, unless I do anything with the phone. I'd guess that every time I run an app ten minutes drop off the battery life. This is perfect for using the navigation app. If' you're in a big city and it takes a while to get to your destination, the battery will drop very quickly. This makes it safer to drive since you won't be distracted by your phone, plus you get to see the sights of the city while you drive around looking for your destination. It's also convenient how accurate the battery gauge is. If my phone dies and I plug in my charger, it will instantly be at 20% battery. That's some futuristic technology.- Wifi. This may only be a feature of the Republic Wireless customers, but it's very convenient that the phone disconnects from wifi, won't auto-connect to my home network, and doesn't search for wifi anymore. It used to, which seemed like a good feature considering the wifi ratio requirements for Republic users, but now I see how much easier things are this way. Why would I want to connect to wifi when I can use the 1x cell network and mess up my ratio?- Processing power. This phone is a beast. It's really powerful and can run anything you throw at it. I got Temple Run (1) to run on this and it only lags 60-70% of the time. The heat-up feature is good because then you know when you've played a game for more than five minutes. It helps me control my playing time. I haven't tried most games on it since the first three or so made it crash, so that's really worked out for me. Instagram only crashes 40% of the time.- Camera. My previous camera was one of the first Canon Powershot models from 1996 that a roommate didn't want when he moved, and the Defy's camera is much better than that. It takes really grainy, pixelated photos that have a great film-like look. Setting the color balance is a snap, and it usually still turns out heavy on the green spectrum which is perfect for me since green is my favorite color. The camcorder feature is really cool, too, especially if you aim directly into the sun so there's enough light to pick up video. This camera is at least as good as the VHS camcorder I got from my parents. The footage looks very similar, too, so I can edit video from both cameras together and not tell a difference.A few other features that are cool: not syncing up with Dropbox even though the accounts are linked and auto-sync is turned on; screen dimming time doesn't match up with the settings--to make it dim after 10-15 seconds you set it to dim after 3 minutes; contacts that don't show up after you add them--I can sometimes find them under "favorites" or their name and info shows up when they call, but isn't in my contact list anywhere; and on and on.Motorola really did their homework when they made this phone. It has everything you could want in a smart phone. Plus, it's super durable which keeps all that powerful hardware safe and makes it really hard to take the battery out when the phone completely freezes and won't respond to any button you push. Overall, I love this phone and can't wait to smash it, destroy its insides with pliers, and put the video on youtube.

muy bueno aca en venezuela funciona muy bien recomiendo el equipo y al vendedor, sin ninguna queja y liberado para todas las empresas en venezuela...

Very glitchy, I couldn't update it, the android version that was on mine when I received it was 2.1 and wouldn't update. Im very disgruntled. I had it for 1 month before I gave it away, total waste of money. Buy a windows phone. Android is bad.

Brand Motorola means quality!!! I recommend it! Very resistant, fast!A excellent and cheap cell phone! It works as good as a galaxy s3 or iphone, but much more cheaper!

This phone it's just great. I bought this for my father and it works great for the things that he use. Calling, send sms, surf the web... The basic stuff. But it's a great phone for anybody. Totally recommended.

I didn't get the phone on Amazon, but purchased it through t-mobile.This product does not live up to its claims of water resistance. The flimsy plastic back with no rubber seal is not adequate to protect this phone from water damage. And, of course, the warranty does not cover water damage!After just 4 months of owning this phone it stopped working. I always used it according to the manufacturer's instructions...always kept the back locked and the ports closed with the rubber stoppers. Yet after being submerged in water for less than a minute no more than 6 or 7 times, the phone stopped working.I believe the weakest link is the flimsy plastic back. It merely clicks in place like every other phone. No rubber seal. The plastic is not strong enough to create a suction when you lock it either. Just a slight curve in the thin plastic and your phone has no barrier agains water.Don't be fooled by all the free advertising technology reviewers are giving Motorola. Yes the first time it is dipped in water it will probably survive. But Motorola (nor t-mobile) are willing to back up the claims that you can drop it in the toilet and YOUR PHONE WILL NOT BE COVERED UNDER WARRANTY.It's not dust-proof either. Merely keeping it in your pocket will fill the crevices and battery area with dust.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FOR ITS ADVERTISED QUALITIES. You will still have to keep this phone far away from water if you don't want to have to buy a new one.

I am pleased with my Motorola Defy MB525.  The only thing that I was not happy with, was the fact that when I recieved it, everything was in spanish.  I did not know how to change the settings and had to take it to the Tmobile store to have them reset it to english.

Blutekusa and Amazon mislead the Buyer into believing this phone isa United States phone when in reality it is NOT and there is no warranty.Mine is a Brick after 5 months..

I recommend it 100%, being a quality product and useful.Good performance and meets all requirements.100% Satisfied with the purchase. Thank you!

I bought  this phone supposedly new,  and  I&#8217;m very disappointed, the phone did not come unlocked, did not included charger, handset and has many scratches. Don&#8217;t waste your money. I don&#8217;t recommend it.

This is supposed to be a waterproof model of phone. It was shipped without a cover for the earphone jack. When seller asked me to talk to them be for giving feedback. I mentioned this to them. Their response was &#34;the item was not advertised as waterproof&#34;. So don't go by manufactures description of items these guys sell. Apparently you can only go by what they say in advertising.Also I can only access internet through wifi, not cell phone. I've had this model before and it had no problem. My provider tried to fix it with me over the phone without success. Waiting for my cell provider to have a special technician call me back in 24 - 72 hours. Hopefully they will be able to resolve it. I guess they didn't advertise it as having internet capability without a wifi signal either. So don't expect anything from this sellers products that isn't specifically mentioned in their ad.

So I purchased this phone on June 3rd and received it on June 7th 2014, thanks to the person whom I bought it from. It was meant to be a Father's Day gift for my husband. He couldn't wait and opened it early. It's not hooked up to T Mobile yet but will be by Father's Day and I will write more about this phone then but so far so good.

I give it a 4 star due to the quality and of how reliable this product is. This does everything it is suppose to do.

It is a great phone! Although sometimes it works really slow, that is the only complain I have about it

I'll start with the fact that this is my first smartphone, so it was easy to impress me. I actually first got the HTC Sensation from Tmobile, but returned it the next day for this phone cause it suits me much better (I torture my phones). I don't regret the trade at all! This is a 100% android phone with all the awesomeness of the android marked, gps, netflix, and Pandora, and it's practically indestructible. I throw it in my cargo pocket along with keys and what not and it never scratches, I've dropped it multiple times and dropped things one it, still no scratches or cracks.. I actually took it for a 4 hour tubing trip down the river, the ultimate test, and it survived!!! I literally had it sitting in my cup holder on my tube with just the speaker out of the water so we could still have music. I threw it in my pocket and walked thru the river, with it continuously submerged in the water for minutes at a time. I can't believe it survived!! Still works flawlessly. I can't imagine owning any other phone now. Also, it's the perfect size. That's one reason I didn't like the Sensation. It's a monster. The Defy is also very lightweight, strangely lightweight actually.. VERY loud speakers - earpiece and main speaker. Fast processor for smooth operation (8MHz - new one's gonna have 1GHz), bright screen. Good battery life, not great, but I'm used to dumb phones anyways.... and 7 screens.. I don't know what you could possibly do with that many.. I only use 4.5 haha.. Great phone, love it, truly can take a beating and be submerged. Recommend to all!!

Durable phone.No problem so far.Quick and no problem shipping.Easy to set up.Internet a bit slow but expected and it might be a network issue.

buen dia, mi pregunta es sencilla, que accesorios acompa&ntilde;an al telefono en la caja, claro esta comprandolo como articulo nuevo, es decir, manos libres, cargador, bluetooth, memoria sd de cuantas gb, entreo otros.  Gracias

She loved it. The functions are very friendly, the cam is good, perfect size. She use it in Venezuela with movilnet (3G)

When, the phone first arrived I was quite surprised by the size of the phone. The phone is really really thin and feels as if it ways no more than a lb or two. But, it's a very beautiful phone; it had not one scratch on it and came with everything that a phone out of a regular store would have. I have had this phone since January of 2011 and have not got one scratch on the screen so far. I dropped it in water on multiple occasions and the phone still works perfectly. Although, every time it landed it water the phone acted unresponsive until I dried the water off of it and then it worked like a charm. My only complaint about this phone is that it is a Motorola phone and Motorola updates their phones really late in the game or does not at all. So, the phone came with android 2.1 and the phone was very unstable, froze all time, and just made me want to throw it at the wall, but after the phone received android 2.2 it ran a lot better and was not as glitchy. Also, my phone did not come unlocked it came ready for use at T-Mobile only, but I have T-Mobile so, it wasn't that bad. It still freezes from time to time, but not as much as before.

This is the worst phone I have ever had. I got it for free with a new 2 year contract. I would NEVER pay the price that they are asking for, It is not worth it. DO NOT BUY this phone!!!!!!!!!!! It freezes all the time, half the time the touch screen does not work, to get the phone to unfreeze you have to take out the battery, when you touch one part of the screen it will act like you touched something else. Alot of the time it takes forever to load anything, very little memory and just a bad phone all around. worst phone ever!!!!!

After reading tons of reviews on the pros and cons of a bunch of phones, I went with the Defy because of its water/dust proof feature and because it was relatively inexpensive.  So far, it's been great.  I don't do a ton of gaming or anything, so I haven't really loaded it down with apps.  For doing the everyday tweets, instagrams, status updates, email checking, texting, and stuff like that it's been fantastic.

After 10 months of having this phone I am now on my 3rd one(fortunately it is still under warranty). The first one I received did not work at all when I got it home, went back to T-mobile the next day and switched it out. The battery was a major issue with phone #2, the first battery I had would be completely dead by mid-day.... and this is with all apps/internet being turned off unless I specifically turn them on. T-mobile got me a new battery and that one works much better. Then out of the blue phone #2 shuts itself off and wont turn back on. Now I am on phone #3. We will see how this one works.When the phone is working, the internet is very slow and many times I am not able to connect at all... not sure if this is the phone itself or T-mobile's network. Kind of defeats the purpose of having these types of phones though! It will run slow at times, or all of my apps will dissappear from the screen, so I have to shut down and restart often.I am hoping phone #3 lasts for at least a year until the end of my contract, then I am switching and getting an iphone!

(I've had this phone for 2 1/2 months now.)Great phone:  call quality is excellent, Android 2.1 runs very fast and smooth, small(er) size (perfect for my uses), touchscreen *very* responsive, really nice sound chip.Wifi and Bluetooth work very well, day-to-day, and I use them pretty much every single day, much more than I actually make calls.Pairs and interoperates beautifully with my Plantronics 300 Bluetooth stereo headphones -- they are *awesome* with this phone, incredible call quality and music listening.I really, *really* like the "semi-rugged" features of this phone, e.g., not having to be paranoid when it rains, not worrying about scratches on screen (I usually work outdoors).I don't use Motoblur, disabled what I could of it, I prefer to use Launcher Pro home screen (from Android market), because of the features, but this also means that I don't have to  see all the Motorola/T-Mobile stuff that came loaded the phone.  But I might use all the social stuff someday, so I haven't deleted it.Electrophones (the Amazon seller I got this from) shipped promptly. I was, to be honest, a little surprised with the minimal and non-Motorola/non-T-Mobile packaging -- just a shipping box, charger, bubble wrap and manual.  Less for me to toss out, though. ;)This phone was *not* unlocked, but I found out (by chance, actually) before ordering, and ordered anyway -- at that price, I could always get T-Mobile to unlock it if I really needed to.But actually, this has worked out for me.  Since I already used T-Mobile prepaid SIM anyway, if there is no Wifi or Clearwire coverage, I can use T-Mobile daily web rate ($1.50/24hours at time of writing, and I think 300MB).  If the phone was unlocked, I couldn't do that -- I've tried with an unlocked MyTouch 3G.Very happy with purchase.

This phone actually exceeded my expectations: it is remarkably light, despite its thickness and rugged design. The thickness is something I like- having big hands, it's easy for me to hold securely, especially compared with the sleek, teflon coated Nexus 1 I used previously. The screen isn't huge, but I like the fact that it takes up the majority of space on the front of the phone.The reception I get on the Metro PCS network is far superior to my previous phone and the sound quality is very good indeed. Despite being unlocked, Metro had some initial problems getting the mobile data connectivity to work, but since the problem has been resolved, it works fine and the WiFi worked straight away. The battery life has been remarkably good so far.For anyone who wants a fully functional smartphone, but doesn't feel the need for a football field size screen or the very latest Android OS version, this phone is a very good deal at its current price.

it's a very good phone and a fine and cheep choice it fun and easy to use  other spech is that is very durable

this works as well i could have expected for a phone order off of amazon.  i did have to take it down to the t-mobile store and get the server numbers so that it could see the data network.  also, i believe this phone only does 2g??  not that i notice the slower service because i have t-mobile in the mountain west.  but, the fone is tuff and is at least water resistant.  it survived a week of elk hunting in my front pocket.  snow, mud, rain and fire.  and it comes pre-programmed to get the south american news.  sweet.update:  phone started doing the typical random motorola fuzz out bit.  it was replaced with a samsung when we "upgraded" our cell contract.  my son still enjoys playing angry birds on it.

this is my first android phone and I think OS is good, I love that it's water resistantit gets slow if you are running more than 5 or 6 apps and you will have to turn them offonce you learn how to use the android OS you should be fine.the camera is fine in day time but low light night shots are not great.can't beat the price compared to an iphone

Pros:- Easily root and install other ROMs over Motorola Bloatware. (Currently running Android 2.3.5 via Cyanogenmod 7)- Scoring 2300 in Quadrant Benchmark with Cyanogenmod, as opposed to the 1600 you get with the default Blur ROM.- Can safely overclock the phone to 1000mhz (or 1200mhz if you aren't worried about overheating).- Phone speaker is loud and clear, unlike previous models of the phone.- Eerily thin and compact phone, almost weightless. I sometimes have to grab my pockets to see if it's still in there.- Gorilla glass is a brute. Had it on my Nokia E7 and never saw a scratch. Phone screen also doesn't smudge as much as my G1 did.- Cheap plastic casing isn't as cheap as I thought, dropped the phone a few times without seeing any marks at all. Dropped my Aluminum Nokia E7 and saw dents and scratches immediately. Investing in some sort of case might be a good idea, but you can feel safe going "au naturale" as well.Cons:- Screen is centered mere centimeters from the edges of the phone, makes typing and hitting the function buttons a two-handed procedure.- Although I have yet to test the phone's water resistance, I am hesitant because the covers for headphone jack and charging port seem loose-fitting. The battery cover was coated in some gel but I really had to mash down the cover when locking it because it wasn't lying flush. Since there is no warranty on the phone, I won't be testing the water resistance until it has an accident.- No front-facing camera, but there are mods out there that let you video-chat on Skype with the rear camera.Make sure this phone will work with your networks bands.* GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900* UMTS: 900, 1700/2100, 2100This thing is practically a mini Droid phone, with all the functionality of the best Android phones have to offer. If you want a phone that can easily out performs high-end models, but don't care for their ridiculous prices and size- this is the one. Get rid of the bloatware that Motorola installs on there and you have one smooth looking little beast.

The product is accurately described by the seller. Very good resolution screen and good sound. The phone is locked Suitable for all operators. The only thing is that the letter of the message can not be resized. Although the A Toolkit download who recommended me in all forums, do not work. It is a comfortable, lightweight, and easy to use phone. Good priced and quality

I was looking for a durable SMALL smartphone to get my husband to switch from his antique flip-phone.  This was it.  Pocket friendly.  Works well as a phone.  No complaints so far.  Had it 2 months.EDITWent from 5 stars to one because the phone is dead.  No abuse of any kind.  Just died.  4 months.

The phone works well and meets my most basic expectations, expecting a little more in the resolusion the video, but overall satisfactorily

This device is built like a small brick...it also performs like one.Firstly, my device often restarts of its own accord...when I'm lucky. When I'm not lucky, I get to see its processes slowly freeze to a halt, and I have to give it a battery enema to restart it back to its halting glory.It takes, hmmm, FOREVER to do anything with this phone. It either provides practice in the art of patience or a journey toward an early death due to internalized rage at this piece of ****Save yourself a busted vein or two and skip this phone. Please.Not sure if it was good back in the day, but as of 2012 this phone had plunged into the realm of pitiable anachronism...been that way ever since. And you can forget Motoblur ever getting close to functional. If the idea of your home screen updating you on all your little networks excites you, you would be better off printing out your friends' status updates and taping them to your desktop computer's CRT every half hour.

I bought this phone from tmobile itself. When I first got it, I fell in love with it. It is very light and durable, the screen is made of gorilla glass so it is hard to crack. After I had this phone for about a month or 2, it became very slow and started to reset itself on its own. You can't play certain games such as Fruit Ninja because it starts to lag. The only good game that works okay is Angry Birds. Now I've had this phone for about 6 months and sometimes when I get a phone call, the phone will ring but it will not let me see who called or allow me to answer. It only happens once in a while but it is still very annoying. I finally managed to crack the screen and now when I touch the cracked part, it will select something on the other side of the screen. In my opinion, save your money and get a better android.

this is the worst phone I have ever had and I've all kinds since this is the only phone I have bought that won't even start at first. I hard resetted like 10 times and it just freezes at the motorola logo screen. I definitely won't be buying motorola anymore!

Good for what it's worth. If all you want to do is text, call or do minor web searches, then this is a good phone at a great price. Don't expect damsung galxy like web surfing. Takes adequate pictures.

Good seller! Quick,patient.Motorola Defy MB525 Unlocked Cellphone with Android OS 2.2, 5MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS No Warranty - Black (Purchased on 02/15/2012)by Motorola

Ok I must admit I havent owned alot of high tech phones in my time....this is my second Android. My first was the Optimus Me and its still around :-}. im not any good at specs or going into details but what I can tell should b helpful. Xcuse me if I spell wrong or miss out words, im on my Defy ;~)Ok first off I am too impress with this phone not to leave a review. This is my second day with it and I havnt put it down yet. Its fast...real fast I love that! The design is sleek, the screen is big and its very comfortable in my hands! I love that the camera i have taken some extremly nice pics even in the pitch dark!The most important feature on a phone to me is the camera and this is a extremly good camera for $160! Even when its pitch dark I got awesome pics. The flash works! The sound from the phone is great and I havnt found anything to complain about I am really happy with this phone. a friend of mine purchased it for me from amazon and it arrived ontime as well!I can stream movies from the free movie sites and watch online while im mobile, thats a first for me and here in the bahamas the edge sucks! So beleive me...this phone is fast!Compared to my LG Optimus Me the only thing that would of made this phone more awesome is if i can turn my EDGE on and off as desired. This was a neat feature with my Optimus Me just having to pull down the notification bar and tapping to turn on/off the Edge. Also its not a big problem but sometimes I wish the phone had at least two hard keys like. These are minor things though and I still wouldnt trade my Defy MB525 for anything :DUPDATE** DEC 17 2012I forgot to mention that even thought the box and the description of this phone said that it comes with a 2g SD card...it doesn't! I saw that some others mentioned that in their review and just thought I should let you know that too. This was not a big deal to me. I already had a SD card in my Optimus so I just put it in my Defy when i changed the SIM...Someone also said that the APN has to be set that is true also. I thought all APN's on what ever unlocked phone you purchase would have to be set if your not buying it from your service provider...Any Way It took me like two hours to figure out how to set it KML! Which was really dumb of me considering how easy it was! (im not sure if it was in the manual I didnt read it lol) Any way setting up the manual was simple. All you had to do was1.go to settings2.go to wireless  & network settings3. tap mobile networks4. tap 'Access Point Names'5. instead  of being dumb like me and tapping the screen for the longest and holding it down for minutes and minutes and wondering why its not responding............................just press the first soft key at the bottom on the left side of your phone (not sure what its called the one with the 4 little boxes)6. Then tap 'New APN'7. Set a 'Name'8. Set a 'APN'  if you dont know your service provider APN call them and get it from them, SIMPLE!.9. leave everything else as it is press the go back button and you will be prompt to save.****UPDATE** Decemeber 31 2012I recently found out how to turn the edge on and off. What you have to do is:1. Go to settings2. Tap on 'Data Manager'3. Tap on 'Data Delivery'4. Uncheck the box next to 'Data Enabled'That should do it. It works but with my LG Optimus Me it was easier just pullng down the notification bar to Enable and Disable. But any hows.....this will have to do.

When we received this phone from Amazon, my daughter was ecstatic.  Phone was great, BUT she could not send or receive messages with photos.  Went to T-Mobile and spent several hours with their people trying to determine the problem and fix it.  The problem:  the phone would not connect to a data (2G/3G) network.  In the end, the T-Mobile folks declared that the phone was defective.  We returned the phone through Amazon (which worked very smoothly and quickly) and purchased another DEFY through a different vendor on Amazon, and when it arrived, it had the same problem.  After deciding that the likelihood of two separate vendors selling defective phones was unlikely, I did some "research" on my own and discovered that the actual problem was that the APN was not setup in the phone (actually found the settings on T-Mobile's web site).  After inputting those settings, the phone works like a charm!My only complaint about the phone is that Motorola, the vendor, or whoever is selling these phones does not include the information about setting up the APN even if that meant consumers had to contact their service providers for these settings!  It was a very simple "fix" in the end, but we went through lot of unnecessary run-around to discover it.

Since I work on the water phones don't last very long with me. This phone works great. The only minus is the very short battery life. Photo quality is pretty good as well. Wifi works well. The construction feels really good and the phone is really waterproof, It fell in the water the first day I used it..... Installing all the apps goes easy, but I guess it works the same on all Androids. This is my first smartphone so I can't compare that. Delivery was very fast, in fact the phone arrived 3 weeks early!  So great and fast shipment. I wonder why this phone isn't more known by the public. Motorola certainly should promote it much better, especially on islands, countries with extreme conditions etc.

once you install ics 4 it's an all new game. although it is a middle range smartphone, it preforms like its big brothers. if you can live with a smaller screen, which i do and even prefer and find more comfortable while cycling and running, then it is a great gadget. other than that, you can be relaxed about dropping it or getting wet, since it has a well protected design and water proof feature(i would still wouldn't recommand going swimming with it, and the producer specifies that). i find it perfect to enjoy all of android capabilities while paying less (169) and being able to do sport without worries.

Sure, at first it was all rainbows and butterflies, but like every other Motorola Defy, the earphone stops working randomly at some point. Also, the 3G does not work with Argentina because of the European signal it is built with that apparently the phone originated from, which means even more money to fix it.Honestly I should mail this product back and given either a refund or a brand new phone because this is unacceptable. Motorola has disappointed me greatly.

Be careful if replacing the SD card. Pop out the plastic insert at the card top and slide the SD card out. It's not shown or described  in the manual.It came speaking only French, but when I installed the the T-mobile sim card, it spoke English.Call the distributor for an email of the Catalog PDF in English.No support in the US from Motorola on this French Market Phone.Too small a screen for un-aided farsighted eyes.But, it's small, rugged, waterproof, screen-scratch resistant, easy to pull out the battery.Good speakerphone. Useable with Bluetooth headsets, not included.Wired earbuds included for hands-free calls or for FM radio. The wires form the FM antenna.Good GPS and wireless.Learning the Android system took me a while, but it's worth it.Just know that the government can probably track everything you do with this.So save your subversive activity for other devices.

This phone is not able to use the full T-mobile network. At best, I was only able to use the "Edge" network and often the phone is unable to find a tower even when I am in an urban T-mobile coverage area. I paid a technician to try to fix the problem and he was unable to do so after two weeks of trying to fix it. He claimed this was the first Android phone that he was unable to fix/optimize in all his years of flashing. He said that the phone is set up for European network and that it always reverts to that setting, in spite of re-programing it.Motoblur is unnecessary, redundant and glitchy and it causes the phone to lag.CONCLUSION: I bought a different phone. This is now an extra MP3 player for me. Would be a great if only it worked properly.

This is an excellent phone but be careful there are two models, one with white (T mobile) that not works in 3G in some countries and one complete black that works everywhere as far as I know. I put it in into a glass of water and no problem after that.

I am a 32 yr old female and I purchased this phone as a replacement for my Iphone3 which was destroyed. I was looking for a reasonable priced "WATERPROOF" android. I destroy phones! Mostly in water from my kids :)  Anyway the phone worked perfectly with ATT but one problem. THE PHONE WOULD NOT CONNECT TO THE INTERNET WITH ATT NETWORKS! I called ATT with no answers as to why.  When I was about to send the phone back I happend to google the problem and found a review on this website saying that you need to contact your wireless provider for its APN settings.  When you get the phone, there are no set settings for your network. The APN settings are found under Settings and to add your information you need to go to wireless & networks, mobile networks, access point names, menu key, new apn settings.  Then fill in whats required with the help of your IT person for your wirless provider. It is very simple to fix and the phone works excellent! I love it! It doesn't say it connects to the 3g network but to an H network which is suposed to be the same as 3g because the phone is manufactured for overseas. My IT guy said it was a foreign phone so their internet connection is worded different.  I hope this helps anyone who is having these issues. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

First of all it is WATER RESISTANT NOT WATERPROOF! !! If you are confused do your homework. I had this phone for a year with no problems. Dropped it many times, I am a painting contractor and dirty it up all the time and never scratched the screen or used a screen protector. However, the earpieces stopped working after 1 year, was sent a replacement next day for $5. And the replacement is horrible. I am losing my mind without my phone. It is simply possessed.

I purchased this phone from T-Mobile for my son and it has only been what? 5 months!!! The phone stopped working! What? I paid hundreds for this and threw my money away just like that. My suggestion is that if you really want this phone, go ahead. It is lightweight, easy to use and comes with some awesome features. Do not be fooled by the gimmick regarding it being waterproof...there isn't any such thing. One day my son came home and showed me the phone with what looks like steam on the inside (similiar to being in a car with the windows up and the heat on). I was fearful that it might stop working then, but it gave up after 3 months of that happening. The phone is overrated in my opinion.

this phone is great, its internal storage is great, communication is great, also is resistant against water ACCIDENTS home.I highly recommend that you want to buy a good, cheap cell.

Motorola Defy MB525 Unlocked Cellphone with Android OS 2.2, 5MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS No Warranty - BlackThe defy  is a nice phone, it looks very neat and nice to hold for me a very good display. Shipping i good time. Got the phone two days now and its ok. It will freeze but i think its my fault too much things going on. I live in jamaica and i use digicel works amazing. No dropped calls,texting is great and apps download from the app store nice and easy. However I wish that / could have ice cream sanwish bit its ok never the less.To wrap it up so far so good i am greatfull it works well and everythink is good.

If I could give these negative stars, I would!We purchased the Defy for my son because it was supposed to be "durable" because of the gorilla glass--whatever! I had it in my lap and stood up; it dropped from my lap onto the floor and the glass shattered...not cracked...shattered! I dropped maybe a 3 feet when I stood up. I wish I could upload the picture I sent to Motorola. Motorola being the lovely, customer-oriented company that they are not, told me that since it is still under warranty, I can send it in and pay $130 repair fee. Seriously?! What is the point of it being under warranty so that I have to pay for replacement glass that should not have shattered in the first place.Fortunately, the phone still works and the shattered area is mostly toward the bottom so you can still use it for the most part. I'm now on the hunt for a replacement glass that we can do ourselves; although I was told that if I do that, it will void my warranty. Really?! Void a warranty that is worthless anyway. I will never pay another Motorola.

Good phone, I have no idea whatsoever why it constantly freezes, other than that I can't complain, but the constant freezing is annoying

Loved this phone, very solid and durable. Wish it was a little bigger,  maybe with 4 inch screen. But a good phone, bright screen. Excellent battery life. Almost lasted all day.  Only dislike would be (of course) motoblur.

I am happy with this phone. Everything is simple and easy to use. Waterproof...I talk with my friends and what-apps during shower. Awesome phone. I like the camera pretty much mad the touch screen easy to control. I am a super sporty person, and I don't really care my phone. Drop it on the ground couple of times, nothing happened. Very durable phone. Highly recommend !

Phone works fine on t-mobile plan for talking and texting, but only can use the internet when there is wi-fi access available.I needed to update this review. My son bought this phone because it advertised to be more durable than the average phone.  Not durable enough, right now, the screen is completely shattered.  I guess, like any other phone, it can't be dropped.

Prety much liked it. Stuffed with a lot of functions. It came with the T-mobile logo in the back, I thought it was locked, but it is not. Only problem is that all apps are in english and I am using it in Brazil and when typing a message it sugests words only in english.

I bought this retarded phone when it was $205. I didnt like it. It is like I got a used one after a couple of months. I read only positive reviews in making the decision and I thought it was a nice phone for two months. It then started  declining in function. The gps, android etc is a joke. One thing I learnt is, when you read reviews, start with the negatives and long ones. Some people really add their expertise on their reviews, which I like. Now, almost non-functional. When u try to use the gps, it freezes a lot of times and the battery is gone in 10". This phone deserves only at $100 or under.

Very tough phone, I work in the automotive industry and my phone gets beat up all the time, dropped , dirty etc..The data is a little slow and it locks up from time to time.

Hi, this week I received the phone and when I tried to turn on it didn't anything just still started all the time. I need to change it. How can i do? This phone said in the comment that it was like new and that is a lie cuz in doesn't work. I hope your answer as soon as possible. You don't deserve any start until i have received another phone like new

If your life style it's so hard and you're some duffer with your hands and always you will drop your celphone for error... This is the smartphone you need =D xD Great&iexcl; I love it&iexcl;[...]

Mom wanted a new phone since me and dad has a droid and she had her eyes set on this one and she is in love with it.

It arrived on time. Seller gives 60 day warranty. I ordered T-Mobile activation kit too and received a simcard and placed it inside the phone. Then I called T-mobile to transfer my existing phone number from AT&T prepaid go phone account to my new T mobile account. (You cannot port prepaid phone number to T mobile online, you need to call T mobile customer service to do that for you) I didn't get data plan. I use wireless home internet to get my cell online. I setup motoblur account smoothly. So far all works great. And I am happy for this deal...

Had to return phone before even opening the box. It is NOT Verizon compatible :( I'm bummed as I was looking forward to some of the features this phone had to offer.

I have owned 2 nexus one phones. This phone has similar specs. Lighter CPU but better RAM and storage. The main plus is that the phone is durable. Way more durable than the n1. The body is plastic so it WILL get scratched and pitted when you drop it. The screen is gorilla glass and seems pretty durable so far. The USB and Headphone ports have plastic plugs that are supposed to make the phone water resistant. Definitely get the feeling that they will work as advertised. I am not sure how long the plastic will last as you are constantly plugging and unplugging the ports.Software: I immediately flashed the device and installed cyanogenmod 7. Once I chose the China as by baseband (I live in Los Angeles, CA) My reception problems went away. The software is snappy with the occasional hangup. Screen reorienting is slow but no worse than the n1.3G: This is the big one. I have an unlimited data plan with T-Mobile. I have not been able to get this phone to use 3G service. I have been reading up and trying every available patch. It looks like the T-mobile version of this phone is designed to operate on their 1700 Megahertz band for 3g. The phone that I bought on this page does not operate on the 1700 band. I think that this is the reason that I do not have 3g connectivity. It doesn't look like there is anything that I can do to fix this. I will keep the phone even though it is only working on edge as the n1 is broken. 3g would make this phone great even at 2 years old.NOTE: I am going to contact T-Mobile again tomorrow (1.17.2012). If they can give me 3g connectivity with this phone I will post an update. If you never hear from me again then I have had no luck. Goodnight.

it is one of the best phones , water and Scratches resist, but I think iphone is the best of all

not bad at all for the money. There is better out there of course but for quite a bit more money.

thank so much the cell is excellent product ...i lake is very good i recommend 100% . ..cellphone  is very hevy.. delivery and price excellent

Delevery took time but thats ok.The Phone display however didnt last even 16 days. Without even any type of handling(its just used as a secondary phone so mostly in the drawer), the display (top right near the battery display icon) happend to get a blue ink spread like coloration spanning 1cm diameter.I simply dont understand how it just could go defective in an area and that  too not being used 99.5% of the time. I cant image how this even would qualify as a rugged phone! Sad!

Having already owned the Defy (prior to it being lost/stolen), I knew I liked the functionality, style and size. When I ordered a replacement from Advantage Wireless, I was pleased with their quick turnaround. Also, when I e-mailed and asked about SIM card and SD card (neither are included), their reply was within 24 hours. When I complained that the battery died much more quickly than my previous one, they sent another battery free of charge. This one works fine and I've had no other issues. I would recommend Advantage Wireless as a seller.

This phone is a good entry level android phone. It doesn't come with the bells and whistles of some of the others but it definitely gets the job done.The good...it is water resistant so getting wet in the rain is no problem.The bad...well 4 aspects of the phone annoyed me, however they aren't complete deal breakers.1) You have to create individual folders on the phone to allow unique ringtones, alarms and notifications.2) Setting up custom ringtones for contacts doesn't allow for custom notifications so it rings with the same ring as if the contact was calling.3) The wifi is set to timeout automatically so any messages sent to me over whatsapp or other such apps didn't show up until I checked my phone and the wifi reconnected.4) There is noticeable lag.

Bought it to replace one that was used 4years....so i trust itll be good as was the one i had before

The radio in the Defy is possibly the weakest radio in a mobile phone I've ever had. Returned for refund!

Good quality, worked in Russia in GSM 900/1800. I updated free inside software and Android. Half year this device worked without bugs.

Does not meet all of my expectations, especially with some applications that hangsThe design is cute, is very light, I tested it with water and everything works well in general is a good phone

I recived my new Motorola Defy, it's a good device, it's a new brand, original and unlocked. Costum service is very good!

Although it is slowish but very useful device. I loved it with the Car mount/ dock made specifically for this device. I guess they should sell it as a bundle. Next one is the Defy+ which is better than this one.

Pretty good phone by Motorola. A few glitches here and there but overall its been able to keep up with my work.

this is really a excellent cellphone it is water resistant and you can record underwater, and have a great resistance to falls, it's customizable!! 5 star productSorry for my bad english

This unit appears to be set as a European version and we can't get it to default to English (United States).

I got this to finally jump on the android train and am very impressed. I havent seen the durability side of it in action but am sure will in the near future. It is very small which is a plus for me and takes great photos. This one is the european version and will not work for tmobile data services in the usa unless you call tmobile  read on a couple forums its not possible to get data with this version in the usa, they were wrong, just call tmobile. Highly recommended.

This phone is intended for the Middle East, where I have learned android phones do not come with the Android marketplace. Everything else with this phone works great. The phone is a very good phone, but unfortunately without the marketplace you can not download any programs from the Android marketplace. The only apparent solution is to root the phone, which can be risky.

Comfortable in the hand, and looks good. Being an older user I found it very confusing, and packed with a lot of features that I will not use. I found the touch screen very sensitive and hard to master. It was frustrating to not be able to delete the features that I dont want. Its amazing technology, and no doubt the younger customers would manage it with ease, and be thrilled with it.I however wont use about 90% of its features, but appreciate the quality.

This review is for the original Motorola Defy MB525. It's a quick smartphone. Good mid-grade phone. Plus it has the water resistant feature that is very hard to find among smartphones. Works well with AT&T 3G network. Also works on T-Mobile's voice network.

Very happy about my choice, defiantly not the newest phone nowadays but simple, small and tuff.Two disadvantages:1. Doesn't have languages installed and right to left languages are not supported.2. It does not support my countries 3g network! works only on 2g. Internet is v-e-r-y slow due to it. Doesn't metter which rom you flash on it.

The cell phone is good, but the 3G didn't work i tried different things and i couldn't repair the phone
