
I Love this phone! Seller was prompt in sending the product. Packaging was great!  Battery was defective, but seller replaced it immediately and sent me a few accessories for the inconvenience. I am very pleased with this purchase and will trade with this company again!  Amazon was very helpful, and prompt to insure that I was happy with the product and the seller. I recommend the seller , and I just love this phone....my mom also bought a nice cover for my new phone from Amazon. I'm Happy!

I bought this phone for my 16 year old son and he loves it. He is always showing me the capabilities of his device and can't keep his hands off the phone. I'm glad I made the decision to purchase it. I would also buy from this merchant again. Amazon is Excellent!!!

Ive had all kinds of cellphones in my day. Finally find one that can meet and exceed my expectations. Great battery life with great reception. Came with 2.2 and unlocked like it was posted. Some scuffs but that was expected. Nothing too major. Great phone for a great price.

I was given a used g2 about a year ago, after it had been in use over a year, so it was about 2.5 years old, and it got a LOT of (rough) use. Eventually it started to not hold a charge, but after my research, I couldn't find another phone with the keyboard, android, and all the capabilities of this phone for less than 300, without a contract. for the 150 I paid for this, it is well worth it. I have exactly what I need in a phone, and for half the price of the newer phones that only have a stupid virtual keyboard. I love this phone, tempted to buy another as a back up for two years from now! lol

I bought this phone to switch over from a blackberry. I had used android phones before and liked the operating system, but was never happy with an on screen keyboard and felt the other physical keyboards were lacking. I researched the G2 quite a while before ordering this one, and I can say I am not disappointed.The AMOLED screen is fantastic and provides much depth and clarity. The processor (even though it is 800mHz) is snappy and you will rarely find a time that is lags. The phone does come preloaded with the standard HTC and T-mobile apps that you will probably not ever use; but come on, that is what rooting a phone is for, right. The call quality is great, all though I wish the speakerphone would be a little louder, but it is not bad. The physical keyboard is one of the best keyboards on a phone yet.I would recommend this phone to someone who is looking for a powerful phone that will compete with the newer phones on the market or someone looking for a phone with a great physical keyboard.As for the other reviewers problems, I have had no issue with the headphone jack or the notification light. The notification light in the speaker grill of the phone lets me know when there is a message as well as the trackpad lights up. I am also able to send messages to multiple people at once.

Not new and out of warranty.  I turned it on and it was in spanish and had someone elses profile in it.  I am returning the phone.

I like this phone and have had it for over 1.5 years now. It is worth the money. It has froze up here and there but for the most part is a reliable. I don't plan on upgrading to a Galaxy or anything anytime soon. This is more than just good enough for me.

Sorry for the error in rating.  I apologize for any inconvenience caused. Did not double check before commenting. Best regards

I had to buy this phone 3 times before I was satisfied that it functioned properly. I was patient with it because I knew based on the specs, the solid feel and the hardware, that it was potentially a good phone. Apparently the seller buys them new in bulk from the manufacturer, doesn't test them and just sends them to Amazon to sell. The first 2 came with issues and had to be returned..the return process was ok, inconvenient but ok, Amazon was great about it as well as the seller. On my 3rd try, everything worked well. It's fast and user-friendly with great features, if you're familiar with androids. When I 1st got it, it came with no manual and since I had other smartphones that weren't androids, I had to teach myself everything...not brain surgery but inconveniently time consuming..which paid off and I'm now happy with it. You can't beat this price for a decent new smartphone..it may be over 2 years old but it will do what you need it to. Also, as long as you don't expect a manual with it ..and you know that you really need to test all the functions &parts well before relaxing with it, you'll be just fine. :-)

In the product description, it specifically states &#34;US Warranty.&#34; This is not true. The product came delivered in a box, and included no paperwork whatsoever. There was no manual, no instructions, and no warranty paperwork. In fact, all stickers on the box and phone were in French. When the phone stopped working completely at 45 days after receiving it, I was told - no, this phone is not sold with a warranty and there is nothing we can do for you.I had this same model phone for more than 2 years and LOVED my G2. I purchased this one because my carrier was no longer selling the G2 and I lost mine. I know the G2 is a great phone and worked flawlessly for the 2 years I had it. Clearly the phone I received has a manufacturing defect, but the company selling this phone will not honor the &#34;US Warranty&#34; description. I will not be purchasing from Blutekusa ever again.

I was looking for a good phone for my girlfriends birthday on March 1 2013 and I ran into a htc g 2 android phone on amazon undr this sellers name before i purchase it i look at the descriptions of the phone details n features .It was perfect so i check the reviews n trusted everyone opinion.i order it 2 dats beofre her birthday n got here on her bday i surprise her n she was thrill to see a phone n perfect condition works perfectly fine!!!! no issues at all

Nothing out of the ordinary good phone. You get what you pay for, Internet is very fast on it google chrome operates awesome.

Okay, I'll go over a couple of things I did like first, so as to not be a total negative. The back of this phone (where the battery and sim goes) is very easy to open thanks to a little slide button that pops it off, and the sim and battery are both very easy to install and remove. Umm... okay, I think that's it on the positives. On the negative side, if you are buying this just for the QWERTY keypad, don't expect to hit a shift or up arrow to then be able to use the characters on the tops of the keys. Instead there is a button that puts you onto a separate character screen that you have to use. Sort of defeats the purpose. Also, not many ring tones come with it, and if you want to download more, or check your account balance, this phone seems to make that really difficult. All of the other phones I've had (including the SII I'm using now instead of this one) do that just fine - so it's not the type of account. Also, I found that locking the phone would sometimes lock it, and sometimes shut it down completely, and I couldn't tell when I was doing which. I had a hard time with just about everything. So when the display started flashing black on one side and wouldn't stop until I shut it off, I just gave up and returned the darn thing. I think I can see why HTC is going out of business. &#60;&#60;sigh&#62;&#62; Bye-bye QWERTY keyboards...

Love it. As described

This phone is awesome, heavy & has a few bugs. I like the heaviness because I tend to forget that phones are in my lap. So now I don't forget & flip it onto the floor. Smtms if the phone is doing too much it will freeze, sm apps cause it to bog down & freeze. Taking out the sim for an entire 15min works to fix that.

This is the best phone that I have ever had. As soon as I saw it I fell in love every thing I want in a phone. The android apps store is incredible, can't believe it took to me so long to switch. The 800 mhz processor is fast really. Setting up is not that difficult and you'll enjoy evry step its fun. Only thing the battery use is like a day and ah half cuz of all the apps running. Does help to quite some apps to save battery power. My phone didn't come with a micro sd card so I'll have to purchase an 8md for currently using a 2md I had on my nokia. Overall gr8 phone.

Broke after 2 days

While I'm still learning all the benefits of this phone (I'm very new to any and all &#34;smarts&#34; of the 21st century), my husband is overjoyed with its features and performance.  I am meanwhile enjoying its phone (clarity of voice is great), texting (qwerty keyboard is well designed, tactile-perfect so virtually error free) is great and keeps track of text &#34;conversations&#34; so I can delete threads easily.  Access to e-mails is handy, but I'd rather use my computer.  Camera is great.  Size is great for my older, weary hands.As far as the great google android functions, my husband couldn't be happier.  It is consistent with technical life at home which is so useful.  It gives us hands-free (blue tooth) in the car, GPS, lots of free apps, and integration with the world that we never had before.  While he basically navigates through all of that, I can vouch that it is worth rating the value of this phone on the basis of how this scrupulous, detail-oriented man evaluates products.  This is a winner.

This phone is great and seems to out preform the iPhone 4s! I think the iOS system is slower than android.

I personally enjoyed this phone, it shipped within a timely manner and this phone was prestine, the only reason I didn't give it five stars is the memory size... I now know that if you want a smartphone with a lot of memory you need to dish out the bills to het a galaxy or iphone as they come in 16gb ect..  but for a full qwerty keyboard smartp ghost one this is a good product. You will notice it has awesome google connections though it comes with a lot of googke apps I didn't use and you can't delete... only other backdraw to the phone, overall I would recomend this phone for any teenagers or people looking fir a low memory smartphone!

I bought this phone as a replacement.This seller claimed that this was a new phone. It was not. Obviously refurbished.  The battery was weird and the settings within the phone were weird.Which would have been fine, because they did a good job of it and the phone works great, just wish they would have been up front and honest.

The phone only shows a few signs of wear and because I got the unlocked one, I have had problems with my old SD card and will probably have to get a new one. However, that was to be expected. Excellent customer service with prompt answers to my questions/concerns!

I bought this phone because of keyboard and it is supposed to work with AT&T; network. It is a piece of .....There is no 3G, web access is so slow I have given up trying. It sometimes takes 5 - 7 attempts to place a call. Sound quality is terrible.I definitely wouldn't purchase again or recommend purchase.

This phone worked fine for 2 months...then one day, for no apparent reason, couldn't &#34;see&#34; the SIM card. took it to a repair guy, who said that the SIM card slot is poorly designed and there is no fixing the problem. End of story.

I absolutely love my htc g2! The phone looks like I brought I fresh out of the T-mobile store. Driven wireless is definitely a company to be trusted. It only took four days to get here and it was really cheap

This is a very good cost effective alternative to the new phones with QWERTY key boards that T-Mobile is selling. Works very good for messages and calling people and works with most Google products(gmail, google+, calendar, search).The down side is that since it is over 3+ years out of date it only uses Android 2.3 Gingerbread and a lot of the application downloads only support the newer versions of Android. So if you don't need a lot of the new applications this phone will work great.The touch screen works real well and will help the transition away from QWERTY. Battery is OK. If you turn off GPS, WiFi, and BlueTooth (and turn on only whe needed) battery will last a few days.

Phone was broken when it was received. Charging port broken, will not charge, also button on side broke first time I tried to use it.

i totally love my phone yes it didn't come memory card but its ok i had my own. many preinstalled apps my favorite is the shopping app. it didn't have a recorder sadly or smart dial but its still great, its really great!

This phone was what i was looking for. The seller described it as it was, when it got here thats what it was. Great phone so far. Absolutely nothing wrong with it. Functionally speaking.

Sucked,attenna is broken inside of it t mobile told me. so it receives 0 signal only if driving next to a tower will I only get my text messages... Well I should say the phone is actually great, I should say the company I got it from shady. I really just ended up buying a new one directly from T-mobile, if you are reading this and considering a new phone from amazon, ebay, wherever be careful which user you choose to purchase from, study up on them cause you might end up getting busted ass phone.

Phone looked good. Put my t-mobile sim card in went to set up my gmail accounts. Surprise the previous owner had not cleared their data. Including the email about having dropped the phone. Guess that might be why the keyboard had very occasionally minor issues. As I was only planning on using it for a couple of months I didn't care and after doing the reset of the user data moved on with my life.Fast forward a few months. I take a trip to Canada. To avoid the high roaming fees I get a Canadian sim card. Opps NOT unlocked. Notice the word unlocked is used in the title twice. Not once, but twice. So because of that I actually felt the need to post the review. Love the model of phone. This one was just not as advertised.

After 2 months the phones got problems and they don't help me with finding a solution for it.I will NEVER EVER buy from OEM Battery Depot again.a phone, if handled with care, don't work proper after 2 months something is wrong!!!So can buy a new phone again!SAD

Not good

This phone is quite the let down. I purchased this based on the great reviews that it gets. I was initially very impressed with the phone, the layout and sleek design make it very appealing. However, HTC has failed to incorporate some very basic features that much less expensive phones have. First off, there is almost no light notification available on this phone. So if you keep your phone on silent then there's no way to know you've received a message. Also, you can't create a group for text messaging so if you want to send a text message to multiple people you have to send it to them individually. This is really not asking for much, I can't believe they failed to incorporate these basic features.

Lets first discuss the pro's:- Works with Straight Talk - Tmobile Sim Card Service- Which on that network gives 3.5 G service of up to 8 Mbps speed- Phone can be easily rooted, but it starts off as Gingerbread 2.3.4- Phone can have the Andromadus Rom which includes Cyanogen Mod and the latest Jelly Bean (Works Perfectly)- Phone can have installed the clockworkmod (Touch version or non touch version).- Phone runs at around 1 Ghz but can be over clocked at 1.8 Ghz, but I wouldn't clock it that high. *Has only 1 processor, extremely fast*- Phone accepts 32 Gb SD Card (Class 10) and can have the SD Booster Application installed that will use caching capabilities.- $150 is a good overall price for this type of phoneNow the cons/negatives:- Phones backing is easily scratchable, especially if you put your phone in with your key pocket.- Phone will sometimes shut off by itself without touching anything (Even its Rom or unrom)- Phone sometimes freezes up through out the use.- The keyboard opens, but it opens upward then downward by small plastic hinges- The lighting on the keyboard sometimes turns on and sometimes doesn't.- Phone has only an internal of around 1.5 to 2 Gb. Most of the internal GB of the remaining 2 Gb is taking up in partitioning and even having a Rom won't solve that.- Was unsuccessful to get link2SD partitioning to work on the external SD Card (It stated your phone doesn't support this or your phone is not rooted, even if it is rooted).- Sim Card sometimes acts oddly with newly rom'd phones.Overall, the phone was exactly what I was looking for and works to my standards. In my overall opinion, the phone is worth every penny. This old phone still out beats manyof the $400 - $600 dollars phones that are on the market. Grab these phones as quickly as you can before they are all gone.

The product description should state that they remove the microSD card from the box before sending you the phone.Otherwise, I'm fairly happy with the phone.

Great phone. kind of older than I expected but it does anything you would need it to. I would recommend this

The phone I received NOT UNLOCKED as promised in the headline.Verified this at AT&T; store when I tried to activate it."Ross Cellular and Fulfilled by Amazon" does not seem trustworthy.

Deserves NO STARS!  I did a lot of research prior to choosing the phone to buy.  I got the HTC G2, which is rated as a very good phone.  The phone I received has numerous problems.  The phone has a faulty screen, and is an absolute piece of crap.  I am so disappointed.  I did not return it right away because I had never had a smart phone before, and was not aware that this phone is completely useless. The software is all messed up, and the screen is either too sensitive, non-reactive, or completely schizophrenic.  Often I practically have to punch the screen to get it to react.  Often when I turn it on the mic option pops up and won't let me use the phone until I take the battery out and put it in again.  The guy at T-Mobile was really disgusted, and couldn't believe that anyone would actually sell a phone in this terrible condition.  I am so disappointed, and actually hurt over how horrible this phone is.  So sad. Huge waste of money and emotions!

I wanted a new smartphone and this is a good choice. The keyboard is really nice as I hate touch screen keyboards. It's very user friendly and really nice.The downsides are that it doesn't have a rear-facing camera (no selfies, ever) and the camera it does have is very low quality. Also, if you pay for a 4G plan, don't expect to get that with this phone. I don't even get 3G. There is some kind of bandwidth something that it doesn't carry that only allows it to get Edge (2G), which sucks for Internet, Facebook, Pinterest, Google Play, and anything that uses your data. So just be prepared for that.

I've had my G2 for three years now and sadly... the charger port just broke and so my battery can't be charged by conventional methods. I'm going to try an external battery charger and see if that works, but unfortunately, I'm going to have to let my G2 go very soon. It is sad, and I will miss my beloved phone that has both a keyboard and a touch screen -- the best of both worlds. The saddest part is that my G2 will never get Ice Cream Sandwich so time has left my beautiful phone behind. The G2 is a great phone for folks that are brand new to the Android experience, or for those who just want a friggin keyboard attached to their phone. I truly cherished the time that me and my G2 had together.She will always be in my heart and my memories as the very first smart phone I truly ever loved. May she rest in peace once I buy a new phone.

I want my money back!!!! You sold me a product that does not work, I injured you deceived me, they said that the phone worked but not working, no one listens to me when I call. and I know well that I have a phone for over 2 years and works very well, so I decided to buy another of the same, but that you sold me and a hell of a shit. spent so much for nothing, still using my old phone, I want my money back

I researched my phone choice carefully after having had extensive experience with blackberry (Rim), symbian and and later android OS based phones.  No phone or OS does everything, but right now, a well-made android based phone like the HTC G2,aka Desire Z, etc that includes a responsive touch screen AND a keyboard, with all of the apps and tweaks available via android market is about the best of the best. On THIS phone, I can voice call,swype,  text singular or in groups, email, shoot and send video, play online poker, watch NETFLIX, download videos, use the gps in the car, do twitter AND facebook (not my thing), google+ and linkedin (which is my thing), as well as use office, read my nookbooks, use a full featured calendar and address book in sync with my computer AND use the phone as a hotspot.  This is one of the few devices, you get out of it what you put into it, and to make it all the sweeter for me (I got it refurbed for less than 225.00), I put 3 hours of my favorite music and one movie on to make any downtime I may have VERY convenient.  My only gripe is I only get one and half days of battery life, of course it could be I am using it abit more than my LAPTOP. I will buy the dual-core (dual-sim?) 1ghz model w/keyboard as SOON as HTC builds it!!!

Easy to use-looks great-feels like a quality product and not a flimsy plastic product that will crack the first time you drop it-and u know eventually you will drop it.  Its a sturdy phone-great to have option of keyboard. After the horrible samsung I had prior-this phone is a blessing-great for the money

It started &#34;acting up&#34; - lights went off while I was texting and it wouldn't sync with my car's bluetooth.  Disappointed in the phone.  (Vendor DID promptly return my money)

I've had this phone for about 8 months and have never regretted purchasing it.  Call quality and volume are very good, as is the phone's ability to acquire and hold a signal in fringe areas.The feature of this phone that I most appreciate is the well designed physical keyboard.All things considered, this is the best phone I've ever owned.

I purchased this phone from Ross Cellular.  Shipping was fast, just a few days if a remember correctly.The phone came with a non-HTC charging cable, but it still charges just fine.  Also, the home, menu, back, and search buttons on the phone shine abnormally bright when compared to my other HTC G2.I bought this phone for my sister because I have the same one.  It works great on T-mobile.  I like it better than most other Android phones because this phone is very close to vanilla Android which means less junk running on it and slowing it down.  Also, the wireless calling app through T-mobile is a must have when in an area with bad reception or outside of the country.  The physical keyboard is also much faster than a touchscreen.I would have given 5 stars, but the $125 price was a little high considering how old the phone is.

the slider screen is not too stable. Unfortunately i dropped this phone 9 days after i bought it and cracked the screen....got very glitchy after that and was unable to use. Seller was great, shipping was quick, as for the phone...i would (and did) shop for another.

Product is NOT a G2, it is a remake of the phone, for starters the battery doesn't fit in as in a normal G2. (which i had owned prior)This phone will not allow system upgrades and the graphics and all around features are of poorer quality than the real thing. It will get you by if you had never owned a G2 prior to this purchase. Id take your money elsewhere

I thought this would last longer than it originally did. I purchased it back on 11/19/2010 from the T-Mobile store and it died in late July 2013. I was expecting it to last at least 3 full years. Also I ordered 2 replacements for this phone and both of them had defects in it which fortunately Amazon refunded my full money for. But it was a lot of hassle and time to return both phones back to Amazon. I am quite busy working 47 hours per week and I had to find time out of my day to return these. I don't recommend the T-Mobile G2. It was good at its peak in 2011 and worked real well back then, but now one of the new software updates probably corrupted the system and it doesn't work well. I recommend you get the T-Mobile mytouch instead which also has a qwert keyboard, but a stronger battery life. The G2 doesn't do a great job in 2013 like it did in 2010 & 2011.

Many other options out there but my wife is very loyal to this phone and so I had to hunt down another one for her.

This phone is over sensitive when placing near ear, looses the keypad.  Also slow user learning curve due to some complexity.

This Phone I S***ty it even won't come on anymore I wants money back for this phone it was a waste of money

I have always had iPhone or Nokia phones, this is my first Android phone and honestly it is amazing.While ordering I was worried about the touch screen response and slowness of the cell phone, but this phone has surprised me in both those factors.The built of the phone is not at all bulky in-spite of a physical keyboard.The design of the phone is solid and the buttons don't feel flimsy at all.I am on a T-mobile 4G data plan and I am using this phone to tether data (as a Wi-Fi hotspot) to myiPad and it works perfectly - without 14.99$ extra charge from T-mobile specifically for tethering :)With 5MP camera, HD recording, 4G capabilities, and Gingerbread platform, I would rate this phone 9/10 !

I bought this phone only because it was unlocked and i wanted to use it on at&t.;Knowing it was originally manufactured for t-mobile.  But it drops signal and wont get any internet signal at all.... from riverside ca, area all the way to hollywood ca, The seller was no help when i simply asked for a exchange for any other phone on at&t.;After i did the research i found out any unlocked g2 from t mobile to att will only support cellular calls in some areas and no data.Besides the point no exchange and no refunds now i waisted my money on amazon from a bad seller and is leaning me to not do purchases online any more.

Make sure you can service in your area before purchasing this phone. Outdated and poor reception in certain areas without cell towers.

I bought 2 both randomly heat up so hot that you cant hold it without burning your hand. It then shuts off.. after a time if you take the battery out and put it back in it will work. but within 2 hours its doing it again. Both phones do it. I tried calling customer service..no one answers.. ever

item stated it was new, and it was not.. it did not come in the original box. when used, the phone kept freezing up.

This phone is not unlocked. When i tried to access the internet it send me to T mobile page to login.

I ordered a brand new unlocked G2. At first glance, I was extremely happy and excited. It was unlocked and worked fine. I didn't like the soft keyboard too much though. Anyway, the phone would not charge at all. You know how if you position a charger the right way it will start to charge your phone? Well it would say it was charging but it would decrease in battery life. Also, the period button on the soft keyboard did not work. I bought my phone from WIRELESS WORKS, so my advice to you is to NOT get from them. But they did offer a full refund, I'm expecting them to be good for there word. Bad phone, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

I orderred a phone here and paid for a new phone and I believe I received a refurbished phone.  Regardless I had a G2 and it worked great for over two years which is why I wanted another one.  But the one I received here does not work correctly and never did

This has not been a very user friendly phone. The back light is finicky. It constantly fades in and out at critical times. The keyboard layout is not intuitive. For example, the number function key should be switched with the cap lock key. My brain is used to the qwerty keyboard config.The same is true for the screen functions and control buttons. The space is so small and narrow my fingers keep hitting the wrong spot for settings and back keys, for example. The video cam has absolutely minimal control options: ie, no zoom, day/night, sports, etc. To compound matters, there were several items missing from the box but there was no disclaimer noted on the promo ad. Of course, the seller was more than willing to "sell" me the missing options. No good will/good faith effort on their part at all.I could go on, but you get the picture. This entire experience has left a bad taste in my mouth re the product and definitely would not buy again from this seller.

Well I was very very excited to get this phone because (1) it was so well reviewed and (2) I wouldn't have to renew my contract with my cell phone provider. But when I got it, it wouldn't charge. I tried everything - with the my SIM & SD cards, and without. Sometimes there's a little plastic pull out in new phones, but no charger. Wouldn't even turn on. So I am disappointed.

The batteries do not last long even with all apps turned off and screen backlight to 5 sec. Some apps unable to disable or uninstall like Facebook and Twitter which are hogging space. Worst phone I have ever owned. Also bulky and heavy.

The &#34;www./.com&#34; button has no use, instant button on the left side doesn't work and  a screw is loose on the inner screen panel. Other than that its a phone I ordered.

I bought this to replace one that is almost four years old.  So far all is well with the phone, but the wall charger included did not work at all.  Thank goodness I had another to use.

i bought this phone because it specifically said it was unlocked. the phone, nevertheless, arrived locked, which caused me much trouble. the seller was extremly rude to me, calling me names like "insane" and "crazy", which, of course, made me even more upset!the phone itself, though, is great!

Got the phone, and it's in perfect condition. Love love love it. Would recommend this company to anyone looking for discounted phones.

I can't believe that after almost two years of being out this still remains to be the best phone released for android with a keyboard. This by far the best phone I have owned. I recommend rooting the phone and putting a custom ROM for the best experience.Phones I have owned as comparison:HTC AMAZE 4GHTC SensationSamsung InfuseHTC Evo 4

I got this phone because I read that it has a good keyboard.  And it does.  It would be better if it had a fifth row of keys, but I don't think that's easy to find.  This is of course an older phone, but the specs seem to mostly match newer phones (512 megs ram, CPU can be overclocked to 1497 MHz if you root it).  It is a bit thicker than newer phones, but probably this is the price you pay for a slide out keyboard.

I've owned this phone for more than 3 months, I bought it for $310.I didn't have problems with it, other than that it force closes on many apps and sometimes when I restart it.Also the led flash is a bit glitchy and doesn't always work, but that's probably not like that for everyone.When I received the phone it came with everything mentioned except for the sd card, I had to buy one separately.It has a nice display and texting and calling is easy on this phone.The camera takes good clear pictures.I play music using this phone , it works fine, and I don't like that there isn't a radio on this phone.Overall it's a great phone and I would recommend the G2 to anyone.

I agree with ladylala review because i have similar issues If you are a sofisticated user of android apps and smart phones then maybe its for you After reading some of the techinical rebutals to bad reviews and the reason for one star is the instructional manual for this phone is over 350 pages on line with not much phone support from htc you wound think that they could include it with the phone thats just poor design and my carrier is also clueless about the phone This phone has cost me money in bussiness because it is so spastic and i am unable to respond immediatly happy the day whens its gone I dont have the time to learn all the new apps g2 keeps shoving on you or the imensene amouut of time to learn it so much of this phone is absolutly worthless to me I am so glad I only paid a 100$ for it new Beware if your new to android because you will be very disappointed and yes I know how to unsynic it and that does no good its seems to get them just madder

I suddenly died within approximately the 2 months I had it.  I really thought this phone would last for at least 1yr

I was so in love with my g1had it for two years.. worked perfect but looked super out dated.. The g2 is awesome.. super fast web great key board.. looks 100 times better than the g1.. got my moneys worth.. 318.00 bucks brand new.. awesome phone hands down... in short... I Love this phone!!!!

My major issue with this phone was battery life.  You constantly need to keep it on the charger.  A 10min phone call chewed up half the battery.  Texting was a little bit better, but not by much.I loved the layout and the fact that is was android....but the battery issue killed me.  I went back to using my old phone.

I got this for cause I was short on cash and its not bad at all. works great shipping was really fast. only thing I dont like is you cant download alot of apps on it but I still love Its been two months now and still works great.

The phone has fixtures and is a good phone for international travelers and because of the fixtures and  the durability, my colleague requested for it made me buy this for him

the microphone doesn't work. I can't talk on the phone. I am sending it back. I am tired of getting phone that does not work. the screen has a discolor when touching it.

I came to amazon looking for a good android phone with a keyboard and I came across THIS.the G2.When I get a new phone I do a ton of research first. I read and watch reviews I look up the specs read articles and comparisons and this then that.I came across the G2 which was released in 2010. (I ordered this phone in 2012 by the way). I was drawn to it due to it's clean appearance, and it's keyboard. I INSIST ON HAVING A FULL QWERTY KEYBOARD ON MY MOBILE DEVICE.After viewing some comparisons to other phones like the iphone 4 and the sidekick 4g I decided to try it out as i could get one unlocked for around 200$ which is such a value.It arrived in the mail soon and I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED IN THE SLIGHTEST......APPEARANCE.....-FIRST of all the phone is aesthetically LOVELY.- It has a clean metallic look to it. the front has a very attractive metal border with that scratchy-metal texture that looks GREAT and a trackpad with a chrome-y finish- the screen is just the right size about as big as it can be for the the size of the phone.-It's a bit thick because of the QWERTYboard but I am ok with that and it looks good when the keyboard is slid out or put away.-The back of it has a metal battery cover with that scratchy texture to it and it looks GREAT. It is removed by sliding a small switch; not too difficult to remove yet stays in place unlike many other phones......BUILD QUALITY......-The phone has some weight to it and feels sturdy. I have not dropped it yet and that is because I have trained my mind to prevent me from dropping phones over the years. I did get a nice-looking snap on cover for it and a screen protector just in case.-The keyboard is attached to the phone with what HTC calls a "Z-hinge". It consists of three appropriately shaped metal pieces that hold the two halves of the phone together in a way that looks like a Z when viewed from the side.-The hinges are made of metal so good luck breaking them they look and feel SOLID yet they do not cause the phone to snap harshly on itself when the keyboard comes out.-The phone is made of quality materials through and through from the metallic pieces on the front to the textured metal battery cover- just feels great to look at and hold in your hand.-regular size headphone jack and mini usb as well as a micro SD slot next to the battery do their job.....KEYBOARD+BUTTONS.....-I mentioned earlier that I INSIST on having a QWERTYboard on my phone.-Though this phone does NOT HAVE THE BEST KEYBOARD on a phone...- IT IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE WITH A KEYBOARD THAT I HAVE EXPERIENCED.-The keyboard has all of your letters of the alphabet with enter,delete, space, comma, period, as well as an...-"@" and a ".com" keys which are very useful.-each key has alternate forms which are achieved by the shift and alt keys.-the keyboard on this is capable of accomplishing just about any typing task that your computer keyboard can accomplish EXCEPT....-It does NOT HAVE NUMBER KEYS, instead it has alt-forms of the top row of keys so if you want to type numbers you have to hit alt first then use the top row of keys. It's a bit of a let down but acceptable as a sacrifice in order to keep the keyboard and its buttons just the right size and I dont type numbers that often anyhow.-There are also three shortcut keys which can be configured to open whatever app or menu that you choose as well as...-a search key which can be pressed at the same time as any other key to run even more configurable shortcuts (like the sidekick).-if you are to embrace this system of keyboard shortcut commands you can get around your phone incredibly fast. Much faster than you would be able to by tapping through menus on your touch screen which this phone also has.-It has a sleep button at the top right. It works.-It has a volume rocker on the left. Also works.-camera button on the lower right side. It is made of the same metal as the battery cover and the border on the front of the phone. It also works but I feel like i have to hold it down for too long for it to activate. Very minor gripe.-trackpad can be pressed down to make selections and you can slide your finger on it to navigate through menus. I use it mostly when correcting typing errors.-if you chose to; by using a combination of the keyboard shortcuts and the track pad; this phone can be operated just as effectively and even faster than if you used the touch screen alone . But it is ideal to take advantage of all of its inputs if you want to maximize your effectiveness and efficiency in navigating through your phone..... Touchscreen .....-3.7 inches. The touch screen is certainly large enough for me and probably as big as it can be on a phone of this size.-It is responsive yet not overly sensitive if you have oily hands like I do. I have tried other touchscreens that were too sensitive and the oil from my fingers would cause issues when using the touchscreen. This phone does not have that issue. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PHONE'S TOUCHSCREEN.-It has multi-touch and pinch-to -zoom and they are VERY RESPONSIVE.-It has Swype pre-installed which is in my opinion the best way to type on a touchscreen and it is very smart. seems  to always know what i meant to type and the rare typing errors are usually my fault for not yet having mastered the sliding technique.-The touchscreen is implemented full and well. You can totally get everything done without having to slide out your keyboard such as messaging browsing calls and apps just as well as any non-keyboard smartphone.- the keyboard shines when you are trying to write lengthy emails with correct grammar or while writing a paper while on the bus while doing research at the same time on the browser.- you must experience using your phone with keyboard commands + a touchscreen to understand how fast, effective, and efficiently you can get important things done on your phone which is why I INSIST ON HAVING A KEYBOARD ON MY PHONE FOR THE THIRD TIME!!..... CAMERA+MIC+SPEAKER ......-5 megapixels is more than enough for a phone. Images look great; detailed, in focus, bright colors. PLEASED-720p HD video quality is surprisingly good. Videos looks clean, detailed, smooth, sound quality is also good. great for enhancing and sharing memories and uploading to youtube.-The pre-installed camera app is basic. Not many features but if u need a more robust camera app you can just download one from the play store.-Mic gets clean sound. People will understand you over the phone and videos will have sound quality to match the video quality.-Speaker is good for a phone more than loud enough. The alarm wakes me at low volume you will be able to hear your phone ring if its nearby. Music sounds okay on it if you want to show a song to your friend or watch a video without headphones....... SOFTWARE......- THIS PHONE IS FAST. Apps load instantly and run smoothly with no lag. I have had it for over a month now and it has not frozen or crashed EVER even when multitasking.- Browsing is FAST and SMOOTH. Pages load quickly and pinch-to-zoom is super-responsive pages WILL NOT lag- if you are on a page that is messy, heavy, and not optimized for performance you MAY experience minimal lag.-Downloads are FAST-Videos stream instantly and play smoothly-compatible with just about every app such as netflix, youtube, sketchbook, office apps and etc.-THIS phone can run just about any game from the app store including games with 3d graphics with NO LAG. G-bike and Dragon Slayer are two examples of games with heavy 3D visuals that run smooth on this phone.-Emulators run smooth as well.  YOU CAN TURN THIS PHONE INTO A NES SNES GBA OR N64 by installing FREE EMULATORS from the google play store HOW NUTS IS THAT??!-YOU CAN ASSIGN KEYS FROM THE KEYBOARD TO FUNCTION AS INPUT FOR THE EMULATOR!!!-I found the performance on this phone to be SUPERB in every way. You will not be disappointed.- Almost forgot to mention the MP3 player.... YEA ITS GREAT TOO.-Oh and the phone+phone book is also perfect and responsive syncs with your facebooks and twitters and googles.-Lack of a front-facing camera is a slight let down.... BATTERY.....-The battery that this phone ships with satisfies.-it is always advisable to allow the battery to charge fully before turning it on for the first time though many people will not be able to do that.-On a full charge this phone can last more than 4 days sleeping.-with regular usage which includes browsing music messages and phone calls I easily get 2 sometimes 3 days of battery life but I allow my battery to drain fully before i charge it.-Note that to conserve battery I only turn on GPS or wifi when I am about to use them and the screen is set to automatic brightness.......CLOSING.....-Despite this phone coming out in 2010 it STILL competes with phones from this year and in some cases even defeats them.-Runs android 2.3.4 which is a fantastic OS and UI. If u root this phone u can upgrade the OS further but that is probably not necessary.-This device excels everywhere from its build quality, to its features, to its implementation of software.-This phone can help you get important tasks done on the go.-This is a very productive, versatile, efficient, carefully designed device that has ALOT to offer and you will have a hard time replacing it.-If u like gaming on the go THIS PHONE DELIVERS!!!!-Great keyboard-Fast smooth performance-PREEEETTY--You will have a hard time finding a better deal for a badass android smartphone like this one.-very few flaws. No front cam. No Number keys... that's it-BEST PHONE I'VE EVER OWNED!!!

I have had it for over an year now. Bought it unlocked. using it with t-mobile networks. Is loaded with Cyanogen Mod 7 ver 7.1.0. Use about 100+ apps on it. With few clock speed settings, in general wi-fi usage, gps and switching between apps, multi tasking has been very impressive. No speed issues out of a single processor running at over 1.2Ghz all the time. Very stable. No hardware issues, key issues or button issues. Very sturdy product. Highly recommended. 3 members in my family across the world uses it. I have no plans to switch over to dual core phones as its not required. Plays medium intensive games, angry birds and tons of other games with ease. I have never seen a lag. Is my official GPS system, multimedia player, remote browsers, wi-fi hotspot and excellent Netflix and hulu plus viewer. What more can I say?I would highly recommend it to anybody looking for a decent phone without screen sizes over 3.6 inches.

I like the size, weight and feel of the phone. Love the keyboard. Battery life is horrendous! I hardly use the phone other than a few calls and texts a day and need to charge it almost twice a day. I set my morning wake up alarm with 50% battery life and thank goodness I woke up. The phone was dead! I may just return it. I really like the phone itself, but I refuse to be a slave to the charger.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned.  From the beginning, the battery wouldn't charge all the way.  4 hours into my day without using it and after I have used the task killer, I have to plug it in as it is almost dead.  Occasionally, the phone will just turn off without cause.  And that will be while I still have a half charged battery.Bad, bad, bad phone!!

Very nice hardware. I do not have previous experience with Android OS and I am a former user of iOS so I find it somehow convoluted and inconsistent. Sometimes I don't know what is going on. I believe it is partly because of the Android version which is old now.The camera is mediocre. The flash is OK.Keyboard is essential in this phone, as the on-screen keyboard is poor.Very good to be able to move apps to the SD card, which is not always possible.It was delivered in time. Overall a good purchase.
