
I had planned to buy this from Amazon, but was forced to pay 20% more when my old phone had problems  on an overseas trip.Like many other reviews, I am not desperate for a smartphone and I have had great success with Nokia over the years.This phone is actually close enough for my needs few smartphone needs and I love the Wi-Fi.I needed a phone to work in Japan and Korea and this one is promised to do that- based on my checking with coworkers who are there and tried it.Battery life has been averaging 3 to 3.5 days with Wi-Fi on 25% of the time.The Ovi options for maps and to download free items is quite good for me.I also was so happy when it took me 3-5 minutes to download the contacts from my old phone to the C3 via Bluetooth.Touchscreen is good, not an iPhone, but good. I like the combination of touchscreen and keyboard. It took me a short time to adapt to the button locations. The keyboard buttons are good for texting or updating contacts.Camera is just ok. Nothing noteworthy.One concern for me personally was the thin profile. I actually misplace this more as it is not as bulky as the old Nokias.I am happy with this phone.

Pros:- Great sound- Great camera- Very nice to use- Very nice style- Good cost / benefits relationCons:- Just one alarm clock (or I did not see the way to configure more than one)- A small bug in the viewer of the calendar. I can use it, but the view is not correct.- It did not come with any game :(

'Bought this phone about a month ago, I think it's fantastic. 'Best advice I have to give is know what you're looking for in a phone. Pictures are decent if you hold the camera extremely steady, video is average, call quality is good, honestly it's average.The selling points it had for me include:-Hefty phone, it's not flimsy especially w/ the Stainless steel backing I love it. The plastic isn't flimsy either.-Wifi capable, not a deal breaker but it's convenient if you're bored in starbucks. No Ovi maps, but a physical map works just as well.One of my keys creak, but I'm sure it's an isolated incident, 'still feels just as strong as the other ones and doesn't bother me at all.I dropped this phone twice in the course of the same minute, and two of the keys were knocked loose (protruded slightly, but no play)I googled dis-assembly for the phone and apparently nokia supplies a free manual for complete tear down of the phone, which I love.If any think breaks on this phone, the screen for example, just get one for 20 bucks, look up the information, and install it yourself, no hassling with people over the phone.

looks are marvellous. Call handling is good. Software program needs serious attention. This is a secondary phone along with my other iphone. And i am genuinly disappointed by their user unfriendliness of using contact list, esp scrolling. Although after using iphone and its touchscreen software, the C3 seems like a painful exercise, the exterior looks and all metallic base brings solace that using this device is in earnest of using superior looking phone without an internet bill.

I got this product for my dad and he liked it very much. The combination of touch screen and keypad makes it much easier to use and navigate.  For using it purely the purpose of a cell phone it is truly a great product.

November 27, 2011This formerly wonderful phone died without notice after 8 months of rather light usage.  Never even used the camera.  It was "all bars up" at night; dead in the morning.  A new battery made no difference.I'm now past the 30 days to return it, so I can't complain or send it back.  Has anyone had a similar experience?  It was nice while it lasted.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________April 2011This is the first cell phone I've had that I have really loved!  (Except when mobile phones first became popular in cars....)I was looking for call clarity; good battery life; and, of course, a bit of style so as not to drive away my teen daughter while using it in public;)I got all three and more: it is extremely easy to navigate, with a nice touch-screen display that is bright and sharp.This is the first phone that I truly use and keep on my person when I rove about.  Never thought it would happen, but I'm really loving the ease of texting, talking, and other little apps on it.A+ for this phone from someone who simply hated her previous cell phones.  Oh--we've done away with the land line, too!

This phone for my, has it all i want...the bottoms are very comfortable, the size of the phone is very nice, the camara has a good support for this type of  phone, the touch screen is good, the sound quality is nice, i has a very good support with the H264 Video Format, and the Memory Size is very good compare with other phones...but, i doesnt have to much support with App...but in the end, for me, this is a very nice phone for me!...

This was a bad purchase. The telephone looked very old, the send and off buttons which are in one bar were supposed to be silver, however they looked bi-color black and silver due to the usage. This was something that was not stated when it advertised.The phone works well in terms of calling, messages and all the electronics things. The battery seems to be old since it last just a day.

I have always been a Nokia fan, but their basic phones sort of disappeared during the smart-phone craze.  This phone was described somewhere as a hybrid, and I have found that this is a very good description.  I really didn't want a smart-phone, but this gives me the best of both worlds.  Battery life is great, it's an attractive phone, and I can go on the internet if I want to.  AT&T; doesn't consider it a smart-phone, so I am trying out an unlimited internet access plan for $10 per month.  If I want, I can drop that plan and get free wi-fi access where available.  The free Ovi mail account is good for folks like me who don't want to "text" but who occasionally like to communicate via email on the go.  I did have some trouble hooking up to the internet initially, but thankfully there are folks out there (on the web) who have left great trails of useful tips--and so I programmed myself onto the AT&T; links.  I highly recommend this phone.May 1 update:  I'm still enjoying this phone, but buyer beware:  I have noticed that this phone "jumps around" without my hitting any keys.  I'm not sure why, but just be very aware that you have actually "locked" your phone, and are back at the main screen when you're done using any application.

I have had this phone for nearly 1 year and have had more problems with it than with any other phone that I have owned. Twice I needed to have it repaired under warranty because the keypad became nonfunctional. Now the touchscreen will not operate at all, so I can do absolutely nothing other than make and receive calls. The warranty has not quite expired, but I'm not going to bother with repairing it since I no longer have any faith in the phone to operate for long before another bug makes it unusable.This phone looks nice, appears to be solidly built, and has some nice features for a non-smartphone, such as WiFi. But it is a shame that it is so unreliable.

Nokia C3-01 Unlocked Touch and Type GSM Phone--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)This is the worst phone that i am using in my life,every time i am facing some problem with touch already replaced the touch screen with in 4 months.Guys dont buy this prodcut.

Have bought few of this phones recently. First of all was pleased by ergonomic, second surprise was touch screen... I've been an user of 5800 for quiet long time and I hated its touch screen, Nokia was always bad with touches. When I switched to iPhone I have realized how much I was suffering from it. But this phone is another story, it actually responds with 99% precision to your touch. Nice screen with good font size. Camera is OK though I prefer cameras on SE. But the most amazing thing about this phone is a price! For 139$ this is a steal! You get nice looking phone with 3,5G Wi-Fi and 5mpx Camera with touch screen on top of it.Must have!

MIne came broken. It freeze all the time, sent for repair in a local store, it can not  be fixed.

After owning numerous PDA's and Smart Phones, It was a pleasure to actually own this phone because it is practical, powerfull, and ultra light and slim. Granted it is not a huge screen but who can really be discreet with those other phones. Best things in life come in small packages and the Nokia C3-01 is definitely the one. It has the "It Factor". Ultra fast in application and performance and with Ovi Store there are plenty of apps to choose from. Oveall a stylish and user friendly phone with all the bells and whistles of bulky phones. The price is amazing too. Great value!

This phone is very durable and nice, not very big easy to carry anywhere, has all the features that make it a very useful phone.

i bought this for my wife and she like and i have one too. it is a great phone tiny and kind a easy to use. i always play my music everyday at work. and the alarm clock were very very simple and easy to set. way  to go nokia you are doing a very great cellphone, next time added more speaker to make stereo sound.

muy buen producto llego en buen estado a tiempo pero el unico problema es que el paralente cuando me hacen una llamada me escuchan bajo y alto esta defectuoso la bocina si quisiera que me reembolsen un 10% de la compra ya que el arreglo me costo 20 dolares pero el resto muy bien gracias.

great phone for quick touching and usage but not for everyone nor for playing games. or pinch zoom on the web also limited apps, phone did tend to bug down a bit. camera was some what ok. not bad for everyday use only had it for about 3 months that i end up reselling it.

excellent phone I recommend 100% of Venezuela came to me and then I used demasido touch, is broad and allows you to safely place your fingers at risk and buy it but I quite like, it will be a gift for my wife who also now he wants it. super good camera is much better than the flash c3 and gives more personality to the phone. I have not used it online, but we'll see how I go with that I leave sincerely internet for computers. Super slim and simple easy to use 100% recommended. at a great price I think I bought from amazon in the garage and came back super good.

I bought it three weeks ago like a gift for my wife. She doesn't need much technology on it, but I did choose because of the WLAN capability. Well, what I don't like is that the WLAN signal loose easily (very weak connection) and many applications in the phone will use my phone provider's (movistar) internet service instead of the WLAN signal at home (even if I'm using my WLAN at home), and I did not figured out how to change that.Anyway, my wife likes the phone and doesn't complain on it, then for me that makes the phone nice.On the other hand, the seller provided a totally new phone, and it came quickly at home. It was unlocked for use freely here in Ecuador (South America).-----------------------------------------After one year the phone is dead! We already changed the screen for a new one but that didn't help! RIP.

i had my phone, a nokia 3110 c for 3 years and it has been dropped in water, fallen from my bag etc, but my 1 year decided he had to throw it extra hard AGAIN and then the screen went bust. so i decided to get a new one. i wanted the bronze but thats nowhere to be had and Amazon has the best price. i find the grey one more manly and the silver feminine thats why i took this one and bought my DH the other one. he agrees with me.pros:the best part: the flashlight. i dont know why they dont put those standard on a cameraphone.pics are great,its very light,very responsive touchscreen,nice sound [not as good as the x press music but that's one dedicated to music],WiFi doesn't need a very strong signal3g en wifi! yes!big, easily readible textcons: 1 i have small hands and still it is hard to use the touch for smaal things. should've come with a stick AND a socket onthe phone to place it in2 the mail makes the pics very small before emailing it3 the hand drawing on the plastic screen cover is not necessary and hinders me. ps didn't remove wrapper to prevent damage to screen

First off, I really like this phone. It is just what I am looking for. I love the solid feel of this phone and the sleek design. I carry my phone in my pocket, so this is important. Call quality is the best of any phone I have used. I love the standard headphone jack and the media player works well. One thing that surprised me was the phone's apparent inability to receive picture messages. I'm very dissapointed by this, but think I will keep the phone anyway - it's that good.My carrier is AT&T; - I called nokia about the failed MMS messages and they advised me to contact AT&T; to have the feature enabled on the phone. I was on with tech support for 20 minutes when the guy concluded that the phone was not capable of receiving the MMS messages. I didn't believe him so I called back and got the same story. This seems really strange to me. - If you are reading this and have been able to activate picture messages through AT&T;, please post a comment, untill then I will continue to be surprised that this phone cannot receive them.

This is a great phone, excellent functionality, the perfect size, is a 3G phone! and the 5MP camera is great. The touchscreen sometimes stops working and you have to turn off the phone to fix it, but it has happen only twice since I have it.

I bought this phone last month. And now it has a number of problems. Specially it gets switched off automatically. A number of times its screen hangs and nothing happens. I think that there is some major issue with the processor my phone. I will have to return this to Amazon.

I like it... I just use the basics on the phone - but I really like this phone - glad I purchased it.  I purchased a protective case skin cover to place on this phone, easier to hold on to it and have a leather case for it as well.  I'm happy with my purchase.  Plus you get 1 year free warranty coverage as well.  Amazon had a great deal on these phones.

GAVE THE PHONE AWAY TO MY MOM WHO NEVER USED IT.  NOT A GREAT PHONE FOR THE MONEY.  QUALITY IS OK...EASE OF USE NOT SO MUCH

This review (especially its negative tone) partly applies to anyone looking to use this phone with TMobile as your carrier, since that's my experience. But for all I know, the phone may be similarly stubborn about working with other U.S. carriers given that it's a Euro-centric device made by a Euro-centric company. Therefore, I have to recommend that American customers stay away from this phone: despite its nifty feature set, there's just too much risk of things going wrong, and unless you're a mobile techie, it's a major headache trying to fix the bugs (assuming they even can be fixed).First and foremost, TMob doesn't have proper configuration settings for this phone; instead, they sent me settings for a "similar" phone, and when problems started to crop up, they told me those were the only settings available.Although I'm still sorting some of these problems out (and may eventually fix most or all of them), it's been a major hassle so far, and one not hinted at in the many professional and amateur reviews I read before buying this model, most of which were very positive about its features and realistic about its limitations. So the sheer out-of-the-box user-unfriendliness really knocks this phone down several notches.The most annoying problems have to do with connectivity and how the phone communicates with online vendors. First, TMob's settings make connecting via wifi (vs. TMob's paid data plans, which I don't participate in) a hassle: before I added their settings, wi-fi worked very well with my home network, but after adding the settings, wi-fi was automatically disabled whenever I tried to get online. I assume this would happen with other carriers besides TMob, given their interest in forcing you into paid plans. After much detective work, I finally figured out how to partly bypass that problem and access wi-fi, though the solution is by no means intuitive and is not a cure-all (e.g., if you click on a URL in a txt message from, say, a ringtone or game vendor, the phone will default to TMobile's Edge or whatever server and not even give you the option of switching to wi-fi, forcing you to use end-arounds that involve manually typing the URL you were sent into a browser, ugh). So call this a mere partial fix at best.Second, if you want to order a game from TMobile's store, you're out of luck b/c the settings won't allow you to download any of their games; TMob told me there's no way around that problem, so all the games I used on my previous phone are now unusable on the Nokia, and I can't buy new games either. And if you try to order a game from somewhere else, you'll likely run into another problem that I still haven't solved: when you try to download the game after buying it, the store's webpage will tell you that [DRUM ROLL] your phone ISN'T A NOKIA C3-01!Again, TMobile is to blame for much of this, and I may eventually find fixes for these and the other problems that have arisen. But then again, new problems are just as likely to pop up given the phone's track record so far, and other carriers may have similar issues with this model, so it's a definite thumbs-down. Who cares about nice cameras and touch screens if you're too busy swatting at system bugs to enjoy them?I may update this review if things improve and new solutions arise, but then again, none of that would change the fact that the phone is in some ways unusable at first, so I doubt I would change my recommendation.

UPDATE!  I had one of the first reviews for this phone, (maybe the first?) on Amazon and I can no longer recommend this phone for US customers.  No US GSM carrier has sold this phone so Nokia has apparently decided it is not worth supporting in the US.  They have some way of identifying the hardware and the new firmware is not available or downloadable through their software application.  They have not only added features but according to release notes they have added bug fixes.  Great, now I know I have a phone with software bugs that will never be fixed.  My phone is also dropping calls indoors where I have never had problems with previous phones.  I wonder if that is one of the bug fixes.I tried to open a ticket with Nokia customer support, this was my response from May 3rd.Thank you for contacting Nokia.You will be receiving a reply from one of our Customer Care Representatives at the earliest.Have a good day.It's June 9th, haven't heard a thing.  Nice way to treat your customers.I had to replace the phone on my ATT plan ( Nokia Mural ) because the battery life was horrible, it dropped calls, would not receive calls and the menu navigation was awful.I am not interested in a smart phone.  My top priorities are battery life, call quality and ease of use.  I could also care less about a camera in a phone.  I also carry my phone in my pocket so the size and shape of this phone is important.  For the 2 weeks I have owned this phone it has met all of these criteria.  I went 3 days before the first charge and that was after playing with all the phones features like WLAN, bluetooth camera and media player and I still had battery left. The call quality is superb, people talking to me on the other end have also noticed the difference, no dropped callls so far.  The ring volume is EXCELLENT!  The main screen and goto menus are totally customizable so if you don't find this phone easy to use it is your own fault.  The resistive touch makes navigation easy.  The screen is also very clear and the picture quality is excellent. Texting uses the traditional key pad and utilizes the touch feature for special charachters.  This phone is thin and the back is rounded so it carries well in my pocket, sometimes I forget it is there.Now for the extra features.  The camera takes pretty awful pictures but I find that true with most phones.  Flash photography on this thing produces incredibly washed out colors.  I the WLAN feature is great!, the default browser is very poor but it also comes with Opera Mini web browser pre-installed and that works surprisingly well.  This does not surf the web as well as a "smart" phone but it is certainly tolerable.  One of my favorite features is the * button can be held down for 3 seconds to turn on the camera flash for a flashlight.  Love it!  So far the software support from Nokia is poor because the phone is so new.  There is no ActiveSync which I think is true for most phone. SUPL location, which uses tower triangulation to find your location, is available but I have not found an app that it works with yet.  The java google maps does not support the touch screen.  It comes with a built in mail app which support gmail.  The is no plugin yet for Apple iSync.  Hopefully there will be better software choices the longer this phone is out.  The music player is relatively good, decent sound and a regular sized headphone jack is awesome.  I also appreciate the ability to charge with both the Nokia barrel charger and micro usb.I own an ipod touch which senses electrical conductivity, this phone differs in that it uses resistive touch which senses pressure.  It is not as sensitive but has the advantage of not exposing a glass surface ( possibly more durable ) and you could still use it with gloves on.  Once you get use to using the touch on this phone it goes smooth.  It seems to work best with your thumb.I would recommend this phone to anyone who likes to use their phone as a phone.

The phone is nice and thin with a great touch screen.  The biggest complaint I have with this phone is the battery life which is horrible.  It also does not have very good volume or reception.

The product is a hybrid version of phone with 3G and touch and type is cool. I had bought it to gift someone.Cool if its your first 3G and touch phone.. If you are used to Smartphone.. (I use HTC smartphone..), then you will not like the product. Nokia OS is lagging behind and needs to pick up to a large extent.Overall this is a nice budget product

got this phone for my bf who has had the same nokia for 5 yrs and does NOT like technology. this phone has good sized buttons and the camera with flash is easy for him to use. the picture quality is good, the screen size and phone size are great for him. there are many features he will probably never use but eventually I'll show him how to use wireless, etc. definately nice speaker-phone that is lightweight.  the only drawback I've noticed is the case shows a lot of smudging so ordering a cover for it. also, order an extra memory card for all the pictures, this phone can go big so might as well use it.

As much as I wanted to like this phone, there was no battery life to it. I returned my first one because of this and the second one was even worse. One of the reviews said great battery, but not for me. If you used this phone to talk for 1 hour, you'd have to charge it again. Update: I stuck with it and charged the phone every time it needed to. After a week or two the battery life has improved to the point that it will last the 2 or 3 days it should. I will keep be keeping this phone.

Nokia C3-01 Unlocked Touch ve Tip Cep Telefonu - ABD S&uuml;r&uuml;m Garanti (G&uuml;m&uuml;')very good very good

My iPhone (old) 3G died and I needed a new phone. As I only called with my iPhone, I figured I would go with a basic phone and not spent too much money on a new iPhone. Man, what a mistake. Prior to my iPhone I used to only buy Nokia. 'Back in the days' Nokia phones were extremely easy to navigate and use. But going back to Nokia (or probably any brand phone for that matter) after an iPhone is just impossible. This phone is too complex to be a simple phone and way too crappy to be advanced. It just sucks and I'm going to buy an iPhone again.***After having this phone for a while now I really got to the conclusion that Nokia makes garbage phones and to no surprise the company is going down and down and down. Hardware, but mostly the software should be banned or forbidden. I'm really a controlled person but this phones causes extreme rage in me. It's just too stupid for words. For example, looking for a contact takes years... Sliding through the name list constantly selects a person by accident. You have to go back, but most of the time the 'back' button simply doesn't work (which causes rage!). Then you would need to use the hangup button to go back to the home screen. Also, if there are contacts with more than one phone number... If you need to try each number you would have to go through the entire slide-search process again of to go to the person, because the recent call list only remembers the number, not the contact data. People who made this phone are cavemen never even seen or use a phone...Also after a while the touchscreen just doesn't work, mostly the back button and most annoyingly the unlock button (you need to turn off the phone to make it work again).Amazon.com: why can't I rate 0 stars??? Or in this case minus a billion stars.

I bought this phone over a year ago. I was specifically looking for a "non-smartphone." It was great for about 11 months and then the touchscreen feature wouldn't work on the bottom part of the screen. I sent it in to Nokia, they fixed it and sent it back. Now it's 13 months after I've bought this phone and the bottom left side of the touchscreen won't recognize any selection. (I called Nokia customer service and they were less than helpful. They told me it was a hardware issue and I would have to send it elsewhere to get it repaired.) I really like Nokias and have had nothing but great reviews for my previous Nokias. Sadly, I cannot give this phone more than 3 stars. If the touchscreen feature would work, this phone would be a 5 for me, but there's nothing more frustrating than shelling out hard earned money and then having to replace it a year later. I did like the large buttons and the flashlight, also the camera was pretty great. But if you're going to make a phone and charge that much, I think it should last longer than a year or so. If you don't mind replacing phones every year, then you should give this phone a try. But if you're looking for something durable, then I suggest looking elsewhere.

i bought this for my 13 year old daughter to use abroad- just slipped the sim card in, and it worked immediately. we added a memory card of 2G, and she loves the phone. great phone, no complaints in the first month

this phone has all of the features needed for easy texting, camera, internet access etc.  The only confusing part was how to receive picture messages and staying "locked."  Good deal for the price.

I bought this phone about a month ago via amazon.com.. Seriously... a month later the phone is at nokia's repair and recycle center, for repair. The issue which hardly I comprehend is that the screen turns black when the phone is in use, not steady black, but blinking. I believe is an electrical issue, that there is a short circuit, inside it's hardware. Also the calls drop all the time, and If the phone is turned off It won't come back again unless I take out the battery and place it back again, doing so a couple of time, will make the phone turn on, but with the same blinking issue. So definetly it is messed up, from the day it came out of the factory.  Well the thing is that I barely used my phone, I was getting to know him, and now I had to put it in hand of the technnicians, hopefully they get to fix it, I get back to you guys when I get the phone back from nokia.Postdata: besides all those horrible facts, I really liked the phone, since is a mix of a smartphone with a regular phone... I hope that this won't happen to any other buyer. see you soon

Nokia es una muy buena marca en lo referente a telefonos celulares, alta tecnologia, exelente equipo. Es un equipo de muy buena calidad.

When I got this cellphone I was really happy not only because its overall performance was really good, but also because of its stylish looks and really slim body.Four months later the touch screen started to fail and to press random buttons until it started to get annoying. Right now it won't even work at all, and the only way to unlock the screen is by touch, not the keypad, meaning I've left with a cellphone that only gives me the hour and for receiving calls only.I tried to find replacement parts on the internet, no luck at all, it's like this was never released, meaning I will have to get another new phone again, this is my 3rd Nokia with LCD and touch problems.

Como equipo es bueno en cuanto a lo funcional, facil de manejar, funciona muy bien en 3g, viene libre para cualquier operador y la carcaza es de buen material y presentable, toma fotos con flash no muy bien para tener 5 megapixel, debereria ser mejor, el touch sreen se le da&ntilde;o a los 9 meses de comprado. de los equipos nokia que he usado es el primero que sale defectuoso antes de cumplir el a&ntilde;o de uso. ya ordene el Touch screen de reemplazo, me costo $23.48, ademas el teclado pierde el color y se va deteriorando. No lo volveria a comprar.As a team is good in terms of the functional, easy to use, works great on 3G, is free to any network and the housing is of good material and presentable, take pictures with flash is not very good to have 5 megapixel, should be better , the touch sreen is damage to the 9 months of purchase. nokia equipment I've used is the first out before their defective year of use. Touch screen and order the replacement cost me $ 23.48, plus the keyboard loses color and is deteriorating. Not what you purchase.

I bought this phone after a thorough search for several other phones. My wife is a fan of Nokia. It works as expected. The two problems I have noticed so far is that the ringer volume is not high and you tend to miss calls, and the after a prolonged conversation the phone gets heated up. Otherwise all in all an excellent phone.

Watch out, the European version of this phone has newer software and a better updates support. US version has old software without ability of upgrade.I was disappointed because you can not use Google talk and other IM services in chat, as it was stated, except ovi chat...I am returning this product...From the other side it looks very nice, and it is a very elegant device...

I had a 6300 which I liked a lot, but unfortunately had spotty reception as it was not from the US. I endured the terrible Samsung Mythic for too long before I decided to splash a bit of cash and make my life better with the C3-01.Build quality is great, I love stainless steel phones having owned the 8850 sliding phone, the 6300 and now this. I like the 6300 keypad a bit better (better tactile feel) but this works pretty okay. The touch screen is alright although scrolling up and down isn't as pleasant as I hoped it would be (I use the iPod touch as the defining standard here).A bit disappointed with the messaging interface. It offers conversation and normal view, but I would prefer if they led me reduce the font size cos it's quite large and the screen isn't very big. I could definitely make do with a smaller font. Also, trying to delete messages one by one is a bit of a pain. I can't find a feature that lets me select multiple messages to delete at one go.Nonetheless, a good offering from Nokia, especially for people who like their phones plain and simple. It's pretty much an evolution of the 6300, although I'd give the 6300 five stars and this four for a few shortcomings.

I thought that this phone might offer the characteristics of my prior Nokia phones; excellent reception and long battery life. I was only half right. The battery life is excellent. The reception is not good.  Other ATT users on competing phones can converse comfortably in places that I can't. I wanted precisely the opposite - I was giving up the multi-functionality of a smart phone in hopes of getting a Phone that was superior.  This phone is not superior in any way. It is an adequate phone, barely.

I've had the Nokia C3-01 for 4 months now and I'm very happy with it.  Call quality is great. Slim metal case slips easily into a pocket.  Screen is surprisingly scratch resistant.  Wifi works great - I use it to check mail and download podcasts daily.  Good battery life. Keyboard is - well there's no keyboard, so you've got to peck around with the text/T9N stuff.  But the small size makes it worth to deal with that. It's got a built in FM radio and a music player.  Built-in camera is horrible - slow, blurry.I got this and a ATT GoPhone plan because I was sick of 2 year contracts.  My phone bill runs $15-$30/mo for voice/text. No data plan, the cost just didn't make sense, but again the wifi works great so I don't miss it much.

I am copying a review I made on a different site where i gave 3.5 stars this site does not allow me to give half stars.I will repeatedly compare this phone to my outgoing Nokia 6133, which served me from Oct2008 till July 2011.Opening the box : the usual basics, no USB cable , has to be ordered separately.Manual : Good, index miserable, 60 % of pages in Spanish, Nokia should save the trees and provide Spanish manuals to those who who request themLook and feel : good looking, nice all metal feel compared to plastic phones.Sturdiness : I read a UK review calling it a phone you can drop. I would absolutely not recommend that, unless you can guarantee that it always stays screen up. Unlike my old Nokia 6133( which I dropped 5 times from a bicycle at 20 plus miles per hour with minimal damage), C3-01 is absolutelyNOT designed to be dropped, in spite of the metal casing . The combination of a large screen which is not recessed like on 6133 and candy bar design calls for problems, as a matter of fact you can easily scratch the screen by pushing it over a hard surface.I had to spend additional 13 $ for a Clarivue screen protector.Side buttons : Good and easy to use. I miss a flash light button, which has to be switched from the key board.The slots do not have covers ( even my cheap back up Samsung has it !) and I predict problems down the road with grease and dirt, especially with the USB slot.Battery , SIM card, Memory card and it's installation : The back cover is very difficult to get off. The optional memory card ids in the battery/SIM card compartment. The battery life is somewhat disappointing for a GSM phone, the same as it was with 6133 . I would prefer functional to sleek.The charger and- with full discharge- the p0hone get rather hot during charging. Wonder what it does to the circuitry .Setting up the phone : Not too difficult, but somewhat more so than it was with 6133. There are no menu prompts when you hesitate.The touch screen. A slightly above average size compared to other phones is the good thing.The touch function itself is horrible, difficult to use no matter how long you calibrate. Scrolling is a disaster. I need 3-4 attempts to let it stop where I need it. You try to do it slower and you open applications you do not want to. My 6133 was perfect for one hand use, with some memorizing you could use the phone while driving without looking at it. C3-01 touch and type you better use it in a quiet parking lot with both hands. At this pointy of time I seriously considered returning the phone.Customizing and menu options: Nokia apparently forgot that there are people who simply prefer a white screen without any junk on it. There is one oddity on the menu screen. The call log icon was replaced by music icon and call log has to be accessed through contacts To make things worse, you cannot create a short cut to call log, only to a specific option(e.g. missed calls or voice call duration).Even more bizarre, once there you cannot get to the general call log. Somebody really slept here.There are some unnecessary restrictions for customizing the home screen. But all together, it is still a Nokia and the menus are intuitive and logical, though somewhat less than on my old 6133.One nice thing is that the unit converter is back, although I would prefer more units, e.g. for pressure.Keypad and dialing : Easy to use.Speakerphone : GoodAudio Incoming : Good, but less loud than 6133 even in maximum position. In noisy environment I loose calls.Annoying.Audio outgoing : According to other people good, but less so in a noisy environment. than my old 6133. With a tiny candy bar phone the distance between the mouth and microphone is too large.Ringer : Average, unfortunately less than my old 6133. Lets me miss calls in a noisy environment.Signal sensitivity : Good, but you have to make sure that you do not touch the bottom part of the phone where the antenna is located, which makes holding the phone a bit tricky .Camera : Really good for a cell phone. The zoomed in pictures somewhat less so. This made it a keeper for me after the screen disappointment.Music functions : Work well, I could not care less.International dialing with an alternative carrier : works well with this phone.Bluetooth and data transfer. : Works well with other Nokia phones or your computer ( via USB if the computer has no Bluetooth capability. I could transfer most of my data easily from my 6133 to C3-01.Wireless broadband : C3-01 works on HSDPA networks, in the US only T- mobile has that. I am a T-mobile subscriber but without a data plan so I could not test it. However, I tested the Wi-Fi. Works well, however it is only suitable for an occasional user, for daily use you need a true smart phone.Flash light : I love this improvement, though I miss a dedicated button.I would recommend this phone because there are no really good choices in this segment of the market- the half way between cheap phones and ' smart" phones- but I think that Nokia missed some opportunities here.:On edit: I am upgrading the rating to 4 stars, however I stick to the comments made.On edit : 2014-04-04The touch screen, which is definitely the weakest part of this phone, gave up on me completely. With only 2 years and 8 months of use it is disappointing for a Nokia.

This phone is one of the best innovations by Nokia. It combines both a touchscreen factor and a keypad design that users can make use of. The large keypad really helps for typing and the interface, as usual, is very user friendly.There are somethings you have to be careful for... For instance, when you're sending a text message, if you accidentally touch the screen, you may hit the "cancel" button and your text will not go through.I wish the text message interface woud be a little bit better. It just takes time to get to a text message especially if it's a recent one in my opinion. For some users it may not be a problem at all.Also, this phone's vibration is a little light. You may not feel it vibrating for a call sometimes if you're walking or doing physical work.Other than that, it's a really nice, SUPER slim stainless steel phone. the camera is very good. it has a flashlight. the dialpad is really large for your fingers.Surely, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages & that's why I still use mine

great style, good materials used-steel, 35 different ring tones, touch screen works well, small size..3-4 days battery life..camera is not good...

I bought this phone with the highest of hopes. I have been a long time razr user, and finally decided it was time to upgrade.  I did hours of research, and decided on this phone. I liked it immediately oob. The phone is sharp looking and nicely built. It is a heavy phone for its size. I transferred my sim card, and played around with the phone. This particular phone I had to send back, as it made loud popping noises (perhaps static??)while on a call. This happened several times during several phone calls. So back it went.I got a replacement phone and tried again.  This phone once in a while sounds static-y, and the reception is not as good as my old razr. The volume is not too good, when it is up loud enough for me to hear, it crackles.I CANNOT for the life of me get into Opera, even following explicit directions. The phone acts as if it wants to load, and then freezes after 5 or 10 minutes. Not too good.Configured phone for MMS following directions off of the forums on Nokia/USA website. You can google to find that info out. That worked like a charm.Another quirk that really gripes me is the there is no way to text numbers unless you go out of "prediction" mode (which I LOVE!!) and tap each key until the number comes up (i.e.: d, e, f, 3) What a pain!The screen quality is good, as is the touch part of it. That works just fine. The color is great.The camera is OK, I noticed colors dont come out very good with the flash. (just whitens the picture out)One more thing, the back of the phone gets VERY HOT in use. And your finger naturally covers the camera lens when talking. I think it will keep the lens fingerprinty.I am sending this phone back as well. Not being able to utilize the internet or wifi is a biggie for me. And the reception and call quality are big issues for me as well. On to some other phone.

I purchased my Nokia C3-01 in march 2011, and since that date, it works nice in my country, Venezuela. Is reliable, fast, small an easy to be carried in any shirt o pant pocket, without disturbing as many others larger phones!( Computers, TVs tablets or what?)Its back silver steel makes it elegant as none in the maket. Of course, it has some limitations, but if you need to carry a cell phone with you, not one NASA computer, this is your phone! Eduardo. Caracas, Venezuela.

Prior to this phone, I had a Nokia 6300 that I really enjoyed the past 3+ years. Like the 6300, the C3-01 has a stainless steel body and is very sleek. I'm not a big fan of smart phones yet, I use my phone for messaging and making calls...everything else I do on my laptop. So, after reading all the reviews for the C3-01, I went ahead and purchased it. When I received it, I loved the look and feel of the phone, typical Nokia craftmanship. I first turned the phone on without putting my SIM card in just to get a feel for it and really loved the touch screen interface. Then the troubles began. I put my SIM card in, turned the phone back on, and then the phone just started randomly flashing on and off again. The settings I had originally inputed were all reset (time, date, etc.). During a longer break between flashes, I re-inputed the data, only to have the phone flash off again and loose the data once again. I then turned off the phone, took out the battery, the SIM, and re-inserted everything and then turned the phone back on...I ended up doing this several times. Once turned on, the phone continued to do the same thing, just flash on and off again before finally shutting down completely. I began to think there was a problem with the compatibility of the new phone with AT&T's network, however, referring back to the phone's site on Amazon, it clearly states that it is an unlocked phone compatible with AT&T's network. I also looked up the technical settings for both the 6300 and C3-01 and compared them, they're both basically the same...not really any differences that I could determine...the phone should have worked!!! So, a bit heartbroken, I boxed up the phone and sent it back to Amazon. I could have gotten a replacement, but instead opted for a refund as Amazon doesn't really provide any technical support for the phone...I can't call someone up and get any technical advice or clarification. Maybe the phone I got was just a dud, but it looked brand new out of the box and I'm fairly convinced it was some kind of network compatibility issue, although, a quad band GSM phone should function fine on AT&Ts network. Very frustrating. I love Nokia...anybody with any other recommendations?

I just received the C3-01 from Amazon.com today and out of the box just put in the battery and plugged it in. The phone started flashing with a white screen. I put my AT&T; SIM in to see if that would make a difference and it didn't. Once again the same white screen and keypad flashing. So I said before I give up on this, let me call Nokia USA for help. The tech said to redo the things that I had already tried and got the same result. I just resent it back to amazon.com for a refund. A brand new phone not working. I would not recommend this phone. I liked the overall feel of the phone but the software has flaws. The Nokia program/ Windows XP/7 were not even able to recognize this device once plugged into the computer.Update: After returning the dud phone back I wanted to give this phone another chance. I bought another unit a day later. This phone works brilliantly with AT&T; and shows 3.5G. The wi-fi works well with the ovi browser that has to be downloaded. The screen may be small for some people but as a unlocked phone with wi-fi, can't beat the features. The phone quality was excellent and the speaker phone is fairly loud. The scrolling aspect is a bit difficult and will take time to get use to. Having and iPhone and a HTC Freestyle on the family plan allows for a unique perspective. This phone is similar in feel to the HTC Freestyle except for the wi-fi aspect. The scrolling aspect as well as the multiple home screens is lacking. Ringtones are not pre-loaded onto the phone.Bottom line: Its a great general phone with some features that can enhance the experience of a phone without having to pay data charges. I would recommend this phone as a secondary phone but those who need the internet with greater response and functionality will want to look for something else. You have to be a bit patient with this phone.

I was happy with the overall quality of the phone till the moment the touchscreen display stopped working after 4 months. Reception is not between the best and old nokia phones out perform this cell. The stainless steel case is prone to dents and a classic Polycarbonate/ABS case is actually sturdier than this fancy enclosure. Overall a very functional slim cool phone but not happy with reliability.UPDATE.Nokia fixed my phone in a week under warranty and I did not pay even shipping. The phone is working great since then and reception appears to be improved.UPDATE 2.After 8 months the display has been replaced it does not respond again but this time the warranty is expired and the cellphone is ready for the trashcan. This is the problem: in a hot humid environment (as  a common hot day of Summer) water will diffuse into the display from the edge. This is the area where the display will first stop working. Other NOKIA phones like the high end new E6 have still the same problem. NOKIA learn how to make a touchscreen before mounting them on your otherwise great cellphones!!!

As a combination of touch screen and type phone it appears okay. This though only lasts for a period of time. For the first 2 months there was no issue with the either function. As time progressed the touch screen seriously screwed up and stopped working. I didn't drop it and usage was only minimal to medium. I thought I could get it to work by researching the model on the Nokia website. Upon doing some research I found that this model had a similar flaw with the touchscreen on all version. The remedy was a firmware upgrade. The problem with the firmware was it only supported the international versions of the phone NOT U.S. In simple terms customers with US version are screwed.Overall, it was okay while it lasted a few months but had a flaw from the start. I would not recommend this phone at all. I've had numerous Nokia phones which were reliable but this one was NOT.

I've had this phone for over a year now. I'm only giving two stars, because there is no support for the U.S. market.  My phone will only update to firmware version 5.60, while the firmware for other markets is up to version 7.16.  Given the complete lack of support by Nokia, this phone isn't worth the price.  In addition, the apps in the Ovi store are not even worth downloading, even if they're free.  It is a nice piece of hardware, and works well as a phone and texting device.  However, if all I wanted was a phone/texting device, there are much cheaper options.

Had to go with fixing it in just a year! Screen got to get replaced! Got for mother-in-law and you can imagin what might have happened when it needed fixing in such a short duration :(

If you are satisfied with a thin phone that allow you communicate then this c3-01 is for you. Perhaps it is not a smartphone but who cares? It's a cell phone and that's enough. It does the job very well.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my teenage daughter, she loves the phone...Initially, she was upset at me as I didn't ask her about her thoughts on what kind of phone she would prefer, so I thought I could use this phone if she didn't like it, well, after playing a bit with it, she got in love with this nice piece of technology...She is used to texting via traditional keypad, so she loves the idea of navigating through menus and options via the touchscreen while keeping the phone keypad for dialing and texting functions. Quality of the phone is great (my daughter has tons of pics she can keep in a large memory microSD card, so this is a plus too), the phone feels very resistant and the silver version is very elegant, fits perfectly into small pockets. You'll need to adjust touch screen sensitivity to your preferrences, but the phone has a good feature for completing this task easily. 3G and Wifi capabilities works great in my country, and even when my daugthers' sim card is from 2G technology, the phone has extraordinary reception at areas where her previous 2-3 Nokia phones (various Music express models) never had signal. Quality of pictures are awesome (have not used the flash at this time, but we'll see...). Overall, I highly recommend this phone for someone who needs good battery performance, nice quality pictures, all good stuff such as music, videos, etc., good signal reception and also wanting to keep keypad control for dialing/ texting while improving menu navigation through touch screen...Great product!

This is a really slick phone.  It's both a touch screen and a keypad phone.  Easy to text and super thin.  We had to return it however, because picture and video messages could not be handled through T-Mobile for this phone.  We contacted Nokia and T-Mobile who informed us that this tower that handled this phone was not one used by T-Mobile. We would have to pay an extra $15.00 per month to retrieve the pictures but chose not to.  Other than this inconvenience the phone would have been a keeper.
