
This phone holds a charge much longer than others that i've had. it also has lots of memory and pictures are really good quality too. this phone is used by my granddaughter she is not gentle with it either. we did get a phone case thatjust adds to its appearance. battery stays charged for such a long time. speakers are good too. super fast communication. this is a excellent phone for anyone. highly recommended

As the customer service rep put it, this is a great phone for the kids who want to social media and text it up and don't care as much about voice quality. But if you use this phone for business, i cannot stress enough how terrible the call quality of the phone is. If you want to use a headset only with it all the time, then it's fine, but the actual phone is fuzzy, people have a hard time hearing me and i have a hard time hearing them.Also, if you're coming from a smartphone, the navigation is clunky..

I purchased this phone in mid-January (following some software updates) and so far I have been pleased.  I have not had the problem with Echos or voice quality that others have reported.  My daughters tell me that they can hear me more clearly than with my old phone.  I believe that the software updates have solved these early problems.  I like the keyboard and I find the user interface easy to be logical and intuitive.  I like opening it up and being instantly in speaker phone mode.Two things caused me to limit my evaluation to four stars.  1) I wish that I could generate more volume with both the ring tone and also hearing the person that I am talking too. There are controls for this but even the loudest settings are not quite as loud as I would prefer on occasion. 2) The camera is not the greatest, but that is not all that important as I do not plan to use the camera very extensively.Overall I am happy with my purchase

Had this phone for two weeks.  So far, so good.  Sturdy, easy to use.  I use only for calling and texting so I can't say much for other features.  Camera is good.  Loading data from PC is easy.  Only complaint I have is that the ringer is not loud enough as there's no speaker on the outside.

This fone is great for texting and teenagers with the update there is still and echo but not as bad. IF you text alot this a great fone but not if you mainly calll. overall this is a rlly good fone

I have had this phone for about a week now and am loving it. I had no unrealistic expectations about a feature phone having smart-phone capabilities (as I read frequently in reviews for this and other feature phones at a variety of sites), but what this phone does, it does right for the most part.On the positive side, there are a myriad of customization options/settings for both the internal and external displays. The included tools are of the typical fare (i.e. calendar, notepad, calculators, etc.), but they are all easy to use and useful and include some (to-do list, stopwatch) that weren't on my last phone. I imported some .mp3s via bluetooth, and the sound quality of the speakers is superb for a cell phone (although I'm not sure how often I will actually be playing music on it). If you are a medium to high frequency texter, this phone should satisfy with both T9 and a full qwerty keyboard. The keys are raised making for happy texting fingers. The voice clarity has been excellent on all the calls I've made and received.On the negative side, the camera does leave some to be desired. While it is a 3.2 megapixel camera, I have seen 2.0 megapixel cameras on other phones take similar quality shots, although I haven't yet tested the camera in various light settings/environments/etc. or exported any pictures to a computer to see how they look full-size. If the camera does zoom, I haven't been able to figure out how to do so when taking a picture. I haven't encountered the echo issue that some other reviewers have mentioned, and the "voice clarity" setting was automatically set to "off" when I got the phone which I read was the culprit of the echo issue. Finally, the phone is a little big overall and could have benefited from an eighth-inch trimming here and there.All in all, I am thoroughly satisfied with this phone and am glad I got it.

I had 4 of these in 8 days and none worked. I won't touch an LG again.  VerisonWireless refused to let me switch phones to a different brand.  Don't deal with somebody that won't back up what they sell.

Just got this phone through Amazon.. Process was very easy..This phone replaces my Lg Env which I had for many years. The Octane so far is a perfect replacement. I have had none of the problems of some other reviewers. This feature phone works great as basic phone/IM/camera.. Also good if you must check email on occation. I am happy I waited for the Octane for replacement. One final comment is that I saved 99 dollars by buying  through Amazon as opposed to direct from Verizon.

Before I begin, let me say how there is no greater woe than the feature phone market, especially if you are on Verizon's network. Even the most basic of phones provided for us customers who do not need nor want all of the expensive bells and whistles (or a data plan) still cannot get the job done. Why? Because Verizon (and everyone else) is doing all they can to force us into buying smart phones and the costly contracts to go with them. With that said, I'm not surprised the LG Octane was a little underwhelming even for my simple needs.I'm a college student---that should say it all right there. There is no way I'm wasting money on an expensive phone, nor do I need to when my campus has Wifi in every building and I would much rather access my email or the Internet on the large screen of my laptop than in the palm of my hand. So I decided on the LG Octane for my phone of choice. It seemed basic and reliable, that's all I needed.However, even for someone as simplistic and frugal as I am, this phone doesn't seem to cut it. Here's why:- The call quality is godawful. I have to put my mouth directly over the receiver in order for the person on the other end to hear what I am saying without me yelling it to them, and even then it's not good enough. This phone requires you to talk very loudly for your voice to come in clear...I'm not down with that. I have a bunch of roommates who do not like hearing my loud conversations, nor do I want them to hear my conversations! This was a big deal breaker for me because I'm far away from lots of family and friends, meaning I make a LOT of phone calls. By far, I think this is the most unfortunate issue with this phone. I see it is also a problem that others frequently encounter with the Octane, not just me.- Though this phone is marketed as a "messaging phone", the keyboard is not exactly optimized for messaging. It is very flat and your hands slide around the keys very easily. This would be more of an inconvenience than a problem if it weren't for the fact that the Octane keyboard contains a lot of extraneous keys and functions that are not needed whatsoever that prove to be extremely annoying when accessed. The Emoticon button, placed right next to the frequently called upon comma key, is filled to the gills with horrid little smileys and graphics that no one ever uses. It takes a lot of work for the phone to load the huge database and 100% of the time (on my phone, at least) causes it to crash and reboot itself. This would drive me up the wall, as I would accidentally hit that button all of the time during mid-text and next thing I knew, my phone was shutting off and I had lost everything I had typed. There is also a SocialBeat button right next to the 1 that when hit opens up a program and a woman in a loud voice starts talking to you regardless if your phone is on silent or vibrate. I have very tiny fingers so I can't imagine someone with average to large sized hands using this phone without accidentally hitting the wrong keys, especially the annoying ones such as Emoticon and SocialBeat.- The phone is VERY large and bulky. It looks like a brick, it weighs as much as a brick...etc. It does not fit inside of pant pockets. However, if I got it to fit in my pocket and wasn't wearing a belt or a tight fitting pair of pants that day, this phone weighs enough to start pulling my jeans down!- The front screen is very small and not fully functional, as in, does not have many features you can access without opening the phone up. This isn't a huge problem per se, but for my needs, it is something that left more to be desired. I'm on the go a lot from building to building and I carry a lot of things, it would be nice to quickly access features with one hand every now and then.- The volume is not very loud, as many others have noted, because the speaker is internal. Ringer volume (even on full blast) is very low. Call volume (even on full blast) is very low. I don't have hearing problems whatsoever, yet I have to strain to hear my friends or family talking on the other line. I don't see how phones with internal speakers are even a thing...Maybe it protects them from getting damaged? I don't know. Regardless, this was another deal breaker for me.- It generally runs very slow. It lags when I go through text messages, contacts, photos, etc.Though I have listed a quite of bit of cons, not everything about this phone is horrible:- It's sturdy and reliable. As it should be, given its large size. This phone withstands being in my bag up against tons of heavy textbooks and art supplies. If you buy it, you probably will not have to replace it until you are due to upgrade. This was what pleased me most about the Octane, since I had already gone through 2 flimsy phones in 2 years and was tired of having to buy new ones before my contract was up.- It has a decent camera. Pictures have the tendency of coming out a little dull and with an odd looking halo effect, but it's a feature phone camera. It's better than others I've seen.- Battery life isn't bad. I use my phone for calls and texts all day everyday, and as long as I charge it at night, it's fine.In short, if you're looking for a cheap, yet reliable phone, this is the one you want. Mine has gone through a lot of wear and tear and heavy usage for the past year and shows no signs of stopping on me. Still, for my needs, it didn't cut it for me, even though all I need are just basic features: good call quality and easy text messaging. Those things, to me at least, are fundamental, and even though this is a phone with lasting power, I don't think it's the one for me. Maybe if you don't make frequent calls, this would be better suited for you. It's unfortunate that Verizon or other carriers do not provide better basic phones for those of us who cannot justify spending an arm and a leg on smart phone bills.

I am of the generation who talks to people instead of texting so the keyboard is useless (or so I thought), but I got the phone anyway because everything else about this phone is very appealing.  After a few months of using this I am happy to report it was a good purchase.  We use the MP3 player in the motor home (playing through the FM radio) and the two-band capability is good because it means actually having cell phone service in those remote areas where only the lower speed is available.  There were several surprises that make this phone good for us older folks who would otherwise write this off as just a "messaging phone" for the twitter generation.First, it's great to be able have a keyboard for things other than messaging, like entering new contacts or adding appointments in the calendar notification section.  I now enter every appointment into the phone and it's great to have the reminders - something I did not do so much when I had to type text into the phone keypad.Second, when you flip the phone open it automatically goes into speaker phone mode.  My 85 year old mother has a Jitterbug phone (made just for older people) and this phone is actually easier to answer - wonderful for those with hearing aids.  Having this little phone open in front of you on the desk with the speakers actually aiming at you makes this a better speaker phone than most office speaker phones.  Very cool.Third, and this is really mind boggling, is when you DON'T use all those features (mp3 player, bluetooth, twitter, etc) I have found the battery can go two weeks between charges!  In the motor home when we do use that stuff we have to charge it every night - not that great (as reported in other reviews).  But when we are at home just using it as a normal phone the battery just goes forever.  Very nice.  I suppose they need a bigger battery for all those features but for those who just use it as a phone that long battery life is just a nice bonus.The last thing that really surprised me was how good the bluetooth works.  I prefer having sound in both ears so I got the stereo bluetooth headset.  If I have music going it plays in stereo with surprisingly good quality, then when a phone call comes in it automatically pauses the mp3 player, switches to mono mode so I hear the caller in both ears.  Then when the call ends the mp3 resumes where it left off.  Perfect!  Another nice feature of bluetooth when we are camping in remote areas and the phone has to be in a particular place to work we are no longer chained to the phone.  We can put the phone in a tree to get reception if we have to, the bluetooth seems to work easily 30 feet away or more from the phone, and it's amazing how much you can do with bluetooth without ever touching the phone.I was concerned about some of the bad reviews reported here but I think they were mostly from early users and those problems have since been fixed.  I called and left voice-mails first thing when I got this and there were no voice quality issues that others have reported.  It sounded the same with the phone open or closed.  The microphone is on the inside but right on the edge when the phone is closed and the gap is actually larger than the microphone hole so there is plenty of space for the sound to get through.  Overall, I am very happy with this phone.

I purchased this phone new from verizon, 2 weeks after I received it, it froze up while texting. I contacted verizon and they were gracious enough to send me a referb model which I was told that they go through the phone and set it as new bla bla bla. This phone i had for 1 week and froze while texting. The 3rd octane phone I received I actually had for about a month and a half before it started freezing while texting. I ended this viscious cycle by washing the phone in the washer and am now using an old phone I had. This phone is literally Junk! There is major software issues with it and they have no fix for this.

I've had this phone a year now. I'm generally happy with it as it was my first phone with a Qwerty keyboard, but it took me a while to get used to the small buttons for texting. I really have only two complaints about it. The first, the directional button on the Qwerty keyboard cracked after 3 months of use (and I don't text or play games that much!). I thought LG put out a quality product. I didn't want to deal with moving all of my contact info, etc., over to a new phone so I kept it. The second complaint is that people I called would hear an echo of their own voice when they talked with me. Supposedly, a software download was meant to clear that up, but it still happens occasionally with some people who have different service (mine's Verizon, of course). Well, three complaints....the text message boxes are too small and I end up having to switch to another box to read someone's whole message. Other than that, I've adapted. Next phone will be a smart one.

I love the texting the mirror reflection it has the different themes and customization settings. It's a really good phone, could have better ringtones but so does all verizon phones really. Best feature phone you could buy. I took a chance and brought it, you would love all the cool features.

We purchased two of these phones to replace LG Voyagers. They are very well suited to people who want a phone with real number buttons and a qwerty keyboard. The options are easy to follow and more logical than previous phones. The keypad unlock feature is effective by pressing the OK button twice, especially with the screen prompts. The qwerty keyboard is very small but works fine--even for my old pudgy fingers.The sound quality is superior to our LG Voyagers and this improvement was immediately apparent. The sound level complaints in other reviews may be the result of the default settings on the phone. When the sound level seems too low, press the "increase" bar on the side to maximum volume and then press the OK set button. Remember to get those software upgrades as well.NOTE: Since we are "olds", we got the very inexpensive 250 email per month plan because we do not text with anyone. We set up free email accounts with one of those big online services and dedicated an account for each mobile phone. We use those accounts to send and receive messages when we are away from our PCs. It's inexpensive and convenient that way.

I got this phone in early March for a penny! I am a mom in my 40's and it's very easy to use! I had a flip phone before and I was skeptical about switching to a phone like this but I'm glad I did! No cons at all, it works perfectly with no problems! 5 stars!

I wanted a phone with a keypad for easy dialing, and qwerty keyboard for easy texting. This one fits those requirements, but is otherwise difficult to use. The interface is not intuitive and requires a lot of button pushing to get anything done. This might be a familiarity thing, but one other weakness is getting me to send this phone back for something different: The ringer, and sounds in general, are very quiet. I can't hear it when it's in my purse or pocket, even when set to the most annoying ringers I can find.

After lots of research, speaking with owners, and 4 different Verizon agents, I bought this phone. It is excellent in all respects for voice and texting. I do not use this for anything but as a phone and text machine so that is all I am evaluating. Nice warranty for security, bought it through Costco due to best new price and case, car charger, and ear phone kit. Easy to use and sounds great. The echo problem was from improper use, and battery life is as expected. Works well for me and my area, more bars than with my Motorola. Highly recommend.

Pros:-The phone is a great size, not too big.-Easy to use-The phone itself is okay with durabilityCons:-I dropped it once and it scratched the screen like crazy. The screen is definitely not durable. Very disappointing!-The camera is decent but it doesn't have a zoom :(-The call volume is way too low. I have looked everywhere on my phone for on how to make it even the slightest bit louder, but I can't find anything along that line. It bothers me how low the volume is, the only way I can hear a person is by putting them on speaker which is not always appropriate.I love the phone overall. Its easy to use and a great size. It's a good look but it has plenty flaws, to tell you the truth generally I'm pretty disappointed with LG, I know they could have done better! I wouldn't have paid the money I did if I knew how much it could have been improved.

I've had my LG Octane for about 2 years now and it's still working great. It's great for texting, has great phone call quality, etc. I haven't really had a problem with it yet. Like all old phones, my phone does shut off on its own from time to time if I accidentally press the keys really hard (on the internal keyboard) but that problem happens often on all "old" phone (phones tend to be made to last 2 or so years anyway). I'm very happy with my phone and would recommend it to anyone =)

My daughter loves her new phone.  We downgraded from a blackberry to get rid of the data plan she had and never used.  However after two days, her friend wanted to look at her phone and it slipped out of her hand and scratched up her brand new phone.  I held the phone and it is VERY slippery.  We are researching covers as this is terrible.  A brand new phone scratched.  Otherwise she loves the phone but is very bummed about the new scratches.

I have had the LG Octane through Verizon for 10 months.  I am now on my third phone, having had two of them have the memory lock up on me.I only have less than 100 contacts on the phone.  I do not use the phone for pictures, music, ringtones, etc.But after about 4 months of usage, the LG Octane will lock up, and the phone's internal memory will be full.  At this point, it doesn't matter what you delete, nothing changes.  The only function remaining is dialing and receiving calls.Verizon's solution both times was to attempt to sell me a $40 memory card. WHY SHOULD I HAVE TO BUY A MEMORY CARD FOR BASIC USAGE OF THIS PHONE AS IT IS SOLD???I would NEVER recommend this phone.

I hate this phone.  Nothing is intuitive and it's difficult and cumbersome to use.  It is truely a dumb phone.  It's a major step back from my sony-eriksson phones from a few years ago.Hardware: difficult to type.  camera is pretty good but screen stinks.Software: Horrible.  Nothing is intuitive.  This takes dumb to a new level.  If I were Verizon, I'd be embarrassed for selling me this phone.  Difficult to find numbers; difficult to read texts; difficult to reply to texts.  HORRIBLE.Sound quality: Horrible through the ear piece.  Many people sound muffled or distorted.

I'm not a fancy phone person, and I'm not a "can't live without my phone" kinda gal. Overall, I like this phone. I like having the standard 10-key on the front, as well as the qwerty keyboard inside (although thumb nails have to be short in order to use). My complaint, though, is that it's freezing up, sometimes even stalling. I've had it for probably for only three months, and I noticed it first probably a few weeks after I bought it. It just suddenly froze, kinda like a computer, and nothing would bring it back to life. The screen was just frozen. Even holding down the power button doestn't shut if off - I have to take out the battery. Sometimes it freezes WHILE I'm actually shutting it down. I've noticed it now "stalling" for a few seconds while going through menus or messages. Yesterday it refused to send a text and I had to pull the battery out to get it to fix itself. I like this little fellah, but I'm starting to wonder if this is going to continue getting worse, until I'm stuck with spending money on another phone...when this one is still so new. My suggestion: lets just all revolt against cell phones and stop living our lives through them. Then we wont have to worry about them not working. =)

I like it works well no problems with echo like some reviews i read here and the other party have no problems hearing me. I like the full size keyboard when you flip it open versus the half size keyboard on those slide out keyboard models the only negative thing is maximum volume level on ringer is about 20% less than my old LG ENV3 when it rings however i can still hear it(i am 55 yrs old) my suggestion is turn ringer(max.) and vibration on so if you are in a noisy place at least you could feel the vibration in your pocket if you cannot hear it. Battery life is good 4 to 5 days between charges(i do turn off phone before i go bed). I do like the 3.2 Meg pixels camera for excellent pictures for phone that is.  yes i do recommend this phone to others

ARRRGGGG!!! I swear I researched this phone before I bought it, but that didn't do me much good.  The reviews were mixed, but that is the case with so many cell phones.  I wanted a phone that didn't require me to have the internet because I'm not that tech savvy and didn't need it.  This was just one of two phone choices that Verizon offers (other than a flip phone that comes with a nerdy belt holder) for people like me.  The texting on this phone is UNBEARABLE.  There's no way to have your text messages categorized by inbox and outbox so I can no longer delete all outgoing messages - I have to just erase them one by one or delete all the messages on my phone at once (in/out/draft).  It also makes it hard to follow a conversation.The video and camera on this phone are so bad.  The sound on the video is odd - it sounds like there is water running in the background.  The picture quality for pictures or video is terrible and when I send video or pic messages no one can really make out the image well - it's very blurry.  The sound on the phone is not good - I am forever having people tell me they can't hear me.  I get dropped calls all the time now and NEVER had dropped calls before.  I live in a major city so it's not that there aren't enough towers around.  This phone belongs in a toilet because it's a piece of crap.  I rarely give a negative review but I'd like to save anyone else from wasting their time buying a piece of garbage phone like this.  Now I am stuck with this thing for another year and a half.  My last phone was FANTASTIC and I would have kept it forever but it was so old it wore out :(  You can find a much better phone that this - go ahead and splurge for the internet phones because I think companies are really only pooling their resources into those phones.  Phones w/out internet are a dying breed.  This one is the last nail in the coffin for me.

I returned the first LG Octane within a couple of days because of complaints from the person on the other end hearing echoes. The echo was confirmed by a Verizon technician. I brought the phone back for a replacement. So far no complaints but I have not made many calls with the second octane. I have read similar reviews regarding echoes with this cell phone.I hope for the best because I like the phone. Bought the snap on cover for protection which is cool, however if you have large fingers as I do be careful with the keypads symbols along the edges. As for the Verizon tech. support guy, he was very professional and fair.

I hate this phone! I've had it 3 months and the front screen is broken, its impossible to go through my messages because it has to spend 3 seconds on EVERY message! Sometimes I don't even get my messages! So many problems its honestly not worth it.

I bought this phone because my Windows Mobile 6.2 phone was slowly dying. I needed a phone that I could put my home made ringtones on, has a full QWERTY keypad that isn't awful, and a good battery life, all with no data plan. This is it! They keypad is nice, but the buttons are a little hard to press compared to my old phone. The user interface is very easy to understand for the most part; just the standard Verizon OS. You can transfer your contacts from just about anywhere.I plan to get the new iPhone when it comes out, and this phone with my iPod Touch will do quite nicely in the meantime. I would recommend this over all the other Verizon phones for someone who wants a full keypad with no data plan.

I got this phone through verizon wireless.  I really should have purchased it off this website cause it looks like I would have saved a ton of money.  The phone is great to use to place calls and text or play games even.  I love that you can access facebook, espn, bing, youtube, cnn and many other channels.  However, try as I might, the phone won't let me update to facebook for LG so that I can browse faster.  I can still browse stuff, but now whenever I click to view something on facebook I have to move the cursor to the top of the screen and back down again to read posts and updates which sucks.  I've had a few dropped calls, but not too many.  I keep mine in my pocket and I keep the rubber shell on it to keep it from getting scratched or breaking.  Great phone, but I know I can get something better out there.

And I'm not a guy. Speakers are excellent. Interface is intuitive. It's chrome and black. And for my first txting phone: I can text 10 times faster. The only problem I have had, and its more of an occupational hazard, is that when my phone is in my scrubs I've dialed someone once in the 6 months I've had it. Granted, I had pens and highlighters in the same pocket.If your looking for a 1 cent txting phone, look no further, this phone is awesome.

Pros:-VERY long battery life (almost a whole week for me!)-Easy to text on-Good quality sound-User friendly for all abilities but still fun for those who are more "talented" in the electronics sense-Lightweight and small enough to fit fully in pocket-Good graphics-Great Camera w/ flash-Great Alarm Clock!Cons:-A Tiny Bit of Echo, but it doesn't bother me...

I have had the phone a few weeks now, enough time to get use to it. Mostly I like the phone. It's the upgrade from the Envy 3 I had which I was completey happy with keeping other than it was a little abused. The Octane will not allow you to search for recents calls from the front screen. It will only display the most recent missed call. Another draw back I find is accessing the items in tools that are numbered 10 and above. You have to scroll to it instead of punching in the item number otherwise the phone prompts for a voice command. A little glitch in this design for sure. Key board keys are all flat, not as nice as the Envy 3. Typical ringer volume issue is a common complaint,could definately be better designed.  Overall I like the quality and reliability I have had with the LG phones,so I keep returning. It's a sleek slim phone that fits great in my pocket which I really like.

Out of all the phones I have ever had this one will always be my favorite. I had it for two years, and the only reason I got rid of it was because I moved over seas. The Octane is super easy to use, and very durable. It has been in the ocean, in the toilet, taken a shower, been stepped on by horses, and left out in the rain, and still survived to the last day. It also holds a charge for a long time, and I used to only have to charge it about once a week. Overall a great phone.

I will begin with the phone's strongest points: it doesn't dial from my pocket.  But while I can  hear this phone ringing from my desk at the other end of the house, the only tone I can reliably hear from my pocket is 'new 'voicemail'.This phone has re-introduced me to my landline: strong, clear, strong voice quality that this cell cannot produce.  I've spoken to Verizon numerous times about this, but the result is ultimately the same: people I talk with say that the volume is weak; the sound quality is often described as fuzzy.  I am surprised that cell phone manufacturers cannot, after all these years, get things right.The txt keyboard is fatally flawed:  without a bump on each key to use as a guide, thumbs often fall in the never-never-land between keys, resulting in errors.  This is my first phone with a keyboard for txt-ing, and a definite learning experience for me.The UI is, in a word, clunky; in two words its not intuitive. In three words it's 'old cell phone'.  I think there was an attempt to come up with a UI that looks more like a smart phone.  Unfortunately, it is grafted onto an old-fashioned cell-phone.  The smartphone-like menu items often lead to extra-cost options.There you have it.  An attractive looking cell phone to be sure, but with the advent of smartphones, it's only a matter of time before old-style cell phones like this one are a thing of the past.

If you're like me and are torn between getting an LG Cosmos 2 or an LG Octane(nowadays, the number of basic phones out there is extremely limited), read this review.I already have an iTouch, so I was looking for a basic phone that makes phone calls and texts, that's it - and nowasdays unfortunately,there isn't much out there since Verizon's goal is to sell you a "smart" phone to make you pay them more each month.I first originally purchased the LG Cosmos 2.  I liked everything about that little phone, but the keyboard was small compared to the LG Octane,so I went ahead and exchanged my Cosmos 2 for the Octane.BIG MISTAKE.  Let me give you a list (pros and cons seem to work well for cell phone reviews):CONS:-small and wider than your other basic phones, making it hard to hold up to your ear.-absolutely horrible voice quality (I talk on the phone more than I text).  I found myself having to talk very loudly as well as repeat myself all the time to enable the person on the other line to hear me clearly.  I am not a loud talker and do not expect others to hear what I am saying on my cell phone while out in public.-missed so many calls because the speakers are on the INSIDE of the phone when closed.  How retarded is this?  I downloaded a louder ringtone and had the volume as high as possible, and it's still silent.  The sound is very, very low.-THE KEYBOARD.  It looks nice and roomy and easy to text on....NOPE.  The keyboard is so damn flat (there's no space between the keys) that you end up pressing the button next to the one you originall wanted to - and I do not have big fingers at all.-and the biggest con of them all........you have to hold the phone horizontally and use both hands in order to go through your settings and other menus.  You are unable to browse through all of your features from the front of the phone.  It's extremely limiting and annoying because you need to have the phone opened from the side in order to do anything more than call or text.PROS:-looks cool-seems ok for texting - NOT for calls.Luckily, Verizon was nice enough to give me back my Cosmos 2that was still in the back since they didn't ship it back because I hated the Octane within 1 day.I see there are many great reviews on this piece of crap, and I realize differentpeople like different things in a cell phone - many people hate the Cosmos 2, but I love it.My mom for instance hated the Cosmos 2 and exchanged it for an Octaneand every time I talk to her on the phone, she's always breaking up.With my LG Cosmos 2, you can do EVERYTHING on the front display,you can actually hear the phone ring, people can hear me on the other line,it's small but not too small - it's perfect for me.Why someone would like such a limiting phone that has horrible voice quality that you can't even hear ring is beyond me.

First of all, keep in mind that most people who take the time to write a review are going to be unhappy with the phone.  I really really wanted to love it.  I talked to the sales lady at Best Buy upon returning the phone, and she said that they have sold a lot of them, but I was one of the few who brought it back.  They don't get any sort of kickback from Verizon, so I feel she was being honest.I got this phone to update my Lg EnV2, which I loved.  I just wanted something a little newer with a tad easier keys to text on.  I also didn't want to pay for the data plan.  This phone is awesome for texting.  If you are primarily going to be texting on it, then you probably won't be disappointed with it.  The keys are large and easy to use and there is easy access to all the symbols, unlike my EnV2.  It had some updates that I liked over the EnV2, such as key placement and message threading.  It also has an awesome camera for a non-smart phone.Here are the problems that I noticed with it (I used it for close to one month):1.  There was a constant hissing sound in the background of ALL calls.  I thought that maybe I was being picky, and you heard that with all cell phones and I was just used to it on my old phone, but after trading to the EnV3, I realized that this is not the case.  Occasionally during longer conversations, the hissing sound would "click off" (there would literally be some sort of soft click) and I thought that I had lost the call, but suddenly it was crystal clear.  If this was the only problem, then I think I would have lived with it2.  The problem that I couldn't live with was the issue with the volume.  While talking on the phone, the volume would suddenly shoot up to full volume.  Despite the volume bars visually going down to nothing, the volume was still at full blast.  I actually had to hang up because I couldn't talk like that.  I thought this was a one time thing, or that I was doing something wrong, but it happened at least once a week.  I looked on some phone forums, and found that this was a common, reported problem with the Octane.  This led me to trading in the phone.3.  It would not work with more than one memory card that I put into it.  I also had this problem with the EnV2, and apparently, that was a known problem with the EnV2, but I don't know about the Octane.4.  I found the outside number keys to be too tiny.  (I am on the petite side and have pretty small fingers, so it's not lik I am used to having that problem). They put on a bigger outside display, which is nice, but I actually wanted to use it as a phone, believe it or not!  The EnV2 and 3 have much bigger dialing keys.5.  The occasional echo problem.  This is one that I read about prior to getting the phone.  This was actually not a big problem, and I only heard it on a handful of phone calls (I actually had this with my EnV2, but only when I talked to people on the AT&T; network)I ended up getting the EnV3, which sadly enough is being discontinued.  I decided to pay for the data plan, and am actually very satisfied with the EnV3.  I have not experienced any of the problems as I did with the Octane.I really feel like cell phone companies are heavily pushing their more expensive Smart Phones with the top data plans and have dropped the ball on the other phones for people who don't want all the bells and whistles.  There were no other phones that had the quality of the EnV2 available (I also tried the Samsung Intensity 2 for a day-a little plasticy, but I just didn't feel like adjusting to the tinier keyboard.  This is overall a decent phone and my mom loves it.)So, there you go, 3 phone reviews in one!

I had high hopes for this phone based on previous reviews and what else was available out there for Verizon non-data required phones (not much).  I purchased two phones, one for my wife and one for myself and have had different problems with each.  The first two phone calls I made on mine ended up being dropped calls (I have not had any dropped calls with my previous two phones with Verizon).  After a few weeks now, the camera on my wife's phone will not initialize and doesn't function.  Also, the battery life is horrid.  I find myself charging these phones every couple of days.  Very disappointing!

I did all the research on which Feature Phone to get with Verizon since my family was switching. It was between this and the Cosmos Touch. We all went with this beast and I bought us all cases and screen protectors. The buttons are easy to type with, the stereo speakers are loud and perfect for playing all my MP3s. I've been converting some nifty videos to watch through my 32gb micro sd card since the screen is a good size and again the stereo speakers are a plus. I bought a bunch of 2.5 to 3.5 speaker adapters off amazon for less than $3 a peice so no biggy on the size of the output. I've never had a phone that could use gif images as its background so thats definitely unique. I can use all my ringtones from phonezoo for calling or text messages. I've only ever had one phone that has individual text tones for each of your contacts but thats not a problem. The only thing I did not really like is that you can't have folders separating your Media which messes with my OCD but I've gotten used to it. The camera takes good pictures at a high resolution and the camcorder's video is sharp as well. The texting is so easy on this phone and it doesn't take forever to read the messages like some other joker was saying on here. I rarely use the phone for voice calls but I usually have it open and on speaker, it sounds perfect that way or just using the outside all old-school like. I don't know if these other crtics are technologically challenged or are just getting defective phones but I am loving this phone. All in all this is an awesome phone and would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to be entrapped into this new data plan craze the wireless companies are trying to force people to get. I mean who doesn't already pay for internet at their own home? Internet on your phone? How lazy are we getting that we can't sit down at a computer and look up what we need?

Perfect phone,text well, stays charged for a week at least.I have really enjoyed my phone.Ring tone was my only complaint till i went to phone zoo and received a tone i could hear. Now i am a happy man. I suggest this phone to any man ! great for text and calls

This is a decent phone for a feature phone. Its not amazing, but its not awful either.Pros:-Easy to navigate and use-Comfortable to handle-Does not turn off or on when in a pocket or purse-Does not pocket dial when in a pocket or purse-Can use your own music as ringtones stored on a MicroSD card-QWERTY keyboardCons:-Internal keyboard too flat- makes it hard to distinguish buttons from one another-Messages are threaded but the complete message does not show at once unless it is very short. Means an extra click to read the full message if the first 2 lines don't jog your memory.Would I buy it again when this one dies? Probably not. But it'll do for now. I use it primarily for texting (3000+ texts a month) and rarely for talking (less then 2 hours a month).

I needed a new phone (upgrading from the Motorola z6tv). I wanted to keep a feature phone and not do a smart phone. I started to get a phone with a touch screen, but after looking at them in person, I decided a touch screen is not a good idea for someone with a 5mo baby that grabs at everything.I've had the phone for a couple of weeks now.Pros:I was easily able to transfer all my contacts, photos, and ring tones using a bluetooth link.The threading of txt messages by contact.The option of using a bigger interior screen.Even with the adding thickness of a keyboard, the phone still is just barely thicker than my z6tv and only a little taller. Not nearly as bulky as I was expecting.Good talk quality.Cons:The phone can unlock on its own while being jostled around a purse; however, adding a key lock code fixes that. A key lock code is a little annoying when txting but better than purse dialing (you don't have to enter it when answering a phone call). If txting back and forthI liked the hardware switch for key locking on my z6tv.Aside: My overall experience using Amazon Wireless for this purchase was pretty painless & easy. I would recommend using them.

I've only had the phone for a few days, but I really like it. Easy to use and the keys are not too small for my thumbs. Call clarity is great (not sure what the echo is that others mentioned) and texting is very easy. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I could text from either keyboard. I couldn't find that in any review before I bought the phone and it is a nice feature. Battery life seems to be better than my old LG VX8360 which would die after 2 days in the black hole that is my workplace.The display is bright and clear and the camera works very well. Pictures are sharp and the camera is easy to use.I don't know about Internet on this phone because I bought it to use as a phone. I have 3 computers at home for Internet.

We really liked this phone for the two screens, keyboard and overall use as a texting phone. Except for two problems.1) She would send me a text message with emoticons.  The emoticons wouldn't show up on my phone (Blackberry).  Apparently the emoticons use some Verizon protocol that not all other phones support.  Very sad.2) After doing about 20 text messages, whenever she would send a new text message, it would no longer save her message in the conversation thread.  It would come up with a messsage saying something like "Text message not saved, no room or messages locked". Apparently this is a known bug that has never been fixed.  You look back at the thread, and only the incoming side is there, none of her replies, except for a few from the first few days that we owned the phone.  Plenty of memory.Traded it in for a Samsung Intensity 2.

I purchased this phone for my wife about a week ago. She is absolutely computer and cell phone illiterate, so I loaded her pictures, songs, visual caller ID, contacts,etc. - generally set the phone up. Verizon's ( free download ) V Cast Media Manager made it easy.I purchased a Droid Incredible 2 for myself, and while her Octane doesn't have all the high tech bells and whistles, it is a very nice feature phone, IMO the best Feature Phone available from Verizon. It's expensive looking and very solid in the hand, QWERTY keyboard, 3.2 Mpx camera with flash, Video, etc.The external screen is pretty small, but if all you want to do is talk on the phone, it's perfectly adequate. Open it up, though, and see the Octane shine. The internal screen is decent sized, not big, but large enough to view pictures OK. We are retired and neither of us texts, but the QWERTY keyboard is not wasted - it was very easy to load up her contacts using the internal keyboard.As per previous reviewers, we made sure the " Voice Clarity " was turned off, and have had no one complain about the dreaded " Echo ". Very good coverage and talk quality. Plus the battery seems to last forever.Two issues, one major and one minor have cropped up:1. The screen locks automatically, and as delivered, it locked almost instantly, and then required 2 hits on the unlock button to unlock it. I have since changed the setting so that it takes 30 seconds to lock, and now unlocks with one tap on the unlock button. Minor issue solved.2. The major issue is the ringer - it's simply not loud enough. Turned up to max, it's still hard/impossible to hear when you're in another room of the house, or with the phone in your pocket or purse. They have put the ringer on the inside of the clamshell. Duh.I hope they come up with a solution to the ringer, but it's not a deal breaker since there is absolutely nothing else in the Verizon Feature Phone lineup that's anywhere close to the LG Octane.

I've had the LG EnV2 and EnV3 prior to this one, and as far as I'm concerned it is basically the same phone. It still occasionally shuts itself off or freezes up like the previous phones, but not nearly as often.I don't use mobile web; I use it to make calls and text, both of which it does well.The camera is decent, but just like most cell phones I've seen, the quality of the 3 megapixel camera in this phone is still not as good as the 3 megapixel cameras available 8 years ago.Overall, it's a sturdy phone with a larger QWERTY keypad, sound quality is good, battery life is excellent.

I love this phone. It has a great keyboard for texting, a high res camera with a flash, games, and doubles as an mp3/ usb mass storage device. I can read my documents and play music and videos on it. Love love love.

Tested the Octane in a Verizon store. Left myself two voice messages.The result was unimpressive. Sounds noticeably worse than both the Samsung Zeal and the old non-touch LG cosmos.The sound was slightly digitized and "hazy". It was not as bad as the heavily digitized sound of the cheap Kyocerra s4000, but still below average.Tested both with and without voice quality and even upgraded firmware. There was no noticeable change. This phone sounds below average.Can not comment on the echo issue since it is not present with voicemails.The microphone location is indeed rather strange. It is hidden inside between the two flaps. Seems sound was not first priority during the design process.The phone was quite buggy before the firmware update. To my amazement the keyboard locked automatically *while* I was browsing through the menus.

I almost pulled the trigger on a smart phone. Spent 5 weeks with a Droid RAZR and absolutely loved the phone. Used every feature and loved the fit and finish. But in 5 weeks I only used 70 MB of data, and that was just because of testing features. 99% of the time I was on WIFI.  I would have been using less than 50mb/mo of data, but would have had to pay $240/yr for it. If VZW had a $10/mo 100 MB data plan, I might have kept it. But I'm glad I didn't. A touchscreen only phone is too hard for me to use. I need to be able to work the phone without looking at it.  And all the programs ended up being distractions.The LG Octane is perfect for me. I don't text but the qwerty keyboard is great for entering and editing contacts. I'm 6'3" and the keys are still easy for me to use.  Plus the stereo speakers when it is flipped open are great for music and as a desktop speakerphone.  And in the closed position, this is a traditional candy bar phone that you could use blindfolded.  Sound quality of calls and the music player is excellent. Not sure what all the complaints about echo are about, but I haven't experienced it, and the sound is as good as the RAZR and much better than my old Samsung flip. Bluetooth is awesome- I can go upstairs to the other end of my home and still be connected. Even the camera is decent- nothing special but does the job. I am very picky about cell phones- declining hearing and shaky fingers mean I need it to sound clear and be easy to use.The Octane is an amazing phone for those who don't want/need a full data option, and has email and a rudimentary browser for occasional use.  I'm getting a Samsung Galaxy 5" MP3 player to replace the Android functions from the RAZR.  But I'll only use it when I'm not at work, and I won't have to worry about getting a work phone call on my vacation while using it. Don't know how much longer these feature phones will be available.  Several sites have the Octane at one cent with a contract renewal.  I'd grab one while you can.

Just got this for my son for Christmas, thank goodness we decided to open, charge and initialize the phone on the network prior to the big day is all I can say.  Can't get the battery cover off.  Seriously.  I tried, the hubby tried, we literally are afraid we'll break it if we apply any more pressure, and we tried light pressure too.  We are NOT mechanically challenged.  Case is very sleek, you can't get any traction on it, your fingers slide.  This is the dumbest thing I've ever encountered.  The battery case is so thin that it really bends when you push where indicated on the raised indicator, and still no go.  So now we've got to go back to a store...  Just the stupidest thing I've ever seen.  My blackberry (ok save the BB insults), has a latch, easy to depress and then the cover snaps off.  This thing by contrast is flimsy.  I do not like the texting keyboard.  Keys very flat, and the spacebar isn't big enough.  Keys are large, but are so recessed you cannot almost feel any separation between them.  YUCK.

I bought this phone to replace my expensive iPhone. I love this phone and can not recommend it to enough people. The texting on it is amazing and you can read your conversations in a thread. It has the best call quality and it gets service everywhere. I am really happy that I paid for this cell phone. The operating system is very clean and customizable. I do not use the internet or full features of the phone. I mainly call and text, but this is what this phone is really made for. If your looking for face booking and doing tons of other things. Then you should purchase an iPhone.

I got hooked on the NV series from LG. Have had a NV2 and NV3. So at first glance this naturally looked like the next progression to those phones, if slightly less rugged and more girly looking. I mainly use my phone as a stand alone music player, games, texting and making a couple calls here and there. So I really don't want a data plan. But this phone compared to the NV3 doesn't hardly  compare. First a couple chief complaints. For gaming this phone has noticeably worse pixelation and is far more laggy. This could be due to it using outdated media software *compared to say samsung intensity II* that won't update. The sound quality licks the big one compared to both NV's. *playing with the sound effects is no longer fun. leave on flat or it sounds like a rabid cat trying to get out of a subwoofer that's emitting feedback.* And lastly small issue overall but they CHANGED THE KEYS lol. so yea the key configuration that made PERFECT SENSE and I got used to in the NVs is now garbage and senseless. *look at an NV3 and make an o_O face. See...it makes sense. Now try that on this...* The way the messages come in is obnoxious too, but I got kinda used to that. Though there is insane lag in opening messages and browsing them which is a HUGE problem. I mean NV3 had some serious issues with lag and random shutdowns and battery consumption. This phone has that all way worse. There is no good thing for my uses I found in this phone. But if you find one cheap, don't need to do much with it, and don't mind people like me laughing at you for having it buy it.-This one may not be exclusive to this phone...but the facebook widget doesn't allow enough characters to type my password. I have a 12 char. pass it allows 11 char.- weird though...

I've only had this phone one week but so far, I love it. I upgraded from the LG EnV ... which I had for 3 yrs (at least). My contract had expired and my carrier kept sending me reminders to upgrade. But I loved my EnV, it was perfect, and I didn't want to upgrade! Until last week that is. The "Pwr/END" key stopped working on the face of the phone. Let me preclude that by saying, the "Pwr/End" key on the inside keyboard had konked out about 5 months ago. So here I was, unable to end a call (the "clear" key doesn't work). I had to wait for the person I was talking to, to hang up first ... and if I called someone and their VM picked up, I would need to leave a message and pop the battery off in order to hang up! I couldn't deal with that anymore so I had to part with my beloved phone. And into my life, came the Octane. So far, it reminds me of the EnV, which makes me happy. It's sturdy, the clarity is great, and while I'm not a huge text fanatic- I do love the keyboard. There were a few things I needed to tweak (like my text mailbox, it didn't show an in-box or sent box) but this phone is very user friendly. Figured it all out within the first day. Happy, happy, joy, joy. I will not be bullied into a SmartPhone. I don't want a data plan. I can use my home computer for web surfing but when I'm out in public, I don't want to be anti-social. I just want a phone to make calls when needed, with the ocassional ability to text so I can remind my husband to pick up milk on the way home (although, I do believe that if you're truly determined to have web access, the Octane would allow it also)! Thanks for reading!

I bought this product even after reading mostly bad reviews. I figured I would take a chance because I really liked the way the phone looked,but it was defective right out of the box. Spent a while on the phone with a customer service rep from my phone carrier trying to get my SIM card to work. The card reader was defective so my pics and video couldn't be seen with that phone. Used my husbands phone to call it and had him answer the Octane and I could hear a terrible echo on my end. I ended up returning it the next day. Don't waste your time on this phone. I now have a Samsung Zeal and it's amazing, so easy to use right out of the box and everything is working the way it should.
