
the phone is great the only thing is that I do not recognize the battery but the phone features are very good and fast

Cheers and keep up with the good work++++++++++ THANKS, I got all my phones on time, phones look like new and I'm very,

very happy whit the product came liberate and have a lot of functions but the android its a very old version but the phone works good

I had this phone for three years, it is hard to damage, I really love it, I'm gonna miss it but it is a pretty good phone

It's a crap phone. It freezes up constantly and when it doesn't it shuts off on its own! Nice if you like getting frustrated.

I bought this product from BLUTEKUSA. I did not come with a manual or memory chip as advertised. After I complained a 2nd time I received a pamphlet that was in Spanish. Some of the direction on the phone are Spanish others are in English. The phone locks up regularly, and I have to pull the battery out at times to turn it off. This is not a good product, and I would recommend not to buy from BLUTEKUSA.

If I could leave no stars for this product I would.First, the one star, I suppose, would be for the size; it's convenient to carry in your pocket.Second, the nil stars are for:a. it is terribly slow to respond.b. on receipt, there was no media storage card included in the box so the camera, music, video, etc facilities could not be checkedc. battery life is very short; at one stage I got about 6 hours on minimal use, but it hardly ever reaches beyond 24 hours even on light used. the screen freezes; today I could NOT answer two separate incoming calls because the screen would not react to touche. the list of contacts is so slow it's un-useablef. text messages get painfully slow and even stop coming through; it's not unusual to have texts arriving 2 to 3 hours lateg. the built-in automatic clock has occasionally gone minutes fasth. it has regularly closed down by itself without warningi. it has gone into flight mode by itself, rendering it useless unless you check that normal working mode is still onj. notifications indicate there are emails in your inbox, but it takes too long to open the emails and I have never got to the stage of sending repliesI've struggled on with this Motorola (incidentally it is my first Motorola) for five months to the point where I won't bother to have it serviced to work properly because the bad experiences are so vivid.  I'd rather go and look for another phone.

Excellent phone. full recomended. motorola is great. bye this telephone and update software android. my phone is update andoid 2.2.1

this phone seemed wonderful for the 1st few minutes. then the music wud not play. then the screen freezes up. people call me and the phone does not ring or has missed calls. i receive meesages hours later.... this phone was a waste of my money. buyers beware!

The phone keeps shutting down. It's not a good data phone can't download apps. I would trade this phone in a second don't waste your time. I'm going back to my old phone till its dies.

It's slow with no current up date and powers off with out warning slow to make calls and open text messages

I opened the box, installed the battery, and then charged the phone before trying to use it. When I went to use it, I noticed the screen protector had a message from AT&T, AT&T was silk screened on the edge of the phone, there was an AT&T splash screen, and an AT&T key on the keyboard. Unlocked my eye! I tried a SIM in it from another phone that works fine, and it would not connect to any network. I could not attempt any update because the phone was forcing me to create a Motoblur account, whatever that is, before I could go any further. Screw that. Also, there was no memory card installed, and none in the box. As expected, Amazon is allowing a return, and will credit my purchase.

I would never recommend this phone to anyone. I purchased this phone a year ago. Drains the battery in 4-5 hours on stand-by. What the freak? I text, then re-send over and over to get them to go through. Phone calls have to be re-dialed up to seven times, I kid you NOT. The worst piece of cr4p I've ever owned. Next month I get my upgrade. Yes!!!!

The phone worked very well and no extra software needed to install line chip in Venezuela.  The Gps doesn't get signal on the road down here, guessing it's because of fewer coverage areas, but overall it has all the gadgets advertized.

The phone came late past the time that it was to be there. It was to be there on July 22 and got there July 29th after looking at the phone my granddaughter began to cry the phone didn't work for T-Mobile and that is the service we have. it said it had a blue tooth in it and it never came with one. The seller said that I needed to have it back by the 21st of August and I must pay for the shipping back to them even though it wasn't my fault and they advertised it as being a T-Mobile and AT&T phone. When I sent it back they refused the phone so the delivery would be late getting back to them and they wouldn't have to give my money back. They said that they gave my money back and I have yet to see it.  $98.00 that is real sad that when they can't deliver the phone on time why could they just pay for the shipping back. Cheap! I will never buy from this seller again.

Is a really good phone, a good deal for the actual price. For my mom was not a big problem use it. It comes with the android version 1.6 but i didn't update because some review thru internet says the phone get a little slow with the Androd 2.xx version, so i just prefer more speed than applications. With the applications that are available 1.6 is ok for my mom.But Motorola webpage offer the upgrade, so is not something like you need root your phone.

cant give you the full detail of my rate because I have to send the unit to Motorola so they can fix the unit. to my disappointment, I just got it and was so excited but ended up sending to the company for repair.

The cell phone works just 3 weeks, after this it lost the IMEI and does not work anymore...The backflip turn off every time...Motorola did not solve my problem, and they did not know them products.I lost 200,00... Advice look another cell phone!!Never More I will buy Motorola!

My experience with this product is fatal, the two phones came defective, constantly restart and I could enjoy these. We give away one to my wife and been a failure. At this point, my phone will not turn on, stayed on a blue screen in which the system never loads, my wife's phone still runs slow and as I said with constant reboots, in truth I lost my time and money with this product, for now I run out of phone.

well, i just got it yesterday and everything is going well...the phone works in an excellent way and it didn't take too much time to get to my country(Costa Rica).... any way at my opinion it's a great deal

Work very good ....i had no problems with it.. I have used it in different countries with no network problems..

I purchased this phone to use while I travel overseas to Countries that are Sym  Friendly, battery life is good a must get as a back up.

i bought this phone in feb. 2012, i am so unhappy with it. it turns on and off by it self, it is very slow to retrieve, and now am unable to click some of the buttons on it. i am very disappointed because i could have spent that money for a better phone.sometimes it freezes up, which i understand most touch screens have that problem, but i hardly uses the phone, because am so unhappy, if i listen music the battery will die the same time. i just hate hate this phone i wasted my money

&eacute;ste tel&eacute;fono es f&aacute;cil de usar, muy pr&aacute;ctico, el teclado resulta muy &uacute;til y de tama&ntilde;o apropiado y ligero, la c&aacute;mara saca excelentes fotos y la calidad de video es muy buena!posee todas las bondades del sistema android, aunque es algo lento y a veces se cuelga cuando usas aplicaciones como whatssap.A mi punto de vista deberia venir con el cable de corriente mas largo, asi como incluir aud&iacute;fonos y manos libres!

I got this cell for my mom as a gift. She has t-mobile and It's a little tricky to figure out at the beginning because its asking for a certain connection but overall it works good phone. I would buy it again.

this Is a good product, it is kind of slow because of it being a older type of phone, but overall it is a good product to have,another thing,to take pictures you should have a micro SD card, the phone does not come with it inside the package, so I strongly recommend for you to buy it as soon as possible.

Low battery (30-35 hours max), Android 1.5 Version (Although can be upgraded to 2.1, which I havnt done yet).These are the 2 negative point you can take into consideration b4 buying these cell phone.Otherwise, its a good Android device, with nice touchscreen. Also, a UNIQUE Backtrakc Touchpad behind screen to navigate.Overall, value for what you pay..

Costumers is responsible, product arrive time established. Item arrive very good, thanks. The store is good, I'm happy with the smarphoneRegards

Didn't care for this device but, i kept it and are now back to my net ten phone. The screen it  to sensitive, it shuts off in the middle of calls, the back light cut off in unsuspected ways, and the phone it's as big as it looks. An it charges when it wants to instead of when I need it to. So, not a great phone and wouldnt recommend this one to anyone that needs a nice phone with not problems for 80-90 bucks.

This phone works great for me. i am an avid texter and the Motorola backflip gets the job done. The apps work just fine on it and the battery life is to be expected of a smart phone.

when i read about the product it send unlocked and compatible w/ at&t & t-mobile but thats not true once i put my t-mobile sim card in it saids phone needs to be unlocked and it wont take my ccarrier

The cell-phone was delivered on-time. The attached backflip to this cell doesn't meet the description requirements. The printed text in the book is blind, looked like as copied text. The mentioned direction names do not match the real version of the cell-phone.Besides that, the cell-phone cannot connect with Bluetooth equipment. Researching in Internet, I found out other people have the same problem. It makes me believe the quality of cell-phone are not good.I am still thinking about my possibility to return this cell-phone.

I have had the Motorola BackFlip for about 2 years.  I would love to purchase a new phone however funds are limited.  The phone worked well for about 3 months.  It shuts off whenever it wants and it freezes all the time.  Force close messages all the time.  My advice to anyone looking into purchasing a backflip is to do research.  The update for it does not work.  You can not use alot of applications because of that.  I can say one good thing about the phone is it is durable.  Mine still looks like it just came out of the box.  Other than that I have nothing good to say about this phone. The touch screen works when it feels like it.  I can only make calls when the phone cooperates.  And if you have too many apps like more than 5 it slows the phone down tremendously.  Do your research before purchasing.

Freezes often, battery life low, otherwise I have no problem with it. I only bought it as a temporary phone but for 200 bucks, I still expected something more.

Good dayThe phone works well, but I cant do any up dates to it or install apps. However I can go on facebook and gmail. But you service was well done.

This is one of the best cell phone/camera combinations of a camera of 3.0mp or less.I buy it again in a heart beat.Get on the phone!I myself have an LG BL40 with a 5.0mp/Super and my wife has an Motorola Electrify 2 with an 8mp/Super.PanamaChris

excellent and very versatile phone with slide out keyboard the only thing is that its speed is seriously affected if you install many applications and it gets slow. but ultimately it is very good phone

This is a great product. It is small, yet has a larger screen then expected. It has Motorola's imfamous Motoblur, which, may I say, is awesome, and it arrived so fast that Amazon said it hadn't even been shipped yet. Seriously. That happened. Lol! Battery life is great, and experiencing this phone is quite frankly amazing. It includes access to the Android Market, which has thousands of great apps (not redundant ones like Apple's Appstore has, with repeats of the same thing over and over, which is the reason they have millions of apps), and it has a brilliant screen even though the resolution isn't HD like Apple iPhone's "Retina" display. The three touch-sensitive buttons at the lower front of the phone are completely responsive, and it has a great 5MP camera for the average user. It also films digital video for those greater moments in life, and it has a great browser. This phone is upgradable to Google's Android 2.1 OS, which allows you other great new features. It has a GPS that I haven't been able to use yet, but I've heard that it works great. It came in great packaging that was so protective that you could've thrown it off of a 200ft cliff and it wouldn't have done one thing to the contents inside. The box contained in the packaging is small and doesn't impact the environment as much as other older designs, and it also has a unique form to it. The keyboard isn't nearly as bad as it's cracked up to be on YouTube, and it is also very large and special in design. The MicroSD card slot is very easy to operate with a small switch to prevent it from sliding out, and it is hassle-free. If you have $200, I would definitely get this phenominal phone. The only better ones that I can think about that are better then this, are the Droid series, but you will end up paying hundreds of dollars more for those than this bargain. So if you have the money, buy this Motorola MB300 Backflip 3G Android Phone with a 5MP camera, Wi-Fi, GPS Mavigator and Bluetooth. This is also the international version with the warranty, which makes this deal even better.

The Motorola MB300 is good phone for the price you are paying.  Please don't expect it to be like an iPhone, although it has a lot of functionality that will amazed you, and also it got Android.  On the down side you need to set up a Motoblur account for you to be able to use the phone.

I have always been into Samsung phones, and recently my Samsung Galaxy 4gS just broke, and my friend suggested I get a Motorola phone, and I love it!The battery life is great, and the touch screen responds fast. It's light, and petite, and I love it.

Excellent cell phone. Although it's needed a sd card to use its camera but the software is amazing. So easy to use, so complex to show.

Definitely worth the price and works like its supposed to.  This phone is not for someone looking for a good smartphone.  Its good for making calls and serves its dual Sim purpose, nothing more nothing less.

bought the phone in september  not its not working what a waste of money not satisfied  wish i could get a new one in return

I bought this phone for my brother as I had purchased one for myself. However when the phone arrived it was so not what I had expected. There are many apps that cannot be downloaded on the phone as it comes with OS Cupcake and not the upgraded version of Eclair like the other phone I had bought. Also the the phone used a latin american company called movistar as its main carrier. I wouldn't buy this phone for anyone. The page needs to specify the exact features of this phone and not the one copied from another site.

Llegaron los celulares a mis manos, revise las cajas e inmediatamente su contenido; y, alli estaban, los celulares con sus accesorios sin novedades, los probe y todo estaba ok. Recomiendo su compra a traves de la tienda.

The phone was rated Very Good and wasn't.The paint was all worn and flaked.The flip part would flip but not shut.The battery cover would not stay shut anymore.

This a terrible phone I do not recommend it. It started acting up the first time I used it. It kept calling the previous person I called about 15 time. I kept using the phone and it is so slow. I only used this phone for 4 months before it started restarting randomly. Now it restarts at least 10 min after I turn it on that is why I got a new phone. Hope this helpedThank you for reading

I bought a bad one. I had this phone before, it never cut off and on the way this one does. Not good.

I got two of these on for my husband and myself.  I liked it the first few days then the trouble began.  It would reboot itself constantly, battery drain was the worse I have ever seen.  It would also make random calls with out anyone touching it. \I had to drive all day yesterday and keep it on the car charger just so the battery would stay charged.  During my travels it was extremely;y unreliable, worked when it felt like it and wouldn't dial out or kept rebooting when it wanted to.

Super happy with my new phone, works great.Service was fast and reliable. I recomended the service to everyoneThanks alot

Interface is not intuitive and not easy to use especially if you are new to Android touch screen phones. Photo and video will not function without micro SD card. Motoblur must be set up to use all of this smartphones features. Scrolling is very sensitive and requires patience to master. This Motorola smartphone was AT&T first Android Google phone first released in May 2010 for over $400 retail. The phone comes with Android 1.5 OS which can be updated to 2.1. Upgrading to 2.1 is easy, however there are numerous technical problems which will probably occur. Before you upgrade make sure you understand potential problems and how to correct.

I received the phone and it kept shutting off and the battery, without wifi connected was dying after about three hours with NO activity. I had to keep the phone plugged in most of the time.  I returned it.

I purchased this phone for my fiance' who resides in Jamaica.  I recieved the phone 2 days prior to my trip there so that I could personally give him the phone.  The next day he started having problems with the speaker on the phone and there was a lot of static.  Then the next week it got worse including the dial screen not working properly.  I would like to return the phone in exchange for a new one that works properly with all shipping cost covered.

good evening, first I want to know if this cell is connected to a 3G network? second, if the answer is yes, the band used is the same as at & t (1900)?, need to buy a cell phone to connect 3G in the band 1900 only, is the band that uses my mobile provider in Venezuela, grateful for the information you can give me, excuse the English, but translated it in google, ;-) jajajajajajaja thanks

Bought this for my mom as a late christmas present. This is a good phone:The camera is awesome falsh works awesome! You can take pics in the pitch dark!The sound is nice...The qwerty board is a plus!The wifi is great it connects fast and from a fair distance.Because the camera is on the qwerty board which opens and close you can take self shots :-)The screen is a little to small for my likings to surf the web but its functional and I have no complaints with my young eyes but i think its a little too small for my mum.When I first wrote the review I said that there is no WAP I feel so silly kml. When I purchased the data package/ EDGE I didnt turn the phone off and back on like the carriers reccomend. I was soo excited to get the EDGE on for her I forgot about that step LOL. So i was thinking the phone does not work with the EDGE and only work with WiFI!!! How silly was I?! I felt bad and ordered me a Motorola Atrix for $180 and planned on giving my mom my Motorola DEFY!!! So in atcuality for my supidity I ended up paying $180 unecessarily!!! I was so angry yesterday when i found out kml. N e way look out for my review on the Atrix, I cant wait until it reach! I love these Motorola phones oh and what I noticed from my Defy and this Backflip to set up the MotoBlur I beleive you have to be in wifi connection. I figured out the setup on my own with my Defy but my mom wasnt able to figure hers out so she had to wait until i visited her the next day to get her sorted out.Google Market store is also good. I added a few cool games for my mom. Over all its a super good phone! especially for first timmers.

Got this for my son now my lil girl wants one!!! It's not to big or too small they love it.

It's an AT&T phone that works fine on my TMobile network. the only issues I've had so far are:  trying to connect to yahoo IM, it's telling me the server is busy, and synching all my contacts, as in Facebook and phone contacts.  That's not really a big deal because I didn't need everyones phone number from fb anyways, it was convenient for photos and such.  Great phone, works well, loving the Motoblur.

I had a good expirience buying this phone. I didnt have any problems and i got it on time. very good service

The merchandise was reflected their description; and i love it.Keep up doing the good job, i'll come back soon for a next purchese.

i ever regretted buying this phone for that amount.i only use it for two weeks,it started hanging,its not even compatible with tmobile network...stop faking buyers on this website..

I love it. Easy to use and good features. i will recommend it to anyone who want phone to buy this type. Thank you

I bought two of these phones and only one works (for while?). Another one goes into boot loop. Just to cannibalize...

The phone is a good item all functions very complete the unique thing I dislike is the unavilibity of applications like games and other free complements

owned this phone for a couple years. got mine through att but it is very durable, I work for a utility co. so i dig ditches fix water lines and run heavy equipment. just about a month ago i was fixing an 8 inch water line and it broke and drenched me from head to toe and both my backflip and my work phone (which is a samsung slider from verizon) got wet, my verizon phone quit working but my backflip still works. i have dropped it on concrete many times and gotten mad and thrown it across the room and still works fine. I upgraded the droid software about a year ago and it did slow it down but don't notice any more.  it does reset itself from time to time. the app store is easy and i am constantly on the internet with it. the touch pad on back is a great idea but i use it very seldomely. Usually when on sites where my fat fingers keep hitting the wrong link. i would give it to my daughter but dont want to start her a data plan yet. it does have its flaws but i like the way you can customize the screens the way you want. i watch a lot of youtube videos and that will kill a battery very quickly. but if you don't use the phone all day the battery will last about two days. and the keyboard is nice but usully i just use the on screen keyboard. its more of an entry level droid but still a great phone.I like it better than my wifes iPhone 3gs. it has a better camera with flash. the screen isnt as smooth but i have had to replace her iphone screen twice and mine still works like a champ.

I gave this to my daughter and she loves it. the phone has a touchpad on the back of the screen which i did not know about. This and the foldout keyboard greatly enhance the phones functionality. very good phone for the price.

A total dissappointment! Spuratically self power cycles sometimes 4&5 times in a row! Way small screen, bad design, extreemly slow. 5 MP can with flash is best thing about it.

Received the phone as promised. Thats the only good thing I can say for the phone. Phone is set up for AT&T. I use T-Mobile. All the pre loaded applications were for AT&T so none worked for me. I couldn't delete any of the app's and I couldn't download any. The contacts list woluld only show a history, not my contacts which I tried to load. Occasionally the contact list would pop-in. I never figured out what I did to reteive it, it just appeared magically when it wanted.  The only things I could do with the phone was to send and receive phone calls. I paid $147.00 dollars for somewhat of a smartphone that would only do what my five year old basic cell phone already does. I'm sending it back to Amazon, thankfully they are only going to charge me $6.00 to take it back. The only accessory in the box was the AC adapter and a owners book which is totally worthless. Don't waste your time and patience with this phone. I'm going to a T-Mobile store and get a real phone.

ordered this cell phone for a gift and after delivered to that person in mexico she realized the middle bottom(menu) was not working properly untill stops working at all.send it to the motorola tecnician on mexico who told us that this wasn t a brand new cell phone as on the description.is just an used one with some parts replaced.now unable to send it back cause will cost a lot to do so from mexico.very dissapointed first time having this kind of problems with any purchased item from amazon.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  She started to complain about some issues, for example it is slow to respond and it crashes frequently.  I used the phone and I confirmed that really the phone is not functioning well. Most of the time it is impossible answering calls, sometimes it restarts when you try to call somebody...  We did the factory restore, we tried to update it (no updates available)... avoid using more apps that the basic ones and nothing solved the issues...The current Android version (AT&T; customized) is a big issue...Go and look for other phone...

I have had cell phones for over ten years, so I am well versed in how to use them.  I have never had a phone that malfunctions at such an early age.  I purchased this phone and used it moderately.  I am not a heavy texter or talker.  One day as I was out, I attempted to use the phone, and the touchscreen got stuck.  I turned the phone off, took the battery out, let it sit for a couple minutes, and restarted.  The phone never worked again.......only four months moderate use.

well for starter's i got this phone because it has memory SD card and sim card reader in the back. well it doesn't work everytime i put my sd card in the phone it says preparing sd card.then it says memory card removed but i didnt touch it! im so upset i took about 6 pictures before this occurred and now there gone. 9i cant take any video's because it needs a card to save it too! this sucks the whole reason i wanted A FLASH cabable phone was to take pictures! i hate it i was a replacement or my money back please. i thought it might be the card its self nope! bought a new one.same problem! put it in my husbands new phone it works perfectly.its not damaged or anything.please help i wanna use this everyday but it looks like its just gonna be a paperweight. i'll have to buy a new one. but if you can help i'd appricate it. also it will let me type a facebook message but every single time i send it! says message failed in my alerts!!! shows a yeld sign! im pissed i wanted this type of phone because of the keyboard,flash nice camera & social network! i am having troble with all except the keyboard! plus i paid for A NEW backflip this one has clearly been used scratches on the screen scratches on the silver part on the keyboard...... i could have bought another phone god im so mad i hope they do something about this! either my charger or my phones battery is messed up! because it doesnt madder if i have the phone on it all night or an hour it is on its last bar of battery! i'm so upset because i didnt play with my phone when i first got it! I CHARGED it all day just to have a full battery lifespan! this is crazy! i called the company i bought it from noone was there to take my call so i left a message lets see if they call me back!

but i have the same problem to navigatei wonder if being from at and t have something to dowith this maybe is not totally unlockedremember i am in venezuela and it mighi need somethingelse  to work properly

I have received my Motorola MB300 backflip in a very good condition, and so far, the device is working very well. I really do not have any concern. So far so good. I will recommand the device to anyone who is looking for an android smart phone.

Turns out that the phone is not unlocked. It worked for about a month after that i had to buy another phone. So i wasted almost 100 bucks.

I bought this product as new, but it turn out to be a refurbished cellphone and also the sent me a broken cable and the phone didn't charge.

Well the Motorola Backflip MB300 Cell phone was received promptly, so we were very inpressed, HOWEVER only to discover the instructions were missing!!!  So once we downloaded the instructions we could resume learning how to use the phone, only to discover when it came to using the camera a message appeared on the screen to "Please insert an SD card before using the camera", well according to the downloaded instructions from Motorola on page 38 an SD card should have been supplied,"Memory Card & USB Memory CardYour phone comes with a removable memory card already installed. You need it for some features on your phone, like Camera.To manage memory card files, touch > Quickoffice > Memory card. Touch a file orfolder to open, touch and hold a file to Delete or Share.Note: Do not remove your memory card while your phone is using it or writing files on it.Before you remove or format your memory card you need to unmount it. Touch Menu > Settings > SD card & storage > Unmount SD card.To format your memory card, touch Format SD card.Warning: All data on your memory card will be deleted.USB Drag & DropNote: This feature requires an optional accessory.38Memory Card & USB"Therefore, it is our belief that we were sold a USED Motorola Backflip MB300 and NOT A NEW one as purchased as two vital things were missing!!! So we would not recommend ordering from Ross Cellular, as they have yet to respond to my first complaint about the instructions missing & now only to discover the SD card is missing too!  So quite obvious we were hoodwinked by them as the whole package & phone should have been checked before it was sent out as then they wouold have noticed that things were missing.

I loved this phone. I had someone spill beer on it at a bar and it still worked!! I really loved this phone. I had for about a year before I upgraded.

The phone worked fine at first but it keeps freezing up and shutting off sometimes. Other than that it is a good phone.

This is a great phone for all people who want a basic phone still having all those advanced functions of the smartphone. A little bit slow, but it doesn't crash and its battery last long long time! :-)

Excelente

This unlocked cell phone is compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T; and T-Mobile. Not all carrier features may be supported.Unlocked Quad-Band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/900/1800/1900 MHz and 3G HSDPA 850/900/1900/2100 plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities5 MP Camera, 2560 x 1920 pixels, autofocus, LED flash with Video Recording; 3.5 mm audio jackPre-Installed Facebook, MySpace, Twitter apps; Media Player;Talk time up to 6 hours - Standby up to 315 hs.

Good evening, I commented that unfortunately the phone is not operational, although as I responsibly accept the proposal made by Amazon, the reimbursement of $ 50, agreeing that my responsibility was possession of the item in order to be able to give solution inconvenience. Step to tell you that after many efforts, the phone is in the same condition, so I come to you this time, since established in a chat with the company Motorola, they inform me that Amazon should not sell this phone and that it is not operating in Latin America, which is why I believe that I am still affected by the acquisition.Post. if the answer is in Spanish much you appreciate

I am able to talk, and after going trough a lot of trouble I could finely instal the basic apps. Apart from that the phone did not meet the expectation. It turns on an off without just by itself. It is too slow. It takes too long to turn on. The key pad is not easy to manage, and the buttons are too hard. I would not buy this phone again

This phone is much better than I expected, I think I got more than my money's worth on this one.

Product in excellent condition, as he described it. Good performance. The cell phone has no scratch or internal or external damage

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. IT DOES NOT WORK. IT NEVER WORKED. I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED THE REVIEWS I READ BEFORE BUYING IT. I DID NOT BELIEVE THEM AND ENDED UP TROWING IN THE GARBAGE ALMOST $100. DO NOT BUY IT.

El equipo llego con problemas de sofware, se reinicia solo a los 5 minutos al contactar al vendedor me se&ntilde;alo que la garant&iacute;a la cubre motorolla. Lo que hice fue regalarles el dinero porque el equipo no sirve.El vendedor es una MIERDAAAAAAAAAAAA.

August 2013 UPDATE: Had this thing for several months now (since Dec 2012) and I am sick of it. It seems to reboot from time to time which puts it off line for about four minutes. I was hoping to 'root' the thing but simple rooting techniques don't seem to work. It is also a terrible phone which is not user-friendly.As a mobile device it is not too bad but as a phone it is terrible. The phone is not very responsive in terms of trying to make a call-- I still do not know how to make a call without pressing way too many buttons and waiting far too long, and sometimes it does not want to hang up. Also, the volume buttons are never made and they are on the side of the phone so I am always turning off the ringer. Many times I have become vaguely aware of a slight buzzing when receiving a call-- having inadvertently turned off the ringer.The thing is frozen in time at Android 2.1 so most new apps either wont work or they make it crash more often. The camera works OK but it takes an awful long time to turn on. If you can get this phone somewhere for less than $50 it might make a good first smart phone but you'd be better off buying something else.Also be aware that now that Google, Motorola, and Android are one big happy family everthing you enter into this phone will be sync'd to Google with all that entails regarding privacy.By the way I did not have any problems with the vendor they were fine and shipped the thing as promised.----I got this thing up and running. I saw a couple of negative reviews but I am happy so far. The only glitch is that although the phone is unlocked, it still has all sorts of AT&T; apps on it which will no longer work (I am on another carrier).The biggest problem so far is that the phone has the Android Market app installed and I cannot upgrade it to Google Play, so I can't load any more apps on it. I am still trying to fix this but I think I will have to root the thing.

The phone kept restarting every few minutes. So I had to return the phone. I wil never buy a motorola phone again

I cannot warn potential buyers strongly enough to avoid this phone.  I purchased mine in February 2012 through Amazon from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings. I am a professional who relies on my smartphone when I need to be out of the office.  Specific problems:1.  The phone was very slow to ship.2.  When I did finally receive it, the phone would not recognize my sim card.  Phone support at Unlocked Cell Phone Kings was evasive and did not call back with tech support as promised.3.  The phone's battery cover came bent and does not stay on.4.  Eventually I got the phone to recognize my sim card, and realized then the phone was not really unlocked; it is an AT&T; phone, and as such is programmed to not let you install standard apps that you buy an Android phone for, such as wifi tether and internet radio.  You are forced to use the AT&T; programs, which will not work if you do not have AT&T; service.  (I have T-Mobile.)5.  I spent several hours finding and installing the Z4 root program that would temporarily root the phone, in order to load functioning programs onto the phone.  The root worked such that I could install a few basic essential apps, such as a wifi tether; and I was able to delete some but not all AT&T; proprietary apps that were consuming the phone's memory and operation.  Some programs such as internet radio, simply will not work.  The phone will allow the wifi tether to work about 1/3 of the time.6.  The phone continues to be terribly unreliable:a.  As others have said, it spontaneously shuts itself off.b.  It can take as long as 30 seconds after you touch a command button for the phone to react and execute the command.  This includes making phone calls, WHICH MEANS THE PHONE WILL FAIL YOU IN AN EMERGENCY.c.  As of today, the battery indicator has stopped working.  The battery is fully charged, but there is a big question mark on the battery symbol on the phone.d.  The phone is telling me its memory is full, although I keep it purged of old data and cache files.e.  The phone has stopped receiving text messages.f.  The voicemail indicator will not go away, even though there are no messages in my inbox.I have ordered a new phone from a completely different source, and am attempting to return this phone.

Phone turned out to not be unlocked, which wasn't a huge problem since it came from my service provider.  However it is a seriously flawed phone.  I have been getting error msgs that say my "phone app" is malfunctioning and needs to be shut down.  Then the phone freezes and you have to pull the battery out of the phone to get it to reset. It is very difficult to answer the phone because it freezes and won't recognize that you are sliding your finger across the screen until you've already missed the call.In addition for some reason the voice activated calls don't work with my bluetooth.  I still have to physically have the phone in my hand to do voice dialing.  Doesn't that defeat the purpose of having a blue tooth in the first place? Also for some reason the Android marketplace rarely works, and my internet radio app turns on and off for no reason.  That is just a few of the many annoying problems I've dealt with on this phone.  I can't wait to get my upgrade in a few months!!!

I Bought A Black Motorola Backflip But That Was Not Unlocked SO I Sld It And Decided to Buy An Updated One SO I COuld DOwnload The App Viber -_- Unforchantly When I Got The Phone Couple Days Ago I Could Not DOwnload It Because The Phone DOes Not Have 3g i Am Very DIsappointed  Because That Waas My Main Purpose Of Buying This Phone (From BREED) sigh I feel like i did nothing -_- sigh Its A Nice Phone But It Hurts My Flex -_-

This phone constantly freezes  turns off out of no where and takes forever to load contacts like 7hrs. It is the worst phone ever I don't know why some people are saying it is a good phone not unless they like a glitch phone but please do not buy this product it looks neat but it is not worth it trust me

This is the best phone you could ever possibly have!! I absolutely love the phone, some people say that it freezes or it has a scratched up screen,but my phone came wonderfully packaged and i was SO satisfied!! Best product i have ever bought!-Marissa

I just received my order but had to call Customer Service to complain.  The package didn't come with any user manual that could be caused by something else.  However, this international version offers only 3 languages that are definitely not enough... It sucks!

Phone is good but navigation is not great. Not even close to apple or htc.For this price it is better than any other phone

This is a great phone!!! It came the day after i ordered it!!! The only problem is that it is android 1.5, but i don't use apps that often so i don't have a problem. It was unlocked, and it came with a usb cable and a charger. I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEE IT!!!!! it is great for texting, I am 14 years old and i think it is great if you want a cheaper phone that also has all the android capabilities. :)

I was looking for a better camera than I had on my verizon phone and a physical keyboard so I might begin texting. Not needing a small computer to carry around.These phones are a couple years old so probably not too smart any more but after getting used to it I'm liking this phone. Connected to tom tom no problem,alarm/clock function good,sound and signal strength good,wifi working at home,have not got a data plan and been keeping wifi off to save battery. Camera w/flash and zoom only works w/sd card installed and I haven't printed anythig yet but pics look great on phone.

For all those complaining about this phone (MB300) Motorola Backflip, this is mostly because of the resellers Amazon lets through. It seems they don't check them out at all! I bought mine from overstock.com and had no problem. In fact, I have never had an issue ordering from them. You will pay a small bit more but, it's worth it. The phone was new (as promised), unlocked (as promised), and had android 2.1 (as promised). I have bought several phones off amazon.com that have not been what was promised. To be fair, on most I did get a refund. But I was still out the shipping, time and frustration.For others frustrate with the speed or freezing, update the OS (root then flash). Look it up on google if you need assistance. Updating android will fix most issues. You can even remove MotoBlur if you think it's causing an issue.Granted I don't do all the stuff many do with smartphones. I call, text, browse (with Dolphin HD browser - a must). But the apps I loaded work fast. Also, a note on speed. If you're slow it might have something to do with the way you connect. This phone has WiFi - USE IT! I personally refuse to pay for a data plan, so, I got APNDroid (allows you to turn off the APN function - that constantly pings and tries to use your wireless provider's network). Now, mine only connects to my WiFi & any other public WiFi (for free). If you are mobile, you can turn on the APN anytime you wish.Overall a great phone. Love the keyboard and camera as well. Top notch.
