
I bought 4 phones as a gift for kids in Belarus because it was listed as unlocked. Unfortunately, the phone was unlocked but did not support GSM level for this country. If you want to use this phone in Europe, you have to check GSM level in the particular country you are going to travel; otherwise you will be able use this phone only listening music on radio:) Honestly, I do not know how phone is working and rated as 2 stars because I was not able to use it and kids were so upset...

Good product. It is worth the money, totally. If you are not getting a smart phone, you may want to get this phone for its cheap price compared to other phones of this type.

Perfect, functional, 3 week battery life, cheap, disposable, replaceable, FM radio, crappy memory (need to delete SMS texts every month or so), but so much better than a smart phone.

I bought this phone to make and receive brief urgent calls.It does that just fine.Reception is ok (at least here; I haven't gone far from home yet).The sound quality is poor but doesn't interfere with understanding what people are saying.  The headphones (included with the pone) improve that somewhat.Initially there was a glitch with receiving calls, but a call to my carrier got that resolved.The one thing that surprised me is that the time/date has to be set manually when the battery has been removed. That seems like a strange omission even for an inexpensive phone.  (Especially since it is "fancy enough" to include an FM radio.)Bottom line: If you want a really inexpensive phone just for simple, short calls this looks to be a good choice.

The phone is nice with good features, but did not work here in Costa Rica. It was a waste of money for me.

Picked up a couple of these for my teenage sons as cheap "first phones".The boxes had me worried at first, because everything was in Spanish.  The phones themselves let you set the language (which had English as the default anyway).  The single game included on the phone is still in Spanish, and so is the title of the central menu item (messages).  Those don't really bother me at all.  So these phones are exactly what I was looking for.  Took them into a T-mobile store, the clerk popped in the sim cards and added the lines to my family plan.  No problems at all.Still going to knock 1 star off for not clarifying the languages and the charging adapter uses a non-standard plug (might be standard for Samsung phones, but it's not a mini- or micro-USB plug).  The FM radio works really well (but requires the earbuds/mic to be plugged in, since it uses that as the antenna also, which even my WP7 phone does), but once again that plugs into the non-standard port.Overall they're really light-weight, compact and comfortable.  Definitely a lot better than my first phone, so I'd recommend it.

I bought this phone to take to India. It did not work with the Simm card so I also had to buy another phone in India that did work well. If you want to use this phone in India, do not buy it here. Just wait until you get to India and you can buy a new phone that does work for $20.

I have had this phone for a year and a half.  I purchased it because I wanted a simple phone only, no frills.  My first year withit was very frustrating...lost calls, poor reception, etc.  I was about ready to get another phone when we changedwireless carriers.  It now works fine...no lost calls, good reception, etc.  It definitely is no frills.  I will likely getanother phone soon, only because our new phone plan includes data accessibility.

The description said it is compatible in India but the mobile did not work in India.. :(Very disappointing.. I can't return it too as the mobile is in India and we don't want to ship it all the way from India.

I was looking for a phone with no frills. This Samsung E1086 is that phone. I had 2 real requirements. Predictive text and no WAP(Mobile Web/internet). Having come from a Samsung A107 flip phone I had high hopes for this model, most of which were met. I will break it down.PROS:Size and feel of the phone are good, it is all plastic but feels well built.Keypad has a good feel to it and is easy to use.Backlight for keypad and screen is very good.Display is good for a 30$ unlocked phone.Speaking of display when the phone is screen locked and you press a button, the screen displays Time, Date, and missed calls and messages. Similar to the outside screen on a flip phone.FM radio. Very surprised at the quality of reception I get- excellent.Call quality and volume is good I can hear others well and have had no complaints.Reception is excellent. I can make calls and send/receive texts in places that I could not with other phones.Software is easy to navigate, not the most intuitive, but works.Slide door covering charging port, means no pop off cover to fight with.Free game, very bejeweled like with a twist.CONS:Proprietary headphone jack...Included earbuds are rubbish.No "C" key, usually for clearing text or navigating back in menus, or bringing up calenders.Contrary to the feature listing organizer, the calender does not allow you to schedule events or anniversaries. Or I just cannot find a way to do it. This is my biggest gripe with the phone.Date format is either YYYY/MM/DD or DD/MM/YYYY no option for MM/DD/YYYY.Flashlight, or torch as it is called, is a joke. You hold the up key on the D pad and the screen goes white and is set on brightest setting. I thought it had an LED on the end of the phone or something, but this is not the case.When texting you have to select an option to bring up special characters like . ? !Box claims 40 ring tones, there are maybe 15, and only 1 is not annoying.For what it is and what I was expecting, I am still pleased with the phone. I would give it 5 stars if the calender had an organizer function. If I discover a way to operate that function I would change to 5 stars.Other phones considered prior to purchase:Blu Mobile Tank  29.99Nokia X1-00 US GSM version 65ishIt is hard these days to find a phone that just calls and texts. I believe in the future these will come to be increasingly hard to find. As cell companies don't make much money off of consumers who just want plain phones.

the phone worked very well but i need a replacement because it is not working propely. ( using feedback becuase there i no option for contact seller.)

Did not work. Took it to Africa. Still having problems repairing. Can't return it because time ran out. If you plan on using this outside the USA, please think twice.

no bells and whistles but a good throw away phone.  works good.  reminds me of those ols nokia p.o.s. phone every had.  just die hard.  i charge it once a week!!!

Amazing how things don't work out all the time. The phone you sent me was in spanish. I can't use this phone, and I can't figure out how to change the language setting, if it can be changed. I am very disappointed with this. If not in english it should be advertised.Update: the phone language can be changed: next time I suggest the manufacturer default the phone language to english, unless otherwise specified by the customer.

I got this phone because I didn't want to extend my current contract at this time. For that purpose, this phone works fine, I have had no trouble with it. Two things worth noting:-- I don't use the keyboard lock feature because the user manual mentions the need for a &#34;pin&#34; provided with your SIM card in order to unlock the keyboard. Since I don't have a &#34;pin&#34;, I don't want to take the chance of permanently locking the keyboard. It has dialed one time from inside my purse. Not a huge deal, but annoying.-- The phone merely has a calendar you can use as a reference. When I looked for a calendar feature, I really wanted the ability to enter an appointment and be reminded of it. Maybe that's more likely to be an &#34;organizer&#34; feature, not just a calendar. Again, not crucial, but annoying.I would recommend this phone to someone who wants a basic ATT phone without extending their contract.

needed simple phone for school in the caribbean islands, so i ordered this. works like a charm and it gets the job done. only thing is that i couldnt figure out how to put it on vibrate...it only goes to silent.

I bought this cell phone it is very good it is work for long time and don't need for charge

We wanted something inexpensive, functional and durable for our son (who loses them on occassion).  This filled our needs well.

Good service, product arrived on time. In Venezuela works with all carriers. The phone is basic, and easy to use

This sales page didn't say international, and I bought it for my husband, as he wanted something simple to use right here in the USA. The box and packaging were all in Spanish, but once I put his Sim card in, it switched to English. I found the English version of the manual online.  He loves the phone, good volume, holds a charge a nice long time, but I have been trying to buy a car charger for it and getting nowhere. I did purchase one for the 1086L but the end you plug into the phone is too small.So I went to Samsung. Samsung USA told me that it's an international phone so I must go to Samsung Latin America. Samsung Latin America told me that since I live in the US, I must contact Samsung USA. When I explained that was who sent me to them, they said go to local phone shops and try my provider. Of course, that didn't work- neither the shops nor AT&T; had chargers for this model. I asked them to simply give me the model number of the charger for Mexico but no matter how many times I asked, they just ignored that question and kept asking if there was anything else they could do for me.So unless I can find a car charger somewhere, I will have to return it. I really do not want to do that, but this is becoming ridiculous- I've been trying for 3 weeks now. Has anyone here found a resource for a car charger for this phone?Any help would be greatly appreciated!!

does all the basic functions and the battery lasts for days together... never charged my battery during the weekend long parties :)

I just wanted to buy a cheap phone to cover me up for couple of weeks. I wish I wouldn't buy it. This phone lacks a very primitive capability that every single cellphone's supposed to have: Proper sound coming from its earpiece at the top. I cannot hear anything. I can't understand what the person other side of the line saying because of sizzles, parasites in the sound. Why do you buy a phone that can't even assist you to talk with someone? There are a lot of other cheap unlocked cell phones that can do things much better. I wish I wouldn't lost my BLU cellphone, which had the same price but way higher quality than this thing

si quieres un telefono a la antigua este es el indicado buena senal,buen fm radio.batteria lo estoy usando ya por 7 dias y no lo he cargado todabia,,he usado la radio muchas horas y apenas esta por la mita...la senal con att, es excelente,,buen espiker,,,,,me encanta,,,ok let me tell you, if you are looking for just a classic cell, this is great i been using this little baby for 7 days and battery is only 50% i used FM for many hours speaker is good the signal for att here in CA is just great i love this cell & for the price is just right,,the only cons i find in this cell is the Headphone Cable Wire Cord jack is not a normal jack ..but sounds is ok .....i will update ...hope this help,,,quiero decirles que este celll me sigue enamorando cada dia que pasa la bateria es de lo mejor me dura hasta 10 dias ....

We purchased this as an emergency phone for our upstairs bedrooms - if we are broken into and our phones are downstairs its always good to have a backup. We also used this while we were in Mexico with a mexican sim card. Worked just fine - call quality is ok. Battery life is great on standby. If you need a cheap phone, this will work great.

I'm mostly to blame on this for not doing my homework before I bought.  Purchased it along with a Telestial Passport sim card planning to use in Germany, Austria,Hungary and the Czech Republic.  In every country the phone showed "no network" or words to that effect.  The description on the Amazon site indicated that  this dual band phone was not usable in the US  but there was no guidance as to countries where it would function.  It would be helpful if the description made reference to doing a Google search for "GSM bandwidth Country" to ensure the correct phone was purchased.Had I done that(or gone to the excellent Telestial.com tutorial site) I would have found that this dual band phone works only on 850/1900 bandwidth and will function  in North America and Central America.  Europe uses the 900/1800 exclusively.  South America and the Caribbean may use the 900 Mhz, 1800 and/or the 1900 MHz frequencies.  South America, Africa and Asia are a mix of the four bandwidths.It would have been best for me to get a Quad-band phone(850/900/1800/1900), that way I would now have a phone with the flexibility  for Europe and my next trip to China instead of being stuck with the dual band Samsung with limited to North and Central Americaof .Amazon and Samsung bear some responsibility  for a really vague description-in an ideal world they would split the price with me and I could return the dual band but people in Hell want  ice water so I'm not holding my breath.

I was attracted to this phone because I only need a simple device that can send/receive calls and read/write the occasional SMS message, rather than the latest military-grade smartphone technology that can do the dishes, mow the lawn, and perform laser eye surgery all at the same time--crazy, right? This phone meets my needs, but has a few quibbles.Pros:-Simple, no-frills functionality-Inexpensive-Intuitive usage and interfaceCons:-Construction & materials perhaps a bit shoddy--feels almost like a toy in your hand-Uses proprietary Samsung cables for charging and line out, rather than standard interfaces like miniUSB or a 3.5mm headphone jack-No external volume buttonsEssentially, it works well for basic calling and texting, but enough points are lost in the cons that other devices are worth considering.**ALSO**To the reviewers saying that this device does not work in e.g. India, that is because in the technical specifications for this phone you can see that it operates only on 850/1900MHz GSM bands, while access to India's GSM network requires 900 and/or 1800MHz bands. You can see a map of global GSM frequencies at the following address: worldtimezone DOT com SLASH gsm.htmlBecause this device can only operate on 850 and 1900MHz frequencies, it will only work in the yellow region of the map. Operation in the purple 900/1800MHz regions, including India, requires a device that can access these bands. There is such a version of this device available here on Amazon:Samsung E1080 Unlocked Dual-Band GSM Phone - International Version with Warranty (Black) - NOT for use in the USA

We bought this last year to take to Europe with us, so we could use it there for convenience.  We bought a sim card at a kiosk in St. Pancras Train Station, in Paris and it didn't work!  Beware of the kiosks that are all over Paris, their sim cards don't necessarily work in "unlocked" phones from the US. We ended up purchasing a low cost model phone at the Orange Store in Paris, with a sim and calling time.  It worked fine on their network.  Key word......it worked!  This phone we bought, never worked for us.  Not sure if we were just unlucky, but it ended up being worthless for us and a waste of money!

Phone is basic, box and user guide in Spanish but phone language in English. Manual is only two pages though, for those who are having issues finding a manual here is the link for it:[...]

I just sold my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  Once Nexus 4 is available I will get it.  In the future, I will get the latest Google phone every year and sell last year's model.So, from the time I ship my old phone until the time I get my new phone, there will be a few days when I will not have a phone.  That's when this little Samsung phone comes in handy.  For less than 30 bucks, it offers very good value.  Easy to operate.  Feels solid and reliable.  Sound is clear.  Signal is good.  Yeah, it won't do things that only a smartphone can do.  But for only a few days' use, who cares?

Just got it today and it's a nice little phone at the right price.  It's kinda small so I'm giving it to my dad but I think it deserves 5 stars for the price I paid.  Everything is functional and the build quality does not feel flimsy to me.  It's all plastic so it's very light weight compared to my Motorola SLVR.  The one game included is unlocked too, not just a preview version.This phone is for those that just want to make phone calls.  No camera, no frills.

I despise this seller and product because although the description on the phone clearly states UNLOCKED the two phones I purchased are LOCKED. They're useless to me. I do not recommend this buyer or these GT-1086i to anyone in the world.

While I haven't had a chance to play with all the features yet, but so far the menu is intuitive and it has all the features I want including: keypad lock, phone lock, multiple alarms, and as a bonus, the FM radio.  With toddlers in the house, I've found the keypad locking to be essential, and the alarms come in handy for getting us to gymnastics class on time.  Everything I need in a phone, without the "smart phone" price.

Ordered a different phone that has the LED feature but received the backlight feature only version. I have gone through the 'customer service' it then sends you to the 'online returns page' filled it out all it does is send you back to the 'customer service' page. What am I going to do with a backlight only version, theres no way I am going to see in the dark

i bought this long time ago. my mom is using it. it's small, easy to carry. my mom loves it.

The phone is for my 11 y/o son. It makes calls and text message its perfect to fit his needs and the price was a smoking deal.

A simple calling device, came LOCKED so I had to spend another $5 for UNLOCKING...The band is GSM 850 and doesn't work with my provider Digicel in Haiti anyway.Just another waste of money... (got in from Amazon).

I bought this for use with a SIM card in India.  I wish it had occurred to me to test the phone by trying my home-based SIM card before leaving the country. I bought a SIM card in India, and guess what--the phone didnt work! I had to buy a new phone in India, where voila--the SIM card worked!  What a waste of money to buy this Samsung phone.  I am returning it.Hint--if you are  gong to India you can easily  buy a great little Nokia unlocked phone for $20.  And get your ID photos there--$2 for 8 required passport sized photos, vs $15 for 2 photos in USA.

Cheap phone that works well for someone who just need mobile phone functions only. Simple to operate and show large numbers for easy reading. This phone would be great for elderly person.

I AM SATISFIED, I GOT WHAT I WANTED THE SAMSUNG E1086 UNLOCKED DUAL-BAND PHONE WITH FM RADIO,IN PERFECT CONDITIONS AND IN QUICK TIME.

This phone was a great phone to use while I was in Grenada. It is a very basic phone. It worked extremely well. When I left the island, I gave it to another person to have.

Battery life has been amazing. And the only game available with this is addictive. It would have been nice to have a micro usb port though to enable easy updating of the address book. But hey for the price can't complain.

This was a replacement phone for my mother. She uses it everyday without any issues. The form factor sucks for texting, but she does not do that much anyway.

Too small in comparison to the image. Delivery was fine. Phone sold as unlocked; however, once I tried to place it on an African GSM carrier network it would NOT work. Phones only good for U.S. networks ( do not understand it but phone in Africa now cannot return bought it for my nieces who graduated as a gift). Yes, I have tested on a U.S. network, and it works fine on a U.S. carrier.

bouhgt this phone for my 12 year old son, unfortunately he dropped it on the floor and the phone screen broke. never seen that before, it was a simple fall and the phone is not good anymore because we can't see the numbers from the incoming or outgoing calls

this phone is the only one that works where my mother in law lives. free phones,store bought nothing worked unless she goes outside. now she can stay in. nothing else i can review because she doesn't use anything else, just the phone. for the money it's great

It was exactly what i needed.  a simple phone that made phone calls and texts.  it even had the full version of the games on it.

this phone did not work in the caribbean, it was supposed to, but did not. the sim card worked but the phone would not function. i had to go buy another phone. be careful when making these types of purchases. i would have liked to have known that unlocked does not always mean that the phone will work everywhere. also at the digicel store where they sell the identical phone, i was told that unlocked phones often crash when you try to use them. so...be aware. learn from my mistake and probably get a phone when you arrive at your destination.

I had to return this phone within a week as it failed to operate after about 2 days of use. I don't recommend buying it. Get a Nokia instead, they are rock solid.

It is really worth for the money you paid. Fully charged Battery lasts for very long time. Easy to handle. Good of everyone, not needing wast time in smart phones.

I bought this phone to use in India during vacation. can't use this because it is locked phone, regardless of what it says in the product description

Pros:+ Cheap+ Better quality than those free crap phones.+ Loud Volume+ No Echoing+ Thin & LIghtweight+ Sane interfaceCons:- Unlocking keypad is annoying. You have to hold down a button down for several seconds.

I was looking for a no-frills phone to use on a daily bases and I have that in the product. It's simply and works everywhere I go. And unlike my previous phone even when the signal bar is low I can make calls.

It looks like s piece of plastic.  Like a toy.  It didn't even come with a charger or battery or instructions.

I needed an emergency phone and it did its job came with mobile tracker already installed i brought for a replacement for my 11 yr old

I've been using this phone for about 4 months now. Initially I just got it as a temporary phone after breaking my beloved SE Walkman and none of the smartphones being offered by my carrier were appealing to me. Anyway, so far my relationship with this phone has been great. I use it mostly for texting and the keypad is made from a very nice rubber-plastic material. There's a nice tactile response when you push the buttons which I feel helps make typing a lot easier. The overall design of the phone is slim and attractive, and many of my friends have called it "cute" due to its small size. I don't know if I can blame the dropped calls on my phone or the carrier but it's not really an issue for me. The earphone/headset that came with this phone are, as expected, of unremarkable quality, don't fit in my ears and the cord is too short but since I hardly use them it's really a non issue.Overall I'd recommend this if you're looking for a simple phone with a few extra (nice) features like a nice "Bejewelled-like" game which is strangely addictive and alarm capabilities. I also use my phone to keep a few reminders. Since the memory of the phone (for storing reminders) isn't very big, I have to delete old reminders and this (in a way) helps me remember what I was supposed to do. I use the timer when I'm cooking and the convertor almost on a daily basis because I can't understand temperature in Farenheit units.

I can only receive phone from my family, but can not call them.Not too bad.just simple phone functions.Today I receive another phone and it still can not call my home. I feel really sad.Thanks for the consumer service. I have two same phone that can not call my home now &#9582;(&#9583;_&#9584;)&#9581;

the packaging , the quality , it's  true with the description amazon gave ,service is fast , on time , secure and taken care in postage delivery with love embracing , the whole purchase off packaging and delivering is like a love gift, , thank you amazom , i recomand your service,the last item i brought ,this is how it felt, all felt the same but this one was really outstanding , give my love to all ,off your members , tell THEM JESUS LOVE THEM ALL ,ACCEPT HIM NOW, BECAUSE IT'S ONLY HIM COULD 'VE MADE  IT FEEL THE WAY IT FELT, THANKS AGAIN IN HIS NAME, LOVE YOU ALL, BE BLESS FOR HIS HIS NAME SAKE,

Don't waste your money on this phone.It is like a toy and the voice quality is not very good.

I bought it for my sister visiting from Europe so that she could use it here (in the US) with her SIM card.Even though the phone is said to be unlocked, the access to networks here was always 'unauthorized', even though her phone company has an agreement with AT&T.;Makes you wonder what 'unlocked' really means...

i love this phone because it is simple to operate and it gets a signal almost anywhere. i own a house that is over a hundred years old. made of conrete blocks. my old phone(a samsung) didnt work in the house. i had to go outside in the rain or cold to call my doctor or daughter and thus i didnt spend much time on it and i wasnt using my minutes. my old phone died. i ordered this one. since i dont have much money i chose a cheap phone. and this model has a lot of options for the price. i was amazed it began ringing in my living room. scared my cat actually. now im inside burning up my minutes and this really is a good phone. i think its due to the dual band mode. i live in a small town. rural ohio. i like the tracking feature as well. i am a siezure patient. if i go down my daughter can find me. the phone is slim. still trying to learn how to text......im old...

We have a family share plan which rarely go over the limit meaning we don't use our cell phones that much.  So instead of taking a leap for the smart phone, we decided to just stick with "dumb" phones for maybe another year.  So I began searching for one and didn't take long to come across this model since these "dumb" phones are at near extinction.  Given the price and Samsung brand, I thought I won't have much to lose.  Got two of these and have been using it for about a month now and I gotta say, I don't have any complaints.  The Phone works just as described - makes calls and receives calls. The usual suite of customizable features are there.  It says it has FM receiver but I don't much care for it and won't bother with it.  Build quality is about par .... nothing substantial here, just a light weight plastic phone, I do use a leather pouch to keep this in so it doesn't get banged up in the briefcase.  There's not much to get excited about this phone, if you are looking for a phone that makes calls and receives calls just like the olden days, this won't disappoint.  This phone does use Samsung's proprietary power adapter so you won't be able to recycle hands-frees from the olden days.

I bought this phone to use with a prepaid SIM card while visiting my folks in Canada. I could have used an add-on to my existing mobile calling plan, but wanted a local number reachable from my Mom's telephone extension while she was in the hospital.The phone worked just fine as a phone, but I found it hard to go back to using a numeric keyboard for text messages. I didn't try the FM radio, so I don't know how well that works.This is a decent GSM phone for North America.

I bought it sometime back, had not use the phone yet. Even though the product description says international version, it does not comes with international charger. Cost is very cheap.

This unlocked cell phone is compatible with GSM carriers.I got the phone for international use and couldn't get it to connect to the provider. I bought several unlocked Samsung GSM phones and never had any problem with the other except this one and had to send it back.

Hi I am just know getting to putting in the review after my time has passed. Unfortuantely this phone was a nice cost effect phone that did alot but didnt work in Barbados when I went overseas and it was too much to bring back and send back to company since I had the phone before my vacation and the time it took me to come back to the USA. I just left the phone. It showed the local cell company name but you couldnt make a call out on the phone. Wasted money and time for me.Samsung GT-E1086 Unlocked Dual-Band Phone with FM Radio, MP3 Ringtones, Organizer, SMS and Mobile Tracker - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black

eh, was ok. i was attracted to fact that it was unlocked but the features were just OK and whether it was fun or carrier (tmobile) service was ok.

I live in an old natural stone house in the middle of rural central-west Texas. After getting fed up with 13 years of Verizon's so-called "assistance" via endless circular customer routing and recorded messages accessed by button pushing I decided to give up my lifelong landline, dump Verizon, and go to a cellphone (which I swore I'd never do).A used Motorola "egg" flip-phone constantly dropped calls so I switched to the cheapest basic new cellphone I could buy locally, which was the little "candy bar" Samsung GT-E1086i. So far, after two weeks, it has performed superbly.I only want a reliable and easy-to-use telephone, nothing else. If I want to take a picture I have a camera with a 30X super-zoom Schneider lens that will run circles around the best cellphone camera. For clandestine or opportune photos I can carry a little pocket clip-on ballpoint pen camera that also takes movies and can offload into my computer via USB.  If I need the internet for browsing or texting I have a Mac notebook. I don't need a cellphone GPS because I have a Garmin and a Cobra. For FM I have a big WiFi sound system at home and don't intend to walk around WalMart with my arm raised, listening to some local FM station playing music to dip sheep by. All I want is a bloody simple telephone for making telephone calls. PERIOD! ... Maybe I'm old fashioned, but to me a telephone should be a telephone, nothing else. ... All that other stuff might be neat-o for techno-nerds but I detest the complications and bloatware built into most cellphones that do everything but open heart surgery.  All I want is simplicity and dependability in a device that sends and receives telephone calls. Accessing stored numbers on this Samsung is a bit fiddly, requiring several buttons to be pushed instead of just pushing a single button on my old Motorola flip. To summarize, the Samsung GT-E1086i satisfies my needs at about a level 8 or 9 on a scale of 10. (nothing's perfect)I'm elderly and my high frequency hearing is shot due to nerve damage, so a hearing aid does me no good. This little phone can be set to both vibrate and ring loudly. The ring and audio volume can be set where I can easily understand normal conversations in a street noise environment. That's all I need. The battery seems to provide power for a pretty long time between charges. My only gripe is that the instructions say I should unplug the charger also from the wall socket when not in use. Just one more thing to remember and possibly forget where I put the unplugged loose charger. Not a biggie, though.Now for the significant CONS:(1) The so-called user instructions are a joke, apparently written by a cellphone technician with limited writing communications skills. What I needed was a simple, well-thought-out and well-written textual explanation of how to set the phone up and operate it, augmented by lots of pictures and diagrams with arrow callouts of the various features and the buttons that make things happen. The nerdy instructions are overly long, poorly organized and sequenced, in microscopic type, using techno-jargon terms and acronyms instead of commonly used conversational English. (One star deducted)Not being a telecommunications specialist I had my phone programmed by the friendly local net server customer rep.(2) Samsung apparently has a thing for not joining the group. This phone doesn't have any industry standard sockets swo commonly available accessories with standard plugs can be used. For example, if you want to use a mix-and-match set of aftermarket accessories to set up an amplified speakerphone system for home or car, forget it. Don't buy Samsung; buy some other maker's product. It was a hassle to locate a car charger that would work. Also, I don't like stuff stuck into or on my ears except for ear protection at the gun shooting range. The Samsung earbuds that come with the phone and plug into the Samsung proprietary jack are worthless to me. (A second star deducted for the proprietary jack instead of a standard jack.)On balance, though, I'd recommend this phone for basic cell communications.

My phone was stolen so I bought this one until my replacement came. It is nothing like my Android, but it let me receive and make calls which is all that mattered. It is a great little phone for emergencies. It came with a sim card too!
