
(Be sure to check out the updates at the bottom of the review!)This phone is built like a tank. It's ruggedized, water- and dust-resistant, yet is pleasant to use.I've sorted my various comments on this phone into numbered sections below:Package Contents:The package includes the phone, a manual each for English and Spanish, an AC wall charger (a two-prong CEE 7/16 Europlug, supports 120-240 volts and 50-60 Hz, also comes with a Europlug-to-US-plug adapter in the shipping box), and micro-USB stereo headphones with a built-in microphone (for phone use) and an integrated antenna for the phone's FM radio function.Data/Charging Connections:The phone can charge with any standard microUSB power source. I have connected it to my PC, a different brand USB charger, and the phone's included charger and all of them were able to charge it without complaint. Please note that the trim around the charging port on the phone is such that standard-thickness microUSB plugs may have some difficulty fitting. The included charger has a permanently-attached microUSB plug with much thinner trim so it fits properly. A standard-thickness microUSB cord I had lying around the house was able to fit for charging and data-transfer, but it didn't seem as securely attached as the thin-trim one. Using the Samsung Kies software (downloadable from their website) and the standard-thickness microUSB cable, I was able to connect the phone to my computer, charge the battery, and synchronize contacts.There is no need to buy the special "Samsung Data Cable" listed at the time of this writing under the "Frequently Bought Together" section for this phone. That cable is not microUSB and will not connect to any port on this phone. That cable seems to be for older, non-microUSB Samsung phones and is not needed for this phone.To use the microUSB port one needs to open a small, gasketed flap on the side of the phone. Thus, the phone is not dust- or water-resistant while plugged in.Call Quality/ReceptionCall quality on T-Mobile in the US is quite good. The built-in earpiece in the phone produces crisp, clear sound. The microphone is also good (somewhat better than other mobile phones I've used), but is not on-par with landline phones. Considering that the microphone is water-resistant, this is is not a major problem.Reception in the Phoenix and Tucson (Arizona, USA) metropolitan areas on T-Mobile is excellent and comparable to other phones. There are a few dead spots on the interstate between the two cities, but this is also the case with other major networks like Sprint and Verizon and other model phones. Outside my apartment in Chandler (suburb of Phoenix), the phone displays "full bars" of service. Inside, it is about half of the outside coverage, depending on which room I'm in. Call quality in either case is the same.The phone supports four GSM bands: 900/1800 MHz (used in much of the world) and 850/1900 MHz (used in the US and Canada), and so can be used anywhere in the world that has GSM service for voice, SMS, EDGE, and GPRS. Additionally, the phone supports UMTS 900/2100 MHz for faster 3G data speeds. If my understanding of frequency allocations is correct, 900/2100 MHz UTMS service is not available in North America and nearly all of South America and so this phone is not capable of 3G data speeds in these areas.I'll be moving to Switzerland in the next few weeks and will update the review accordingly to see if UMTS service is available there. (It is! See update #1 at the bottom.)Battery Life:Battery life seems excellent, going several days of light-to-medium usage between charges. The phone comes with a 1300mAh battery.User Interface:The rubberized, water-resistant keypad is easy to use. There is a very slight raised dot on the "5" key to help identify it by touch, but it is subtle. Other than the keypad (which includes the directional button for navigating the interface), there are three external buttons: the two-button rocker switch (used for turning the volume up and down and for zooming with the built-in camera) and the LED flashlight button. The flashlight button is not affected by the "keypad lock" option in software, and so may turn on while in one's pocket (this has happened several times to me, though I usually catch it before it drains more than one bar from the battery).The top of the phone has the LED flashlight and a built-in loop for connecting the phone to a strap or other restraint (nice touch!). The loop also extends to the back of the phone, which has the camera (no flash for the camera), the speaker (for speakerphone, ringing, etc.), and the locked door for the battery compartment/SIM card/microSD card. When viewing the front of the phone, the flashlight power switch is on the top of the right edge of the phone, while the volume rocker switch is on the top of the left edge.The display can appear somewhat dim in bright sunlight, and is completely unreadable in sunlight if one is wearing sunglasses (tested with non-polarized sunglasses). The screen is perfectly readable indoors or at night. The brightness control is entirely manual: it will not auto-dim indoors, or automatically brighten outdoors like some other phones. There are options to adjust the time the backlight of the keypad and screen stays on. The menu system is usually quite good, but there are some quirks: the Bluetooth settings is listed under the "Apps" menu, while the GPS feature is under "Settings/Phone".The "Apps" menu can have items added based on your carrier and SIM card. For example, my Orange Switzerland SIM card adds an "Orange" App to the menu, which includes things like information about sports, finance, etc. while my T-Mobile USA SIM does not.The very top of the main menu shows the signal meter, EDGE/UMTS status, and indicators for Bluetooth (enabled/disabled/transferring data), microSD (indicates whether the card is present and flashes when accessing the card), current sound profile (Normal, Silent, etc.), a battery meter, and the clock (hours/minutes only; seconds are not displayed). The remaining portion of the main menu can be customized in various ways. It comes by default with the "Smart home" enabled (which includes options for text messaging, contacts, displaying the calendar, etc. on the main menu), though one can switch to one of several simple clock displays if one wishes.Language/Localization:The phone supports numerous languages, including German, English, Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Turkish, Dutch, and several other languages I do not recognize (each of the languages is displayed in that language). As the phone seems to be made for the European market, the English text has a distinctly British feel (with text such as "Synchronise" rather than the US spelling of "Synchronize", along with "Organiser" instead of "Organizer"). There is no option to use a localized dialect of a language (that is, there is no US English option).The date format can be set to several options: DD/MM/YYYY (Europe), MM/DD/YYYY (US), YYYY/DD/MM, YYYY/MM/DD. It can display the time in 12- or 24-hour modes. There is the option of automatically setting the date, time, and time zone from the network; doing so also respects your date/time display preferences. One odd language quirk: The "Downloads" option on the main menu always displays its contents in Spanish, regardless of the chosen language (I've tried both English and German).Due to the various formatting of phone numbers used worldwide, the phone does not attempt to display phone numbers (either dialed directly or when stored in the contact list) in any particular style. For example, if one wished to dial toll-free directory assistance in the US, US-specific phones would display "1-800-555-1212". This phone simply displays the numbers as "18005551212" with no formatting.Navigation:The phone has a built-in GPS receiver which can, after acquiring satellites, display your latitude, longitude (both in DDD.DDDDD format), and altitude. The altitude is only displayed in meters, and there is no option for displaying it in feet if one wishes. It takes about two minutes to acquire satellite signal and acquire a position fix while outside with a clear view of the sky. It does not appear that the phone caches GPS data between uses (presumably it completely powers off the GPS receiver when not in use), as if one gets a fix, closes the GPS application, and immediately re-opens it, the phone still needs to go through the time-consuming acquisition process again. Unless one has a map with detailed latitude/longitude grid squares, the GPS receiver is useless for navigation. It does not allow one to enter waypoints or coordinates as a destination, but simply displays its own current location. The phone supports J2ME (Java Micro Edition, for mobile devices) applications and there are several fairly barebones navigation applications available for J2ME-enabled phones, but they don't compare to standalone GPS receivers or smartphones in terms of functionality.There is an included Google Maps application (as well as Facebook and Twitter), but this requires use of data services which I do not have on my T-Mobile subscription, so I have not yet tested them.The phone also has an application for accessing the built-in magnetic compass. After a simple calibration procedure (turn the phone as depicted on the screen), the compass is reasonably accurate. However, it is extremely basic and not really suitable for serious navigation.Bluetooth:Bluetooth connections are easy to set up, and I was able to transfer 144 name cards and several digital photos to and from my other mobile phone in about two minutes. Due to the lack of a data plan on my carrier, I have not yet tested the phone as a data modem. Transferring lots of photos to/from the phone is relatively slow, as the phone does not support the latest higher-speed Bluetooth standards. If you don't mind waiting, it's perfectly functional.Text Entry/Messaging:In addition to regular text entry, the phone also supports T9 predictive text entry which can make text messaging faster. Not all text entry fields support T9: composing an SMS message does, but entering names into the contact list does not.The phone can store 1300 SMS messages on internal memory. My T-Mobile SIM can only hold 30. It does not appear that one can store text messages on the microSD card.microSD Storage:I installed a Kingston 8GB microSD card in the phone (it fits under the battery, next to the SIM card, rather than in a slot on the side of the phone). After being formatted by the phone, I am able to access the card as expected (saving photos, sound, etc.)From the box, most of the phone's internal memory is filled with the included ringtones, images, themes, etc. I highly recommend using a microSD card.Multimedia:The phone has a simple MP3 player, which works as expected. It's not really a substitute for a proper music player. The phone can play MP3 ringtones. The built-in 2MP camera is ok, but not great. There's no flash for the camera.Interestingly enough, the phone has a built-in FM radio. The antenna is built into the included microUSB stereo headphones/microphone cable, and so the radio is useless if one doesn't have the original headphones (which are not bad). It can auto-scan for active frequencies, so one doesn't have to scan through static. It can also record audio from the FM radio to a sound file on the phone's internal memory or microSD card. If the station broadcasts additional data (e.g. station name, artist, song name, etc.) on a sub-channel, the phone will display this information.Data:The phone has a basic web browser and other data functions. It's no replacement for a smartphone or computer. I would not recommend using this phone for data-intensive functions as you're likely to be disappointed.Conclusion:This phone is only slightly larger than most phones and is built much more ruggedly. It's reasonably priced for an unlocked, unbranded quad-band phone, and appearance-wise it looks nice (it doesn't look as "chunky" as other ruggedized phones).It's a refreshing change from feature-rich yet fragile smartphones with a one-day battery life. It won't win any beauty or feature contests, and there's a few minor quirks as noted above, but this is a solid, everyday phone.==========Update #1: August 27, 2011: Greetings from Switzerland! As expected, this phone works great on the various Swiss networks (I've used it on Orange and Sunrise, and it works on both their GSM and UMTS/3G networks without problems. It's a shame that the phone won't work on UMTS frequencies in the US.). Call quality is good on either network, and battery life is in the "more than one week" range (though I habitually charge my phone when it reaches about 1/3rd charge, just so I'm never stuck with a dead battery).As a test, I immersed the phone in a sink filled with water for several minutes, and the phone worked as normal (though it did bubble ominously for a short while; this is normal, and is just air bubbles between the waterproof inside and the outer shell escaping). Similarly, I've made calls in the rain without any problems.The built in camera is not bad for a phone camera. Nothing to write home about, but I'm satisfied.My requirements for a phone are simple: place and receive calls, send and receive the occasional text message, and occasionally use the camera when I don't want to carry my "Look at me! I'm a tourist!" Nikon DSLR (or when it's raining out). I don't browse the internet, check my email, or do anything like that with my phone. For these purposes, I've been quite satisfied with this phone.==========Update #2: May 14, 2013: As part of a recent university-sponsored research expedition, I traveled to the desert of Oman to search for meteorites. Naturally, I took my phone with me. As expected, the phone was completely resistant to the rather extreme environment: days were hot and dusty with kilometers of foot searches (the phone was in my pocket) and car searches (the phone was in the cupholder, bouncing around), nights were cool with moisture condensing on exposed surfaces (we slept outside and the phone was exposed to the open air at night and was completely soaked with dew in the morning), high winds and dust storms, etc. The only improvements I'd like to see is some sort of inductive charging so one doesn't need to open the sealed charging port in order to charge the phone -- I had to charge the phone in the vehicle's glove compartment to minimize exposure to dust while charging -- and support for higher-current charging. The phone only charges at 500mA, so it can take several hours to fully charge the battery. If it could charge at 1A or 2A it would dramatically speed up the charging process.It's had no problem charging off of both the official Samsung wall charger, third-party (both wall-socket and car chargers), and improvised 5V DC power supplies I cobbled together in the lab (some capacitors and a 7805 linear regulator or a switch-mode regulator with the associated external components work well) when I let the battery run down by mistake.The phone also continues to work well in Switzerland, both in my lab and outdoors. It has survived (brief) splashes of liquid nitrogen (about -200C/-320F) in the lab and longer-term exposure to -10C to -20C temperatures outside. Even after several years of fairly heavy use the phone appears to be in good shape: there are a few scuffs around the outside of the phone, a few scratches on the screen (though less than expected. None affect the visibility of the screen.), and the silver coating on the rim of the directional pad button is beginning to wear off, exposing a copper-colored material underneath (though it requires a close look to see). The battery still holds a charge for over a week on UMTS/3G, with an extra day or two if the UMTS/3G radio is disabled and one only uses GSM. The seals are still intact and the number keys have not worn off. It's definitely not in "like new" condition anymore, but I'd definitely rank it as "good or better" condition.Conclusion: this is one rugged phone and has held up well to some punishing service over the years. I highly recommend it.

if you use a GSM phone, this is a great device.  works excellent exactly as promised.  I did have to manually set up the network settings for internet and such.  it does pocket dial quite easily if you dont have the key lock on.  i whish it came in a flip version.the radio is great, headphones act as antenna,  mp3 player and photo stuff is good too.  battery life is enormous, bluetooth is good, use a screen prtector, i didnt and got a bad scratch.  there was no crapware apps on this phone like ATT loads their phones with.  I say buy it, also buy some accys here to  like the mobile power adaptor, headphone to stereo plug adaptor 8gb micro sd card etc...  great phone!

I wrote that the keypad light was not working, just a senior moment on my part, I looked into it and the keypad light is customised for battery preservation..still have a problem with unresponsive keys mainly the unlock key, bit of a nuisance when out on the water, wet and cold, hey ho it is only a phone.

Works great on AT&T, however you cannot send pictures via text and the support at the AT&T store is nothing but worthless. They completely refuse to even look at the phone because is not one they carry (they don't care that you are a customer of more than 15 years) they carry other so called sturdy phones, but my son who has used them (He works outdoors) say they have been unreliable, we found this one through people's reviews and so far has been great. As I said, the only issue is that AT&T has no interest in helping you in the least if the phone is unlocked and not one of the ones they carry.

Great phone but after using it for 2 months, I've found out a few things. The default phone firmware is a bit buggy. I haven't tried to update the firmware yet. Texting with T9 causes the phone to lock up periodically while composing messages. About three weeks ago, after getting the phone wet while kayaking, the microphone started to act up. People complain they barely hear me or hear a lot of static on inbound and outbound calls. I thought it was because water or sand got into the microphone port. I checked the microphone port a week later with a magnifying glass and the port is dry and debris free. All o-ring seals are intact and clean. The internals are totally dry with no trace of water exposure. The only workaround for now is to use a bluetooth headset. Other than the microphone issue, the phone has performed like a champ. It's slipped out of my hand while cycling and I didn't have any problems. The gorilla glass is tough but I recommend putting on a screen protector. The screen scratched while washing car with my phone and keys together in my trouser pocket.11/14/12 - Phone is still going strong. Battery life is still admirable. However, the latest firmware updates still haven't resolved the T9 input crashing issue.  I also noticed that after syncing my Google contacts using Kies in June 2012, the phone would start hang randomly for several minutes and then continue to operate as if nothing happened. The hanging was getting so frequent that I decided to factory-reset the phone a few weeks ago. After loading up my pre-Google sync contact list, the phone has been operating normally. The phone doesn't seem to either like the Google's formatting of the contacts or the sheer volume of contact info. The phone will detect a Rocksoul bluetooth keyboard but will throw up a "Unsupported Device" error.

I kayak and needed a cellphone for security. I am not too interested in texting and data-services and find that it gives me what I need. I especially like the lanyard-slot, essential when out at sea. Size is a bit large therefore 4 rather than 5.

Simply put: exceeded all expectations. Works not only with european providers SIM cards, but equaly well with US providers SIM cards.I had no slightest problem with AT&T; SIM. Works well from the phone's first charge.  I use AT&T; "pay-as-you-go" basic service at $100 per year level.  Phone iniciates and receives calls placed not only within USA but also all calls received and placed in Canadian teritory. There was also no problems in sending and receiving SMS messages from Canada to Ireland and vice versa when both phones were out of their "home country" areas. Samsung phone GT-B2710 was operating well under ROGERS service in Canada with AT&T; SIM card installed in it.Reception and transmission quality: clear and loud. Ring tone is somewhat quaieter, as GT-B2710 cell-phone body is "water proofed" and ring sound is a little muffled. Not a problem for me.Yes, I would advise it to my friend.

I like my Solid B2710 very much. It's very robust, more as I use Krusell genuine leather pouch (bought primarily to use it on the bike, with Google Maps built-in app), the phone itself after almost 2 years of use looks like new. Has some quirks. I cannot archive any of SMSs with Samsung Kies software - why? I'd like to archive all of my SMSs on the home HDD / NAS. With Kies I cannot see any of the in-phone-archived SMSs. The manual does not help with that point.When connecting microUSB cable to your B2710 check first if your microUSB plug is long enough to go through rubber armour of XCover. Also the microUSB plug shoul be oval in section rather than rectangular. Many people complain of bad computer connections with B2710 which I guess might be due to the above. I find genuine Blackberry Pearl microUSB cable very suitable, also Amazon Kindle 3G genuine microUSB cable fits well when pushed hardly into XCover socket.Solid B2710 has great digital voice recorder (dictaphone). The sensitivity for the human voice is very good, as well as the quality of *.amr sound files (play your *.amr sound files with QuickTime or RealPlayer), which are also well compressed and small in Mb. For many in-case recordings I often prefer to quick use my handy XCover rather than separate digital recorder. Please keep in mind to set up your B2710 phone into the Airplane (Offline) mode before starting voice recording, otherwise the first incoming call stops your recording.What I heavily need is phone call recording (both parties), but I cannot find the way to record phone calls with B2710. There was a rumour about Java app, but B2710 has very limited Java capabilities. If any of you heard abot phone recorder for XCover 271, pls let us know!

Item is as described,was packaged adequately,and delivered in a timely manner,very satisfied. AAA seller.I like it. Normal text spellings and grammar often chooses wrong primary word.Not a biggie.

This is the kind of problem we on the west side of the technology curve face every day; things just don't always work.  The phone is great.  Sounds good, works good with T-Mobile pay-as-you-go.  Reception is great.  Battery life is great; lasts me two weeks.  Everyone I know who has an iPhone or Android run out of battery ever few days and always have to cut our conversations short because they're running out of juice.  This phone is like the Energizer bunny!I bought this phone for two reasons; to get away from the smart phones and to ensure I could connect to my car's audio system.  It connects, but is keeps disconnecting then reconnecting.  Support doesn't really exist because this was a UK phone in the US.  So there's no resolution to the bluetooth problem.  I guess I'll try again to find another phone.  Too bad, this seemed like a perfect phone.  By the way, I was able to move my 16Gb memory card from my Android phone to this phone with no problem.  [sigh...]

I bought this phone 10 days ago, and just had to charge it for the first time. The battery life is phenomenal - even with twitter, texting, and using the phone for regular voice calls.I was able to use it in a heavy downpour, just because I felt like it - and when I got it filthy out on the trails, I just washed it off. This phone is completely amazing.Update after ~6 mos:Still completely amazing. I average about 8-10 days of battery life with calls/texts. I've accidentally dropped this phone down a rocky wash and recovered it with no more than a slight scratch. It's operated well below 0F flawlessly, and it gets the job done. The best feature by far is the flashlight, however, and that has been useful way more than I would have expected.Twitter works ok, provided you don't use the new style authentication. The pedometer is excellent and fairly accurate, even for very multi-day treks.

This phone is awesome! It's waterproof by IP67 certificate, which means 30 min on 1m deep in the water.I've tested the phone by half a meter submersion for 20 minutes and it received calls under water. It's very impressive!Of course, you can find many tests of this phone on youtube. Someone even put the phone into a container with water, put the container in the freezer and after it froze up call on him. BUT... do you really need it?As for me, it's enough to be sure that my phone is rugged, waterproof and it has a GPS!!!Yep! It has Google maps preinstalled, but you can download and install any java-based map program like GPSMid or MapNavThis package contains:1. B2710 phone2. Euro plug power adapter 110-220v (Micro-USB standart)3. Micro-USB Headset4. Instructions Manual, warranty certificateToo bad the USB to Micro-USB data cable is not included. Why, samsung?!The firmware version is B2710XXJK1, so the phone localised for central Europe countries:Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Spain, England. The keypad is english.The Pros:1. Waterproof and dustproof. I've tested it :)2. Rugged construction, hard to break3. GPS, and good enough. 3-6 meters accuracy with AGPS otpion4. Torch Light5. 3G/EDGE GSM6. Java software platform, you can install some soft you needed7. Google synchronisation (contacts, mail)8. Samsung appsThe cons:1. The torch light can be switched on when keypad is locked.2. The keypad lock options is uncomfortable3. It has a weakspot on waterpoof, it's a data/power port cover. You must check it.4. No micro-USB data cable included. I've used one from Motorola5. Bad camera and terrible video quality, but it's a PHONE, not a camera.6. Lack of internal memory7. Digital compass is not precise8. No WiFiAnyway, the pros is more than cons, and for it's price you will have a good, reliable, waterproof GSM phone with GPSSearch the forums, and you can find many interesting info about how to make this phone even better.

I just received the phone and have been using it all afternoon. I can't speak to long-term use but I can give initial impressions. So far I love it. I am amazed it is as light as it is for being so rugged. The size is a little bulky but is to be expected considering its build strength. Reception is good and sound quality is pretty decent. I wish earpiece volume went a little higher but its still adequate. The user interface is simple and clean. My only concern is the cover over the Micro-USB connection. With the regular use it will get, I expected a little more solid piece. Still very excited to have it though!I have used it for a couple days and I am subtracting one star due to overall audio quality from the ear piece. The loudspeaker for speaker phone calls is really good for such a small phone. But the ear piece I use most often is very low. The voices sound almost canned. At max volume there is distortion from callers on the other end so it needs to be backed down by one notch for better sound quality with a little lower volume. Overall good reception and no dropped calls of many made. Very happy overall.I now have two weeks of solid use across much of Florida and I still continue to like this phone a lot. A small improvement that might be nice is not having to press and hold the unlock key for so long before unlock occurs. An older Samsung I had gave the ability to hit "Menu" then "#" to instantly unlock. Still no dropped calls and reception is great despite having an ultra low SAR rating.

I bought it as mobile phones are not sturdy. It is great. I dropped it in a pond once and it works still. Waterproof. It is rugged enough. I wish it has louder micro speaker as I seem to lose my hearing a bit.

This phone is for my husband who likes things to last forever.  After extensive searching, this phone met all of his requirements.  It is a sturdy phone that is simple to use. Battery life is VERY good, 4 days without needing to charge.  Reception is good, voices sound clear.  Texting is a little tedious because it doesn't have a Querty keyboard. This is mostly a talk phone.  The flashlight  is bright.  The flashlight button has to be held down for a few seconds before the light comes on.

The many highlights and pitfalls of this phone are outlined in previous reviews. My intention with this review is to provide a quick check list of items that will allow you to decide if this phone is appropriate for your usage needs. Also, further down, I have provided the settings I used to enable the multimedia messaging features of this phone for the AT&T; network.Who this phone is for:- People unhappy with the current United States tough phone selection. It is highly limited on AT&T.;- People who are looking for primarily a calling and texting phone. Advanced media features are here, but not always available (if you are using AT&T;, you cannot get 3G speeds) and also clunky compared to true data featured phones. If you are on AT&T; and want data, this phone is not for you. If you are on Verizon, this phone will not work. If you are on T-Mobile, it would appear all features should work (however, I cannot attest to that statement personally).- People who do not wish to renew their 2 year contract, but still get an affordable phone. This phone was only slightly more than renewing my contract with AT&T; with a far inferior tough phone - the Samsung Rugby.As a previous user of the Samsung Rugby, I love tough phones. I use my phone for calling and texting. That's it. So the fact that this phone cannot use high speed data on AT&T; is of no consequence to me. If you are like me, and looking for an affordable and practical phone -- this is it.I love to go into the woods and not worry about my phone. And I love being able to leave my phone out around my nieces, nephews, and dogs and not worry if it will be broken. This phone is more than capable of handling all that abuse and more. Call quality is good, texting is very simple with T9 predictive text, and it boasts a wealth of little extras that make using the phone enjoyable. I'd recommend this phone over the Rugby hands down. Product arrived very quickly (less than 1 week) and boxed appropriately from HassleFreeCell. They included a US power adapter in the box, as the adapter that comes for this phone is not suited for US outlets. NOTE: There is no data cable in the box, but you can easily swap files with any Bluetooth enabled device.Now, unlocking the multimedia messaging takes some finesse. And here are the settings I used to get it to work on AT&T.;Go to: MENU > SETTINGS > NETWORK > CONNECTIONSCreate a new connection.SET NAME: Media NetACCESS NAME: wap.cingularAUTH TYPE: NormalUSER ID: (leave blank)PASSWORD: CINGULAR1 (all caps)Protocol: HTTPHOME URL: [...]PROXY ADDRESS: 66.209.11.32PORT: 80LINGER TIME: 300ADVANCED SETTINGSSTATIC IP: OffLOCAL PHONE IP: 0.0.0.0STATIC DNS: OffSERVER 1: 0.0.0.0SERVER 2: 0.0.0.0Traffic Class: SubscribedAfter you save this, go to APPLICATIONS > MESSAGES > MULTIMEDIA MESSAGES > MULTIMEDIA MESSAGE PROFILESAnd select the Media Net profile you have established. That's it! You should now have access to send and receive media text messages.UPDATED: Note I have encountered a quirk with this phone on the AT&T; network. Common with unlocked phones, I am unable to turn off the voicemail notification icon. I have no voicemails, and have tried all the usual phone tricks to remove it. After some searching, this seems to be an issue I'll have to live with.But it is a MINOR issue, as call reception, battery life, and durability have all surpassed my expectations.

The phone works perfectly fine with the T-Mobile sim card.The phone was not for me, but while setting it up the UI was simple and the buttons were durable.This phone as an LED light on top which is a really nice touch.I have not had any complaints from the person I bought it from and it still seems to be intact, and this person has destroyed about 3 - 4 phones already in the past few years.

I have bought 3 of these phones; 2 through Amazon and one through Ebay.  Both of the units bought through Amazon were flawless, and new in box.  The one through Ebay was sold as new, but clearly used and in terrible shape.The phone itself is perfect for anyone not interested in owning a smartphone.  It's seriously the nicest dumbphone I've come across.  Loads of really nice features, a decent screen, a workable camera, nice keys, and it's waterproof.  And you can drop it.  And the battery lasts for days, literally.  It has a flashlight (although no camera flash - I personally don't think that matters, but some people care, I guess).  Works great on Tmobile US.I don't give 5 stars easily, but this deserves it.  Awesome phone.

I bought this because I absolutely refuse to buy into the &#34;smartphone&#34; monthly billing rape game.  I wanted a basic phone with some modern features that was relatively rugged and weatherproof enough to handle getting rained on now and then, that wasn't going to break the bank.  So far it hasFor any other smartphone-ish features I need, I can always use my iPod touch and iPad mini.  Wifi hotspots are a dime a dozen these days.  Who needs cellular data other than your hard-core traveling businesspeople?  Besides, I have to carry a stupid Blackberry for work anyway, and that has a data plan.Pros:1) Water resistant2) Nice screen3) More-or-less-easy-to-use menus4) Rugged construction5) Largish keys6) GPS coordinates easily retrievable7) Nice loud speaker8) Clear and good reception on AT&T; network9) Works with AT&T; &#34;go Phone&#34; pay-as-you-go phone plans SIM card10) Reasonably priced11) Micro SD card slot12) Decent battery lifeTook off a star for:1) Stupid usb-connected headset - no RCA jack2) Spotty luck with bluetooth media playing on various car stereos.  Phone-only bluetooth connectivity seems to work fine, though.3) Texting prediction is not very easy to use and seems to prefer German out of the boxAfter all, 5-stars should be reserved for near-perfection, right?Haven't had a chance to test it in any &#34;international&#34; scenarios yet, and probably never will need to.

I was tired of babying expensive phones and wanted something rugged that could take some abuse. This is certainly what i was looking for. Thus far, i have dropped it, drowned it, and even jumped on it (accidentally) to no damage what soever. The battery lasts 3 days with moderate use with no need of charge (lots of texting and ~2hrs talking per day). The flashlight is very bright and has come in handy many many times. Service is great as well - I live in Oklahoma and during tornadoes it is impossible for most people to make or receive calls/texts - I have never had an issue. KEEP IN MIND that this is an international phone, that means that you will have to spend a little time adjusting some settings to get it to work on our phone system. This is not difficult and there are plenty of webpages that can help you to accomplish this.Cons:Can be very slow and tends to freeze up if you do certain button combinations when sending texts. I just remembered what they were and dont use them.TIPS!!!!: My phone came set so that predictive text was set for russian or something. To change that, create a new message and while the cursor is in the message box, hold the * (star) key down until a window appears. The second option will allow you to change your language.

Save your money. Don't even think of buying this worthless piece of junk. the voice sound quality is abysmal.  The layout of menus foolish.  Design pass&eacute;.  Proprietary headphones with a weak connector and lousy sound.  I could go on, but it disgusts me.  How can they get away will selling junk like this.It does not deserve any stars, but no stars is not an option. Nothing about this phone is good.

The GT-B2710 is a great phone, rugged and has many of the features I was looking for.  Bought the unlocked "International" version which came with a Euro style wall charger but did have an adapter for the US.  The included manual was in Czech and the phone initially booted up in Czech.  The English version of the manual is readily available as a PDF on the web.I'm on T-Mobile in the USA and have used it roaming in the UK and France with no problems.I don't have a data plan so can't say anything about the browser or data linked features.Display: Bright enough except in direct sunlight.GPS: The basic GPS (under Settings) is just Lat/Lon and Alt. I did put TrekBuddy on it for more useful GPS features.  The cockpit displays are useful for location and speed but the maps are difficult to see.Camera: Photos are decent for 2MP.  Video was not all that great.Flashlight (a.k.a Torch): As mentioned by other users, the switch is not locked with the keypad.  The light can get turned on any time in a pocket or pack and run the battery down.  It is bright enough for finding your way in the dark.  I have used it as a bike headlight in a pinch.Calendar: Useful for basic appointments and anniversaries.  Does not support advanced repeating events such as "Every month on the 3rd Tuesday".Quirks:1) I managed to create an alarm event which disappeared in memory somewhere.  It was still active but I could not see it, delete it or edit it until I made enough new alarm events to get back to that spot in memory.2) Similar to what was mentioned by another reviewer, after updating something, maybe firmware or events in Calendar or adding Contacts, the phone would occasionally just stop responding to the keypad for upwards of about a minute and a half.  It seemed to happen most often while moving and may be related to the hand-off from one cell tower to another.  I tried all sorts of changes to the settings but nothing seemed to help.  One way to recreate the problem was to power off the phone and turn it back on.  Once the normal display shows, start pressing a keypad button and watch numbers show up on the dialing display.  I could get about 4 or 5 digits in before the phone would stop responding and just sit there for about 97 seconds.  A Master Reset seems to have corrected the problem.  I don't know what caused it in the first place but I will check the phone more often now to see if I can discover a likely cause.----------------------------------Update:After extensive testing and some luck, I think I have narrowed the problem to Calendar alarms. The total number of Calendar alarms, even for dates in the past, impacts the time to boot up and the search time when moving between tower locations.The times on my phone were:Alarms, Boot Delay (sec)0, 048, 1252, 1366, 1995, 34120, 50171, 90So anything more than a few dozen alarms will cause annoying delays at random times throughout the day.Note: There can be lots of Calendar events, just keep the number of active alarms to a minimum and the phone seems to work fine.

good looking, easy working, good made by Samsung. Nice phone for everyday use. Only to block keyboard is anoint, dont like the way to do it.

I have had this phone for over a year now and it is absolutely the best phone I ever owned. Works great all over the world with local sim cards. Works well with blue tooth connect in any vehicle. AT&T signal reception is better with this phone where others are marginal (compared with 4 other phones of different brands that we have in our family). Compass, flash light, pedometer and other features work fine. Phone iteself (in my opinion)is the right size and right weight. I have no problem seeing display even in the bright Florida sunshine (adjustable brightness is available).I have no data plan and rarely text - I feel the cell phone should be for phone calls, like a car that should take you from point A to pint B regardless of features. For minimalist, who appreciates simple but functional design, this is the phone to have!

It's in use for maybe a year now and works without problems. You can do a lot of funny stuff with it that you wouldn't dare doing with other phones. The right toy for people with an &#34;active lifestyle&#34;.

I'm ruff on phones, my motorola atrix lasted longer then this, fell off my lap as I was getting out of my car, fell two feet, now have broken screen.........nice

I'm an architect and I work largely at construction sites. So the B2710 looked like just the kinda thing that could be handy for me, I wasn't looking for a "smart" phone with a 20-inch keyboard, just something to make calls and stand up to tough work conditions.On "ruggedness" of the phone I was impressed. It feels sturdy and its already survived some close calls although the screen did scratch after just a few weeks from putting it into and out of my jean pocket.My biggest complaint is the samsung user interface. I used to own a Nokia and the OS on the samsung just sucks by comparison. There is a VERY noticeable lag-time between pressing a button and the screen reacting, which causes a lot of wasted time trying to get through menus. The engineers at samsung get a C- from me for overlooking small things like menu customization and ease-of-use.The other thing I'm not happy about is that for a "dumb" phone its pretty clunky, not to the point where its my top concern but a few milimeters would've made a big difference.Bottom line, if I could do it all over again I would NOT buy this phone!

I took this phone to South East Asia with me. Worked fine, even accidentally went swimming with it and it stayed waterproof. Would recommend for overseas travel if your going to the ocean, etc. Not much money either in case it is lost or stolen. People tend to ignore it unlike the expensive bar phones. Those are thief magnets overseas.

I returned this phone. It has an international charger with adapter that quit working after 3 days. Also, the flashlight comes on in your pocket, even with the keypad locked.

My 2710 Samsung has worked well as described however, the face plastic cracked while the phone was in my pocket with car keys and Swiss army knife after about 6 months.  Not as tough as has been described and now the screen is blotchy and barely readable.  I do intend on getting another one---with a carrying case this time--

The battery on this phone is amazing, but the software is lacking many features. I was shocked when I found out that this phone does not support speed dial.

This phone is purely amazing.  I wasn't really into getting those smart fancy gizmos phones which required alot of care, complications, and money.  I would consider this phone to be be a "tough" phone rather than a smart phone.  It has all the necessary functions you need for a cell phone in my opinion:-Calling and talking is superb, call quality is crystal clear and phone reception is a lot better than I assume.-2MB camera will give you decent quality pictures; when you upload them to your computer it will be big, clear, and non distorted.-Texting option is simple and direct, for those who are used to T9 texting, the buttons are big enough for you to press without pushing too many buttons at the same time.  The shape and bulging keys aid you to text without even looking!-Applications: it's good all the basic tools you need ranging from games, internet aps (facebook, twitter, gps, etc.) office aps (calendar, calculator, alarm, etc.) Media aps (mp3 player, video player, picture viewer) and all other things you need!Now for my favorite parts:-This phone is literally tough and when I say tough, it's durable-Dropped it many times and still working fine-Completely waterproof, actually took this phone with me to take pictures of my snorkeling trip in La Jolla, CA-Meets my lifestyle activities, I'm active type of guy plus I am in the military. I must say for the price you're paying, it's on par with my military standards-Flash light is ridiculously bright-Battery lasts forever, I literally had 3/5 of the battery life after a 5 day cruise on a ship without charging my phone!-It's different from the rest of the phones, it stands out-It's simple, small, and appealing-It's easy to take the battery cover case off (as long as you carry a coin, some sort of flathead object)-Screen is easy to read, bright enough to see-Speaker on this bad boy is very loud, I like to play my mp3 music in the showersThe only thing it needs is the the USB converter cable to connect the phone to the computer so I can transmit files from and to the phone! This is worth the money! I've destroyed literally 7 phones in my lifetime, 3 of this times involved jumping into the pool / running into the beach without thinking haha.

While waiting for this ordered phone to arrive (in transit) I attempted to locate a spare Samsung 1300mAh battery that comes with this phone. Samsung UK is out of stock. Found a few offered on the internet with only 1000mAh rating. Generic brand only shipping directly from China demanding PayPal. The advertised extended talk time and standby time cannot be achieved with these generic lower-rated batteries:Genuine Samsung Battery for GT-B2710:1300mAh standard battery capacityStandard talk time: up to 870Mins (2G) / up to 380Mins (3G)Standard standby time: up to 610Hrs (2G) / up to 590Hrs (3G)This Samsung phone model has been out for a couple of years but still no genuine Samsung 1300mAh replacement batteries available in the USA ???

Good basic phone if that's all you want. As a window cleaner I also use it to listen to music via bluetooth headphones and the battery lasts all day long. But the music player is kind of odd. It changes the order of the songs on every album and puts them in alphabetic order!Update 12/1/2012this phone went through the washer and dryer about a month ago and came out just fine...and clean too! AMAZING!!!

If you want a phone that you don't have to worry about this ones for you.  I have had this phone for over a year now and everything still works perfectly fine, minus a few scratches.  I tested to see if it was actually waterproof by putting it in the pool 6 months ago with no problems.  Sine then it has taken many baths in water I also took it scuba diving down to 13 feet so I could take pictures that turned out great.  It has been dropped to many times to count with no defects.  The call quality is decent.  It has one of the loudest ringtones I have ever had on a phone. The battery life is still awesome lasts 2 days even with heavy use.  The only thing that kills it is when I'm not getting any service and it's constantly searching. Yeah people constantly making fun of me for not having a smart phone but hey can they take theirs underwater.  And if I need the internet I'll use my laptop.  The flashlight is the most useful thing about the phone I'm using it constantly and almost feel lost when i don't have it. With an 8gb card I hold unlimited amounts of pictures and videos with a decent quality.  Basically if you need a basic phone that can take a beating.  Or have kids that destroy theirs every 3 months this one is for you.P.S. the phone also has a fake call option that is easy to use so if you get trapped in a situation you don't want to be in you can activate it and just act like someone is calling you.  You can even record a voice talking back so it sounds real.

The phone arrived quickly works fine. I think there may be some features that don't work but it may be because I use this as an AT & T go phone.I got it mostly to see if it would work in Mexico and it does. Not a smart phone but nice and functional.

We have four of these phones among our friends. The levels of abuse, which were applied to these telephones in our hands are really overly harsh.Sinking in vodka, rum, beer, cold water, hot water, throwing them at the walls, throwing on the floor, falling off enduro bike, doing canyon hikes etc.There are downsides, of course, slow, bad screen, you name it. But it does what it is build for, it works in any conditions. Battery life made me lazy, I simply forget that I have to charge the phone. I can easily take it to 5-6 days hike and be sure that I won't need to charge it at all.GPS function works okay, we used this rugged baby as a GPS navigator when doing offroad enduro trails two-up.I mentioned that my phone died gloriously yesterday. It was abused by throwing it, it already had less than half of side buttons/protectors left, the protection glass was broken, but screen itself holds off liquids pretty well :P My drunkard friend was stomping on the phone with fury and it's what finished it all. Phone was still working, with damaged screen, but later at night it died from heavy injuries. :)What am I planning to get? Same phone, for sure. Fits me 100%. Smartphone can be good addition to such baby, but battery life is highest priority.

Excellent phone, tough, but there is something big issue with that, it works very bien.Desde Venezuela is Recommended.Fine.. Fine

I have used this phone for travel to Europe with a world prepaid SIM. It worked great, wonderful battery life compared to a smartphone. The camera took surprisingly good pictures. The rest of the "apps" are meh compared to smartphones. The super ruggedized design made me feel confident just putting it anywhere. Way to go Samsung.

The best feature of this phone is it's hand appeal. It is a perfect size and made of materials that allow for easy use. Everything is big and rubberized or soft touch. Perfect for me, a guy that hates plastic, hard to handle, delicate and flimsy electronic devices.For me and my needs, this is a great basic phone with a minimalist look, easy to set up, immediate connection to my T mobile network and functions flawlessly. As always, Amazon never disappoints.

With sparing use, this needs charging once in about 15-20 days- its useful for my motorcycling hobby, so without too much worry, I can carry it in my jacket pockets without having to worry about it going bust.Limited memory and its not loud enough when talking to some soft voiced person at the other end... loud is not loud enough. Cant blame the memory as its an older phone--- but it meets the need- travel on bike- no worry about weather-Remember you cannot go swimming in it or leave it in the rain. It will take a wet jacket pocket, or a drenching in a jeans pocket- but you cannot take a shower with it.Cycling, Running, hiking... weighs nothing, lasts forever- so a three day hike--- easy.

Wow this waterproof phone it's awesome international unlocked phone and its still working good and fast shipping to Alaska too awesome phone and waterproof and its not all that its really tough too from the dust too

This is a nice basic heavy phone for texting and calling for someone with big hands. This phone also fits great in your side leg pocket if you wear carpenter jeans. Owners manual is very basic and not very helpful.The AT&T; store told me that this phone can't send picture messages but they lie.  I use this phone as a $25 a month prepaid GoPhone without a data plan and it works fine if you input these settings.Here are the settings I used to get it to work on AT&T.;Go to: MENU > SETTINGS > NETWORK > CONNECTIONSCreate a new connection.SET NAME: Media NetACCESS NAME: wap.cingularAUTH TYPE: NormalUSER ID: (leave blank)PASSWORD: CINGULAR1 (all caps)Protocol: HTTPHOME URL: [...]PROXY ADDRESS: 66.209.11.32PORT: 80LINGER TIME: 300ADVANCED SETTINGSSTATIC IP: OffLOCAL PHONE IP: 0.0.0.0STATIC DNS: OffSERVER 1: 0.0.0.0SERVER 2: 0.0.0.0Traffic Class: SubscribedAfter you save this, go to APPLICATIONS > MESSAGES > MULTIMEDIA MESSAGES > MULTIMEDIA MESSAGE PROFILESAnd select the Media Net profile you have established.As others have mentioned, once you get your first voicemail, the voicemail icon remains on top of the screen. I have yet to figure out how to fix this.Also, even if you set the phone to English, you still need to find the setting to change your texting to English. Until I did this, mine was trying to text in Dutch Language. I think this setting is found in "Messages".There are some bad reviews saying that there is not a dedicated button to get you back to the home screen. But actually there is. Anytime you push the button above the #3 it instantly takes you to the home screen.

Bought this phone because it was supposed to be rugged and waterproof , PCU shorted out first time it fell in water .Using an iPhone with an Ottter box now, subjected to water and sand all day doesn't miss a beat .

Great piece of work. I bought this phone 2 years ago. I have tested this phone almost everywhere in every emergency situation, from freezing rivers to sand dunes and it worked as intended. Before that, deliberately dropped from 7 meters high building(roughly 20 feet) and it still works. The only weakness of this phone revealed is its 2 adjacent volume buttons on the left side. Both buttons got damaged after another drop from the same 7 meters level, so don't try it, believe me... and unfortunately these buttons turned out to be substitutes for zooming buttons and thus my phone lost both zooming ability and volume control simultaneously. So, couldn't make use of GPS function anymore. Zooming anything like map or text became impossible and calling volume control got disabled. This options are not vital but still serious problem. Despite everything I do not know any other cell phone capable of taking such abuse under 200 dollars. Sonim phones are probably better than this one but difference in price is crucial for me. I rate Samsung B2710 by 4 stars because Samsung failed to deliver promised quality in case of volume buttons, however I give it 5 stars comparing to competitors on the market. Being best doesn't mean to be flawless. Unfortunately, no alternative for this model at the moment.

I got this phone since my last 3 phones died premature deaths at the hands of my 2 toddlers who somehow get a hold of my cellphone no matter where i keep it. On the second day they immersed it in the bathtub. I was happily surprised to find it working as best as before. Apart from drowning it several more times they also dropped it many times but so far it is standing up against all odds :-)

As you probably know by now, this phone is a beast.  It can take a beating and keep on ticking.  It also has great call management features and a loud speaker, and a great overall feel.  It grabs signal pretty well, and this is overall a great phone for business.  I do not beat up my phones that much, but most phones are not made to handle 30+ calls a day.  They can do the high call volume, but after a while they fall apart.  Again, this phone is a beast.  If you can not deal with down time and have serious work to get done without fail, look to the beast.  I just bought another one today for another phone line.

I bought this phone for a vacation we took to Belize and Guatemala.  I didn't care too much about all the extras, I just needed an international phone that I could depend on for calls and text messages.  Turns out I used it for taking pictures and the quality was fantastic!  This phone is loaded with features, is water resistent and worked well for me on the beaches and being tossed around.

I returned this phone because it looks like a child's toy and was  so small it could hardly fit in my hand, as per other reviews this might be usefull as an international communication device but I absolutely had no interest in attempting to use it just by its impractical appearance, if you should feel like myself and desire to return this phone for a refund to this seller I wish you luck my friend, I am still waiting on mine.

TOUGH. TOUGH. TOUGH. The phone is very secure and nice for a back up phone or for if you don't prefer smartphones. The phone comes with an adapter for European outlets, good headset, and Bluetooth capability. The only problem is that though the phone is a good weight and very secure from drops, sand, and water, it has a very tiny screen. And and ugly hud with ugly icons. the vibrate is strong and it functions just like any old school phone.

I got this for my horse-riding, mud puddle hopping, sister, and she is thrilled with it. All the functions of a phone (with GPS a nice addition if you are roaming around the countryside), and very very rugged. Extremely pleased with this.

I bought this phone to replace my galaxy s3 smart phone.  I was tired of paying for data.  I chose this phone because it is very durable and has a long battery life.  When I first received the phone I loved it.  Then I realized that the reception on this phone is terrible.  I work in the same area every day for work.  With my old galaxy s3 I would drop calls about 3-6 time a day.  With this phone I drop calls 15-20 times a day.  I really am quite disappointed that such a great phone gets such terrible reception on at&t network her in the U.S.

This phone works great and is very rugged. Very basic functions but just what I was looking for. If you buy it expecting a state-of-the-art smart phone you better spend the extra $300 for an unlocked one because you will be disappointed with this phone. If you want a tough phone that has some very useful features you will be very happy. I think the other positive reviews do justice to this phone and are very thorough.

I bought two of these... one for me and the other one for my bf. At first we were a bit disappointed because the phone did not read the SIM card, and both cell phones seemed to be locked. We got busy doing other things around the house and then finally tried by: 1) turning the phone off 2) removing the SIM card 3) inserting the SIM card back 4) turn the phone on again. This was enough... The phone immediately recognized the SIM and it started working. There was no need to get any reply from the seller. I might be updating about the phone features later. I highly recommend the seller... phones and accessories got here before than expected and in perfect conditions... product is just as it is advised.

I just got this but wanted to say a few words about it after I read all the reviews1. It's not clunky if you have been using Samsung or LG phones, It's like anything else in the computer world you need to get use to the way it processes input.."The way it Thinks" I actually think this is faster then my Gravity T2. on mine the power adapter is for the USA only and the cord is your USB cord to link the phone to your computer and download the software at Samsung international it's called "Samsung Kies" and it connects fine to your phone from your USB power cord.. I haven't tried the BluetoothI wanted a phone that had the basic bells and whistles like T9 texting, alarms, templates for texting, good battery life, ease of use, calculator, events(birthdays) etc., and I feel I got all this and more and guess what I don't have to spend and extra 50-70 per month for 2 line data plan, which I find surfing on the net with a phone "Clunky"One last thing.. This has a place on the top to put a cord on it to put it around your neck when your out doing some active sports like mountain biking..kayaking etc., cool!! and it's a large enough indent that it is perfect for your finger to grip it to pull it up for the case too..Very Nice Non-Smart Phone!!Update:Just figured out that the smart text (T9)has more foreign text then English so I'll be adding words as I go :) no problemAlso.. I use this with T-Mobile and I couldn't get photo's with messages.. Just did a google search I found out how.. go to gsmchicago and I just went to Network settings and added the simplemms profile and don't enter anything for user and password ..leave blankAs I find new things I'll update..

I ride everyday to work and tour on my Harley.Rain is sometimes unavoidable and used a ziploc to protect my previous phone. For this purpose being water resistant is excellent and now do away with the cumbersome ziploc. The torch comes in handy and extremely bright. Would have preferred a universal headphone jack for other earpieces but is not an issue. Rugged and slim compared to some bulky outdoor phones. Long battery life which is important for my trips.Get it if it suits your lifestyle.

This phone has to be the best I've ever owned. Its small size, long battery life, bright and detailed display, ease of use, and its seamless operation in Europe and So. America was great. Next trip is to Mongolia, will amend this review after that. The vendor was great, package was well packed, I never want a smart phone because of its size, short battery life, expensive service, and uneeded complexity. If I want email, I use my notebook. This phone has been dropped several times and exposed to sea water and driven rain. No problem. Had an earlier Samsung mil-spec flip phone and it was terrific too.

I bought this phone because it is basic and I liked that it was very durable. The phone has nice features but a few things really bothered me. One, when you have 2 or more numbers under a contact there is nothing that says if they are a home or cell and just lists the number so you have to remember what number is what when sending texts ect. The other thing is that unless you save your contacts to the phone, when you put them in the speed dial that only stay there for about a week and then are erased, super annoying. The last thing that bothers me is that the phone is unlocked but you have to set up a special connection if you actually want to sent or receive pictures. I did this and it works but will not let me directly respond to a picture text, instead You have to get the text and then go and create a new text, you can't just hit reply. I think these are there three main issuer I have with the phone. Otherwise it it a good size, has all the functions I need and then some!

**2.5-YEAR UPDATE (4/2014): Phone still going strong. Battery lasts just over 5 days on one charge--still pretty good. The flashlight is such a handy feature. I will be buried with this phone.**ONE-YEAR UPDATE (11/2012)**This phone can use the same charger that the Blackberry Bold uses! I do this all the time now. Also, you can use the BB Bold USB charger as a download cable for the Samsung; just remove the USB tip from the cube-shaped outlet adapater and then plug the USB end into the computer. Then search for "Samsung Kies," which is free software from Samsung. This will allow your computer to recognize the B2710, so that you can download photos to your PC. (I don't have a data plan, so I can't text them to myself.)Also, I finally tried the FM radio after over a year of owning this phone. It rocks! You have to have the earphones plugged in, because the cord serves as the antenna--but you can go to "options" and choose "Speaker" to use it as a room radio. What a great feature. (It even has presets.) That, the flashlight, the ruggedness, and the insane battery life make this phone a great emergency tool for when the power goes out--or for camping trips.**QUICK REVIEW**PRO: Incredible battery life; extremely drop-proof and water-resistant; outstanding, unparalleled sound quality; bright LED flashlight; FM radio; decent camera for a phone (esp. in good light--e.g., outdoors); fake-incoming-call feature; ability to block specific numbers and to hide your number when calling others; fits in front pocket; great hand feel and big buttons.CON: Screen will eventually scratch; camera could be a little more high-res; due to some quirk in using this phone on a US network (AT&T;), every voicemail I receive results in a (free) text-message of a weird triangle symbol that I must open in order to clear. (I'm used to it now.) Somewhat heavy (if that matters to you)--maybe a little lighter than an iPhone.OVERALL: 9.75 out of 10. After over 1 year of use, I love this phone. If you are looking for a something mostly to surf the Web with, there are better choices. (But you knew that.)**DETAILED REVIEW**BOTTOM LINE:IF you just want a phone for phone calls, look no further. Great call quality and almost freakish battery life make this probably the best option (though the Pantech Breeze III is a contender). If you want multimedia texting or web surfing, and you're in the USA, there MAY be a way, but don't count on it. (Regular texting does work just fine.) The bright flashlight and radio are surprising and useful features.BACKGROUND:I bought this phone after months of research. I just wanted a basic, durable phone for making calls, that would fit in my front pocket. That's it. No Tweening or Facefool or whatever the kids are doing as they wander aimlessly into traffic with their faces buried in their phones. None of this "internet" business. I'd been using a barely tolerable call-dropathon Samsung Go Phone. I wanted as close an approximation as I could get of my long-lost, seemingly indestructible LG VX3400 flip phone, from my days as a Verizon Wireless customer. (I flipped for the rollover minutes.)GOOD:Reception is great, as is call quality. Even from our basement. Even on the AT&T; network. Even in Home Depot! It must be the antenna, because I'm pretty sure I've been on the GSM network the whole time.Battery life is excellent on GSM. On its first full charge, it lasted 10 full days. That's with a moderate number of calls (including one long one), one text, many photos taken, frequent use of the flashlight--but no internet use. I find myself charging this phone once a week, and even then, it still hasn't run outta juice.I don't have a data plan, so I can't comment on the phone's web-surfing abilities. If you're in Europe, you can reportedly use all the included features (web and multimedia texting). But in the US, I wouldn't count on it. (Just to see if I could, I did try setting up the network the way one reviewer said he did to get multimedia texting, but it didn't work for me.)I'm particularly pleased with the build quality and the overall feel of this phone--very understated, with a solid and expensive hand feel. I think it resembles some of the more low-key Vertu phones, which go for several grand. It's solid but not bulky. Probably about the same weight as an iPhone--just enough heft to feel solid but not enough to become onerous. The keypad has a nice matte finish, with great key separation. Stevie Wonder would love this keypad. Overall it's very masucline and understated.Although it's rugged and can survive all sorts of abuse, this phone is still pocketable. (Probably not in skinny jeans, but if you own a pair of those, let's be honest: You have an iPhone.) And the size is perfect for a medium-sized man's hand. I keep wanting to pick up this phone; it feels that nice. It's about the length of a Snickers bar, but it's thin enough that in khakis, I don't have a giant bulge in my front pocket. (Not from the phone, anyway--heh, heh.)The speakerphone is incredible. Callers on the other end say I sound great, just as they do when I don't have them on speakerphone.Stupidly, I tried submerging the phone in a glass of water for a few minutes. (After seeing the gadgetstress dot com tests, this seemed like nothing--but the instructions say not to do this.) Afterward, my voice came through muddled to other callers. But a few hours later, the phone was fine.Other cool features: Super-bright LED flashlight; fake call ("Sorry, it's the wife, so I gotta take this--but I really do wanna hear about your toddler's excretions!"); voice recorder; camera that lets you release the shutter when the person smiles; the ability to block certain numbers; and a host of crazy Euro-ringtones that are downright hilarious. (Fortunately, some all-business ringtones are also included.) The camera even lets you edit photos after you take them, to make them black and white, sepia, blurred, etc. There's a pedometer as well.The user interface is similar to that of my old Samsung Go Phone (SGH-a107), but they've made some significant improvements; it's much easier to find the ringtones now, and there are 18 speed dials!NOT-SO-GOOD:The screen did eventually scratch (a little), but it's a rugged phone, so I don't care that much. Hopefully Samsung will upgrade to Gorilla Glass in the successor to this model.Other reviews complain of a balky texting interface, but I'm now used to it.Due to some quirk in using this phone on a US network (AT&T;), every voicemail I receive results in a (free) text-message of a weird triangle symbol. I have to open this text in order to clear the "new message waiting" screen alert. (I'm used to it now.)A super-minor quibble is that the flashlight button is a little jiggly. You have to hold the flashlight button down for about a second for it to come on--but that's probably a good thing, lest it come on while in your pocket.The camera is only 2MP and probably does not have a large sensor--but it's good enough. It's not great in dim light, but few cameras are. Outdoor photos are excellent. (A phone camera should really be a "just in case" thing--just in case you see a dog driving a car and want to get evidence.) This camera does have a TON of features: In addition to the zoom and edit/crop options, there's even a timer function. See my update at the top for how to download photos onto your PC without a data plan.The Google Maps and the GPS don't seem to work without being able to get online, via a data plan. And the included games are only trial versions. But I didn't buy this phone for those features.This phone is a tad heavy, but not compared to most smartphones. But if you're considering this to use as an FM radio/emergency phone while running or cycling, that might matter to you. I actually like the heft, because that's part of what makes it so durable.FYI:The language options this phone vary by what market it was made for. On my particular phone, the included languages are: Slovenian, Bulgarian, Romanian, Croatian, Serbian, Hungarian, Latvian, Estonian, Lithuanian, Russian, and I think Macedonian and Ukrainian--along with English and Korean. But no Spanish, French, German, Chinese, or Japanese. Not a problem for me, just kind of interesting.Unlike many phones these days, there is a volume control on the side, thankfully.The battery compartment is a bit tricky; you have to turn the little screw so that the slot is angled at either 1:00/7:00 (to lock) or 11:00/5:00 (unlocked). You don't keep twisting lefty-loosie like a regular screw. When it's in the unlocked position, slide a fingernail into one edge and gently pull out to loosen the cover. You may notice that on the battery cover, one of the two little tabs at the top looks broken, compared to the other tab; it is not. It's cut away so that the screw won't grasp the battery cover in the unlocked position, so that the cover can come off. (I've seen more than one phone, so I know this is just how they're designed.)CONCLUSION:Great for hikers, travelers, people who work outdoors, or people who just want a very solid, reliable phone for talking/light texting. Fantastic bonus features that you will grow to find useful. AT&T; should strongly consider getting this phone as an official device, to replace the mediocre "rugged" offerings it currently has.BUYING TIP:If your phone is listed as new by the seller, make sure it really IS new; there should be an intact Samsung seal across the seam that opens the box (NOT a blank seal), along with an illustrated Samsung manual specific to this model (also downloadable from overseas Samsung websites), Euro charger and US adapter plug, battery, and earphones. And a warranty card from Samsung.

The Phone has APN setting fields that seem exactly like a German T-Mobile unit.[...]But the data fields supplied by Net10 for both ATT and T-Mobile are totally different.  Even to the point the MMS proxy address is in decimal format  whereas the Net10 data is letters.  I have tried the AT&T; settings listed elsewhere in these reviews but they don't work....probably because of it being through net10 not directly AT&T.;  If anyone has any ideas to make this work it would be appreciated.  I can send text messages and get on the web ok. Just no MMS service. Net 10 says call samsung, but samsung won't support a non US phone!The Net 10 settings are :Field  SettingsName  net10APN  tfdataPort  80MMSC  [...]MMS Proxy  mms3.tracfone.comMMS Port  80And as I said the data fields do not match whats available in the phones network setting. They are as shown in other reviews here.Aside from the lack of MMS, the phone is good.  Sound is good, speakerphone is good, flashlight is really bright. Compass is good.  Installed Google maps is good with its live traffic and satellite photos.  The screen resolution is great to read even microscopic text. Battery life is great.  Buttons are nice. The only issue is that if you have complex passwords on the internet you will have problems entering special characters as the "add symbol" feature is not available once you are on the net.  You have to hit a key multiple tomes to even get a number so I guess memorize and scroll is the answer.If I could get the MMS to work I would give it 5 stars as I was looking for a prepaid hardened phone... but this issue has me frustrated beyond description so I am deciding whether to live with the limitation or get something else. bummer, nice phone otherwise.

You want a good non-smart phone? This is it.I am not a dramatic person and do not require it from my electronics.  The phone maintains good signal; the flashlight is bright considering it's size; the pedometer application calculates bmi and gives total steps, distance and kcal used; the compass is accurate.  I do not use my cell for anything else.  Anyone who "breaks" the screw on the back should not be allowed to possess a tool (When it resists, quit turning. This is a phone, not a chair from IKEA.)Taking it abroad and I will update after my return.

I received the cell phone yesterday, and I already like it very much. The cell phone is very strong and looks like, it will keep the promices for water, dust and shock resistance. The flash light is very bright for its size. The camera, the compass and all other functions works acurate. At&t subscribers can find in Google how to set up the internet access and use email, facebook and more.

All I can say about this phone is GREAT and the battery life is just amazing!!Very comfortable, nice screen resolution and the buttons are very easy to push.

This phone performs like a phone should. Everything that has been advertised and claimed concerning this phone is accurate. I get better signal with this phone than I did with my previous 15 yr old Nokia. My Nokia would pick up a signal when no other phone would... this one gets signal where the Nokia was spotty or had no signal. I showed the phone to a group of friends at the college I attend and told them it was a tough phone. One friend showed me his android tough phone and pointed out that mine was not a touch screen and could not browse the internet as well as his. I don't use the internet... I have T-mobile and pay for unlimited Talk/text. I don't want an android or an I Phone because I have a laptop that performs online tasks with better efficiency. Long story short I had my friend agree to put his phone to a test along with mine (this was about 15 min before our Microbiology Lab). I dropped my phone down the center of a 3 story stair well (each story being 12', so about 4 stories in some structures) and the phone was absolutely fine. My friend was very apprehensive about repeating what I had done, but after some intense peer pressure he complied and his phone's face broke off, the touch screen cracked, and the battery compartment fractured (he had insurance and was not as upset as one might guess). After this we put my phone in a fish tank throughout the duration of our 2 hour lab and then called the phone when we got out... the screen lit up inside the tank and reported an incoming call. I took the phone out and answered the call and could hear clearly.I was an Infantry Marine (Sgt. in 2/3 Wpns Co. out of Kaneohe Bay, HI)... I wish I had found this phone when I was in to say the least. I had a couple of 'tough' phones and countless other phones during my 4.5 yrs of service and I did manage to destroy each one of them. Amphibious landing drills claimed the lives of 2 phones. I brought a motorola tough phone to Iraq because I thought the camera built into the phone was tough and took great pictures... it took a hard blow when I fell down a wadi and began turning on only when it felt like it; later a phosphorous IED burnt it to a pile of nothing. Another phone (the second tough phone/ Iridium phone) I purchased was a satellite phone that cost me about $250/month... I brought this thing to Afghanistan and it stopped working after being left inside a HMWV in the sun for about 9 hours. That phone was an absolute tank, but I guess the heat was able to breech its defenses. I am going to the Mojave desert next summer to see a buddy now stationed at 29 Palms Marine Corps Base and I plan on bringing the B2710 with me... we'll see what happens (plan on doing a good heat test). So far I am very surprised with the phone's performance and look forward to not having to buy another phone for quite a while!!

This is the best tough phone in this price range.  It looks and feels great and has proved itself on a number of occasions.  I work offshore and this is just what I needed.

Just received ordered product.  Arrived undamaged in factory sealed box.Included in delivery was:1 Samsung B2710 phone1 Charger with US adapter1 Earbud assembly1 Battery1 English language product manualPhone is roughly the size of the old Nokia bar phones.  It has a solid feel and the keys and ports are visibly sealed.  The integral flashlight is decent, more powerful than a Photon keychain light, about equal to a 1AA or 2AA LED flashlight.I am currently charging and programming the phone, so it is too early for a true comprehensive review.The included charger fits loosely at the plug and the micro USB port.The screen boots to a foreign language.  Resetting to english is simple.The date is formatted to European system (day/month/year), I have so far not found a way to set to US system.Removal of the battery cover is simple, the screwhead is large and easy to rotate.  Just be careful and do not use force.  Below the screwhead are small symbols representing 'locked' and 'unlocked'.Navigating the menu takes getting used to as of now, haven't gotten to the programming of shortcuts yet.On most of the functions it requires that you press and hold to initiate.I have not yet tried my SIM card.I do not yet have a SD card.I have not yet tried the camera.I will be posting updates in the future.UPDATE:While initially charging my new phone, I found after 7 hours that the battery status icon had not advanced, staying at one bar.I sent an email inquiry to the vendor regarding this.  Despite being late at night I received a reply in a matter of hours by early next morning.  The vendor instructed that the initial charging should take approximately 24 hours and that the situation I described was no problem.I was surprised and pleased by the prompt response.  I regard this as excellent customer service.

I bought this phone to travel internationally, to places like Haiti, Jamaica, Europe, Asia, Australia.  I already have an iPhone which is also quad band but AT&T; rates are a bit expensive. An unlocked world phone allows you to buy local country SIM cards with far, far cheaper rates.  In Jamaica for example, current rates to call back to the US are approximately 1 cent per minute. Local calls are also cheap, or free. I'm just back from a 3 week trip and I think this phone has already paid for itself.This phone has not disappointed.  It immediately recognized SIM cards from Haiti, Jamaica and USA, so far. I have had the phone only about a month, so I haven't used all the features but I'm completely satisfied at this point. The clarity for hearing and speaking is excellent, reception has been excellent (no dropped calls), battery life is very long, features are reasonably intuitive to use. The phone has a robust look and feel to it, actually people have been admiring it! A cell phone as a status symbol! Who knew!?A couple of minor disadvantages...the display is hard to read in outdoor sunlight; also the keypad locks up to prevent pocket dialing too quickly, while the unlocking button is slow.  I haven't found a way to adjust that. But those are are minor issues.  I plan to keep this phone for a long time!

My husband loves it. Thank you

SO so phone, good reception, very good torch, very good battery life like I charge only once per 10 daysunfortunately screen is the biggest let down. I mean come on, this phone was supposed to bedesigned for military??? Screen not visible at all in sun, largest setting for fonts is too smallto be able see it clearly in the dust when under the fire on Iraqi desert plus it's scratchedwhen in my pocket for a few moments with car keys, it ridiculous. What's the point of rugged case when screen is so fragile???Menu functionality is also not good, too complex for simple calls in action, no option for adjusting auto-off which is way too short.I wouldn't recommend this phone to anybody, after 5 months I'm looking to change it for something else.

phone came with some european language setting,manual and if you have a att prepaid simcard you have to contact customer service to unlock simcard first before use without sim unlock you wont be able to get any signal from network

After years of hating the cell phones I've owned, along comes the Samsung GT-B2710 and I'm in love. Set-up was super easy and fast. Very intuitive, which a tech-challenged person like me appreciates. The phone arrived fully-charged. And then I saw something I've never seen on my old AT&T; phone: bars! My house is pretty much a dead zone for tower signals, but this new phone picked up the signal and held it.Getting the Samsung phone to work on my AT&T; account was just a matter of switching the sim card to the new phone. I didn't have to contact AT&T; or do any programming.I use a phone just for talking. No voicemail, no texting, no going online. That means the phone has capabilities I'll never use. For example, I can set up fake calls if I want to (though I never will). Say you are going into a meeting, but you want to be called away from it in 30 minutes. You can schedule that call (from yourself) so you'll have an excuse to leave: "This is an emergency. I'll have to cut this meeting short." That sort of thing.Something I appreciate is the ability to block calls from specific numbers. I pay extra for that from AT&T.; Now I can cancel that added expense.The flashlight is something I'll use because I have trouble finding where to put the house key in the lock at night. Others have mentioned that the flashlight is very bright. That's an understatement.The only thing I would change about this phone is the weight. It is significantly heavier than my old Pantech Breeze II phone and not as nice to hold when talking, but I never have long, drawn-out conversations so it really doesn't matter all that much.I give this product an enthusiastic A+.

My father is a construction worker. He used to destroy all his cell phones which we got through our mobile store. We bought this one almost a year ago and he is still using it. Full of dust and some scratches, but still works fine. The flash light sometimes turns on in his pocket once in a while and the water seal of the charging slot did not last past 6 months, but a great product overall. Battery life is amazing also.

Have had the phone for about a month now. Have taken pictures with it under water, let the baby chew and drool on it to just wash it off in the sink and dropped it several times. still works, functions, and looks new. Also seems to get better reception than my "Smart" phone. The settings for T mobile are on the community support and it also has threaded conversation view for text messages. Also flashlight works great for what it is. Its always nice to have one with working battering that you know where it is.

Was deciding between a $60 Nokia phone and this to use as a temp phone till I could get back into a smartphone. Went with this and thought I'd use it as a backup or for camping/swimming activities. As far as that goes the phone makes me confident that it could handle drops and water. I haven't dunked it in water yet but there are plenty of videos of people doing that on youtube. The software however leaves me frustrated daily. There are flaws in the software especially when typing text messages that I can exploit regularly. If I use this phone for multiple texts and calls it will quickly freeze up and I will have to pull the battery to get it to restart. I've owned cheaper and older Nokias before and they have always handled everything I've thrown at them. At almost half the price I'd just stick with the Nokia next time.

I just bought my second one. I had my first one for over a year now and it is still going strong. I just love how solid this is and I don't have to worry about a bit of salt water spray or sand at the beach. And it is great fun to shock people at a restaurant to dip it in the water glass. And I can just toss it around without it breaking.Today most people want the latest smart phone, but if you just want an indistructible basic phone with very basic access to the internet, this phone can't be beat. Just make sure that your carrier has the Edge network as it doesn't work on all the carriers.

very very poor signal reception, and feel too fragile to handle. i always hate this brand. i just tried again after 7 years, only for the sake of water resistant. but when there is no proper signal reception, even a stone is water resistant. waste of money.

May 2013 UPDATE: The phone now automatically delivers picture messages to the Spam Box. I have not blocked any contacts, I've checked all settings, yet somehow all picture msgs end up as "spam".  This makes no sense and I'm lowering my rating from 2/5 stars to 1/5. This phone is based on a good idea, but the execution is detrimentally flawed; I cannot recommend anyone buy this phone. Buy at your own risk.This is the most rugged phone I've owned (the only kind I buy).  Unfortunately, as much as I want to like it, it's got some significant issues.Pros:* Excellent battery life* Durable* Takes decent quality picturesCons:* Spotty reception* Delivers picture messages to spam box inexplicably* Extremely quiet voice volume (even when speaker is on)* Dim display (even when brightness is turned up to max)* Phone freezes upThese last three "cons" really set the tone for me.  As I'm mostly outside with my work, the voice volume and display brightness tend to be important features I look for on a phone; and if they're lacking, my opinion of the phone will subsequently be low.The phone freezing up has been a more frequent problem of late.  What started as a once-every-couple-weeks issue when I first bought the phone  @ four months ago has gradually become a twice-a-week issue now.  This flaw in the phone has me most concerned.  Hopefully it doesn't get to the point of not working altogether.I like the idea behind the phone and really want to like the phone itself; but given its faults, I can only give it a 1-star review.

Purchased this phone the end of Oct 2011 from Wireless Everything through Amazon.The phone itselfPros RuggedMore Compact Then RugbyCons Poor reception in fringe areasUnreadable screen in bright sunlightNo firmware updatesMajor issue: The phone stopped charging or syncing in June 2012. Changed charger and usb cable still did not work. Supposedly the phone had a 2 year warranty so emailed wireless everything for an address to send to. Retailer gave one word reply Samsung. Contacted Samsung US and was told by rep they would not repair or service the phone and should contact the retailer who sold the phone.Emailed wireless everything , informed them of what samsung said. Wireless said they would get me an address for repair but never did, even though I sent subsequent emails requesting the address.Wireless Everything should be clear in their listings that the international phones they sell may not be supported or warranty covered in the US.

the phone is very nice  and as described  and i received it  on time  and  i expect my friends will order more of it .it is the best for  the person who do  a skill job like mechanics sailors etc....

Update: this phone still works Perfectly. My father said on the remote island he has retired to.... Quote:"when i go down the mountain to go to the only store there to purchase supplies and have a coffee, i laugh out loud !!! because all the other old men have 1 bar or no signal with there smart phones and GPS!! My SAMSUNG has full signal!! and i dont need GPS because i know where i am going!!! LOL!!!!!" Quote: "everybody keeps asking me where i got it from and if i want to sell it!!! I tell them only CIA use these LOL!!!!"The nearest cell tower is over on the next island Correction!!! 12 miles away!!!!!! That's incredible!!!!! Now I can reach my Dad even when he is fishing!!!!!Bottom Line if you are in a remote area but you can see cell tower miles away or line of sight this phone will work!!Just pop in the gsm chip for your country and your done. When you travel just pop in chip for that country!! SIMPLE!!

While I have only had this telephone for one week I have already used it in a variety of environments, wet and dry, and it does deliver as promised. This phone is solid, well constructed and can stand up to the elements.  As for features, I don't want to get into too much detail as there are plenty of other resources online that you can use to find out the technical specs of this device.  As for usability, in terms of signal quality, clarity and basic interaction with the phones operating system, I fell like this phone should last out my newly renewed 2 year contract and do what it is designed to do, function well in all environments.  I was just coming off a contract with a Blackberry 8900, which I loved, but just didn't like paying for the extra data plan on when I decided to go smart phone cold turkey.One of the things I did like about this model was how the interface was very similar to some of the Nokia's that I had previously owned.  This is the type of OS that only takes a click or two to access exactly what you need and with enough practice, can get where you want to by memory without even looking at the screen.While we are at it, let's talk about the screen real quick.  There are a ton of adjustments that you can make to the background, fonts, layouts, size etc. and I find the screen easy to read and very sharp...indoors.  Outside, the screen can be a bit darker than I prefer but I wouldn't say it is totally unreadable, but is a bit dark, even with the brightness turned to max.  I have heard some people say that this is a deal-breaker with this phone and if you live in a bright and sunny climate, you may want to reconsider, especially if you are outdoors a lot.  I didn't feel like docking this phone a star because of this flaw because to me, as long as the screen is usable, I am happy.  Like I said, indoors, the screen is sharp, colorful and can be configured in a variety of ways.What I can't report on, however, is the efficiency of the web browser as I don't have any type of data plan that I can use without being charged. Like I said, I went smart phone cold turkey but I would imagine on a 3G network this browser would handle most basic cell phone apps just fine.  It does have some options to set up e-mail accounts on it but I just use it for its basic organizer tools and phone calls.I do recommend that you check out the youtube videos on this phone.  For me, the proven durability was a major selling point as I was always extremely cautious with my Blackberry and want something not that I can abuse, but can drop and not panic over.Oh yeah, this phone does have a built in flashlight and compass which work very well and while it doesn't look like it, I find the sealed keypad easy to use.  The company that I go through for this phone is a regional GSM network that roams on AT&T; but, any cell phone company that will let you bring in an unlocked GSM phone should let you bring this one in.  As for the price, well I have always felt that cell phones have an unnecessarily high retail price and mine sells for $79.99 with a two year contract.  I feel that Amazon's asking price is fair as you are buying a fairly rugged phone that should give you years of service.Reception-wise, in the steel and concrete high school that I teach in, I always have at least one bar and overall have better reception than my 8900 previously did.  Also, the battery barely goes down.  I might go down one bar in three days with an hour or use per day.  Of course, the battery is only one week old but the battery is rated with a decent amount of talk and/or standby time.Hopefully, I have covered enough basics on this phone and may add to it if I think if anything else.  Let's see, yes it can play mp3's and it does have a built in FM radio that comes with headphones that double as a mic for phone calls.  I believe it can accept up to a 16GB micro sd card but again, you will want to look up the tech specs on your own.Go to [...]gsmarena.com for more details on this phone and don't forget to check out the youtube reviews.  All in all, it has been rough kicking the smartphone habit bit this phone is making that transition a little bit easier.UPDATE:  If you want to see just how durable this phone is, look it up on gadgetstress.com and you will be blown away by the durability of this device.  It rates 94 on a 100 point scale.  Basically after the apocalypse three things will be remaining...cockroaches, Twinkies, and the Samsung b2710!UPDATE #2:  I just added a 4GB Micro SDHC card to this unit and...my PC refuses to recognize it without any software.  So, I popped the card in the larger adapter and then into a Sandisk reader and I was able to drag and drop albums from my music folder (WMA format) and the phone had absolutely no problems reading them.  I have several options such as artist, album and genre view while using the phone to play mp3's.Unfortunately, the headset is proprietary mini USB and I honestly haven't checked to see if there are any aftermarket ones out there, but the supplied headset (which is also used for hands-free talking) puts out pretty good sound.  A decent amount of bass and they were loud enough for my taste.  The phone also supports album art and I may actually use this phone as a substitute MP3 player instead of my old 30GB Zune that has faithfully served me for the last 3 years.  The loudspeaker puts out pretty good volume for listening without the headset, although if you want to use the FM radio, you need to have the headset connected as I would guess it functions as an antenna.  With the headset attached you can also play music through the built in speaker.Really, this phone is almost like the Swiss Army Knife of cell phones.  Yeah, I am sure that there are smartphones out there they have many, many more features and as a former recovering Blackberry abuser, oops, I mean user, it is nice to have a slightly more limited set of features that you can use really well instead of being inundated with a ton of Apps they you probably wont use anyway. Oh, hey, could your smartphone survive a dip in the pool, lake or ocean for 30 minutes or more?  Didn't think so.I still get stellar battery life with maybe one bar out of five disappearing after 3 days of average use (around 45 minutes of talk time per day).Finally...Pro'sRugged quality buildGood battery lifeColorful screenLots of featuresFlashlight and compassGood 2MP cameraLarge easy to read keysShockproofWaterproofDust-proofSimple OSThe Hummer of cell phonesCon'sDim outdoor screenA tad heavySpeakerphone doesn't get as loud as I would like in a noisy environment but is usable.I don't know what I will do when this model disappears because if you are someone who wants a fun, simple to use, regular cellphone, that can survive a tumble off the table, or down the stairs or the occasional roll down the side of a cliff, you really don't have a lot of options.

Have dropped it in water and fallen down the stairs a couple of times. The internet is a problem, since it does not allow for wifi, but I should have read into this before buying. I do have internet service, though, 3G. But screen is so small. It's jot a smartphone I know, and at least I won't kill it like I did with my last pricey samsung. Just needed basic texting and phone. This is it. Although sometimes the calls get blocked and I have to turn it on/off and also I have &#34; butt dialed &#34; people. That's why it gets 4 stars. But hey there is little out there at a decent price in terms of gsm unlocked quad phones. I brought mine to europe since I was relocating overseas and has worked fine in several countries.

The first one arrived in obviously used, with damage to the battery cover.  I had to return it and order a second one, as it couldn't simply be exchanged.  The second one worked fine at first, but developed crackling noises in the earpiece.  I returned it and decided to not try a third phone.

I've had it for about 7 months now, and it still works great. The battery life is great, especially after using  a smartphone. The phone is super sturdy. It just feels durable too. I let people hold it some times, just so they cna feel its weight. Its pretty hefty. I've used it both in the States and with two seperate carriers in Afghanistan.

Came from an iPhone 4s with a Lifeproof case (waterproof/shockproof).  Got tired of living my life on a phone, so I wanted something basic, but still tough.  All the other options on AT&T; suck!  I wanted to try the Nokia 3720, but it was too expensive.This phone is pretty damn good.  Not going to lie, the transition was a little tough.  Now that I'm more used to T9 texting, I realized how much I missed real buttons.  The flashlight is crazy bright.  Speaker is loud.  Still have google maps so I can check traffic in the morning.  Battery life is great.  I spent a few hours initially learning all the features, transferring data, etc and I still have 4/5 bars left after 5 days of use....talk about a difference in comparison to the iPhone!Highly recommend.

Decided to replace my old out of contract and worn out smart phone.  Didn't use all of the features anyway, and I'm pretty hard on phones since we &#34;play&#34; outdoors and I do some service work in my job as well.Looked for &#34;tough phones&#34; at my local ATT store, they had a Samsung flip rugged phone that led me to search until I found this one.  This model actually has more features and was a better deal for my use that what I could buy in the store at no contract pricing.  If you just need a tough phone that makes calls, basic texts, etc. (feature phone) then this is it.  I use a netbook for email and internet access so it sure was nice to simplify.Read all the specs, the GPS really works, compass isn't bad, never knew how much I needed a flashlight on a phone. The FM radio feature is much more useful than I thought.  Manufacturer says &#34;don't do it&#34; but of course I dropped it into a clear container of water and called myself from the office phone while my co-workers waited for an aquatic disaster. Took a little while to dry out the microphone, but no damage!  Maybe this is the 'swiss army knife' of phones?The folks that reviewed the strong signal strength were right on, sound is good, fairly simple to use.  It's a great conversation piece  when others see me using it. (ha ha)This phone does everything it is supposed to, I just put in my sim card, Bluetooth transferred my contacts and I'm off and running.  There are some videos on Youtube for this phone I think in Norway?  really funny trying to destroy the phone, ultimately successful but pretty impressive.  This  model sold everywhere else in the world except the US of course as Xcover 271, and others.  No touch screen to clean or break, just make calls and answer them...what a concept!So if your carrier has GSM, and you are tired of contracts, and breaking your phone, order one up, it came with a European charger, but with a US plug adapter, you can charge it via USB with a micro usb cord as well.BTW, the first one I bought for my wife, I liked it so much, I had to get one too.  I guess that's how it works you buy others what you really want...

I'm a fan of simple phones, so the first point is this isn't a smart phone.  I upgraded from a 7-8 year old Nokia brick.  I wanted another tough phone (the Nokia wasn't formally ruggedized but it was a Nokia, enough said).  I looked at AT&T; phones available on contract since I haven't upgraded in 3-4 years.  Their basic phones were all pretty poor, the nice phones are all "smart".  I was tempted to get the Rugby Smart Pro, but it requires a data plan, which I don't want.  Long story short - a friend sent me this phone as a possible option.  After some online review, I ordered it.  It arrived a few days later and was exactly as described.Context - I'm on AT&T;, and I used setting provided by another reviewer to get SMS/MMS to work.  Note - I can receive MMS, but I'm not sure I can send MMS.Pro's:> Rugged (note - I dropped it on the pavement to demonstrate it's ruggedness to a friend.  I chipped the plastic body slightly but the phone works.  I also put it under water, still works)> Long battery life - I charged it over a week ago when I received it.  I'm a moderate user, a few texts and a few phone calls a day.  Still has half battery, and I've left bluetooth on.> Good size/form for my hands (a subjective quality, but a pro for me)> Works as a phone.> Charger is mini-USB, thank god it's not some crap proprietary connector.> Flashlight.  Sure it's a gimmick, but I often use my phone as a light (especially when I can't find my flashlight), it's nice that it has a dedicated one.Con's:> The UI is kind of crappy.  It's not a smartphone, so I don't expect much, but some functions (sound profiles, bluetooth, etc.) could be easier to access.> No 3.5 mm headphone jack, uses the mini-usb, that's annoying and doesn't allow me to use a universal headset.> Crappy ringtones - though to be fair, only Nokia has good ringtones and you could import whatever you want.Untested/Neutral:> Camera - I took a picture, it worked.  I don't expect much of a 2.0 mp camera on this phone.> GPS - It tells you your current GPS position.  Doesn't track or give direction (though there is a compass which works sufficiently well).  It works, though I'm not sure how much I'll use it.> Music - I don't really listen to music when I'm out and about, so I can't rate this.> Data connectivity/web/email - I'm not using the phone for data, but I can guess that email/web surfing on this would be subpar.  Get the rugby smart pro if that's what you want.

It came quick. The phone was set up for Portugal or Brazil, can't be sure. However, I found a tip from one of the reviewers how to switch it to English. It is sturdy phone, with the flashlight. It has good reception and menu options are well thought out. Works with T-Mobile in the US and with any carrier in Finland. Only need to replace the SIM card. I am using microSD card with it to store pictures, messages and such. This phone has camera, but I do not take many pictures.

Screen was bubbled. Should not have gotten past inspectors. Very disappointed in this phone. While think twice before buying a Samsung.

Very easy to use and friendly for my 70 years old mom. She can use it without asking all the time how to... hahaha love it!

Got it for my dad how's a construction worker. So far so good. The flash light comes in handy. Battery life is great. Even everything u need in a basic phone. Not for tech people.



My Motorola Tundra (Tough Phone) Broke the day before i ordered this Phone, Shipped same day as ordered and arrived two days later! Very Very Pleased with everything! I now have a new Phone to use while going camping this coming Week! The phone is Awesome! Flashlight is Bright, sound Quality better than expected with Calls & Music. Menus are great as well, much better phone than a Motorola(tm) In my Opinion, and I'v only had Motorola(tm) Phones until this one, in which all have broken (screen problems). This phone doesn't fold! Which I like! thats how my Tundra(tm) Broke, Flat-Wireing wore through in Hinge. Overall I have no Problems/Cons with this Phone and can say it is a great Buy if you are looking for a " Tough " phone!  Also very fast with sending/receiving Txt Messages which is most of what I do. Calls/Music are more clear than Expected by far!  Great Phone and well worth the Money! I vote A+++!

Others have already covered this phone's features, here is my simple list of pros and cons, after using it for the past couple of weeks:Pros:1) Excellent call quality (when using headphones), even with only one or two signal bars.2) Great FM radio (with some limitations, below).3) Great battery life (commonly lasts 4+ days without charging)Cons:1) The GT-B2710 is *filled* with minor quirks, bugs, design oversights, and inconveniences.2) My phone has crashed/hung on me 5 or 6 times in my first two weeks & 100 text messages.  When it crashes, it will sometimes self-restart if I wait for a couple of minutes, but usually I need to remove the battery.  Removing the battery is challenging to do without a tool like a flat-head screwdriver.  Crashing usually seems to occur when the T9 word list is triggered.  It's not possible to permanently hide or disable the word list, unless you disable T9 texting altogether.3) There is a noticeable typing lag/delay.  When texting, I often type faster than the phone can handle, and must go back and correct the resulting typos.4) The phone's ear speaker is very quiet, even at maximum volume.  The headphone volume is great, but hearing to a caller without using headphones requires positioning the phone "just right" against your ear, and even then is difficult to hear a caller, especially if you're not in a quiet environment.5) The micro USB headset/charging port is kept watertight by a tight-fitting, gasketed rubber plug.  If you don't have strong, long fingernails, accessing it is a challenge without a tool of some sort.6) The voice mail notification indicator remains permanently on, once it's triggered the first time.  There doesn't seem to be a way to clear it.  I've tried many things, including AT&T;'s FAQ web site instructions.  On AT&T;'s network (and perhaps others), the phone will receive a coded text message when checking voice mail.  This message doesn't appear on AT&T; branded phones, they may use it to clear the voice mail icon.  From what I understand, phones require special AT&T; branded software installed on them, for this to work properly.  I am using the commonly recommended APN settings for AT&T;, the same ones I was using with my AT&T; branded phone.7) The default radio volume is not saved or configurable.  If you're listening to the radio and switch out of it temporarily to take a call or use the camera, the radio volume will automatically revert to half-volume, which is unpleasantly loud.8) The radio can be played on the phone's loudspeaker, but only if the headphones are plugged into the phone.  If you remove the headphones, it will turn off.  What the heck kind of logic is that? UPDATE: I've learned this is likely due to the headphone wire doubling as an antenna, as it does for other phones.9) The phone's two shortcut buttons are not user-configurable.  They are permanently set to Menu and Contacts.  Only the center 4-directional pad can be configured with custom shortcuts, from a fairly limited list of options.10) Text messages cannot easily be backed up, saved, or exported to PC from this phone.  The Samsung Kies PC software is supposed to have an import/export tab that allows this for most phones, but it does not appear when the GT-B2710 is connected to a PC.  I've spent hours searching for an alternate method, but there doesn't seem to be one.  The only way to save or export text messages from this phone is to individually forward/send them to an email account or other destination.If I knew of an alternative BASIC (ie. non-smartphone) SIM-compatible phone with an ergonomic, robust, bug-free design which supports easy text-message exporting from the phone to a PC, I would definitely prefer that to the GT-B2710.  If anyone can recommend one (especially one that would be compatible with AT&T;'s voice mail notification system), please let me know!  I would gladly replace this phone with it.

Some good features are exceptional battery life, a great headset, and I really like the FM radio app.The bad is that the plug port wont close properly, rendering it a not waterproof phone, which is why I bought it in the first place.  Reception is weak, cuts out alot when on the road or in fringe areas, unlike other Samsung models I've had that were exceptionally strong.  The buttons are tiny, as is the screen, though it is sharp and bright.I think manufacturers are so focused on the computer phones that they have quit putting any effort into developing great telephones.

I purchased this based on other reviews, and just wanted a dead simple, no frills phone. More features, more things that can go wrong. After testing this in Liberia, Monrovia Africa, it has performed great. Great battery life, quad-band GSM has worked well, very good call quality, solid feel.Depending on what application you are thinking of purchasing this item for, the lack of features could be a draw back, but for a dead simple, reliable phone that is rugged and has great battery performance, this works perfect.For more details, check out the UK site, I couldn't find one for the US.[...]

It's a tank, waterproof, shock proof, back cover is hold by a bolt,excellent battery,good signal, good speaker by the way, it's not easy to get a good one.2.0 camera, i wish it was better  = (Flashlight, excellent, but i can turn on in your pocket, no matter that the keyboard is locked.so watch out,software could be better, for example call logs .... at least a week...definitely recommend it to anyone that need a workhorse....

Bought this due to the type of work I do. Although I have not used it in dusty conditions, I told my brother who was visiting, about it being water resistant, and he grabbed it and stuck it in a  glass of beer, twice. Both times it was halfway submerged, yet it still works fine. Very user friendly, and the radio feature (hands free)is cool. I have a samsung flight II (touch screen texting) for after work and I hate it compared to this.It only took three days for arrival which was faster than expected. My only complaint although minor is that the language it was shipped with was Portuguese.

Gave me 3 weeks of battery life once. Till date it is the best back up phone I have ever owned in my life. Shut up and buy this.
