
ME GUST&Oacute; LA RECEPCION Y LA ENTREGA DEL EQUIPO. RESPONSABLES.AUNQUE EL EQUIPO QUE SOLICIT&Eacute; FUE EL BLACKBERRY 9100 Y EL QUE RECIBI FUE EL 9105, ME PARECE QUE IGUAL ES BUEN EQUIPO AUNQUE SOLO CAMBIA LA POSICION DE LAS LETRAS.LA CALIDAD HASTA LOS MOMENTOS ES EXCELENTE.

Great phone, I had a storm 9500 which last about a year, the humidity from the place I work killed him. Eventough I deceided to get another blackberry, I choose the Pearl 9100, which I am happy with, up to now, but they said it comes with a qwerty keyboard and came with a regular phone keyboard with 3 letters in each key, it dissapointed me but since I do not have time to return it I will keep it, so be aware that you get what you ask for!

Really nice product.  All the features works very good.For my taste the keyboard is too small.Amazon service is really good.

hi please could you say me if this bb 9100 is an unloked cellphone and i need than this work in 850 mhz by movistar latin america

all features are good except what not work in 3G if not EDGE,this said made in Mexico and before 4 months I bought the same phone and I dont have problems with it.

exelente producto y muy resposable el vendedor a la hora de hacer el envio, conplacido con la compra. lo recomiendo

Very Good! recommended 100% successful transaction. totally new product with all accessories in box. released online used movistar in Venezuela. Thanks!!!

I bought a celular BB 9100 with 05 bottons per coluns and 02 letters by botton; according the information in the Amazon site. I recieved today a celular with only 03 coluns and 03 letters by botton. I am going back to Brazil this week and I don't who will solve my problem solve. I din't test yet the celular.

I bought this cellphone for a gift, when the person finally open the cellphone this was damaged, at first time i was angry and i filled a claim thinking the cell was refurbished, i contact the seller and he offer me several options to resolve the problem, ( change, RIM warranty, repair, discount, etc) i took the repair by myself option and the seller pay the reparation in order to resolve quickly, i finally resolved the cell problem and the seller gave me a refund. Even when my phonne was damaged i reccomend the seller because he answer  me quickly and gave me several options to resolve, some sellers Are not like this one, so good for him !!!pd, the technician told me the cellphone was not refurbished because it had all the internals marks as original, just bad lucky for me i received this with factory poblems.

No levantan 3G en Venezuela, solo para Digitel no vienen para banda 850! No tra&iacute;an la opci&oacute;n de poner en espa&ntilde;ol y la versi&oacute;n del software era vieja.

I have an IPad, and didnt want an iPhone, even though everyone else has one. My priorities are size, phone, text, email. I don't want to carry a glass brick, and as much as I acknowledge how cool iPhones are, they are too big, too glassy,and too heavy for me.  I just need a small phone that I can do limited texting and email with. That makes the Pearl perfect, even though its getting a little old.If you don't watch videos, or check Facebook of your phone, and like small, you will love this phone.Drawback: the trackpad fails after much use, and that's annoying. Maybe they will make an iPhone small and light enough for me by that time.

They sent me another model of phone and with other 3G specifications. the advertisement clearly stated BB 9100 with 3G band 900 (1,4,8) and sent me a BB 9105 with 3G band 1900 (1,2,5,6)

It supose to be the model with 3g bands 1,4,8  I asked that way but it was the other one with 3g bands 1,2,5,6

My order reached much earlier than expected and was in the exact condition as the seller (Happy Mart) advertised. It is an unlocked phone, but there was only one problem. From the second day onwards of using the phone, it began to stick, and the internal memory (90MB) automatically became less and less as hours went by, eventhough i didnt install any apps on the phone. This was only temporarily fixed when i took out the battery while the phone is on, and put it back in. Every couple hours after replacing the battery, the problem arises again. This did not significantly affect the usage of the phone though since it was only the BBM and the contact book which was sticking.Apart from that, when i ordered the phone, i contacted the seller and they responded within 2 days which was good. I would recomend buying from Happy Mart.

I'm not satisfied with the product, because it came with the trackpad twisted and it stopped working a few days of use. I had to review and trackpad seemed used. Or get repowering or bad assembly or received a blow. It arrived one work day late but with all accessories. i don't have another complain.

friend will buy 2 blackberry 9100 and you sent me 2 blackberry 9105, also works with bands 1,2,5,6 and I need to work with 3G HSDPA bands 900/1700/210 because my operator is Digitel, as powerful to me I'm from Venezuela and my phone arrived today

El precio es muy conveniente lo he probado en latinoamerica por motivo de mis viajes y funciona en todos los paises que he visitado. Solo compro los chip's de operadoras locales activo el plan de datos y listo.

I bought the BlackBerry Pearl 9100 with a reduced qwerty keypad and I received the BlackBerry Pearl 9105 with a normal phone keypad, which was very disappointing.

el tel&eacute;fono vino malo no carga y eso que lo compre nuevo ,de igual manera le falto el forro que salia en la foto cuando lo compre no estoy nada satisfecho con la compra ,vendedor irresponsable ojo con este vendedor

The phone was all i have expected, it works so good, very fast, take good pictures, allow to be in touch with all my friends and it isn't so much expensive.

so, after reading people experience of getting 9105 instead of 9100, I decided to ordered from husslefreecell, but on the check out page, it always comes back to some other company.After contemplating for a while, I decided to pay extra $30ish and ordered it from AMAZON.COM LLC.the packages comes great, everything including the manual and quickguide is there. as well the data (usb) cable + charger with plug adaptors.the only thing missing is the SD card.the 3G is 900/1700/2100 as written on the tech specs.start up screen show's Voda**ne, which suggests it's from the Australian/Oceania market.and yes it's 9100 NOT the 9105.if you are looking for 9100 with 900/1700/2100 UMTS, definitely be willing to pay extra $30ish and order from AMAZON.COM.

I boutght this cellphone because I wanted to use it in Venezuela, and it did'nt came unlocked, once I started the phone appeared "insert MEP code" and I asked the people here that know about blackberry and I found out that it isn't free for any carrier in the world! I'M REALLY MAD BECUASE NOW I HAVE TO PAY TO UNLOCKED SOMETHING THE IT WAS SUPPOSED TO CAME UNLOCKED!!!I can't return the cellphone for as you can imagine I'm not in the states! You ARE A FRAUD!!

el articulo funciona excelente en venezuela a penas llego le coloque el chip y funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n con el envi&oacute; el proveedor fue responsable lo recomiendo

Hi folks, nothing bad regarding BlackBerry brand itself. The item arrived sealed and with a BlackBerry description 9100 included on the box. To my surprise, when I've opened the box I saw the wrong item. A Pearl 9105 instead of 9100. The difference? The first one you have two letters by bottom with QWERTY keyboard. The latter, you will find the regular ABC keyboard usual as any other mobile that you can found elsewhere. That said, I've entered in contact with Amazon Customer Service and requested a refund for my order and they promptly provided me a Return Label by electronic mail. Awesome service regarding to guarantee and improve your customer satisfaction. Bad retrospect to the reseller that sent the wrong item. You can browse it online and see what I'm talking about. This is the first time that happened such situation, but this was an item that is fulfilled by Amazon and sold by a 3rd party seller. Take note of that. Good luck on your purchase. There is no reason for keeping a device, even if its newer than I've requested, since this is not according what was announced. Reseller: OEM Shop.

VERY GOOD, THE PHONE JUST ARRIVE ON TIME, AND IN THE CONDITIONS AS DESCRIBE BY THE SELLER, I RECOMMEND IT, THE PHONE IS SMALL COMPACT AND IT HAS THE EVERYTHING I NEED IN A BLACKBERRY THE OLY THING I STILL DONT KNOW IS HOW TO CHANGE THE LANGUAGE

El teclado no funcion&oacute;, lo envi&eacute; a arreglar y tampoco pudieron arreglarlo. Si bien el tel&eacute;fono es muy lindo, lamentablemente la calidad de los BBerry es muuuy mala. Lo compr&eacute; y tuve que devolverlo, no hab&iacute;a manera de hacerlo funcionar !!

Good day,this is to ask me my money back the team DOES NOT OPERATE as it is reconstructed not new as indicated, the phone fraudsters is blocked and does not admit line of any kind, give me back my money.Yojorfan M.

Hola soy de Venezuela, el producto es exelente lo recomiendo ampliamente, tenia una preocupacion con el sofware de que no viniera en espa&ntilde;ol y en efecto es asi no viene con la opcion en espa&ntilde;ol, igual estoy contecto con el producto aunque tengo que colocar el sofware en espa&ntilde;ol. Les recomiendo que pregunten primero al vendedor si viene con idioma en espa&ntilde;ol. La entrega fue en el tiempo estimado.

good afternoon my order arrived incomplete, sent email and I do not know what happened would respond that my phone came with no charger

The sales rep team was good. Nice and friendly. Calm and was listening to the problems. This team is flexible and gonna make you feel good. Good place to buy blackberry products.

No me vino liberado el tel&eacute;fono, de paso que dice telcel a fuera, en la parte de abajo. Y no es El Modelo Que ofertan en Pantalla. Que hago con ese tel&eacute;fono no me sirve no lo puedo usar para ninguna operadora en Venezuela. Perd&iacute; mi dinero o que??? Quiero una respuesta urgente que hago???? Estuve leyendo y a muchos compradores le paso lo mismo (&iquest;como le puedo enviar un email a la tienda para que me env&iacute;e el c&oacute;digo de desbloqueo para liberar las bandas y utilizar movilnet en mi pa&iacute;s?)

Es muy f&aacute;cil su utilizaci&oacute;n! Me encanta! Estoy muy contenta con la compra!. El tel&eacute;fono es de los mas c&oacute;modos para llevar! es mucho mas peque&ntilde;o que los blacksberrys comerciales (bold, javelin, etc) aunque es mas peque&ntilde;o y liviano, sigue manteniendo la comodidad en las teclas para escribir.

The description says "compatible with ... 3G HSDPA 850/900/1700/1900/2100" MHz. It is not compatible with AT&T; 3G wich is 850/1900MHz.This cellphone has UMTS bands 1, 4, 8 (900/1700/2100MHz). There is a another version of this phone that has 850/1900/2100MHz, it is different from this item.No full manual (only quick guide), no software CD or SD card, but these are minor issues.Other than that the phone works fine. Fast UI, good reception, great battery life. No problems. Internet browser works without BIS.Just no 3G on AT&T.; Be sure to check 3G bands that your provider uses.

no puedo dar una opinion de este producto por que no he resivido mi pedido ni siquiera se donde este, quisiera saberlo me siento estafada

This was my 1st time buying an unlocked cell phone and it was quite an experience.  While my phone did not actually arrive unlocked, it is now working great.I have had the original Pearl 8100 for 3+ years and it finally broke.  I was tempted to buy and iPhone or a Droid phone, but really like the small size of the Pearl.  The new Pearl mouse works great and this new Pearl has the same small size and weight of the old Pearl.  They did change the USB to the thinner micro USB and the headphone jack changed to the standart MP3 stereo type headset, so I needed new chargers and headsets.The phone features are generally the same.  The main difference is the web browser works much better.  While it is a long ways from an iPhone, it does everthing I need for work including being an occasional GPS when needed.I highly recommend the Pearl if you want something you can put in your pocket and forget about.

Hola, lo puedo recomendar, lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones y en el tiempo establecido.No lo catalogo excelente porque no hubo ning&uacute;n aspecto sobresaliente.Gracias

hello i'm from venezuela, order the cellphone blacberry pearl 9100 and when i got it here, it wasn't the cellphone that i order, they give me blackberry pearl 9105, i was sooo mad because it wasn't what i ask. I just wanna know what happend??? and why??

Luego de haber recibido mi nuevo Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - Unlocked Phone, me siento satisfecho por la calidad de producto obtenido. Lo uso con la operadora Digitel en Venezuela sin mayores problemas. Lo actualic&eacute; al Sistema Operativo 6.0 y se mueve muy bien!!! Las fotos son excelente y el rendimiento de la bater&iacute;a muy bueno!!! Le coloqu&eacute; una memoria de 8Gb que usaba con mi antiguo Nokia E71 y la maneja excelente!!! Recomiendo este producto altamente!!!

Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - International Version - Blacklos equipos bienen repotenciado, y da&ntilde;ados hasta oxidados, y vendedor es inrresponsable con lo que ofrece y no cumple con la garantia. no lo recomiendo. el vendedor es wireova

Hola compre un Blackberry 9100 pearl 3G Unlocked cuando estuve de vacaciones en orlando hace una semana y cuando le coloco el sim card de movistar me pide un codigo. Quien me puede ayudar???

Es un bonito telefono, lo compre hace un mes, lo probe con mi chip de movistar y funciono perfectamente. lo recomiendo porq es economico y versatil.

Todo muy bien el telefono llego totalmete nuevo le funciona todo, muy bien por la gente de FGS TRADING, al cual le pregunte y me respondieron con toda amabilidad, me dijeron que el telefono funcionaba en 3G con las bandas 1, 2, 5, 6 las cuales sirven para movilnet y movistar en Venezuela! trajo su cd, sus manos libres, su cable usb y su cargador con adaptador de calidad, hasta su microsd de 2gb y todos sus plasticos en excellente estado todo muy bien!!

muy bueno el producto me llego en menos del tiempo estimado y era una oferta que me dieron soy de venezuela y todo muy bueno exelente recomendado a ojos cerrado

Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - Unlocked Phone - International Warranty - Blackno compren esta gente me estafo con este producto, cancele 10 dolares mas para que llegara rapido , cuando llego a mi pais el envio llego con un acta porque el paquete presentaba signos de violacion,el acta indicaba que solo estaba dentro de la caja un cd, un cargador y un forro, EL BLACKBERRY PEARL NO LLEGO, yo nunca acepte el envio lo rechaze,ahora bien he realizado por este medio miles de denuncias y una vendedora me respondio que en mi pais se encontraba el paquete y que llegaria,que en venezuela cobraban impuestos ridiculos y exagerados,hasta la fecha nada de nada(lo compre el 17 de mayo).volvi a enviar un mensaje y la misma vendedora me dio ahora otra version que el paquete habia salido en buen estado .miren la contradiccion.les exijo me devuelvan mi dinero

I bought the cell phone two weeks ago, and it dont function because the battery dont charge. I have been writen to the seller but, I dont have any answer yet.

Excelente equipo, no he tenido ningun problema en cuanto a su funcionamiento en Venezuela: le coloque el sim card de Movistar y al encenderlo solamente le cambie el idioma y listo a funcionar el 100% de todas las aplicaciones. Ademas la actualizaci&oacute;n es super f&aacute;cil con el Blackberry Desktop Software. Es un celular magnifico; lo recomiendo.

NO compren con este vendedor pides un producto y te envian otroy de mala calida y como uno es de sur america, que les va estar importando lo que te envie.. solo les digo esto "DE LA ABUNDACIA DEL CORAZON HABLA LA BOCA"..

Excelente equipo. Su tama&ntilde;o y dise&ntilde;o son bien aceptables bastante c&oacute;modo, no tiene nada que envidiarle a los otros modelos en cuanto a funciones. Todos sus accesorios nuevos, manos libre, cargador (no funciona el tipo de conector en Venezuela), cd del software, memoria..! Lo compre en FGS Trading, llego en perfecto..! Gracias a Lobrito por la explicaci&oacute;n de 3G para Venezuela, el mio lo compre con banda Banda 2 = 1900MHz y trabaja en 3G para Movilnet y Movistar sin problemas..! Los que quieran que levante 3G para Digitel tienen que pedirlo Banda 8 = 900MHz, esto deben pregunt&aacute;rselo al vendedor antes de realizar la compra..! Saludos desde Caracas Venezuela..!

El telefono es muy bueno, facil de usar, comodo de cargar por su tama&ntilde;o reducido, cuenta con menu en espa&ntilde;ol ya integrado, rendidora bateria y con cable USB integrado.lo estoy usando en Venezuela y no tuve que desbloquearlo para ponerle mi linea MOVILNET con la cual no funciona el 3G (limitante que no se si es x el tlf o x la operadora).Lo compre en HassleFreeCell y realizaron la entrega a tiempo y el equipo en perfectas condiciones!Los recomiendo!

Unfortunately I was bought this item, my brother picked up for me and brings to Colombia. When I unboxed the cell phone, it wasn't the 9100 reference, it was the 9105. So bad, I'm very disappointed.

the phone was new but the touch trackpad was defective so i had to return it. I was able to test the phone and it worked great (except the trackpad) i recommend it if you love blackberries.

ESTOY CONTENTO POR EL PRODUCTO, TODO PERFECTO, LA COMPRA FUE EFECTIVA Y R&Aacute;PIDA, NO TENGO NING&Uacute;N TIPO DE QUEJAS NI PROBLEMAS, ESPERO SIGAN PRESTANDO UN BUEN SERVICIO,

El tel&eacute;fono es excelente!! Muy buen desempe&ntilde;o, lo compre en FGS Trading, llego en perfecto estado con todos sus accesorios, incluidos una memoria de 2GB, liberado y con las bandas 3G 1900MHz para usar con movilnet y movistar. Es un tel&eacute;fono peque&ntilde;o y con buenas caracter&iacute;sticas para los amantes de los Blackberry.

El modelo que me enviaron fue el que pedi... desbloqueado, todo en orden... el problema fue el trackpad que vino flojo y uno que otro detalle... en general 3 estrellas, ya que llevo 8 meses con el celular y todo bien, lo unico fueron esos detalles en  el equipo...

Hace poco compre un equipo a esta compa&ntilde;ia (OEM) y me enviaron un smarthphone blackberry con un cargador samsung ,me lo enviaron sin caja , y les escribi y ellos dicen que enviaron todo bien, de verdad deberian de tener mas atencion en eso, yo compre todo desde venezuela ya que mucha gente de aqui compra por amazon, y tampoco colocan la descripcion o el contenido de la caja del telefono.

I bought this phone for my dad as he had the pearl flip phone and liked the keyboard and needed an upgrade.  The phone was either damaged during shipping or is defected.  When i got the phone, i had so much trouble charging it because it would hold the charge.  Finally got it charged after too many maneuvering techniques, then a day later my dad was putting it to charge and he couldn't get it charged again.  Had to do the same thing as the first time because the phone seems to have a short in it.  The headphones came damaged, i am completed annoyed by this as my dad really wanted this phone.

descripcion en espa&ntilde;ol, excelente telefono liberado, el uno contra o lo unico malo es que el 3g no funciona para la operadora de movistar en venezuela.

El t&eacute;l&eacute;fono lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones, nuevo y con sus accesorios. Totalmente liberado y con el software en espa&ntilde;ol. fue s&oacute;lo incertar mi chip y listo.

Es muy buen tel&eacute;fono, es 3G Y TRABAJA MUY BIEN. Este en particular no me trajo la funda, ni las instrucciones en CD, ni aud&iacute;fonos, y tampoco trajo el adaptador de corriente correcto para usarlo en Venezuela. Adem&aacute;s tiene el detalle que no agarra 3G con Movilnet.Otro que compr&eacute; directamente con Amazon si me trajo todo lo que &eacute;ste no trajo y funciona el 3G con cualquier operadora. A pesar de que me cost&oacute; un poco m&aacute;s.

i used to use this phone, it has very good battery life - lasted 2 days without recharging, unlike my milestone - only 4 hours, or 6 hours on standby

I recieved my celphone and everything is OK. I test the bb with Movilnet and I'm happy for my selection.

EL BLACKBERRY 9100 ESTUVO DA&Ntilde;ADO EL PIN DE CARGA Y ESTABA PUESTO EL DE UN NOKIA. NO PUEDO DAR UNA BUENA REFERENCIA LAMENTABLEMENTE PORQUE EL CELULAR ESTABA CAMBIADO LAS PIEZAS ORIGINALES.

I receive this phone on Monday and I was surprised to discover that the OEM shop had sent me the non-QWERTY to fulfil my order for the QWERTY-fashioned 9100. I was shocked & disappointed. I thought it was a mistake until I read the reviews and discovered that I am not the only customer the OEM shop had DELIBERATELY sent the wrong phone.Why am I so assertive with my accusation? On the box of the phone that was sent to me, the sticker that bears the details of the product was deliberately placed over the area of the box that clearly notes that the phone in the box is a 9105 model.I hope Amazon will take appropriate action to correct this but I would advise customers not to buy the phone from the OEM shopQ

make a purchase by a 9100 and sent me a 9105 which does not comply with my order the 3G is good for Digitel in Venezuela

If you're not getting an iPhone, get this! Simple and to the point! Battery lasts longer than I expected! Screen looks great!

Buenos D&iacute;as soy de Venezuela y compre este equipo aproximadamente hace un mes, lo utilizo con la operadora Movistar y me va de maravilla. El telefono me llego en perfecto estado. No tengo critica alguna para este equipo

Me pareci&oacute; excelente el producto. Ped&iacute; dos tel&eacute;fonos y hasta el momento me han funcionado de maravillas. Son nuevos como dice el vendedor. La pila esta nueva y trae todos sus accesorios primordiales.  De verdad que estoy contento con ellos.En cuanto al envi&oacute; todo fue en el tiempo acordado. Gracias.

bb 9100 is very compact. internnacional is unlocked. works perfect in vzla. possesses all the active functions. does work because I bought other bb 9100 and 9105 on amazon and bbm does not work outside U.S.. is unfortunate. but this model and seller recommend them

DISPOSITIVO TIENE LAS BANDAS ABIERTAS TRAJO CARGADOR, CABLE USB, CD DE PROGRAMA LO UNICO FUE LOS AUDIFONO NO LOS ENVIARON,

Todo muy bien el telefono llego totalmete nuevo le funciona todo, muy bien por la gente de FGS TRADING, al cual le pregunte y me respondieron con toda amabilidad, me dijeron que el telefono funcionaba en 3G con las bandas 1, 2, 5, 6 las cuales sirven para movilnet y movistar en Venezuela! trajo su cd, sus manos libres, su cable usb y su cargador con adaptador de calidad, hasta su microsd de 2gb y todos sus plasticos en excellente estado todo muy bien!!

I buy two phones and one looks used. Only one box brought the manuals. I order both cellular and only one of them was bringing the software. And I Buy Them NEW. I feel cheated! And I have no time to return them...

I like that this Blackberry is slightly smaller than the other Blackberrys. Texting does take time to get use to and I think that you could text faster on a full keyboard Blackberry than the Pearl but other than that I like it an will stick with it for the convenience of the size.

I bought a blackberry pearl to Happy mart, this product come with failures he working about two months only!!!Don't buy any item to HAPPY MART they are very irresponsibles!!!I'm not happy with my happy mart's business!!!! I hate them!!!!!!

me encuentro en desacuerdo con el producto enviado, aunque es un blackberry no es el modelo que ofertan en pantalla; siendo esto de mal gusto. esta mal hecho de su parte ofertar algo y enviar otra cosa.I find myself in disagreement with the product shipped, although a blackberry is not offered on-screen model, being this bad taste. this wrong on their part and send offer something else.

The Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth you can use it in Venezuela because is unlocked. My aunt used with Movistar and works perfect

Everything was as expected, the product was all well handled and received at the time that was told, even before

Muy buen servicio, el producto solicitado llego mucho tiempo antes de lo estimado!  estoy 100% satisfecha. El proveedor es confiable.Gracias! ;)

el telefono esta en buenas condiciones funciona muy bien sin ningun problema en movilnet , digitel y movistaar levanta 3G

Hello One question: Its possible before buy the article; know which is the three G Band Conection where this phone work ? The options are: one two five six or one four eight; This info is very very important for Venezuelan Customers

the package arrive on time, no problems. I love this phone, it's powerfull, I'm just upgrade the OS to 6.0 and run great!

Can one of the people that already bought this very product from the seller please verify that this is the Pearl 3G 9100 with QWERTY keyboard?I got confused when reading in the product descriotion that this is the "international version" - does this mean this phone has an ABC keyboard like the ones you get in Europe or Canada (Pearl 3G 9105) ?Please let me know what the international version is refering to.many thanks,Dominik

I really love this phone and gave it a 4 star only because it is not compatible with the 3G here in Jamaica. It is still a very good buy

Buenas Noches me hab&iacute;a tardado en escribir porque estaba esperando el comportamiento del tel&eacute;fono ya que fue un regalo que le hice a mi sobrina, ella me ha comunicado que no ha tenido ning&uacute;n tipo de problema con el tel&eacute;fono, su operadora es Digitel y me dice que funciona super bien.

THIS CELL IS GOOD... I HOPE A MAJOR QUALITY OR MORE TECHNOLOGY NEW.. BUT ARE GOOD.. I SALE THIS CELL BECAUSE I NOT LIKE

muy buen tel&eacute;fono me ha servido mucho no tubo ning&uacute;n problema el vendedor excelente lo recomiendo bueno lindo y econ&oacute;mico

Good Day.I am writing motivated to buy a phone brand Blackberry Pearl 9100 Unlocked 3G Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Optical Trackpad - Unlocked Phone - International Warranty - Black on the 19th March and it has not come,

I paid for a 9100, I got a box labeled as 9100, but it had a 9105 inside!!!... I've read this is not the first time this happens with this seller (The OEM Shop).Besides, to me, this seems to be done on purpose since is not the first time this happens AND they only give you the chance of returning it and getting a refound. You won't get the right model, even if you try... You can only get a refound! You can either still wasting your time to get your money back and look somewhere else, or stick with what you got but you didn't wanted/paid for.My advice to you is: &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;DON'T buy from "The OEM Shop">>>>> (they earned it)... Try somewhere else!

This phone is a small gem; the OS can be upgraded online and this is worth the effort.However the SAR rating of the phone is high, and I can feel the difference compared to BB Storm.

El telefono funciona perfecto en Venezuela con Movistar. solo tuve que cambiar la sim card y listo. Me llego en perfectas condiciones y en la fecha prevista. Satisfecho con la compra y recomiendo al telefono y al proveedor. Saludos!

excellent!!! I loved it!!!  el producto es identico y con las mismas especificaciones que muestra el vendedor, works perfectly in my country

I have not been able to use the computer to 100% because reboots itself constantly.for this reason I can not give an opinion or improve current

Excelente equipo.... Primero que nada lo compre desde aqui en los Estados Unidos, pues ando de vacaciones. Apenas me llego en el tiempo acordado, lo que hice fue probar mi tarjeta sim de Venezuela (Digitel) y agarro el 3G en 5 segundos, super rapido... Abri el Blackberry Messenger y por supuesto que me agregue a mi mismo y me lo acepto. Esta desbloqueado, es decir, no es solo que puedas utilizar el equipo, sino que ademas levanta  3G y aparece el nombre de la operado en vez de aparecer "Requiere Activacion", que es un fastidio... Todos los accesorios y TODO NUEVO! Solo levantara 3G con Digitel si lo llevas a Venezuela como han escrito otros usuarios... Ya le instale el OS 6 .424 y va de maravilla!BTW lo compre del vendedor FGS...Edicion! 6/5/2011Excelente vendedor! HassleFreeCell! 100% recomendable! El equipo sirve para Digitel 3G a la perfeccion, me vino con todo menos con el push pero lo compre por 7$. Excelente!

I bought this cell phone because it said it was unlocked, I live in another country outside the US and I SPECIFICALLY needed and unlocked phone. Well, it turns out that it wasn't! And I losted my money because by the time that I got the phone, I couldn't return it because of the politics of the seller. And the worst part is that there's nothing I can do about the phone because it has 0 MEPS, and what this means is that it can no longer be unlock. So I ended up with an useless phone, with which I can't do anything! This was a TOTAL scam! Don't recommended at all! Actually, I was very upset about it, and still am.

Hi! Even when I am rating the item with only 1 star, I am not saying this cellphone is bad, in fact, the cellphone is very elegant and nice. I just want to ask everyone that please do not buy to The OEM Shop. I placed an order for a Blackberry 9100 and they sent me a Blackberry 9105, this cellphone is also very nice and very good looking, however, I can not get 3G with my cellphone company in Venezuela (Digitel) because the bands supported by the 9105 are different from the ones supported by the 9100...

muy satisfecho con el producto ademas que me llego en tiempo recor pronto volvere a comprar muy contento  con ustedes gracias

Todo excelente lo unico malo es que el cargador no trae el adaptador para los toma corrientes comunes y lo otro es que falto el forrito de cuero pero de resto todo bien. Ojo este s&oacute;lo levanta el 3G con Digitel ya que posee solo las bandas 1,4,8. Se lo Compre a HassleFreeCell.

el telefono es como lo describe el vendedor el problema en que en mi pais venezuela el telefono solo funciona 3g es con digitel y el dice que con todos los operadores

This is a very good phone and the seller make me a bill for 99%, so i haven't to pay taxes in my country i like this seller is very smart and think about us i recomend, thank you friend.

" IT WAS PURCHASED FOR USE IN VENEZUELA, TO INSTALL THE NO LINE IS CONNECTS TO THE SERVICES OF RIM, SINCE IT IT IS BLOCKED AS STOLEN IN THE SERVERS OF RIM THEM THANK RESOLVE ME THIS INCONVENIENCE IN THE SHORTEST POSSIBLE TIME "Information updated on 01/05/2012; the seller offered help to solve the inconvenience and is it processed the refund once received the new product will be changed the rating.

compre 2 de estos equipos ""Sold by: Amazon.com LLC"" y uno de los equipos vino con el pin bloqueado no se puede activar.I purchased 2 blackberry 9100, and one of them came with the PIN locked, I can not use the pin on any carrierSold by: Amazon.com LLC

Hi,Sorry for my bad english, i'm from Venezuela (Latinoamerica) and have two questions:1- This phone can be used in molvinet line?2- You deliver invoices or warranty?Please respond quickly because I want to buy telephone soonThanks

Full credit to bb to come up with such a good phone, but i am totally unsatisfied with the seller. The title read that phone is unlocked, but it was not!I had to pay extra cash to get it unlocked.

Buy this phone because I loved the design and when they received heavenly worked perfectly, but two months is only active flash causing wear on the battery, and also will damage the card reader. A whole lost money

I love  this cellular because is very complete, have an excelent presentation, the price and accesories is very good.Do compare to similar products this is the best!.. I'll buy other ....

como voy a describir el celular y como voy a dar mi opinion si esta es hora que todavia no me llega el celular,demasiado lento..ya tengo tiempo esperando el celular y nada

el celular es muy bonito me gusto liviano, peque&ntilde;o yo quer&iacute;a uno as&iacute; que no llamara mucho la atenci&oacute;n tu sabes por los robos c&oacute;mo ocurren aqui en Venezuela .Lo unico es que dur&oacute; mas de un mes para llegarme

I loke my peqrl, and I laugh at my friends who have large bold phones, I put on my shirt pocket and can forget it,  aplicattions fast camera and flash best

This is a very small phone. I bought it for my nephew. I don't like it at all but he decided on that one. It is cheap and comfortable.

disculpe. buenas noches. compre el telefono el 28 de december de 2012 y aun no ha sido procesado!!! por favor agilice en la tramite; ya q me considero una persona responsable. gracias. soy de venezuela

compre el equipo y nunca lo despacho, debido a que cuando oferte estaba en un precio muchisimo menor. que irresponsabilidad, claro nunca lo despacho porque le iba aumentar el precio no le convenia entregarlo... pesimo

excelente equipo, modelo nuevo tiene el software actualizado muy rapido las teclas son nuevas  reune las caracteristicas exigidas por el comprador,

this company PUT GROUP thief me they send me a phone with more than 120 hours on phone calls and they said it was a NEW telephoneBE CAREFULL WITH PUT GROUP

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, LLEG&Oacute; EN MUY ESTADO Y FUNCIONA MUY BIEN CON MI OPERADORA (DIGITEL - VENEZUELA). RECIBE MUY BIEN SE&Ntilde;AL 3G. LO RECOMIENDO ALTAMENTE.SUGERENCIA: DEBERIAN INCLUIR ALGUN ACCESORIO CON EL EQUIPO, POR EJEMPLO LA FUNDA.

I bought a Blackberry 9100 from the Amazon.com page from a dealer called the OEM shop.What I experienced was like a nightmare nearly til the end. The long story short:-As said i ordered a BB 9100-I read in reviews that the OEM shop sends sometime instead BB 9105-I wrote them to tel that they shall be carefull with my order and send the correct item-They promis 100% customer satisfaction-The shipping was fast, but WRONG and i received a BB 9105-(the unit was NOT NEW either in I don't know yet if it is working) as promissed-They refused to replace or redund since I live not in the US (no joke!!)-Thanks to Amazon a-z warranty I got a refund from amazon and never heared of THE OEM SHOP AGAINThake this as a WARNING from dealing with THE OEM SHOPMy thanks to amazon a-z whom refounded me, exept for import and tax

Compre este telefono para mi esposa, ella es una mujer practica y no le agrada tener en sus manos aparatos poco manejables, este telefono es a la medida de sus necesidades, tiene la tecnologia de los blackberry de teclado completo, el wifi es una maravilla, y sus aplicaciones estan a la altura de la modernidad, lo recomiendo a ojos cerrados que lo compren. Su dise&ntilde;o con sensor es lo maximo, es facil de llevar y ocultar de los pillos, esa si es una gran ventaja.

I bought this one just prior to going overseas. It is not an unlocked phone. Locked to AT&T carrier only. Tried to hack it, but no luck. A waste of a lot of money. It's still sitting here a year later unused. Had to buy another unlocked phone while traveling.

it has an amazing model! it came at the agreed date and in very good conditions!with all the accessories! (:
