
this phone, i guess, isnt terreble. the nice thing overall is that it is android of coarse and i can get facebook and youtube and a lot more while im on the go. i can also play some games but a lot of games you cant really play because it is too slow and laggy. for example i cant play angry birds because the phone simply just cant handle it aka the game is too fast for the phone.also, it freezes a lot and i often have to reboot it. a lot of times when im just simply sending a text message or updating my status on facebook i press a letter and it takes like 10 seconds or more just for one letter to appear on the screen. the phone also freezes when you are in the middle of doing something and especially while your on the internet. and sometimes, just out of the blue, your just going through settings and it will freeze or lag like crazy. and a lot of times the little touch buttons on the bottom of the phone aka the settings, home, back, and search buttons are not responsive and you end up pushing them more than once and then it will just completely freeze. and a lot of times if you just slide open the keyboard it will just completely freeze or you just have to wait a long time for the screen to turn sideways.however, a lot of times it isnt like this. sometimes it will work great but probably the best thing to do when the phone starts getting slow and laggy, just to take out the battery if it is completely unresponsive or just to turn it off and turn it back on. dont leave the phone on all the time because sometimes it just needs a break.like i said however, it is a nice phone to have but i wouldnt get it if you dont have the patients to wait for it to load sometimes or else you will probably end up either chucking it, seeing if it floats, getting a hammer, or all of the above :) fortunatley i do have the patients for it so that is why i didnt put it as a one star because it is a convinient phone like i said in the begining it is nice to know that you can get your facebook notifications and text messages and emails and a ton more and it is all in your front pocket. but if you have a short patience fuze... i would reccomend paying the 300 + dollars to get the optomus or something that you likely wouldnt destroy :) o and btw... you can also get your music on the phone and if you download the app music download from the android market, you just have to search for a song or artist and it will pop up and you can download all of your music for free and its not illegal :) just thought id throw that in there

I've had my Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept phone for about a month now. Everything works great and I'm 100% happy with it and recommend it to everyone. I had a LG phone before this one and it sucked! I have had Samsung phones in the past and from now on I will ALWAYS have a Samsung. They are great!I've been a Virgin Mobile customer for 4 years now and love the NO CONTRACT. I pay $47.50 a month for 1200 minutes with unlimited text and internet. Great deal!I bought my Samsung Intercept phone used on Amazon.com at $59.95 and had $30 in Amazon coupons so I actually paid $29.95!!!!! Can't beat that! Seller was awesome and helped me with a couple questions. A totally GREAT experience. In a week I'm buying my girlfriend a Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept from Amazon.com!A 100% satisfied customer.

I have own this phone for over a year. At first it was a great phone, then after a few months. I started having issues with it. It would shut down on me at least 15 times a day.  At lot of time I wasn't able to receive or send text, ( that on other hand might have been the Virgin Mobile carrier). When ppl would send me Pictures I wouldn't receive them until maybe three day later or never. Also, times I couldn't even answer the calls, when I try to answer calls the phone would just shut down. Some days I just wanted to smash it to the floor. But I must admit it had a lot of free apps on it. It easy to work, some features that even an IPone didn't have.  Would I purchase it again. Maybe, then again Maybe NOT!!

This is without a doubt the quirkiest phone I've ever dealt with.  It seems to forget which side is up, sometimes autoanswers calls, 90% of the time starts intermittent chiming when the battery is 85% or higher when charging, shuts itself off if battery drops below 15%, while the slide out keyboard is handy the position of the buttons is  kind of awkward to type on.  3G is slower than 56k dial up most of the time.  All in all as an intro phone to Android, this phone makes me regret dropping the $70+ a month voice and data only plan with the other "V" carrier and my blackberry.  Hopefully dropping another $200 for the LG Optimus will prove to be more positive.

This phone is NOT worth purchasing. I have had nothing but problem after problem. It freezes up, it's painfully slow and does not have what it takes to run apps. I can't say enough BAD things about this phone -  STEER CLEAR!!!!!

I bought two of the Samsung intercept one for myself and one for my teenager. Her phone lasted no more than 6 months. Mine however lasted a year and then the problems began, slide lock won't unlock without several tries. It keeps dialing the first person on my contact list and it won't stop dialing them. Now all lights are on and it won't work at all. Don't waste your money! For the price it should last more than just a year. I will NEVER buy another Samsung product again!

Do NOT waste your money (and time) on this phone. The thing that was the most frustrating for me was it's inability to efficiently perform the basic purpose of a phone: to make a simple phone call. I have had this phone for 2 years, and these are the reasons why you should not buy it:1) It takes 10-30 seconds to make phone calls, and often crashes in the process.2) Text messaging is slow. Slow to load. And when it looks like it has loaded, it hasn't, and you still can't use it. When typing in a contact, for the first 15-30 seconds it won't load your contact options. When you receive a text while typing a different text, it will exit what you're typing and take you to the inbox.3) Internet is slow4) Applications are slow5) It sometimes won't turn on and just sit in a blinking "samsung" limbo6) The camera is slow AND takes terrible pictures7) It is much too easy to push buttons unknowingly when you're talking on the phone8) It sometimes won't show you the caller ID until you have no time left to answer the phone9) Sometimes it won't let you answer or hang up a phone call (I've had to take the battery out to end a phone call on far too many occasions)I would have been happier with a basic non-smart phone. I eventually gave up on using this phone for anything other than trying to make phone calls and texting. It is not a good phone for social media or applications. This phone is just plain slow in absolutely everything you want it to do. The only thing good I can say about it - is that it DID last me 2 years. And I only suffered with it so long because of our plan contract. But if you want a durable phone, and making calls and texting is something that's important to you - you'd be better off getting a basic phone. If you want internet capabilities - get a different smart phone, even if you have to spend a little more money. This phone is just NOT worth the money at all.

The phone worked great at first. After a while it slowed down a LOT and would barely move at all. Don't recommend.

Let me state that I started out with an iPhone 3G. I loved it. I hated the contract. The monthly fees suck and they got you by a contract - like it or not. I need a little more breathing room. I heard about Virgin Mobile. That was cheap and all the internet/data plan you can eat. However, limited minutes or pay almost as much as a contract plan.I figured an Android phone would do the trick. I chose the SAMSUNG INTERCEPT. I was looking to use Skype in the WiFi zones and save on my minutes for talking there. I could really save money.Well I received the Samsung Intercept and gave it a try. I liked the Android OS. It was more complicated than the iPhone but I was willing to give it a try. I went to the Android Market and installed Skype. It almost worked. After hours of trying to get it working, I found out that Skype does not work very well with Samsung phones. That was a blow to my strategy. I would now have to pay for more minutes to talk.I still kept the phone.As time went on, I found it to be a love and hate relationship. I really tried to get to like it but too many things were not like-able on the Samsung Intercept. Here is a list:-Poor Battery life. You want a smart phone to be able to use it. Well the trick is to turn almost all features off to get it to last more than 8 hours, even with out making phone calls.-Screen is poor. The pixels and resolution and size just does not make reading the phone like-able. It was very difficult to read characters and numbers on the screen.-Very slow. Even though it is a faster processor, it simply is not fast enough. I would press the screen and would not get a response. Do this every day - like trying to answer a phone call - and you become frustrated and begin to hate the phone.-Almost everything else is just not enough to make the phone worth while.This truly is a phone that should not be ANDROID. It has the lowest specs for hardware and just barely works.In my case, I became frustrated with this phone. I almost just wanted to throw it away. Well after 8 months of trying, I finally did replace it. I went to Virgin Mobiles PayLo and purchased the cheapest LG DUMB phone. I am happy with it.Because of this experience, I will not even buy Samsung. I hate them for putting out such a product.UPDATE: I just purchased the Motorola Triumph - so far so good. Skype (even the video) works.

So, when my wife and I first decided to make the switch to Virgin Mobile we researched the available phones. I chose the LG Optimus (which I HIGHLY recommend--fantastic phone) and my wife opted for the Intercept because she wanted the keypad. Two months into activating the phone it completely frustrates her. It freezes constantly. Now, when I first read all the negative reviews about this phone I assumed it was people that were down grading from iPhones or similar super phones and were overloading their phones with apps and bogging it down. That's not the case. My wife's phone has a minimal amount of apps and it is incredibly slow and glitchy.  She also realized that she like the Android OS on-screen keypad so much that she doesn't even use the slide out keypad. Much better phone.

This phone was very underpowered when it came out and in 2013 there is no reason to own it. Do not buy this piece of crap.

phone is just a little laggy but overall it is a great product! I got it on time! packaging was a little weird and seemed to lack protection, although my product inside was fine!

Older operating system is slow and unresponsive.  Phone now only can update sporadically.  Drops calls for no reason after two years.  Is Virgin Mobile trying to make me buy a new phone every two years.

First off let me tell you that I switched from an iPhone 4 to this phone! Why would I do such a thing? Well, because I am sick and tired of paying so much for a phone contract. ATT charged me $40 for 450min, $25 for 2gb of web, $20 for unlimited texting= $85. But somehow that number always ends up over $100 because of bunch of taxes and fees (and I don't go over my minutes ever). Let's see, VM charges me $25+$2tax for 300 minutes, unlimited web+text. Well, I need unlimited web, because I use pandora radio all day long, so the 2gb limit on ATT wasn't cutting it for me. So I am saving over $80 a month, meaning this phone pays it self off in 3 months. That is the contract part. So, this is the number 1 reason you should buy this phone, FOR SAVING MONEY!!! $80 of savings per month X 24 months (which is the contract you would sign with any carrier out there) is $1820. I don't care how rich you are, I am sure you can use an extra $2K.Now let me review the phone. To all you android fan boys out there, google limits what you can do with your phone just like apple, but I will agree not as much. Just as I had to jailbreak my iPhone, I had to "root" this phone, to allow such things as tethering. Just check out the app store to see how many "Root Only" apps there are out there to validate my point. The 3G is noticeably slower than ATTs but it is much faster than edge, so it will do. The phone isn't as user friendly or as fast as an iPhone 4, but it is much more customizable. And yes this phone can be rooted. The phone runs os 2.1 but, sprint will have 2.2 so even if VM doesn't update, someone out there will make this possible. Overall the phone is great, and does everything that I want it to do. I'm old school with texting, so I love the fact that it has a keyboard, The battery life isn't too bad, probably because the phone is bulky. Camera on this isn't all that, so don't expect to take breath taking photos. Touch screen and buttons are very responsive, so that's a good thing.Overall, in my opinion, this is not THE iPhone, or Droid X, but it comes dangerously close. And for $25 a month, you can't go wrong. If you love the iPhone, and can't give it up, I'd say, do it, and get urself a iPod Touch with this phone. And if 300 minutes are a problem, you can always use skype or get 1200 for $15 more. This is not an A+ smartphone, and VM is not an A+ carrier, but the value is UNBEATABLE!!! And as a student, I am willing to sacrifice the unnoticeably small shortcomings for very noticeable amount of savings.

The phone is very slow, often crashes or freezes and I usually have to remove the battery to get it to reboot.  On average it probably crashes at least 5 times a day and I don't even use it that often.  More use definitely seems to lead to more crashing, if too much is going on at once or you get a lot of messages at once or a phone call while you are in the middle of something, it is most likely going to crash.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I didnt like the phoneat all and bought another phone i guess i got what i paid for and though phone was not worth i

I wanted an Intercept because my son has one and loves it. He got me one as a Christmas gift. The first few months were sheer frustration--it would freeze up, apps wouldn't open, I couldn't answer phone calls, and the battery would drain within a few hours.I'm not one to keep trading phones, so I stuck it out. I bought some extra batteries from a seller here on Amazon (got them cheap), and just change them when necessary. Oddly enough, the battery time is much better per battery than it was in the beginning. I'm not sure why, but I now get a full day out of one battery. Go figure. It doesn't lock me out as often, and works quite well for what I need it to do.My biggest complaint now is that there's not enough memory. I put a 16GB SD card in it. Supposedly, most apps will save to the card. If that's the case, why is so much space used up on the phone's memory? It only has 184MB to start with. Even that would be enough for me if I could unload the pre-installed apps I don't use.Note to manufacturers: don't stick us with apps we don't use/want!

I am just about to return my second Intercept.  I'm thinking of getting an LG or something...  My biggest problem with this phone is pretty substantial.  Anytime I get an email with a picture or I am alerted to a new wireless network, my SD card is erased.  I've already reloaded it three times and I'm done.

It turned in an LG optimus for this one. After using the Optimus for some time, and getting frustrated out of my mind with the onscreen keyboard (even with the "swype"), I decided to go back to real keyboards. On screen keyboards make a good science fiction movie, but they're very impractical.This phone plays youtube videos flawlessly, even on HD setting. Plays pandora without problem.Some people say  it freezes and lags, and that it's just not true. Just like on any computer, if you start clicking and clicking and clicking without giving the system a chance to perform, it's gonna get overwhelmed. Just try it on your computer.It works just great for an 800mhz processor, which is not too different from the 1000 mhz processors that tie you in a contract.The only big complaint I have with this phone is that it will fill up its memory quickly with apps. I don't know if that's a standard problem with smartphones, since I haven't used too many, but after about 20 installed apps, you start to run out of space. So you have to eliminate the ones you don't use that much.I paid 149 for mine, and pay 25 a month for all you can eat data, texts and 300 mins of "talk". What is "talk" anyway?? Is that when you try to speak through your phone to another person ??

This phone is horrible and I rooted it which apparently made it slightly better but i couldnt really tell. The main thing is that the phones operating system is way to much for the phone ot handle or in other words the phone is slow and freezes ALL the time It would be better to buy the new fone that virgin mobile just cam out with for the same price

If you don't need to use a phone everyday or for anything important, this is a great buy. The battery life is 6 hours top (6 hours of non use) and more often than not will not turn on, or just have a white screen.

The phone took awhile to get to me due to mix ups at the  post office.  But the phone itself is great.  It is my wife's first Android phone and she loves it.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. I bought the Intercept back when it was the only smartphone available from Virgin Mobile. Seemed like a great deal at the time. However, it is by far the most frustrating phone I've ever owned, and not worth the price, despite the fact that it now costs half what I paid for it back when I bought it. It is slow, it freezes up, it needs to be rebooted frequently...sometimes I miss calls due to the sluggishness of the touchscreen not reacting to my inputs. And it's not that I have a lemon; I'm on my second Intercept because I accidently dropped the first one and shattered the screen, so it had to be completely replaced. The replacement has worked no better than the original. My girlfriend bought the LG Optimus V for the same price, and it's a much better phone for the money and I wish I'd bought one of those even though I prefer to have the QWERTY keyboard. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS HORRIBLE PHONE!

I recently brought this phone a few months ago.  It arrived quickly, but the phone did not perform like it should.  Web was very slow and could not get youtube.  I purchased a new phone which is a htc one v, and it works really fast.  Now i can surf the web and watch videos.

I love this phone!! I just got it yesterday i upgraded from an Lg Rumor. This phone is super fast! But the only problem i have is i cant have internet unless im around a WiFi place. But other than that!? This phones AMAZING!

I purchased this phone from Best B*y on January 25th (This review is being written on the 28th). I paid $197.00 (+ tax. Price was originally 219.00, but I used a 10% off coupon) for the phone and $26.89 for the $25 Beyond Talk plan. This is my first "high tech" phone. I had a Virgin Mobile plan in 2004 when I was 13, then had a cheap Trac Phone followed by the Rumor and most recently the Rumor 2 on Sprint. I wish I would have found this phone and plan sooner because...wow! Honestly, I could have done without the $219.00 price sticker on the phone, but I'm glad I did pay for it because both the plan and the phone are just what I was looking for. I mean, really, $25 for unlimited data, web, text and 300 minutes?  It's the best deal out there. All other plans of this caliber are at least $50.Ok, so about the phone now. :) I've read a lot of reviews and was thinking that I was going to need to install a different browser or have it updated so that it would be faster but in the 4 days that I've had it, it hasn't seemed slow at all. I haven't needed to restart it due to freezing either. I'm still getting used to it and figuring out all the different aspects of it. For instance, I knew I could slide my finger to the left on the home screen and have more space for buttons, but I just figured out this morning that I could do it the opposite way as well. I really like the pull down screen at the top that shows what's running as well. I like the feel of the phone; it's not super heavy and is just the right size. I've been looking at touch screens with slide out QWERTY's for a long time now and I think this was the best choice. The keys on the Keyboard are huge. I think the only thing I don't like about the phone is the way it slides. My Rumors would slide to the left and this slides to the right. No big deal though. The touch screen is responsive and does what I want it to if I'm paying attention to what I'm doing.I get pretty good service except when I'm home, but then I have my home phone and computer. I can actually access Facebook now. My rumor 2 wouldn't accept my password even though it was right. I love the app store. The first thing I downloaded was the Kindle app and the second was Spaghetti Marshmallows :D. I took me forever to load music on it though. I finally figured it out but I don't think it's the correct way. But hey, it's working for me. Battery is just ok for me. I'm not usually a heavy phone user but since it's new and I'm trying to figure it out and I can do so much more the battery is only lasting a day. I don't mind putting it on the charger while I'm at work or before I go to sleep.Anyway, I think this is a great phone and an even better no contract plan. It's great for a 20 year old; just don't expect it to be some super computer.

The Samsung Cell Phone came with absolutely no User Manual. This is the first time I have ever purchased an electronic device that came without any instructions for usage. Samsung should have, at least, included minimal instuctions.

I have been a Sprint customer since 2003. I've had Samsung phones since 1999 Since 2009, I've used a Samsung Moment but the charging port recently died. I was paying just about $85/month for Sprint service. The phone "insurance" no longer covered the Moment because it was an "unsupported device". They could fix the charging port but would charge me $100. I was under pressure from the sales people to "upgrade" and could get a new phone for a reasonable price only if I signed a 2 year agreement, but I'd have to pay an additional $10 "premium data" charge per month. I wanted to keep my Moment. I didn't want to upgrade. I certainly didn't want to pay almost $100/mo for a phone. The best their 'retention squad' was able to do was offer me $100 off my next phone bill, which basically meant 'sign yourself over to us for $100/mo for two years and we'll give you one month free.' Um, no.A friend told me about Virgin Mobile and I went to check them out because I was disgusted with Sprint's customer service. The plans were perfect but the phones.. even their best smart phone was inferior spec/featurewise to my 3-year-old Moment. It made me very hesitant to try the service because I disliked the idea of paying for a new phone with worse specs than my old one. Amazon had better prices than VM's site, so I decided to try out the Intercept, since it was the closest to the phone I already had, to compare the VM service in my area.I'm not a novice to Android phones. The reason I've kept my Moment this long is because I was able to upgrade the kernel and ROM and get rid of the branded bloatware. However, I'm also not a power user/tweaker.When the Intercept arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. There was a minimum of bloatware on it to begin with. I rooted it and got rid of the bloatware and the EXTREMELY ANNOYING 'Virgin Mobile!' audio file at startup because really I do not want to listen to young girls shout a brand name at me every time I start my phone. Problem solved.I'm currently running the stock ROM. The very first issue was the Android keyboard on-screen. The keys were smaller than they display on the Moment and almost impossible to tap. I have very small hands and fingers and it was a problem; I can't imagine anyone with normal-sized hands working that keyboard. Thankfully, Swype works just fine and installed without a hitch. Problem solved.The slide-out keyboard is nice but takes some getting used to. The Function button is in the top left corner, with the 'A' key on the farthest left of the keyboard, so it makes typing more problematic than with the Moment's keyboard. It still has a dedicated number row, which I appreciate, and the keys are easy to press and seem to work well.I don't really notice any difference in resolution between the Moment and the Intercept. I notice a difference in speed and rendering - the Intercept plays Angry Birds in all versions without any problem at all and the Moment, even after upgrading to Froyo, still has artifacts and hiccups and lag. Caveat: I don't really play games other than Jewels, Tetris, and Angry Birds. I use it as an e-reader more than anything, and CoolReader, Moon Reader, Aldilko, and FB Reader all render fine and page turning has no lag. The movies/tv shows I've put on it render well and I've had no problem playing them at all. No lag, no artifacts, no locking up.I do notice occasional keypress lag, usually when I'm in a menu. There is also some lag loading web pages. Which is occasionally annoying, but also fairly easily fixed for anyone able to root and flash a new kernel. I can see where it would be very annoying for anyone who can't, though really, it's less annoying than the 'Virgin Mobile!' scream at startup.So far, the VM service is the same as Sprint's, which makes sense since they're using the same towers. I'm in a stucco building and my reception is fine. The microphone on the Intercept is better at white-noise filtering than the one on my Moment. I haven't found anywhere during my daily travels that the service is inferior. I have yet to test it in more rural areas.The battery life has been a pleasant surprise, but that could be due to the slow, lingering death of my Moment. Prior to the Intercept, I was charging the Moment at least twice a day because it would drain even on Standby over the course of 8 hours. The Intercept can go over a day on Standby, and at least a day with moderate use. It does not seem to like the wall charger, preferring the USB charge from the computer. It beeps a lot using the wall charger, but that could be the electric in my house being dirty.The only thing I really do not like about this phone is the lack of an LED flash for the camera. My Moment is two years older and has one, I don't see why Samsung left it off this model. Besides using it for pictures, I used to have an app that would allow me to use my phone as a flashlight in an emergency and now I can't use that. This, however, is a total first world problem, but it is one thing that made me hesitant to use VM. So far, it hasn't been an actual problem - I haven't taken a picture that made me go "#$^@^ no flash!" yet.One thing I really, really love about the Intercept is that the MicroSD card port is on the side of the phone. I no longer have to take the battery out to swap out the card, which means I can bring multiple cards with me on flights/trips with books/movies and swap them out without having to wait for the phone to boot every time. They also swapped the charging port with the headphone jack - on the Moment, the headphones are on top with the charging port on the side. The Intercept has the charging port on top with the headphone jack on the side. Which means you need to buy headphones with a 90-degree ("L" shaped) jack or risk shorting out your cords very quickly.Thus far, it's been an acceptable replacement to the Moment. I wish VM offered phones that were better, and I REALLY wish Samsung had put a flash on this phone, but for a $70/month reduction in price for the service, and for any moderate user of a smartphone, this is perfect.

had to send back to virgin mobile. they stated most used phones here are sold with viruses or tech defaults. by what i was told this was the 20th phone -this model- that had to be sent in for repais. buyer beware. gave it 2 stars because when it worked it it great. only worked for about a month before the programming keeled over.

This person does not include what it really cam with, I got a phone charger when I don't own a car! I would say that he is very unprofessional, but hey almost everyone is. Scratches all over the phone and glitches, but its all I have so its workin at least.

If you want to make phone calls or text, do not buy this phone. I don't know if it's a design flaw or what but this phone gets little to no signal. At the place I work everyone can use their phone in the break room no matter what service they have. Including Sprint. VM uses Sprint towers. But this phone gets no signal there at all. None! So if you want a working phone that can actually pick up a signal do not buy this phone.

Update 6.2.2012 ~ After about five months of owning this horrible phone, the touchscreen stopped working, rendering it even more useless than it had been before.  It's still under a warranty, but I hate the phone so much I'm not willing to get another one, even if it were free.  I opted for the far superior LG Optimus Elite.I'll keep this quick with a pros and cons list.Pros:~ QWERTY keyboard is easy to use and is pretty much the only responsive thing on this phone~ Call quality is pretty good (but really, are there cell phones out there nowadays with bad quality?)~ Virgin mobile has some great cheap plans (though this isn't really a feature of the phone at all)Cons:~ Serious lag time when doing anything other than texting on this phone.  Press the home button, blank screen for four seconds. When you receive a call, the caller ID usually doesn't show up until the third or fourth ring.~ The only way to get this phone to operate somewhat normally is to uninstall any downloaded apps and just forget that it's an Android phone.  Just use it for phone calls and texting.~ This phone is obviously not meant to run Android well.  It's hardware simply cannot keep up with the OS in the slightest.My wife has the LG Optimus.  It's fantastic, and every time I use it I realize what I'm missing out on.  Overall, a terrible phone.

Along with virgin mobile plans and the price for this phone ($75) you can't really complain ..I suggest only get this phone if you plan to use it mainly for texting/calling as well as some casual twitter use .. I have tried many physical keyboard phones and this one is the best one I have tried.Sure the the amount of RAM this phone has causes problems but that's why this phone is so inexpensive .. During the time I had this phone I used my ipod touch  for all my games/social media use and it worked out very good .But if you are looking for a phone to play games and use the web for long periods of time you are going to have to spend more money on a phone .. For virgin mobile , the LG Optimus Slider as for overall I would suggest the Samsung Exhibit 4g II by T-Mobile , their $30 unlimited text/4g web is amazing .. (new activation only)

The operating system is absolutely horrid. Even if you just want a cheap run of the mill smart phone, fork out an extra 30 dollars and get something halfway decent with android 4.0.I want to break this phone.It restarts all the time on its own, I have a lot of dropped calls, and it boots up SLOWWWWWWWWWWW!I hate it.

Samsung did a shameless job in creating a phone that can barely run Android, with a single core processor and a tiny amount of memory. It's so sluggish that it can take me up to five attempts just to complete the screen unlock pattern. Eventually I decided to end this misery of mine and got an LG Optimus V instead. I have been a happy Android user ever since.Seriously this phone has nothing good about it except for the physical keyboard (but with Swype on LG Optimus I don't miss it). For example, GPS is terrible in that it can take minutes (or forever) to pick up satellite, while my LG phone usually does it in seconds even under cloudy conditions.I didn't buy this phone from Amazon, but I just hate Samsung so much that I can' help write a review to prevent other people from becoming victims.

I really wanted an Android phone but I did not want a contract.  I had a phone with a slide-out keyboard and I knew to make the change I at least wanted a full keyboard.  This phone seemed to be a good answer to my needs and I got it about a year and a half ago.The phone was thick and not light, but of course the keyboard makes it heavier and thicker.  It slid open and closed nicely and the touch screen worked well.  I had some apps, games, reference, etc.  Some worked fine, some lagged a lot, some would not work on this phone at all.  Anything needing too much memory to run would just freeze the phone.  I moved whatever I could to a 32gb micro SD card but of course it still needed the phone's memory to run.Over the year and a half that I owned this phone, I had more and more memory problems even though I took all but the most used apps off of the phone.  The phone would run fine, then out of the blue it would say the text memory was full.  Even with all texts deleted I would get this message.  I checked the memory and I had plenty of free memory, but it didn't matter.  I would delete an app or two, which were on the SD card, and it would work again, though now showing even less system memory.  The last month was torture and the phone would often lock up or not start at all.  I'd had it.The phone has a comfortable design, is very durable, and could have been a good phone.  I would say it was the fact that I'd gotten a bad phone but in the same time frame my daughter had the exact same phone and the exact same problems and went through two of these phones.  We wanted to love them like we thought they deserved, but they were just not dependable.I gave this two stars because it had a good design and when it worked it was fine.  However, I could not recommend this phone.I just replaced this phone with the Optimus Elite and I even though I have only had it a short while, I would highly recommend it.  I paid less than I originally did for this phone and it works amazingly.

Voice dialing doesnt work through Bluetooth.Voice Dialing regularly just emits these weird high pitched sounds out of the speaker and doesn't work or "listen"."Downloads" link doesn't work, (the Virgin Mobile Downloads not the Android Market) and it says once it opens to close ti and open the Browser and download the first link entitled "downloads update" to update the Downloads app.  Well there is no such link on the browser, I cannot find it anywhere in Virgin Mobiles downloads section.  Their website sucks ass and doesn't work half the time.So no downloads which I was looking for the Contact Vault App I paid $1 a month for so I could get my 150 contacts transferred to my phone.No go because of the downloads update issue not working.Besides that its pretty damn bad ass.  3G is surprisingly fast for Virgin Mobile even though I know its on Sprint's network.If you work at a place you cannot get your Network Security/MS Exchange/Windows administrators to allow PUSH service through OWA in their exchange or add you to the group so you can do it, you can still get your corporate email!  Use RoadSync from the Android Market.  It somehow bypasses the security settings that block you from accessing it.  Thankfully I did not need it as i got the approvals needed.  it is free for 14 days and then if you want to keep it, its $9.99.No Flash on camera. Weak. ALso that means no DroidLight flashlight, only the LCD screen flashlight.The GOOD thing about this phone is I see no Security settings to use a PIN number to lock the phone, only the Pattern-thing which is fine.  but when you enable corporate mail in many jobs, they force the phone to loack and you have to set a PIN and ALWAYS enter it anytime the screen shuts off (every 10 seconds).. but with this one I guess they dont have that feature so they cant force it!  I love not having to do that.Anyway good phone.The reason its a lower-end android is the newer big ones have huge 4"+ screens, 8MP cameras, 1000Mhz processors.Whereas the Intercept has only a 3.2" screen or so, 3.2MP camera, and 800mhz qualcomm processor, and less ram.I have found even the best iPhones and Androids still tend to lag a bit with all the apps and wifi and GPS stuff going on all the time, but you can expect this phone and others in its level, to be a tad slower than that even.  Mine is mostly responsive, only lags behind sometimes, but i have noticed apps/games like Anrgy Birds, runs super slow because I guess the phone isnt powerful enough.  but really for the ability to browse, use some apps, but mostly for phone/text/email and calander, its great!  Not sure how to find contacts in my Corporate address book though,Also since gmail has been adding every number and email to my contacts for years and years, I have 1000 contacts to go through and delete, that got synced to my phone.  If you are worried about contact syncing and plan to use Android just get all your contacts updated and organized in your Gmail account and they will goto the phone.I exported them from Virgin Mobiles Contact Vault page on their website, and then edited the .csv file to make it the correct format, and then imported into google.  I tried the "send all contacts to phone" from VM's site but that didnt work

This was my first Android phone I bought in Dec 2010 when it came out. Got one for me, my husband and two of my teens. Great at first. Cool features. Now all of us are having similar problems. Some small and annoying and some you want to throw it against the wall. I have seriously considered running it over with my truck on occasion. First the touchscreen works when it wants to. Sometimes if you tap the text app, it opens the camera or something other than the app you wanted. You have to tap several times to open an app. The notification bar at the top of the screen freezes up and wont let you slide it down, so if you have a voice mail, you cant slide the bar down and go straight to voicemail, you have to open the phone app, wait for it to load then dial your number. Ringtones work when they want to, 90% of the time my calls set themselves to silent even when the volume is turned all the way up. The phone is great for heavy texters, but you can forget about sending a picture message. It fails or if it does decide to go thru, the recipient gets it the next day. Half the apps you download you wind up uninstalling because they either dont work or start to work then takes you back to your homescreen.I have the bare minimum on my phone and it still needs to be charged constantly.To get in the phone app to dial a number takes forever, so it is definately not a phone to use in an emergency, you'd die before you were able to call for help. It does take good pictures, but again it takes forever to start up, so not a good phone for taking spur of the moment pics with.On the positive it is a durable phone. Has cool features if you can get them to work correctly, the service has been great, the plans are affordable. You can go online and top up your phone by your checking/debit account. Virgin Mobile has always been nice and helpful. Even for the money, you can get a better phone. I stay with Virgin Mobile for the service, honestly I enjoyed my cheapo little Shuttle phone I had with them than this unreliable piece of plastic that I may just run over eventually.

The phone's slow. Most of the time it is sluggish, and often it becomes unresponsive. I have had this phone for almost 5 months now. As soon as possible, I will get a phone that is more "capable" of handling Android.Pros:Most of the pros I would attribute to this phone come from the fact that it's Android. So I won't mention the intuitive texting, great apps, etc. That's all Android.The phone does have a pretty good camera though. I've used it to take a lot of regular and macro shots. The 3.5mm audio jack is great. I listen to music all the time on this phone.Cons:Slooooooooooow. Especially when doing Bluetooth music playing. The worst part is those times when you tap and it takes a second or two to recognize the touch. Terrible.The screen doesn't do well in outdoor lighting.There's some Virgin Mobile crapware that you can't uninstall.Notes:You don't need the physical keyboard. I've found myself using the Android touch-screen keyboard much more often. The advantage is the spell-correction, auto-text, and speech recognition button.Also, the square optical track-pad is pretty much useless. I never use it. It doesn't work well with apps. It's just not needed.On battery life, I have to charge mine every night.Off-topic:I use this phone while driving. And if you're going to do the same, then first of all, make sure you know how to drive well, and use the phone well. Second, hold the phone on front of you, above the steering wheel so that you don't have to look down and up constantly.

I would rather have a flip phone. This is the slowest phone i have ever seen. It freezes up all the time and not to mention, virgin mobile service or signal rather is no good. It doesn't hold but a few apps and you always have to reset it and half the time that takes 10 minutes.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.

Pros:-Real QWERTY keyboard; good for texting-Solid build quality-Great camera took excellent quality photos-Affordable monthly Virgin Mobile plansCons:-Very slow-Websites often never load-Unresponsive home screen-Freezes often; requires reboot or battery removal-Google Navigation frequently crashes the OS-One day battery life at best (that is typical of most smart phones)This was my first Android phone and second smart phone. My first smart phone was the Virgin Mobile Blackberry 8530 and this Intercept WAS a step up. So at first I really liked it. Not knowing anything better, I dealt with the cons listed above.Patience was needed to dial phone numbers since it had a lag just to bring up the dialer or a contact.When using the GPS with Google Navigation, the whole thing often just froze up and even had to take the battery out then put it in and power back up. Very frustrating when trying to get somewhere you've never been before or if you are in a rush or both.The home screen was a real pain since it ALWAYS would first show up with no icons. Wait about 3 or 4 seconds and then it becomes useable. Again, for dialing, this added more time just to make a call.Yes there are a few noteworthy features mentioned in my Pros, but none are worthy enough to justify another star added to my rating since this device does not function well enough just as a phone.In an emergency situation this phone could waste the important few seconds that could mean the difference between life and death.I've just replaced this Intercept with an LG Optimus since my dog decided to chomp on the Intercept. Only now do I realize what I was missing. The Optimus is almost as responsive as the my wife's 4G iPod!

This is a review of the Samsung Intercept from Virgin Mobile. This is a decent phone for the value. Virgin Mobile probably offers the cheapest plans on Android Phones. With that said this phone does Run Android, but it is not very powerful. I can imagine that better phones will have a much better experience on the user, but this one is decent if you plan on NOT using its Android Services as much. For Example:When you try to play a game such as Angry Birds it will open; however, it requires a great deal of time to open due to the phones speed. Once the game opens the game plays perfectly except for one issue.... It lags. Don't expect to play games as well as you would on an iPod Touch or an iPhone with a faster processor with this phone.Its battery life is decent aswell. I say it can last a good 4-5 hours of continuous usage or maybe barely make it through an entire day if you don't use it as much.Its keyboard is absolutely perfect! It is probably the best part of this phone. If you are planning on texting a lot than this is an awesome keyboard. It is backlit and it looks great at night.Its touch screen is ok and it is usable even with its slow processor.Overall I would use this phone for Calling and Texting only and maybe the occasional internet use. If you are looking for a good Android phone I would recommend going for something a bit better than this one. I rate this product 3 stars out of 5 stars.I hope this review helped you out!

Pros:-Real QWERTY keyboard; good for texting-Affordable monthly Virgin Mobile plans-Great camera took excellent quality photosConsCustomer service is the worst out there. I had to replace this phone 4 times. Its like this phone is a ticking time bomb. It works good for a week or so then it starts acting up.T he phone is so slow that using the android unlock screen is impossible because it can't track the finger movements a lot of the time. 0% of the time it crashes when I'm even just trying to put in my lock screen swipe pattern! And then its like "Sorry, try again"! It restarts all the time.......im usually the one to give a phone a chance and hope ill get a good phone.........it sucks! I now have a optimus Slider and its great!

I could not use this Virgin Mobile Phone at home or at work in Lake County, IL because I was only getting 0-1 bars.  On Virgin Mobile's web site,  my location for Voice Coverage is listed as "Good" when it is accually very poor to no coverage at all.  After six months I canceled and I am now stuck with a $200.00 useless phone.

Older generation user who went from a cheap prepaid verizon. It has a learning curve, but your also getting a minicomputer.Had trouble with the battery going down, but that was because on "sleep" it still has applications running in the background. So, I would turn it off each time. Now, with an app killer and also physically turning off the remaining apps, sound too,if you like, I can go at 2 or 3 days on "sleep".  Virgin Mobile is not everwhere like verizon, so check the areas.

This phone is slow and frequently crashes. Even after moving most apps (that actually do work) onto the SD card, it still runs out of storage space often.I wish I had read reviews on virginmobile's webiste or amazon before purchasing this phone.+Positives++Cheap+Keyboard+Sturdy: I have dropped numerous times without a case and never any damage.-Negatives--Slow-Crashes all the time-Phone will often only ring MAYBE 1-2 times and go to voicemail, so there is never a chance to actual answer the call. It is not a coverage problem but rather slow hardware and software that prevents answering calls sometimes.-Can't run most current apps; even basic included apps crash quite often.In summation: don't buy this phone. Samsung should be ashamed of this product.

Very slow phone, freezing and bugging very often.Sometimes, it remains with all lights on for hours until the battery dies.My first one stopped working after 5 months: i couldnt hear voices. Virgin chaged it, and the second one lasted 2 months. Now it shuts down with no reason.Not talking about how slow it is!!!DONT BUY IT!

When I saw the high number of 5 stars given to this phone, I just had to chime in. A little backstory: I broke my LG Optimus V and reluctantly picked up a Samsung Intercept from Target just to hold me over until I pick up an LG Optimus Slider.Going from Optimus to this is a complete nightmare. This phone is extremely sluggish. I'm not demanding a mini laptop or anything, hell I mainly text and use one app. It was like buying a brand new computer with Windows 98 on it.Now to be fair, over time you can make due with what you have here. It's a really nice phone, camera has decent resolution outside and I haven't had any dropped calls as of yet. I can't get over the fact of how sluggish it is to do anything with it.Please if you take the time to read this and you're interested in this phone, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE! I read reviews that told me the same thing but for that price and this being an Android, I figured why not. You will be disappointed, I guarantee you that.

I am very pleased with this phone and how well it works on the virgin mobile network. Even though I do have some dead zones in my area the phone and network seem to pull the signal in very well.

Wish there were more options for android keypad phones. I bought this phone thinking this was going to be the greatest thing since smartphone came out. Highly dissapointed.First things first, to start the phone, the power button must be held for in my extimated 3 seconds to make sure the phone will turn on, otherwise it is questionable weather or not the phone will actuall turn on.Next it takes far too long to turn on, 1 minute 9 seconds to be exact. Then after, by my estimates 10 to 20 seconds for everything to work properly, apps etc. This is every time. I will never complain about my 20 seconds boot time for windows.Then theres the game the phone plays with wether or not the secreen light will on when I want it to or not. The phone is too slow. For some reason this happens while trying to end calls. Tap the power button, the screen comes on, that's what should happen right. Not with this phone. Tapping the intercept power button and it may come on it may not. If it doesn't come on. Tap again, it comes on yes but way too long to make ma annoyed to press again. Except the second time the power button is pressed, there is a time delay. The phone lights up and goes dark. Sometimes, after tapping the power button the light never comes on. Then sometimes the light never comes on after tapping the power button. This is probably due to to the sensetivity of the power button. Annoying.Lastly, this phone doesn't turn off like my last androind phone while holding the power button. It will only turn off when doing thee sliding moting on the screen. More often than not the game with the screen turing off and on tends to be the case.Wish it would turn off like my other android phone, I could avoid the peek-a-boo session with the phone.I also wish there were more options for keypad android phone. If your like me and hate the whole androind typing experience, or maby you have fat fingers, you'll have to wait for that perfect phone that has a keypad. Wish I never bought this phone.

We got a deal on our intercepts. But I still feel cheated, the phone is so horrible. It is slow and freezes all the time. Most games don't run because they phone is to slow and freezes anytime you try to do anything. Do not spend any amount of money on the phone!

Samsung Intercept is a good browser and iswhat an android cell phone should be.  It iseasy to use and sophisticated as well.

I bought this phone near the time it came out. It worked alright out of the box, but once I started installing a few apps (probably not even 4-5) it started getting sluggish. I don't know what the issue was, but it was almost unbearable by that point. The 2.2 froyo update was a godsend. It really helped fix all the minor issues and force closes the phone was having earlier. I was able to install a few more apps and take care of business. Be careful not to fill up the internal memory though, when it was too full it slowed down to a crawl until I uninstalled some apps again. I Eventually sold this and bought the Optimus V because I wanted the better processor and more space for apps. This is still a great phone though...I really miss the hardware keyboard. Although I never used the optical trackpad, I always used the physical keyboard and I really miss that. I know the Motorola Triumph is coming out soon, so if you want something that's a little more high-end I would recommend you look at that. If you are a beginner with smartphones then the Intercept or Optimus is a great choice as well.

It is incredibly slow, and has recently decided to shut down at random moments. It is not worth your money, so I suggest you buy a phone that functions correctly.

On the plus side, the price is right for both the phone and the service: unlimited data, texting, and 300 minutes for $25 per month.On the minus side, Virgin Mobile's support is nonexistent, and the coverage is spotty outside major urban areas.In addition, if you're running Android 2.1, the device is maddeningly slow and balky; 2.2 is a must. Upgrading the OS is relatively easy to do on your own--there's a Youtube video that details the process, though it's not for beginners. If you can't hack that, then I'd be sure to buy one with 2.2 preinstalled.Conclusion: not a bad bargain for very light web browsing, especially if texting is important to you. But I certainly would not recommend this as a primary web access device.

I purchased this phone from Best Buy when I started my prepaid service with Virgin Mobile. The service did and still works very well, especially for the price. The phone however has become a freezing, ghost calling, shutting down, battery failing mess. I have stripped most of the apps off this device and even disabled a number of ancillary processes in order to get it to run faster. This may be partially due to the Android OS being too resource heavy for the limited processor in the phone. Issues the OS can't be blamed for are the phone shutting off mid use, lack of touch screen response and usability, weak signal reception, etc. I have friends with the Virgin on the same Android OS and their phone still work seamlessly. Do yourselves a favor and stay away from this one. Go for the Galaxy Nexus or something similar.

Let me start by saying I live in an area with excellent coverage, much to my surprise!  I played with a friend's Optimus and the swype really was the deciding factor for me.  I won't ever have it, and this phone has an excellent slide out keyboard.  The joystick is handy in tight spots and it doesn't only read fingers, it clicks in and out like a button on a mouse.  Youtube is great fun, and before I go any further just thought I'd mention the new Intercepts comes with android 2.2.2 already installed.  Only thing "buggy" I've noticed after having it a few weeks is the screen is reluctant at times to change over to the angle you are holding it, but not often enough to really gripe a whole lot.  I was worried about the difference in screen resolution between this and the Optimus, but it isn't that noticeable a difference while watching videos, to me anyway.  If you want a full sized qwerty keyboard, this is the way to go over Optimus.  Hope this helps someone else who is having trouble deciding.  Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention tethering is awesomely easy, and you can "root' in less than 5 minutes without needing to involve your computer.  Tethered connection is lightening fast and working 24/7.  That's all I have to say except try the swype out on someone else's phone if you are really not sure, glad it isn't me who is stuck with swype.lol

I have this phone i have 2.2.2 install in my phone i think it is the best phone ever if you don't get up date you can update it your self vm takes forever to send update for 2.2.2

I bought this phone in March. Went thru the upgrade process to 2.2 and its still one of the better phones I've owned. The phone itself to me is slow and buggy. It drives me crazy at times but the plans VM has make it worth it to me.The phone has all the bells and whistle of android. Actually a decent camera, nice keyboard, and solid size make me love it. Its not 4 inch screen but I think people look silly talking on those. Its not for streaming Netflix or has a front facing camera for vid chat. Its has the right amount of features for on the go. If your really need those thing, use a laptop...Im a college student that rarely makes calls. The 300 minute plans is perfect me. Its like a web browsing/texting buffet...with all I can eat. That alone makes me enjoy my phone. The speed isnt VZW or AT&T; but its decent enough to get you through the day. I am grandfathered in on the $25 plan but just bought my teenage brother one on the $35 plan and still play less than 1 smartphone on VZW or AT&T.; At $60 a month for TWO smartphones with unlimited web/text is CRAZY. Even at $45 a month and 1200 minutes is an extremely superb value.

I bought this phone about six months or more ago.  And it was ok to start with but after adding a few apps and not being able to remove bloatware even with apps that claim to keep programs black listed from running i still have little control over where the small amount of memory i have gets used up.  Inevetibly advanced task killer is my most frequently used app and resetting the phone 5-10 times in a row by removing the battery is common.  I can't even morally resell the phone except maybe to hitler.  Anyone who gave the phone 5 stars was as excited as I once was to buy an android phone until time passes and you get to know the phone and its bad habbits.  its junk plain and simple.

This phone will work nicely for the first month or two and then the freezing and slow startups will begin. Also, when placing a call, it can take somtimes up to five minutes for the call to go through. I'd hate to see if you needed to call 911. This phone is worthless and it should be a crime that this phone is over 100 $. Samsung should be embarrassed that they even designed this phone.

Ok ive had this phone for over a year I bought it new Virgin Mobile has had to replace this phone 4 times for the same issues the phone force closes all the time it restarts itself and freezes I have to remove the battery 2-3 times a day because of freezing yes the phone works great for the first couple of months but after that it starts going down hill I dont have it loaded down with apps either its just a flawed phone every other Samsung phone ive had I have been impressed with but this one is junk I am upgrading to the HTC One V I hope its better

This phone was my first smartphone, (although I have had plenty of exposure to other ones) and I am impressed by it. Wouldn't consider it the best phone by any means, but the keyboard is nice, goes from screen to screen quickly, and has many options. Battery life is a little short, but that is for the buyer to decide if it is a problem or not, I am fine with it, should last a day. Also can be a little slow downloading, but that could be my signal, it isn't the best. I would say that it is a phone at a mid-tier price with some high-tier features and qualities. Plus the accessories are really cheap on amazon as well, got a case and screen cover for under 3 dollars! Overall good phone that will grow with you as you grow

I got this phone for my 17th birthday in January 2011. I love the phone at first and it was also my first android. At first it was fast acting and the touch screen was very responsive. About 4 month later the phone started slowing down, the battery started sucking (i mean like 3hr life) and it started to freezing a lot. On my 6th month the touch screen like totally died and virgin sent me a replacement phone. In december 6 month after i got my replacement phone it started all over again. Bad bad bad phone! garbage and dont get it.

Don't get me wrong i love the money i've spent on it, and it's android but this phone, is junk it has very low memory..it's locks up all the time and the battery life is worthless it only last 2-3 hours. i love that it's touch screen and has a slide out keyboard awesome for texting..but its one of the worst phones ever i left, a 2 year contract with t-mobile & a my touch 4g for this phone..honestly i wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Jun 22 cricket is comming out with a prepaid iphone 4s and that's what im switching too..Don't buy this phone and waste your money!!! you will be very disappointed.

I love the product. I works great. Its what I wanted and more. I bought it to replace the broken one I have. It came early..Samsung makes good phones.  I recommend it, over a Blackberry.

What i wanted was a phone that had apps for everyday life and not be so expensive that i would feel regret if i didn't use it every single day. This phone fits me well i can do all the things that i need and feel like i am not totally stuck in the past. It took a little time to get used to it but the more i use it, the more i find that i like it. That is to say, when my husband doesn't walk off with it, hopefully just a phase or maybe a birthday gift idea.

We ordered this phone because the new one we had just bought was stolen. This phone worked great and we got a great price...thank you!

Cons are the most important:  The screen lags and freezes a lot. It does not actually delete old texts to make room for new ones even with the option selected. The volume rocker will constantly be hit by your left hand when texting. The super fast 2 vibrate notification makes you miss almost every text because its too short and too soft. The screen does not light up to help you notice something, no light flashes when you have a notification. QWERTY keyboard layout is a bit off. If I keep this, the only single reason will be due to the fact it does have the QWERTY keyboard while the Optimus V does not and it is an android while the Rumor Touch is not.

The phone works great!Just the battery sucks but i bought a new one hoping it would work more and better. Plus what did i expect?? I got it used.

I went through five of these phones in three months... i admit the first two may have been my fault but i know for a fact the last three weren't... they all over heated, would go off by themselves,died even if the battery was full and then after a few days all just stopped coming on... like i said i went through five, but i also tried buying a new battery that didn't help either.

I have spent a good 6 months experimenting with apps for my Virgin Mobile Samsung and I finally have converted it into a strong stable smartphone! Here is my history to share for those interested:First I received the samsung 6 months ago and although I loved the VM plan, the phone was buggy, sometimes it would jam, sometimes it would not respond to buttons or the notifications menu wouldn't work. First I experimented with Juice defender and green power free. Green power free is smaller won out, next  I downloaded the Android froyo upgrade 2.2, improvements but Still had problems with delay in the stock launcher. I experimented with Go Launcher ex but although it had great flexibility, it also froze my phone after using for a day or two. So I switched to the free Zeam launcher and it has been working for weeks now with no problems. You can adjust the screens from 3 to who knows how many. I'm happy with 3. My games and programs loaded on the phone are papertoss, angry birds, tank hero, touchdown for my company email, yahoo, Stock browser , Superbox (wihich is better than Android assistant) and many more. I also have the power control widget loaded which allows me to directly control my WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS and screen brightness!  My VM Samsung Intercept is rock solid with no problems and I wanted to share this to anyone having problems. It does so much and the plan is incredible so I will give the pluses and minuses of both:Phone Pros:bright screenbuttons react quickbattery lasts all day (with green power free app)plays mp3's, videos and you tubeMany free apps from android marketconnected to my yahoo account flawlesslyComes with thinkfree office which works on pdfs, docx, doc, txt and much more!3G Connection is 4 times faster than my old blackberry I don't even need the wifi connection.Connects to computer in a flash by usb (just touch the top notifications window and slide  finger down)Still camera or movie camera (great pics in regular light and good in low light) (does not come with a flash)The built in web browser works great, I installed Opera but did not see a difference so I deleted it.I love how you can more your fingers to increase the screen size while surfing the web.Phone Cons:touch mouse is too sensitive (thankfully you don't have to use it most of the time)VIRGIN MOBILE PLAN is fantastic with no complaints:Phone is working fine3G is working beautiul and its unlimitedText messaging works well very cool (never used this with my blackberry)All this for $25 and Virgin Mobile uses Sprint towersWill update in a few, but meanwhile I think this is the best deal on the market.Still learning this phone! I ordered the body glove and a 8gb larger micro SD card so I can put more info on the phone such as pictures, music, videos etc. The phone comes with a 2gb card.Clicking on the android market app allowed me to add the following great apps: Shazam which tells you what song is playing on your car radio or whatever,,,Touchdown which allow you to connect to your companies servers for emails, coffee shop finder, NYC streets, Amazon, the weather channel I could keep going on and on. The best app for me is PDaNet. This app allows you to connect your laptop to your Samsung intercept for internet access. It works incredible. I don't need a 3G adapter anymore. I just use my Samsung Intercept. By the way, the BODY GLOVE I ordered from Amazon is fantastic. It protects the phone, screen (with out covering it) comes with a  nice swivel belt clip and a built in kick stand for watching videos on your screen! I have dropped the phone twice (my fault) and the body glove protected it beautifully! Love this phone.SECOND UPDATE:There is an app called navigation that uses google maps that came with the Samsung Intercept. This app is incredible. It totally replaces my Garmin GPS and performs better!! Much Better! Still experimenting... My Garmin is going on Ebay!

I have now had this phone for a year. It seems fine the first month or so, then it goes downhill. I have had to replace it three times, as have several of my friends who bought the same phone. The battery life will not last after a few months of use, it freezes constantly, decides to cancel calls you try to send, calls at random, and turns itself off frequently. The slide out keyboard is impractical because there is no comfortable way to try and use it. The icing on the cake are the 'tantrums' that it throws. Sometimes when trying to power it on, it will do 1 of 4 things, get stuck on the Samsung screen, give up and cancel start up, give you random percentages of battery life, or spaz out completely while vibrating and informing you that your plugged in phone's battery is disconnected. I have had all these problems with each new phone I get. Please save yourself the headache and DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

THIS PHONE STINKS I CAN'T GET ON YOU TUBE I HAVE TO CHARGE PHONE EVERYDAY I WILL NOT RECCOMEND & WILL NOT BUY AGAIN

This phone is absolutely terrible. first of all, the internet doesn't even work, it doesn't load the page. Also, the screen is very unresponsive. There are many other bad things about this phone that I can't fit in to this page, I can go 3 pages, saying how terrible this phone is.

After two years, this phone is still ticking.I replace it about a year ago with a Kyocera Rise, but that phone became totally unreliable, so I pulled this back out from my closet and found that even after a month of being discharged and off, it had good battery life and full function.  The keyboard still works perfectly, the keys are still legible, and the sliding mechanism is working well, despite being over two years old.The OS is older, but it's also reliable.  The limited memory can get hogged up, but as long as you use a task manager to keep that under control, it is a useful phone.It's also a cheap phone.  It navigates and surfs the web.  Not as well as a newer technology, but it does the job, and hasn't let me down, which is very important to me.

dealing with Samsung customer service is a very bad experience. I paid $200 for this phone but after just a few months the usb data cable stopped working, which means can't transfer photo, video, etc. from the phone to my laptop. have wasted a lot of time calling samsung about this but they won't own up to it. this is a well documented problem on the internet.

Worst phone I have ever owned in my life. Battery lasts about 2 hours max on a good day. That's with normal use and wifi off. This is the 3rd Intercept I have exchanged and they are all terrible.Very slow processor and very unresponsive. Locks up constantly and has to be rebooted. This phone shouldn't even be considered a smart phone or in the category with other droids. It is pretty sad when you have to recharge your phone every 2 hours throughout the day just to use it.I have owned $7.00 cell phones that worked better than the Intercept. Also I can't count how many times this phone has just turned itself off in the middle of a call with a full battery. All 3 of my Intercepts have done that, so I know it's a common problem with this phone and not just the one that I own.Sometimes you have to push a button 3 or 4 times before it responds. When you slide or drag the window there is always a delay and it stops constantly. This phone has the worst internal storage and memory around. At least half of the apps from the Droid market malfunction on this phone. On a normal day this phone will freeze up on me anywhere from 5-15 times, to the point that I have to open the back to take the battery out before I can restart.I really wanted to like this phone, but as it turns out, it's by far the worst phone I've ever used. To say it is frustrating is an understatement. The problem is its poor response. Frequently during daily use it is unresponsive. Especially after a phone call. It might take up to twenty seconds for the controls to respond. This is not acceptable!I am a certified computer technician. I work on and repair all makes and models of computers. I embrace technology and understand it. But I will never understand this phone! I have no interest in "rooting" it either. It should just work....but it does not. And please don't tell me I have "too many programs installed." I don't have any. In fact, I've done a hard reset on this phone-twice-running only the factory installed programs and STILL it is totally unresponsive.I also find no correlation between what is running in the background and how the phone behaves. Every time I use the device I clear out whatever programs I'm not using at the moment. But it seems this does not make a difference. The phone has a mind of its own and it will behave any way it wants to, RAM or no RAMIf you go to cnet reviews you will see that over 80% of all the genuine reviews for this phone have 1 star or less. Samsung should be sued and should be put out of business for passing off a phone as bad as this to the consumer. BUYER BEWARE: If you do buy this phone it only comes with a 30 day warranty and everything will work great until the second month you own it........TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENTI regret buying this phone. But I'll keep it until my carrier comes out with another model that I like, then I'm gonna just trash the Intercept. I don't have the heart to sell it to someone else."Pros: makes a good paperweight.

I am pleased with my phone and the service so far, a good $189 well spent. Everything I need for the time being. Compared to having contracts all of the time just to get a decent phone from ATT (over-rated, too expensive, horrible plans, and basically a rip-off), now I am paying only $32 (insurance also) for 300 min and unlimited data. I just feel kind of bad for all of the other people who are still on contracts and getting Scr@#$d!Now I just have to decide what to do with the extra money I am saving which is about $500-$700 a year. Thanks Virgin-Mobile!

The Samsung Intercept may be a great phone, it looks like it is, and I wish I could elaborate on how wonderful a phone it is. I've yet to receive service from Virgin Mobile even though I have paid for it and they have billed me. My wife ordered two of these, one for her and one for me. Be aware that when you buy this phone you are going to require service from Virgin Mobile, and this is where you have to tread carefully. We received our phones, I went to their website and seamlessly followed the instructions to have my wife's phone number and mine ported over from T-Mobile. This morning, my wife received a welcome e-mail and her phone is working fine. Mine does not have service because whenever I make a call I get a recording from Virgin Mobile stating  that my account cannot be verified. I checked my T-Mobile phone and it does not have any service, which means that the number ported over to Virgin Mobile. I have spoken with at least 8 customer service agents at Virgin Mobile between yesterday and today, and I can honestly say I have never dealt with a more consistently incompetent bunch in my life! No one seems to know what is going on with my phone. They all tell me to try the same thing over and over again to no avail. I am usually a very patient person but today I finally had it and asked for a supervisor. They put me on hold for half an hour and then disconnected me. Don't take my word for it, simply Google Virgin Mobile customer service reviews and you will read about the nightmares people have had with them. Not only is my phone not working but I have probably lost a number that I've had for years due to their inability to port it over correctly and apply it. One of the customer reps actually admitted that they were trying to port my number over from AT&T when I am 100% sure that I entered T-Mobile as my old carrier. If they do not recognize my account, how am I going to have another company port my number from Virgin Mobile? I am going to have to return my phones to Amazon, and start my search again. My advice, unless you are lucky enough and don't ever have to deal with Virgin Mobile customer service agents, stay away from Virgin Mobile. I may come back and update this review once I find a competent company with prepaid plans.

Yeah this phone is the biggest pain ever. I actually have had this phone for a year and through this whole year all it does is crash, restart, and lag. More than half of the apps don't work, the memory on this phone sucks, it doesn't recive messages when it is turned off so when you turn it back on you never will know what text messages you got. In all honesty, the only good thing about this shitty phone is the keyboard. Worst droid ever. I can just go on and on about how horrible it is. Get the htc one V. Might cost a little more but once you get this you're going to wish you bought the htc.

Virgin Mobile's monthly phone plans can't be beat, but their limited cellphone selection leaves a LOT to be desired. Nothing illustrates this more, than my experiences with this Samsung Intercept.Since Virgin Mobile, for some reason, still sells this phone in their lineup (and because this review was REJECTED on their website when I attempted to submit it), I made it a personal duty to tell my experiences HERE with this phone, so others won't make a similar mistake.Quite simply, this is the WORST brand new cellphone that I have ever bought in close to 15 years of buying them.I have NEVER had a cellphone for such a brief period of time (five months) and run into so many problems and deficiencies with it. As someone who always keeps their phone protected in a case and doesn't abuse or drop their phone, to any degree, there's no reason for such a relatively new phone to be so problematic.The screen freezes now CONSTANTLY when using the phone and requires you to force close down the app that you're using. The screen freezing gets so bad, at times, that turning off the phone and turning it back on again, doesn't even work. In cases like that, I have to access the back of the phone and physically remove the battery and then turn it back on.If this isn't bad enough, there have been times when the phone dialer does not work and I can't complete a call. This actually happened to me in an airport getting ready to take an international flight.How frustrating do you think the experience of not being able to make your last calls before your flight out of the country, would be?The phone's internal memory is an absolute joke for a smartphone.Even as someone who is not heavily reliant on a cellphone, I STILL have managed to exhaust the phone's internal memory with the apps that I have downloaded to the phone, which is NOT (comparatively speaking with other people that I know), a lot. Even AFTER I move every single app that I possibly can that the phone will allow me, to a memory card.What makes this dilemma particularly egregious, is that there are apps that already come installed on the phone that they will NOT allow you to uninstall. Apps that I have absolutely NO use for. It's just RIDICULOUS for a so-called smartphone to have so small of a memory.The phone's battery life has ALWAYS been an issue.From what people have told me, smartphones aren't known for their extraordinarily long battery life, but still, at the end of a moderate use day with this Intercept phone, the battery is depleted. Keep in mind, a MODERATE use day.The battery runs down even when the phone is TURNED OFF. I have NEVER had a cellphone whose battery discharges its power, even when it's off.When you discover this fact for the first time (if no one ever told you), I GUARANTEE that this will inconvenience you.Therefore, it is ESSENTIAL that you carry some type of recharger with you, at all times, to be prepared for when you're going to need to recharge the battery. TRUST ME, you're going to need it.The WORST part, as far as I'm concerned, is that I actually had to pay top price for the phone of close to $200, at the time. You can buy it for FAR less than half that price right now here at Amazon for $70, and it's STILL overpriced, if you ask me.For the potential (and LIKELY) problems, I wouldn't suggest that you spend $25 for this phone.Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get yourself another phone that has far better reviews.I sure will.

I love this phone. Use the wifi to keep costs down.The slide out keyboard makes it easier to key.Only 2 hours to fully charge it.

Bought it as a gift for a person that doesn't read manuals...person was able to get up & operational in short order, personalizing, texting, camera, downloads, wifi, etc.  Only down side -- person STILL hasn't read the manual...

I will never buy this specific model of phone, and implore those out there to reconsider this phone.  It worked great for a couple weeks, but then began doing things like rebooting randomly, dropping internet connections intermittently, not syncing with GPS, etc..  I'm known for breaking phones, so durability isn't something I usually rate, as I could break a phone made of bits of Superman, just by virtue of my clumsy nature..Besides that, the phone just didn't work very well and there are much better smart-phone options for those on pay-as-you-go plans that would do you better.

This is most definitely the worst phone I have ever used.  Not because of the service (Virgin mobile service is decent and better than AT&T;, which cost me almost $90/mo).  Calls and texting are generally fine.  But the device itself is the buggiest piece of junk I have ever used (of anything I have spent more than $100 on, in this case $200!  It essentially is constantly freezing, stuck, or somewhere in between operational and frozen.. it's almost like the memory in this thing is corrupt or something.  Apps don't work very well (the MAJORITY of them), even occasionally when I try to answer a call the touchscreen freezes up.  Just because this is an economical smartphone and the Virgin service affordable cost is enticing, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE.  PERIOD.  Get an LG or something else Virgin mobile offers, ANYTHING but this!!  You have been warned!!A minor comment - Andriod needs to improve its contact management system.  It is truly convoluted, horrible, illogical and unintuitive compared to the iPhone.  It doesn't help when you have an incredibly crappy phone such as this either!

It crashes and freezes constantly. GPS often never lock on to a satellite. Web pages often never open on 3G.

purchased this phone for a replacement gift for grandaughter.  She is pleased with it and it performs as stated.  The texting is really great and is used daily

I bought this phone two months ago and it already crashs cuts off on its own and cuts back one when it wants to and YouTube dose not work text messages dosent send at the time this is not a good phone don't get it is a waste of your money

This was my first Android phone. I had it April through October. It was nice at first, because I never had a smart phone before, let alone texting. But soon enough after crashing and freezing and being so irresponsive all the time I realized it just wasn't worth it. It ended up breaking in October and a few days later I bought an Optimus V. Works wonders now. Only con is that it doesn't have the keyboard I adored in the Intercept. My suggestion? If you want an Android phone with a keyboard from Virgin Mobile, the extra money fo the Optimus Slider is worth it. This isn't even worth your time.

.Virgin Mobile has now sent me like 6 of these intercept phones for free. I do love virgin mobile and everything they  have done for me. But this Samsung intercept phone has a lot to be desired.

Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk Plan is plagued by random loss of 3G service upon contract renewal due to VM's own system issues which they haven't fixed after several months.  This is an infurating problem which happened to me while on vacation and relying on 3G for navigation.  No matter what I did, 3G always redirected to Virgin Mobile's site.  I spent about 4 hours of my vacation going back and forth with tech support, which proved useless.  They never even mentioned that this is a common known issue, rather they acted like it has never happened to anyone ever before.  Then I threatened to report Virgin Mobile to the BBB for fraud.  The next day my 3G was working fine, imagine that.On top of that, Virgin Mobile's top-up system is unable to process my credit card for no apparent reason so I need to buy top-up cards from the local drug store.  My card works fine everywhere else including on Amazon.com, and my previous carrier:  Sprint!  (note:  Virgin Moble USA is an offshoot of Sprint)The Samsung Intercept's notification bar randomly locks up.  Once that happens either you must reboot the phone (which takes 2 minutes) or you need to hold down the home button until the list of apps is displayed, then click the back button (takes about 5 seconds).  This is undocumented and rather annoying if you don't know about the home/back fix.Other than those three troubling issues, the device works fairly well.  I just hope Virgin Mobile fixes their contract renewal issues, since those are just simply unacceptable.For accessories, I recommend the Body Glove "case", the XtremeGuard screen protector, and an iPad-rated 2.1 amp car charger, preferably one with a secondary 1 amp socket (few other car chargers seem reliable)

Without being redundant, if you want to save beaucoups $$$ on your monthly contract with a perfectly serviceable Android phone, this deal from Virgin Mobile and Samsung can't be beat.  Let's face it, I LOVE paying only $25/month for my wireless service.  NO ONE ELSE offers such a fantastic deal for unlimited texting and web surfing.  For those of you who are yappers, this may not work for you.  But for me, I yap with my fingers and always need web access.  With all my monthly savings, this phone paid for itself in less than 6 months.Tons of Droid apps with always more on the way.  This phone now has an Android 2.2 update from VM. Install the VM update and the phone totally rocks.  Love the separate keyboard and big keys.  Not those teeny keys like Blackberry, but big keys for fat fingers like mine.Yah, OK, 3G is slower than 4G, and the service coverage isn't as extensive as ATT's or Verizon's.  But, I'll live with these minor inconveniences because of the HUGE SAVINGS.  Let's face it, the hardware is updated every 9 - 12 months, so who wants to continuously update that stinkin' service contract for the newest phones?  With VM you get two of the latest phones on the cheap.  You don't have to live with it forever, because something newer and faster is only a year away.Here's a little side note to all of the gigantic service providers (and ATT is now swallowing T-Mobile), you lose.  Thank you Virgin Mobile.  I hope that you stay forever.

phone works great! not as fast as 4g but i am not paying for a 4g! so i am getting what i paid for a quality phone with a slide out keyboard(my fat fingers an touch screens dont mesh to well) came with 2.2 already installed ! no complaints ! majority of the negative reviews on this phone seem to be from users who did not read the  manual(which did not come with the phone but is on virgin site) or back up files b4 making updates and adding  all these apps! stupid!! lol a chrylser 300 is not a phantom people  and this is not an htc evo dont expect it to run like one!3 days after buying this  i see an ad on cnet for the optimus with sliding keyboard smh wtf!

This really is the worst phone I've ever had... as we speak, it just had to force close my email... AGAIN. It's so glitchy and SO SLOW! I can't tell you how many times I was in urgency and had to make a phone call or send a text and the entire phone crashes and you have to wait 5 minutes for it to restart itself. I've had to have this phone replaced THREE times! My dad has the same phone as well and he hates it! He's even considering leaving Sprint because they won't give him a new one. I'm a girl who lives in New York City... I am dreading the day when I need to use this thing in a REAL emergency!

This phone is so underpowered even the simplest tasks, like texting, severely lag. My old blackberries were much faster than my intercept. Also, it force closes everything frequently: Facebook, messaging, and even the phone while using a Bluetooth headset all shut down without any explanation. This phone is plagued with problems; I wouldn't even recommend the intercept if it were offered for free.

I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR ANYONE!!! NOT EVEN CHILDREN AND THE PEOPLE BEHIND THIS PRODUCT ONLY CARE FOR THE MONEY...THEY DON'T CARE IF YOU KNOW HOW TO OR DON'T KNOW HOW TO WORK A PHONE....IF YOU ARE SMART GET A FLIP PHONE BEFORE THIS THING CALLED PHONE

It seems like a good little phone, yes? IT'S NOT.It shuts off when it wants too, freezes constantly, glitches and then your SD card often gets erased, the keys stick, and when it freezes or shuts off, good luck trying to get it to turn back on. It gets stuck at the "Samsung" screen and you have to keep trying for upwards of 20 minuets. It's a phone with too many bugs to be worth the price.

This was the first phone I bought when I switched to Virgin Mobile. I really wanted a sliding keyboard and at the time it was the only slider smartphone option for Virgin Mobile.  I had problems with this phone immediately but tolerated it because I didn't know any better. It was only after using my wife's LG Optimus that I realized how awful this phone truly is. Sometimes it will ring continuously and you can't get it to do anything else so you have to remove the battery and reboot. The main problem is that it is painfully slow. When you turn the phone on the boot up process takes well over five minutes. The phone will also sometimes freeze up and you have to turn it off and then back on again. When you, push something on the touchscreen it might take 10 seconds for the phone to respond. Also, many of my apps frequently crash. Overall this phone is pretty much worthless and now that there are more phone options for Virgin Mobile there is absolutely no reason to buy this phone. I'm guessing that it will soon be discontinued. Virgin Mobile as a service has been great.

I bought this from virgin mobile's site. This phone is very sluggish, very low ram and can't handle multiple apps running at the same time let alone one. The price should be lower than 70 bucks. I had this phone for about a year and I can't find a better one at the moment. Notice virgin mobile doesn't carry This on their site anymore. They have a reputation of producing low end android cellphones that are Excessively quirky and glitchy. Don't get this phone as advice. The plans are decent compared to other carriers. I just don't  like the fact that I have to spend hundreds of dollars just to have a phone that will operate properly. Just like other carriers, the prices And plans of the products are never in balanced with the quality of the products they produce.

I've had my Samsung Intercept smartphone (rather, "dumbphone") for over a year.  I'm a very (VERY) patient person, but I find myself fantasizing about all the slow and painful ways I could destroy this piece of junk.  At this point, dropping it into a meat chipper (see "Fargo") is in the lead...But I digress.Here's the review:  we are with the Sprint network (which I actually like... aparently I'm one of the few...), and their 'helpful' sales rep talked me into buying this phone.  I wanted an Android, and wanted something that wasn't too expensive.  Sadly, she must have been getting some sort of incentive or kickback for selling (read: suckering) people into buying this phone.Here are the issues:  1)the phone locks up and freezes ALL the freaking time.  You then MUST remove the battery and reboot the whole thing if you want to resume use.  2)  The "on" process takes an interminably long time and sometimes even THAT freezes.  3)  The last Samsung update I ran erased ALL the memory.  4)  The screen will not auto-correct (ie. switch from portrait to landscape depending on how you're holding the phone).  5)  Sometimes the phone will ring and not allow me to answer it, nor will it go to voicemail, and it just rings and rings until I pull the battery off (this is especially fun during church, or during a meeting...)  6) Just about any app will "crash" the phone.  Terribly frustrating when you just MUST update your FaceBook status on the go...  7)  The battery life is abysmal.That's the 'short list' of problems.My 2 teenagers each have an iPhone (which they bought with their own money, I'm pleased to say).  Their iPhones SMOKE my Samsung, which they delight in pointing out to me at every opportunity.  The main reason I DIDN'T get an iPhone is because I really liked the slide out keyboard on the Intercept... and I will say, the keyboard is very nice and I have had no problem with that.However, at this point, I don't think the Intercept has any characteristics that make me want to keep it.iPhone, here I come!

Most of the reviews for this phone are talking about how great the plans that come with it are; sure the plans are good, but the phone itself is terrible so buy a different Virgin Mobile device. I've had this phone for about a year now, so heres my experience with it:I'll talk about my experience with Virgin Mobile and this phone since thats also relevant.Pros of Virgin Mobile1-Sprint network-pretty fast, decent coverage (not at my house).2-Cheap plans (though they've bumped up the cost $10 recently, they're still a lot cheaper)Cons of Virgin Mobile1-Customer service is TERRIBLE. I spoke with them for 2 months because my phone may have been defective (it kept randomly playing music even when i turned it off and wouldn't stop until i removed the battery) and got nothing from them at all just a bunch of rude individuals asking me to "hold down the end key until the phone turns off. They would cancel my ticket every 72 hours so I'd have to explain the issue to a new representative. Now hold down the end key again until it turns on" I requested a replacement daily for about two weeks until they agreed. THEN i demanded a new phone rather than a refurbished phone. I was promised the phone would be new. Then when they sent the phone, i called them again to confirm it was new-they promised. I opened the phone to find a badly cracked and scratched phone which i promptly placed in the box and sent back. Then about 2 weeks later i started getting threatening emails/texts/calls from Virgin demanding that i return my phone. They canceled my service. I called them telling them that I had sent the phone back in the prepaid envelope provided and they asked me for my tracking number which i obviously didn't record. I threatened legal action until they said "oh ok I guess we did get your phone" and stopped communicating with me-pretending my problem had been solved (it hadn't). Then Virgin refused all communications with me for another 3 months.  So here I am, with a defective phone. If you want Virgin mobile you really, really can't have a single problem.Problems with the phone1-it is really really really slow and lags behind frequently. This phone really can't compete with decent android phones of 3 almost 4 years ago.2-Editing contacts frequently results in the phone crashing. I can't edit contacts anymore, i have to go on my computer to edit them online.3-the screen is pretty small and low resolution.4-Sending texts is frequently impossible because i can't enter the contact's name into the To field-it just puts a comma between every letter.5-the phone is pretty heavy and thick compared to modern phones.6-the phone is so slow that using the android unlock screen is impossible because it can't track the finger movements.7-it constantly loses the 3g/2g data connection such that i have to restart the phone (a 4 minute process)Really honestly, just don't purchase this phone. ANY other phone would be able to perform basic functions-the lesser Virgin Mobile phones would be better. The Intercept is an insult to the android OS.

Brought this in February 2011. To be honest it is not a good phone and not worth your money in myopinion maybe $40 at the most. This phone is NOT efficient with 3g network, android apps or prettythe majority of the things it offers. It freezes and force-closes a lot.The cam/videocam combo is just, okay. Stupid thing is you can't turn off the shutter sound unlessthe phone is on vibrate. The battery life is nothing to brag about. My old lg flip-phone lasts longerthan this phone!I've tried better smartphones that cost $100. In my opinion you're better off getting those cheapervirgin mobile phones. The only thing this has over those phones are touch-screen & androidmarket. This phone is SO NOT WORTH $100! DONT BUY!!

i have this phone under a sprint contract and i have had so for almost a year now. this phone is the slowest and the glitchiest phone i have ever used or witnessed. i recommend that if you are going to get a smartphone this is not the phone to get. i have nothing against the service contractors but only the phone itself. i rated it two stars instead of one simply because of the service provider. and if you are unlucky enough to buy this phone unknowing of the phones state then i recommend rooting and overclocking if you can.

The was in great condition. I was greatly satisfied with the new phone i got through the mail.  Thank You

This is my first smartphone. I recently upgraded from the Samsung Restore to the Intercept (mine runs on 2.2.2). Have only used it a few days, works really well with the 2.2 update. Downfall is it can't hold a lot of apps, and the web browser is sometimes slow and loses connection, but apart from that the phone itself is really good! Light and speed; My phone is not laggy like some of the other users have said. It also runs videogame emulators really well too (if you know how to root and add custom roms, it will run PS1 games!) Camera quality is okay; have not tested multimedia messaging yet; and calls were crisp clear. So for now I give it 4 out of 5 stars; I will make a new review in a few months if my phone starts having problems.BTW, I bought my phone from a third party seller from Amazon. I think it some versions of the Intercept just work faster and better than other versions.

I bought this phone for my husband . I already have the same one. it is sturdy and have all the features that go with  a modern phone without the heafty price. you can surf on the internet , text,  and it is a touch phone. it is also an speaker phone and have a camera and a bluetooth too. it has an alarm clock and many other features too. the batery life last a long time . so this is a phone that is prepaid for people like us on a budget. My husband got me mine 2 I/2 years ago and I still funtion like knew. Now I 'am returning the favor.  the pull out slide keyboard works great . they are soft to your fingers and has all the signs including  percentage . there is also another keyboard inside the phone as well . so you are cover both ways .you can surf and the same time than talking as well. so i  Love this phone. THIS WAS A GREAT PURCHASE.

I bought this years ago and it worked well for years, but now it's quite bulky compared to new phones presently and the drivers are a bit funky when installing.

I've had this phone for a year and four months.  I liked the price of the Virgin Mobile data plan and this seemed like a good phone.  The features on this phone are great, but I've had constant problems with the phone freezing up or shutting off on its own.  Now, it has died completely -- just four months after the expiration of the warranty.  Even though this phone is my cheapest option for a Virgin Mobile smart phone, I would not buy it again.

I downgraded from my Samsung Fascinate to this phone to save on monthly fees. I went from paying $75/month ($69.99 voice + data plan + taxes/fees) for unlimited data + 450 minuts to paying $27/month ($25/month plus tax) for unlimited data + 300 minutes.The data speed on Virgin mobile is better than Verizon's, which was a big surprise. I get 80-90 kb/s with this phone, where as I got 50-60 on Verizon.The phone's 800mhz processor is more than fast enough, and blazes through the tasks I need to do just as quickly as the fascinate's 1ghz processor. I can listen to streaming radio, check email, surf the web . . . just like I did on the fascinate.It has GPS just like the fascinate and wifi too.The only difference between the two phones is that the screen on this phone is a major step down from the fascinate. The two are not even comparable. However, this screen is functional enough for you to do what you need to do.

Coming from a ton of different cellphones including blackberry and playing with friends androids  and iphones before I decided to switch over...This phone is so awesome I love it. And for an android if you task kill (shut down unnecessary applications) it has pretty good battery life, too.You simply cannot beat Virgin Mobile's no contract plans i have the 1200 min and unlimited text data email and web plan and 5$ for insurance (same as any paid insurance) monthly. I qualify for any contract I want but I am sorry this is so much better. no more arguing about billing matters every other month or having unexpected charges and additions to your plan that customer service cant explain... Virgin mobile has come a long way and if you tried them before and didnt lke them it really is time to try again.You will save the money you pay for the phone on your bill in just a month or two.I ordered from lee's electronics on amazon and he has new in box products and ships really fast!!!

Received phone, was all excited, can not get it to work the way it is supposed to. Have spent lots of money and time on this thing, I am very disappointed!!!

I bought this phone thinking it was a steal at $250 and only $25 a month for call, text and internet. I was so very wrong. THIS PHONE IS A CHEAP PIECE OF CRAP!!! At first I had trouble with the viewing the web on it. It was extremely slow and would freeze all the time. Plus I could not use this phone at work. No signal at all. So I decided to deal with it since it seemed to work fine everywhere else. 2 Months later the signal started to jump around like crazy. It would go from 4 bars to 2 to 1 to zero back up to 2 then 1 then zero again usually landing at zero so trying to send a text was nearly impossible. So I went from having at least one bar in my home to zero. Then it started freezing when I tried to text. And if I kept trying it would resend an old text. I contacted Virgin Mobile several times about these issues and they offered no help at all. All I got back were generic answers that a computer would give me. Once gave me an answer to a question I didn't even ask. Nice huh?! I tried calling but was also given the runaround. I was told they could not look up my info at this time. Blah blah.....Virgin Mobile may seem like a great deal but it is not worth the hassle. This company does not care about it's customers at all. Go with a plan with a better company. At least that way you can return the phone for another with little to no hassle. They refused to listen to me. They would not let me return this phone. They could offer no explanations as to what was going on and acted as though they didn't even care. Stay away from this company. THIS DEAL IS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE! Believe me, I know.

this thing sucks. go with the optimus v. save your time, money and patience. its unresponsive, and cant even get the wifi tethering to work. im going back to my faithful old optimus

I have had this phone for almost a year and it has been dropped more times then I can count. It has a body glove around it which helps a lot but in general the device just takes a kicking and keeps on ticking. Recently Virgin sent out a firmware update to upgrade us to android 2.2 which was great because then i was able to install WinAmp for Android. Not the biggest screen but it works great with the keyboard. I have been able to install all most any app in the market with the exception of Firefox mobile because its simply too much of a memory hog. Other then the 3.2 inch screen size and not being able to install firefox I really have no complaints.

I bought this phone and the keyboard is awesome and easy to write, and use when texting or searching on the web

I love this phone however Virgin Mobile has pathetic customer service.  The first month I had this phone it was great.  I loved it.  When I topped up for my second month I lost internet service.  I called customer service and they had me reset my phone and I lost everything.  That however did not resolve my problem.  They also double billed me so I called them back and they said they fixed that but it is still on my credit card.  Upon further research, Virgin Mobile has had this problem for a couple years whenever someone tops up.  It is called THE REDIRECT OF DEATH because the phone redirects to their website.  They are also famous for double billing and not resolving that either.I WOULD NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY.

As with most reviewers I got this phone as I was fed up with spending $100+ a month on my iPhone with AT&T; (but this applies to other providers too).I received it 11 months ago and in mid-April the phone was upgrade to Android 2.2 (Froyo) automatically (over the air) from 2.1 (Eclair) - while I appreciated the gesture (and it shows that Samsung/Virgin are committed to rolling out upgrades) and was very excited to get the upgrade the phone unfortunately can not handle the updated OS.The phone is not very responsive and as a result I keep the apps to a minimum; to be fair that's ok too as I am paying my $25 / month (plus $2 in taxes) and saving $$$ along the way.

OverallThis phone is one of the best phones I've owned. I've used a few Android-powered devices before such as the G1, HTC Hero, Kyocera Zio, Motorola Droid, and the Huawei Ascend. This phone compares nicely to them. It runs 2.1 with 2.2 update in the near future. It runs pretty smoothly. The 3.2MP camera takes wonderful pictures. The data on this phone isn't the fastest but it is definately not slow. It has stock Android so there is no TouchWiz. It does not support Live Wallpaper, nor does it support Flash. The screen resolution isn't the best but the screen is vibrant. The keyboard is durable and firm. I went from paying $50+ a month to $25. This phone is perfect for social networking.On AndroidIt has stock Android 2.1 Eclair. The phone has a few VM links, such as "Activate", "My Account", "Downloads", and "Virgin Mobile Live". It also has Youtube, Facebook, AirG Chat, Alarm Clock, Amazon MP3, Maps, Market, Navigation, Talk (GoogleTalk), and ThinkFree Office mobile suite. On default there are 3 home screens. The transition is smooth. On occassion (usually when there are too many apps in the background) the screen may lag a bit.I have GDE so I have a total of 6 screens, with a CUBE like transition. The default messaging app needs a little work. I use Handcent, it allows signitures and pattern-lock screens. To make sure the phone doesn't slow down, I use Advanced Task Killer to kill background task. Pandora streams pretty well on both WiFi and EVDO.It uses Sprint's Nationwide Coverage, I went to Denver a few days ago and it worked seamlessly.If you are a first time Android User, I definately recommend this phone.

I've had the Samsung intercept for virgin mobile for 5 months now. I went from a iphone 3gs so i could lower my monthly cost and hey why not try out the first pre pay droid! 25 Dollars a month 300 minutes unlimited web and texting is a amazing deal for this especially for a droid! I like a phone with a physical keyboard and touch screen.Over all Its a great phone its running 2.1 firmware which hopefully can be upgraded to 2.2 because I'm not a fan of the firmware. The touch screen is pretty responsive I find myself using the virtual keyboard more than the slide out keyboard. And if you're worried about the phone dropping calls with face touching the screen don't worry it's got a sensor.  Since VM is owned by sprint its very fast where I live I get no signal with Verizon, T Mobile, and Cincinnati bell.It has moments were it goes slow and apps won't open and notification bar wont drag down but it has served for a good phone for a cheap monthly fee.The whole iphone versus droid thing isn't too viewable unless you've had both you can look at their pros and cons and reviews but you can't just base that off what you should get.  Yes it will give you a bit of a over view of what you're going to get you self into and features but just like a car you want to drive it before you buy it not watch someone else drive it.

Need a mobile phone. It's OK.  We are not much into phones, so it is not easy to provide an evaluation.  We found no issues with the phone.  Hope this helps.

If this phone is running really slow, just save your contacts and reset it, makes it so much faster. Then just go without apps and you will have a very speedy phone.

i have had this phone for about a week and im in love with it.i did  alot of research be for i bought this phone, and found it even gives the HTC hero a run for its money.with a 800 mhz processor it dose not have much lag if any, compared to the HTC hero at about 528 mhz (if i remember correctly i know its around there.). and it even come with a 2 gig sd micro card pre-installed and can be up graded to a 32 gig. and depending on what kind of keyboard you like it has 3 different kinds, on screen vertical, on screen horizontal, and even full QUWARY keyboard.it has a 3.2 megapixel camera, that works very well and has a focus feature.and it also has a great zoom, with 10x optical and 15x digital zooms, you can get the shot you want.(side note to zoom the more you zoom in with digital it dose get a lil pixelated.)i have not tried it im low light but in day light it take beautiful pics. you can also save time and upload your pics straight to the top social net working sites. this phone has a 3.5 head phone jack so you dont have to buy a new pair. and if you dont want to use head phones or share your music with others is has a great speaker, and music comes threw perfectly.as for the android system it is on and droid 2.1 and has been confirmed that its getting android 2.2 ( even a good amount of HTC's will not be updated. with over 70,000 apps and tons of free apps there is not much you have to pay for using this phone with virgin mobile since you get unlimited data. as for internet speeds its not the best but is by far not the worst, it runs on EVDO-O as opposed to EVDO-A so its slightly slower then sprint phones. even with that said i live in a place where net is BAD and even with 1 or 2 bars its works very well.the touch screen works very well and is easy to use.in short this phone is good for advanced phone users, or even as a first phone. virgin mobile has a very good parental control set up to check min use-age, and even lock select features. and if this is a users first phone or first touch screen phone it has a tutorial in the settings, and is easy to navigate. i would recommend this phone to anyone.

The Samsung Intercept is an excellent gift for your younger family members.  My Grandaughter got in trouble for abusing her phone privledges and was picked on by the phone police. ( my daughter and son-in-law) They denied her of her "Phone God" given rights.  She called the benevolent Grandfather and recieved a prepaid Samsung Intercept which she had to buy minutes in order to use. She is thrilled with the capabilities and her parents are thrilled with the restrictions. Amazon has functioned as a family councilor. I thank you and my kids thank you and most of all my grandaughter thanks you.P.S. It's the best value for the money.

Really like the droid phone, was not sure at first. After having it for a few days... I'm really liking it, Shipped and received in great time.

I wouldn't recommend this phone to my worst enemy. It's slow and crashes constantly. There is NO reason to buy this phone at all. Get the Optimus V Slider and you'll have a phone you can actually use.

I've had this phone for a few years. I haven't downloaded much onto it at all, yet it still is extremely slow now, takes a ton of time to respond to the touch screen, and is utterly frustrating.For a phone that was originally $200, this thing should come with me to the grave, but instead I'd rather use it as a doorstop.Resetting the phone did not help.My friend said that overall, he thinks that the programming of the phone is just sub-par.

I freaking love this phone! I got it sooner than i thought i would get it! way sooner i ordered my cell phone case a day earlier and thought i would got that sooner but it came a week later than i thought that would but its all good!

If the Next-Generation of this Samsung Intercept | Virgin-Mobile should be/have:System RAM: 256MB - Speed should be just like an iPod Touch latest Generation, the RAM that it has right now is too Low for an AndroidScreen Size: 3'5 - Screen size just like the latest iPod Touch/iPhoneCamera: 3.5 MP - The highest Megapixel it should have with intelligent CameraTouch Sensitive: High sensitivity, when I touch the screen it sometimes does not respondPrice: $189.99 - Not too cheap and not too expensiveRelease Date: Virgin-Mobile decide to make a new generation of Samsung Intercept

With a 800 MHz processor, you would think that this phone was going to have some speed.  Think again. Samsung failed on this product.  I would find myself pressing buttons 2 or 3 times to get a response.  I recently sold the phone and bought a 600 MHz, LG Optimus V.  The Intercept makes the Optimus V look like a super phone.  If you want to save yourself some headache and time pressing non-responsive buttons, get the Virgin Mobile LG Optimus V.

Pros:- Solid build quality- Camera is alright- Physical keyboardCons:- VERY slow and unresponsive- not enough on board phone storage- GPS won't work anymore- Screen resolution is terrible- battery life is awfulI hate this phone and will be replacing it as soon as I can. The virgin mobile service is alright and the phone is quite sturdy. It's been dropped a couple times with no damage what so ever. That's all that it has going for it however.The phone is very slow to respond and freezes often. Even things that should work well on any phone like the phone app to dial numbers is slow and choppy. Most of the time when receiving a call the phone locks up and I have to call them back.The GPS used to work OK, not great just OK, but now it doesn't work at all. This isn't even a standard android resolution it's taller and narrower so many apps look off. It doesn't have enough phone storage so I what one or two apps I actually have I transfer to the memory stick so it doesn't tell me I'm out of memory. When it's time to update the thing refuses to transfer the programs back until I clear up space. Then it tells me that I still don't have enough space to download the update but I can't free up any more memory.It has now become my MP3 player. I can't pick up an incoming call, I can't use the GPS functions, It's too unresponsive to type texts or dial numbers, I can't install android apps, I can't update anything anymore, and the battery won't even get me through half a day without needing to be recharged but at least I can listen to some music from time to time.

when I first got this lovely piece of garbage, it was bad. And then it just got progressively worse. It would call people on my contact list randomly, including my ex boyfiend (thank you so much for that one) it would make beeping noises because the cheap crappy buttons got stuck all the time, and on top of it all, the volume would adjust itself. Possessed? Or just a cheaply-made brick of trash?

I like the silde out keyboard, and the long(er) battery life, but that's about it. It constantly freezes and I have to pull the battery. All the apps keep crashing, then it'll freeze. I guess it's ok but still not worth the $42!

I can't believe they are still trying to sell this phone, let alone for over $100.  I don't believe Virgin Mobile supports this phone anymore since you can't purchase it on their website nor get any kind of updates, if any, on this cell phone.  Granted when I first got the phone I thought it was the best thing in the world, then, add a few apps, and that 256K RAM memory, forget about a functional smart phone.  What you will get is a cell phone that will shut itself off.  I rooted it eventually and that worked for a bit, although, the hardware makes it impossible to use now.  If your looking for a relic or antique, purchase it by all means, but if it's something you will be utilizing, look for something else, and off topic of this product, why on earth are they still trying to sell Android 2.2.  I can't think of many programs that would work on that operating system, at least look for Gingerbread 3.2 I think or better yet, just get 4.0 and save yourself a great deal of headaches.

Brought phone for my 9 yr old son, which is 11 now. Loved it. Had apps and the price was worth it. Phone still in good shape.

I previously owned a Sprint HTC 4G Evo which I was paying a TON of money for each month. I then acquired an iPad, and found that for half the price I could have Verizon 3G and this Virgin Mobile phone. I thought I might have withdrawls from my EVO so I bought this fancy pre-paid phone with Android. Right now I'm thinking (more like dreaming) of taking it back and getting the Triumph. I would say if you can't afford much and would like to experience Android, you might want to consider this. The problems I'm finding is the Android interface doesn't seem to fit the size of this screen well.Also there are some really clunky things about the interface (and it seems the Triumph has this also). You have to slide a red phone icon to hang up? This seems cumbersome, and meaningless. The EVO seems to work better. I can barely read the display. I'm not having really bad withdrawals since I do have the iPad, but it seems I can't go without the iPad now. I was in a hospital and the 3G reception was non-existent. It seems slow on the 3G side, a bit of a joke really.If you have more than one or two running services it is really sluggish, and the web browser barely works, hitting the back key is either sluggish or fails. It's cool having an Android, but don't be disappointed if it's not really that easy to use with such a small screen. I have not had many other issues, the battery life is ok, but i'm used to keeping it on a charger all the time. Oh and it was nagging me with notifications all the time that I could not figure out what they were, so I turned off audible notifications.

This is not very user-friendly.  I agree with other reviewers that it is very slow. Normally I won't buy anything that I haven't read reviews on, this was an exception.  How I wish I'd read the reviews!  It didn't come with a manual so I bookmarked the online manual but find this is lacking in even basic info.  The only positive input I could give is that I really like the slide-out keyboard, it works well with my chunky fingers.  Unfortunately, bought this at Target, going to try to return it tomorrow..wish me luck.

The Samsung Intercept is a decent Android phone. While it may not be on par with the iPhone and other Android phones in terms of features and performance. It gives them a bloody nose in terms of economics. I have been using my Intercept for almost a month now do not regret it the slightest. It is no iPhone but does everything I want with no issue. The data is speed is pretty robust and call quality is good.Initially I wanted the iPhone but I couldn't justify the overall cost. Considering $199 for the phone and almost $90 per a month for 2 years I couldn't justify. I love the iPhone OS but I didn't care for 2gb bandwidth cap and over priced phone service. After spending 249.99 on the phone and choosing the $40 a month plan. I do not have one shred of buyers remorse. I plan on getting 2-3 years our of this phone. Comparing to what other Android phones will run long term its a intelligent purchase. After all my favorite feature of the phone is the small monthly cost and no contract.Feature wise the phone works well. Everything works as advertise. My only recommendation is buy a protect case such as the rubberize one from Body Glove and the micro sd card for your media. And spend some time researching all things Android to get the most out of your phone.For another perspective check out this comparison of the Virgin Mobile Intercept and Droid X[...]

This phone was my first Android, I thought at first it was okay, but even being new to Android, I could notice things that weren't typical/normal. The freezing, the lagging, the dropped signals etc etc. At first it was minor, and I learned to ignore it...but as time went on, the problems became more frequent, and more intense. The phone would freeze up to where the only help was to take the battery out. Texts wouldn't send, would have to resend them 4 or 5 times, the keyboard kept me attached to it for awhile, because the one bright spot is the keyboard.Please save yourself a headache, and buy the LG Optimus slider (if you must have a keyboard), it will run you about $80 more, but I promise you will thank me a million times over. 10x faster, bigger screen, brighter screen, NEWEST Android OS, just as nice of a keyboard...just BETTER! By the way, those who say that the failed texts, and calls are just Virgin mobile, once I bought my Slider, I no longer had failed texts.

Do NOT buy this phone. I got mine with Sprint. It looks like a good value smart phone with all the bells and whistles and a QWERTY keyboard, but it is incredibly slow. I don't think I have ever given a product review this poor. I feel I am trapped with this phone until I'm up for a hardware upgrade.It is incredibly slow. Sometimes it freezes when a call is coming in so I miss it. Sometimes it freezes and turns itself off. Sometimes when I turn it on, it takes 20 minutes to load. Even when the phone is on mute, the MP3 player will start up all of a sudden on full blast and I have to either quickly plug in the headphones or tear out the battery because it happens at very inconvenient times.You get the point. Don't buy. Garbage. If you have an expensive phone plan that allows you to do all the things a smartphone should do, then spend the extra money on a good phone.

it drops calls,it won't let you make calls until it feels like letting you. it's huge and bulky. speakers are awful if you like music don't get this one!

I purchased the Intercept when it was the only Android phone offered by Virgin Mobile. I was excited to finally have the chance to get an Android phone, as I love Virgin and didn't want to switch away from the service.Virgin continues to be the best phone provider I've ever worked with (I've been a customer for over 10 years), but the Intercept is, in a word, frustrating. It takes an exceptional amount of time to run anything on the device, up to and including sending a simple text message (to the point that I've essentially stopped texting and use the Trillian client almost exclusively for communication with the phone). I've had the phone ring and been forced to wait so long for the screen to display the number calling me that I missed the call entirely before even being able to answer. I often worry about what might happen if I have to call 911 some time and need to wait a minute and a half for the phone to load.Additionally, the battery charge inlet has almost completely died in the last week or two; I'm only able to charge the phone if the charger is resting at just the right angle within the inlet, and the slightest jar out of place can dislodge it, meaning I've woken up to a dead phone after leaving it on the charger all night. Having purchased the phone just a few months ago in June - it's November now - this is more than just a disappointment, it's nearly criminal.Virgin has new Android phones available now, and I'll be moving on to one of them within a week or two. There is no circumstance within which I would recommend the Intercept to anybody, and it's my first Samsung phone, so I am leery of trying any other Samsung product.

first of the resolution sucks the keyboard is good but the phone is super slow So it will take you a while to get to your text. the screen does not respond good at all...  overall the phone horrible! DO NOT BUY!!!

Orders this for my 15yr old daughter so far she loves this phone .She doesn't seem to have had an problems either.

This was my very first Android phone and I was very excited when I bought it. Weeks later I wished I would have gotten something else... It constantly froze and force closed apps and the web browser. I was constantly having to take out the battery and restart it again. Also there is not enough space on this phone. I hardly had any apps installed, yet I had to always make room or else it would keep telling me I was low on space and block my text messages from coming through. It was also very slow at everything. This phone left me very frustrated. Trust me this phone is not worth the price it goes for.

I love my new Samsung Intercept!  It is my first smart phone and I love all the apps and the ease of use it offers.  Virgin offers fantastic coverage and excellent phone plans.  I wouldn't use any other phone company.  I do wish they offered a larger variety of phones to choose from, but don't find I am missing anything.  Except as an Apple user I would love to have an I-Phone, but would never switch to another carrier to get it.  This Samsung Intercept, makes me happy enough.

This is the worst piece of junk ever created. Run sloooooowly, few apps available, a pain in the head to use the app market cause it never connects, even when all other internet-using apps connect well. No computer recognizes it.These are not only my problems, google the issues I mention and you'll see how many people suffer the same, and have no solution. DO NOT EVER BUY this junk.

This phone was a nightmare from the first one I had till the 5th. replacement. It has a slow and cheaply built processor. The battery and just a couple background apps will cause the phone to overheat. The built in scroll sensor has issues to say the least. All in All you will be lucky to have the phone for more then 3 months (even with conservative use) before the phone will "lemon"..

The idea of this phone is good, but this is the slowest, buggiest phone I've ever had or even USED.-When going back to the home screen the icons don't show up for like 6 seconds.-It takes like 10 MINUTES to turn on the phone- I keep thinking what would happen if I needed to call 911, I would die in the time it takes to turn this beast on!!-50% of the time it crashes when I'm even just trying to put in my lock screen swipe pattern! And then its like "Sorry, try again"!-It crashes if you try to work with the phone too fast say load the browser and then press home 1 second later it will crash and display the Samsung logo.-Sometimes it will just randomly start playing music from my library, when i'm not even touching my phone.-Games downloaded take so many minutes to load up that you just go "forget it!"I honestly thought there was something wrong with my phone but it seems everyone else says these EXACT same things about this phone in reviews. I wish i could just get my money back, I only got this phone because of teh 25 dollar Virgin Mobile service thing. I can't wait to upgrade to something that isnt so slow and buggy!

I am very displeased with the phone. I expected it to be better than my recent phone the kyocera rise that I purchased for only $35.00. I was horribly wrong.  I cannot download any other apps because it makes the phone go slower than it already does, not to mention they crash. All it can do is call and text, however the reception for both of them are horrible.

Ordered this phone and although the service is great..the phone itself sucks!!! Freezes all the time..shuts off by itself and sometimes doesn't let me know I have messages.

I purchased this phone shortly after it came out in November 2010.  I was really excited for an Android phone on Virgin Mobile, but my excitement quickly wore off and this has not been a pleasant year together.Problems arose from the moment I unpacked the Samsung Intercept.  After getting it setup, I called a friend to test the voice quality (as this was my first Virgin Mobile phone, and first CDMA phone).  Unfortunately, he couldn't hear me.  After making several more calls, and doing a hard reset, I realized the mic was faulty.  So I called VM for a replacement.The second one I received performs about as well as one can expect this phone to.  It's innards appear to struggle with the complexity of Android OS.  It's slow, and often freezes or suffers (rather I suffer) long pauses opening, switching between, or closing applications.  Like clockwork, I do a battery pull ever three days because the sluggishness becomes unbearable.  I've pretty much kept to the stock applications, because the few I've tried to install are non-functioning on this phone.  You can forget about playing games on it.Battery life is horrible.  Since it was new, I've had to place it on the charger every night before bed.  I never leave wifi or GPS on.  I rarely talk on it.  Basically I just use it for texting.  With that usage pattern, if I'm lucky I get 16 hours of up-time before it alerts me to charge it.  Sometimes it dies before that, and it simply goes dead iin my pocket.  Not a good phone option if you'd need it in an emergency while out and about.Google Maps and Navigation work pretty well, mind you it must be plugged in or you'd be lucky to get an hour out of it on just battery power.  It gets a little screwy if you receive a call while running navigation though.When it comes to signal strength, the signal indicator is more-or-less useless.  In my downtown office, it'll sometimes have full bars and two minutes later have nothing.  Sometimes it'll allow me to send a text, others not.  Sometimes make a crystal clear call, others not.  And this is all while sitting at the same desk everyday.  Same story at home.  When it comes to signal, apparently this phone is sensitive to whichever way the wind is blowing at any given moment.Texting makes me want to throw this thing in the street and let it get run over by a city bus.  I'll have days when the texts will quickly go out, almost instantly, like one would expect.  Other days, EVERY SINGLE TEXT will fail to send.  And it's not like other devices I've had that will try again once a signal is found.  This will just fail to send the text message, buzz you a warning, then allow the text to rot there.  It makes you go back in, hold your finger on the message that didn't send, click edit from a pop-up menu, and then attempt to send again (which will likely fail 2-3 more times).  Keep in mind, I'm in the same places every day and go between a large city and suburb.In closing, even at the current rock-bottom prices, I strongly suggest avoiding this phone.  The money you will save isn't worth the madness it will cause you.

My wife and I switched from Verizon 3 months ago. At first we were really excited. We got nothing from verizon (limited talk minutes and unlimited text) for over $100 per month. After switching we pay half and have droids (Samsung Intercept) with everything.Then issues started to arise. We have never been able to send or receive picture messages for some reason (still can't). We went out of town one weekend and all of a sudden the old pictures we had sent previously came through. We came home and again, no picture messages. Strange.Unfortunately, if you need to ever call their customer service you will find that you get nowhere. The call center is in Mexico and they have no technical knowledge whatsoever. In fact, they have "reprogrammed" my phone only to leave it worse than when I started. I have had to call back and have another person put my phone back to the way it was. Of course then they act like it's all good even though two hours later I'm right back where I started.Here's another example...my wife's minutes did not reset one month when she topped up. She got a text that she was almost out of minutes after about 10 days. She checked online and the counter indicated that she was 15 minutes short of her limit. However, when she added up the phone calls since she had last topped up (10 days prior) it equalled 85 minutes. Needless to say, she called the customer service number and spent over 40 minutes explaining this to the rep. 40 minutes! This of course was after the rep. tried to get her to send a text message to see if that worked (what?). Finally, after being on hold for an extended period the rep. came back on the line and said that she added the minutes since she last topped up and she is showing that only 85 minutes were used. Apparently she came up with that all on her own... Anyways, she finally did credit my wife's account with an additional 215 minutes to account for the error. Mind you, this was 40 minutes later.The typical response by customer service to any issue is for you to take the battery off of your phone and let it sit for at least 15 seconds and then power it back up. If that doesn't work, you're out of luck! In fact the last time I called I was told I needed to charge my phone because she thought it was starting up too slowly.Here's the lowdown.....So long as you have no problems with your phone or your account you will get a cheap monthly rate for the same thing that other carriers offer for 3x's as much or more. However, if you have any issues and require service of any kind...good luck.

Impressed with the phone..but not Virgin service.  I am a Boost Mobile customer and really love their customer service and simple billing procedures.  I was not a fan of either at virgin.  Went back to Boost happily and got their Samsung Trance Ultra and love it.

this is the best phone ever! plus its my first phone and im very picky with phones.i really recomend this phone to you.f.y.i. this phone is better then the iphone!!!

Good cell Phone And for its price is very convince to use wifi aplications Althoug is and old cell phone

The FIRST month: I fell in love with the phone, I saw the reviews of others & ignored them because my phone was working perfectly! The SECOND month- PRESENT: I've never hated something as much as I hate this phone. It doesn't do anything, beside self restart & freeze!! I called Sprint numerous times & went to the store several times & they kept suggesting that I get a replacement. Why in the World would I get the same piece of crap again? If I was in harm's way I would definitely be screwed because this phone is slow in every way possible. I recently found an EVO on here for about $200 w/o a contract upgrade so I'm waiting for that to come & save me from my misery! Invest your money elsewhere or you will regret it like the rest of us!!

I would write a longer review about how bad this phone is, but I don't think I'll bother to. A short one should do.The keyboard is fine, but it doesn't make up for the fact that the overall response of this phone is SLOW. I tried an app killer and a battery saver on it, but those apps further degraded the phone's responsiveness. Upgrading to Froyo improved things a bit, but still, the freezes and memory problems remained. Moving data through USB is sketchy at best. It sometimes cuts off when moving large amounts of it. Luckily, none of my data was lost. (I even made one backup from the micro SD card to a Western Digital 1.5 TB hard drive just before getting rid of the phone.)The camera is actually decent, considering that it lacks flash. It's better than the one that's on the LG Optimus V I now use, but I know my way through Photoshop, GiMP, etc. to fix photos if needed. Night mode actually works quite well. Video quality is passable, but with a poor video processor, it lags behind the LG. Speaking of which, Angry Birds and most other games run slowly, whereas on the LG, they run at a good (if not the absolute fastest) speed.Still, it fails where I need it most. I needed it to do web, text, music, some gaming, and QR/UPC scanning. 3G was barely tolerable, at best. For me, this phone was a huge, EPIC FAIL.Please save yourself the trouble, and don't buy this phone. Seriously.

It's a good phone when it works correctly. Picture messaging on Virgin Mobile is a big problem with this phone, not just for me but I read a lot of forums that say the same thing. Sending and receiving picture messages works sometimes and other times you just get error messages. Turning the phone off and then on again sometimes works but it's like rebooting a computer and it takes a while. This is actually a problem with Virgin Mobile and not specifically the phone itself but I thought I would mention it. They supposedly have a "fix" for it coming soon. The phone itself freezes up sometimes which is annoying. The touchscreen itself as well as the four main buttons at the bottom can be frustrating. I own an ipod touch and the touchscreen on that is perfect. But with the Samsung Intercept, sometimes you have to try four or five times to get the touchscreen to work properly. The battery life is also horrible. I actually upgraded to this phone because I had to recharge my old phone every day. Well apparently the APPS on the Samsung Intercept use up a lot of battery life because I have to charge the phone up every day and that's even when I barely use it. And I only have 4 APPS downloaded that I use. The bright spot is the nice big slide out keyboard. The buttons are just the right size. The problem is that when I slide it out I'm either hitting the volume button or activating something on the touchscreen. Of course there is the Android market that has tons of APPS that you can download, most of which I find useless, but some are good. I do find it convenient that it has APPS for Yahoo mail and Facebook. But for a $200 phone I'm disappointed that it doesnt work better.

I ordered this phone as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She really likes it. It hasn't been out of her hand very much since she got it. She says what she likes most is the touch screen and being able to access the internet.We are very satisfied.

I purchased this phone about a year ago. Feed backs: It is slow compared to other andriod, but this phone will do you good if your just looking for a cheap smart phone. The Optimus slider for virgin mobile is also a check-out.

Very disgruntled about this phone, constantly freezes, up, to make calls is a nightmare.. nothing about this phone has been great.. I want my money back

So, as of this writing I'll have had my intercept for a little under a year (a month under, to be exact). I bought it after it first came out, having switched from another no-contract wireless provider I was thrilled to be getting an android phone. The phone was fantastic until they upgraded the OS. After they upgraded the OS I've been prone to crashes, my apps freezing, getting a black screen when the phone rings leaving me with no way to see who is calling and no way to answer it.When the phone is working properly.. I love it. Everything is smooth, there is a small delay while loading things but nothing that isn't manageable. But when it decides to be buggy it's really bad and I'm left wanting to throw my phone against the nearest brick wall. Throw in there some random restarts for no apparent reason and you've got the making for a fairly frustrating experience. I recently reset the phone to the factory defaults and it worked smoothly for about an hour before it started lagging and crashing again.All in all, it isn't an overly terrible phone, just don't expect to do much with it aside from text or make phone calls. Listening to music isn't that bad either so long as the phone doesn't freeze up. I would recommend just spending a few more bucks on one of the newer phones though. In the long run it'll save you the headache that the Intercept inevitably becomes.

I purchased this phone downgrading from my Sprint HTC phone.  This phone is WAY better.  The camera is not as good but I would say that is my only complaint.  No freezing, the battery lasts all day, and calls are clear.  Definitely would recommend this phone.

the moment i saw this phone on the virgin mobile website, i fell in love with it...mostly because of the 25$ plan....this phone is the greatest thing i've ever bought. this seller offered the phone for almost 40 dollars off and delivered faster than others....whoever buys this phone, i hope you feel the same about it as i do.....

Luv this phone...great service...great reception...the keys are easy to text and type on...they are smooth and have a flat surface...the touchscreen is very easy to use...and it works quickly....very efficient phone...i DEFINITELY WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO THOSE FIRST TIME ANDROID PHONE USERS..AND FOR THOSE WHO ALREADY KNOW HOW TO USE THEM...!!!

This phone is GREAT! People say this phone is terrible because they used to have at&t, Verizon, or T-mobile and Iphones! Now, they think EVERY phone should be like an Iphone, so they go and hate  this phone because it isn't as "high tech" as the Iphone!!  Get my flow?  I know it has like 3 stars on the VM website, but look past what others say! This is truly a GREAT phone! Get it! You can't beat the prices, but this phone is great for ages 10-100! Texters have a great advantage, and so do adults! :) Great phone, and I am so glad I got the Samsung Intercept!

The phone is a great catch for a prepaid plan. I plan on keeping it a long time then upgrade to tha triump. Go virgin mobile.

I really dont see why these people are giving thise piece of junk such good reviews. Since day one ive always had problems with it. I wish i could delete all my apps just so it could work faster. Im suprised ive had it for this long. I would not recomend this to anyone. Worst phone in the world!

I only pay $25 a month for unlimited messaging, web and 300 minutes which is not bad at all but the phone is horrible. Freezes up on me all the time and then shuts off. I don't know if it is the service or the phone but I cannot get picture messages at all and most of the time it won't let me send picture messages. Battery power is lame, barely lasts me a day. Will NOT send pictures to my email. Honestly, save your money. Contract may be good, but the Samsung intercept is the worst phone I have ever had.

I haven't had much problems since the newest phone update.  I am experience little to no freezing or lag and I am able to run most any app on this thing.  The only problem I really have is that I cannot always connect to the internet though most of the time I can.

I bought this as a gift and I regret it. This phone is slow and is prone to locking up. I have done some research and it seems that this is due to the lack of memory. Forget about loading a few apps on this phone. It also feels plasticky / not solid. It also comes with as MicroSD-to-SD adapter, but no MicroSd card, so you will need to purchase separately. I personally own/use the LG Optimus V, and it is a much better option.

Got this phone because it was Andriod and cheaper than any of the other Virgin Mobile Andriod phones. It was great...at first. After 3 months of not dropping it, not squishing it, not even keeping it anywhere where it could be damaged, it started messing up. As of right now, it won't bring up any calls right away and the answer button doesn't work so I usually end up missing my calls and then it takes forever (5 mins) for me to even get to the call log to call back. The 'dialer app' or whatever it's called, crashes and I've even gotten a crash message for the andriod system itself and for the contacts. My husband got the same phone as me, and he's stopped using it after it won't stop restarting itself for no apparent reason. My husband has the same problems as me and both of us have problems sending a small txt (yes I know it could be a network issue and not a phone issue but I think it's a lil of both). Those are just the big issues...there's even smaller ones than that. Basically it's a cheaply made smart phone and shouldn't even be worth your time or money spent.

I just upgraded to this phone from my old LG Rumor Touch and it's also my first Smart Phone. The most impressive feature out of the box is the incredible call quality. My brother called me as he was walking down a very busy street with cars driving by and it sounded like he was speaking to me from a library--the phone is excellent at canceling out background noise. The biggest con in my opinion: the battery life. If you get this out of the box, send some text messages throughout the day and surf the web for a little while, then you're going to have to charge it every night. My LG Rumor Touch was able to do what this phone does everyday and only needed charging about every 4 days. The best way to remedy this is to download the NetQin Mobile Guard app which manages your battery, gives you the option to turn on and off WiFi and GPRS (which isn't necessary if you're not transmitting data) and allows you to instantly kill background apps that aren't essential (such as Amazon MP3, Browser and other stock apps that have a nasty habit of opening themselves up constantly). Doing this should increase your battery at least 20% by the end of the day.There are a ton of apps that make this phone fun. Angry Birds is incredibly addictive, but if you're looking for a gaming phone, then Android--specifically this Android--just isn't for you. The games available on the Android Market are pretty sub-par and the good 3D games really aren't cut out for this device as those are geared more towards the powerful Droids that are provided by the major carriers and the new tablets that run on Android. However, PopCap has recently stated that an Android version of Plants VS Zombies should be out within the next few months so that's something to look forward to! The absolute best app for me has got to be Skyfire which is an Internet browser that allows you to watch a lot of Flash content that's available on the web. Over Virgin Mobile's network--without the assistance of WiFi--I've been able to watch full episodes of South Park from their official website and some episodes of Family Guy from one of those "watch family guy x.com" websites. The video quality is excellent and I mean EXCELLENT; I was very impressed and the loading times are very fast; a full episode of South Park loads in about 10 seconds and it never stops to buffer. However, depending on the site, you won't get an option to pause; South Park Studios .com is one of those but I'm confident that the developers are working to resolve this issue. Sorry, hulu doesn't work on Skyfire.Youtube was another major factor in my decision to get this phone. The LG Rumor touch supported Youtube but the video quality was terrible and it cut in and out constantly. Without the support of WiFi the quality isn't improved with this phone, however you've got the option to up the quality while not on WiFi but this results in lots of buffering and loading times but it does get the job done. When you're on WiFi, this can easily handle watching Youtube videos in extremely clear quality with next to no loading time. It's quality over VM's network obviously has to do with the fact that you're paying an extremely low rate for service so I don't really count this against Virgin Mobile.The network works rather decently. A few weeks ago I went to Arizona by way of the 40 freeway from Los Angeles. The cell service cut out occasionally because it's pretty desolate most of the way but my girlfriend's phone barely got any service, but it did for the most part, the entire way (she's got Verizon). At the Grand Canyon, forget it, it's a complete dead zone. The phone does have an issue with bogging down and running slow, but if you're good on managing running apps then you shouldn't have too much of a problem, however it did completely crash on my once. Another issue I have is that this phone takes about a full 2 minutes to boot up.Bottom line is that it's a great introductory Smart Phone and Virgin Mobile's rates can't be beat. I pay $25 for unlimited messaging, data and 300 minutes, but I rarely use that many. If you're a bigger talker, then there is a $40 plan for 1200 minutes and a $60 for unlimited everything. Also for consideration, if you have Skype, there is a Skype app so you can probably use that in place of spending more for more airtime minutes. So if you want real apps, an affordable non-contract Smart Phone, an EXCELLENT GPS device backed by the every growing support of Google and an expanding marketplace then this is the phone for you. The main issues with this phone fall on the shoulders of Virgin Mobile's network and the fact that this isn't the most powerful phone in the world. If you're okay with that then by all means treat yourself to a very fun Smart Phone.

I hate to spend money. I've been using the same old Nokia with T-Mobile TOGO for several years ($.10/minute). So when I saw that Virgin Mobile was offering a smartphone for $25/month I thought it was too good to be true. Researching various other websites I saw that the biggest drawback to Virgin Mobile was bad customer service. When the price of the Samsung Intercept dropped from $250 to $175 on the Virgin Mobile website I figured that was a price I was willing to gamble with.PURCHASE: I ordered the phone on Dec 14 and due to snow in the area it didn't arrive until Dec 18 (can't complain about free fedex). I was able to activate it (mostly) that night using the internet (note that it says you have to charge the phone for 2hrs minimum before use) and was soon downloading freeware to fill up my multiple screens. To activate the phone I decided to bypass the credit card option (I had read multiple accounts of "accidental" double-billing) and chose to use 'fill-up' cards that you can usually find discounted on the web (i.e. instead of $25/month I'll be paying $23 by using callingmart and other websites).PROBLEM: The problem occured when I tried to make an actual call. I was able to text/web-search and everything else just fine. I was not able to make a normal phone call and the voice on the phone said I was out of minutes. Fortunately when it tells you you have no minutes it asks if you would like to add minutes. I said "yes." It asked me how I would like to add minutes and I said "operator" only to find that Virgin Mobile's customer service is only open from 4AM to 7PM Pacific time. I called the next morning and was told by their Indian bureau that their computers were not functioning and to call again in 2hrs. I called 2hrs later and got their Filipino bureau and was told to remove the battery for 2 minutes, and then try the phone, and if that did not work then to try it again in 1 hr. 1hr later still no phone! I called again and got Mary in the Filipino bureau. I explained the problem and within minutes she had reset my phone and got it working.CONCLUSION: The moral of the story is that it's a great phone. You might have to jump through hoops to get it working, but the customer service is polite enough and you apparently just have to keep at it until you find the few knowledgeable techies over there. The phone does consume a lot of batterie life (I might have to look into different apps to work on this) - after playing with it for about 3-4hrs I was down to 60% battery power. The phone might look and feel plasticky, but it still seems solid enough. The slide out keyboard is awesome since I hate using the touchscreens on my friends' iPhones. The phone is very easy to work out and for more in depth explanations of icons and functions there is a manual on Virgin Mobile's website. If you were using an old 'candy-bar' phone like I was or (heaven forbid) a monochromatic phone, this is the one to upgrade with!UPDATE: A friend of mine successful loaded GooglePhone which allows him unlimited phone minutes with this phone in the US - Therefore you can have unlimited Data/Texting/Internet/Phone for ~$25/month (the closest thing to this is Cricket, and they want $40/month!)

Bought this at Virgin for $200 but it is not worth the prize. Have a good plan for $35.00 with unlimited internet use but unfortunately you can't even get on the internet, phone is too slow and not opening websites and at times I miss my incoming calls because it is so slow by the time phone is unlock, caller hang up.Samsung Intercept Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)

I bought this phone over a year ago at a Radio Shack in Odenton, MD.  I could not log onto the internet or Google Service for anything.  For 3 months, I was on the phone with Virgin Mobile until VM finally said I had a defective phone and sent me a REFURBISHED phone.  I was not happy to say the least.  In any case, I was finally able to log onto the internet and Google and access the Android Features.  Problems started cropping up immediately.  The phone would constantly lock up.  Self Restarts.  I'm an EMT and rely on the phone constantly.  I wish I had a dollar for every time this phone would lock up at inappropriate times.  The battery life sux at bet.  I can't even get through a full 8 out shift without going into the red or the phone dying on me.  I have to keep it plug in while in the Ambo to maintain battery life.  Accessing websites is slow.  I swapped to this phone from the Rumor Touch II and I would often revert back just so I could have phone service.  Granted, I have a lot of apps running, but they are apps I use to keep the Intercept from locking up even more.  I downloaded "Angry Birds" for my nephews to play, but it took up so much memory, I had to delete it.  I bought a Plantronics Bluetooth for the Rumor Touch and it was great... BUT it did not work with the Intercept.  I've heard a lot, both pro & con, about the Motorola Triumph on Virgin Mobile's network, and just purchased that.  I hope it works a lot better than the Samsung Intercept.  Plus work with the Plantronics Bluetooth I bought.  Again...  to me, the Samsung Intercept was a major disappointment to me.  BUT...  this is just my opinion.  You may like it, and this phone is nice.. when it works.. It just locks up on me and resets to many times for my liking.

If you are looking for a cheap touch screen phone and you have heard about this you probably think like i did; "What a great deal for newer technology" An android powered touch screen nice looking phone, through virgin mobile its unbielivably cheap at only $40/month for 1200 minutes and unlimited messaging and internet. I hsould have know they would have to make their money somehow... Android is one of the best sought after technology out there right now, and i dont deny that its great. I also have used it on tablets.Unfortunatly on this phone its like putting a top of the line car part in a vehicle that in every other way is on its last leg. You just cant gett he full potential of that great part. The touch screen is sometimes too sensitive and at other times i cant barel get it to recognize what im trying to do. The phone freezes randomly. After i charge it (which i need to do under 24 hours with all setting set at low and everything turned off) i have to restart the phone  otherwise it will not look for a signal for some reason. Alot of the apps you can get from android cant be supported by this phone; alot of the background apps, most games such as angry birds and so on. For some reason i think the signal bars are just there for fun because i can sometimes get messages out with no signal but for a week straight all calls would go to voicemail and i had to send messaged at least 8 times before they would go through when it would say id have between half and full signal bars. Ive had this phone for a month and in that time its relayed 2 facebook notifications to me out of at least 50 if not more.Virgin mobile does have a 30 day return policy. KEEP YOUR RECEIPT. When you buy, ask the seller how they handle the return policy. I knew within the 1st week that i couldnt live with this phone and keep from smashing it out of frustration, i couldnt find my reciept anywhere though. Needless to say this phone has been listed on craiglist.

Seems pretty good when you first get it, but eventually becomes practically unusable. It's slow even when it works, has very poor battery life, and sometimes won't work at all.

I got this phone as a graduation gift from my parents. It was my first android phone and I was really excited to get it. This thing has been a tragic disappointment within even days of opening the box. It often freezes up and requires that you pull the battery to restart. Many times the touch screen is unresponsive. Now and then it will "phantom buzz" and vibrate for no good reason at all several times. It often restarts itself. It's nearly impossible to make a phone call because the touch screen is so non-responsive. Virgin Mobile is a great provider, but this is not a phone they should offer. The phone is not capable of running an android OS smoothly. I'll be buying a new phone as soon as I can afford it.

This is a terrible phone.  I've had it for 9 months and I just got new phones from Sprint.  It is slow to turn on, slow to run, and crashes frequently.  You can never rely on this phone.  It even takes a while for text messages to be sent.While Virgin Mobile's plans are really, really cheap -- the cons of their phones outweigh the benefits of the cost savings.  A cheap plan doesn't do you any good if you can't even use the service.

You want a budget Android with a keyboard...on a budget?  Phone's fine.But, I was conflicted about this phone from the get go.  I wanted to upgrade from myLG  Rumor Touch Prepaid Phone (Virgin Mobile)to an Android.  I won't say I regretted it, but I always missed the more solid feel of the LG, despite it not being Android.My irritation has more to do with Samsung's functionality, not reliability.  It seems to take an eternity to boot up.  As some have written, too, the screen is not the most responsive which is a real PITA with maps or news.  Battery life is about what I expected running Android.  However, keyboard is fine, particularly the row of dedicated number keys.  You could do worse.For a budget phone on a budget plan, it's a good starter phone.(When the price came down on theLG Optimus Slider Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile), I jumped.  For the more solid LG feel, responsive screen and 2.3, glad I did...but that's another review).

This is by far the absolute WORST phone I have EVER owned!!!!  If I could give it lower then one star, I would.  Here are some of the problems:1) The phone ALWAYS locks up; there are many times when I press a hard button or an icon and the phone does not respond at all to my key press.  I literally need to remove the battery and reboot the phone to use it again.2) When I receive an incoming call, it is often the case that I can not answer the call.  The phone will vibrate, but it will not respond to my key presses to answer the call.  I need to either reboot my phone by removing the battery, or wait about 5 minutes for my phone to respond to key presses.3) When I first power up the phone, it takes almost 15 minutes to get to the home screen.4) The reponse time to the unlock pattern is so slow that it takes me about 3 tries to enter my pattern; other times it misses the buttons, or doesn't register the press at all.These are just some of the poor performance issues of this phone.  I can not believe that Samsung would actually release such a poor product.  I am obviously not alone; many of the reviews about this phone state similar performance problems.I will NEVER buy another Samsung phone after this.Additionally, the SPRINT representative are no help, claiming that I installed too many applications on my phone.  This is false, since I am barely able to use my phone for anything, and therefore have almost no applications installed.  I designed embedded electronics and write firmware for a living, so I know when they are giving me the run-around.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!

This has to be the worse phone ever made! Virgin Mobile even sent me a brand new phone, but it was no better. Constant freezes, slow, slow, slow, poor screen resolution, non-responsive touch-screen, should I go on? After my experience with the Intercept, I will never own another Samsung phone again. The newer ones seem very nice, but I'm afraid to take a chance on another lemon. I'm going to the Motorola Triumph. I must say that the Virgin Mobile service, at least for me in my area, has been very good. The value simply cannot be beaten.

Virgin is fine - I'm reviewing the phone, not the carrier. I really think most people young enough to be able to read the text on the Intercept's tiny little screen would be happier without this phone. I would bet dollars to doughnuts you'd prefer a feature phone that works well or a used real smartphone.I have a pre-order in for the Motorola Triumph just so I can whip my Samsung Intercept against a brick wall as soon as possible. Ha! Just kidding - I'm too poor for that. Otherwise I wouldn't have an Intercept. Running Froyo on this clunker is like running Zelda on one of those old school TI graphing calculators. It's kind of neat that it can be done, but it ain't all that.

The Intercept does the job for a basic smart phone.  Virgin's 3G/Internet service is the weak link.  Inconsistent and slow.  As of late, more error messages saying "data connection error" which means no service.  If you need a reliable internet connection to your phone, look elsewhere.  I am.

For those who don't want a contract or incredibly high bill, but still want a stylish phone with all the modern features, this is a great phone for that. My T-mobile bill keeps getting higher and higher, and someone told me V.M finally had plans that included unlimited internet. Well guess what, all of there plans alos include unlimited texting. And the internet on this phone is the real internet. Not a modified mobile version. An explorere is clearly there, where you can type whatever site you want. You don't have some mobile browser where you have to tabe to a blank field, or go to pre designated icons. Opera mobile is also available. There are a few pre set apps that leads to sites, but you can also type the site and get the full version. You can do everything on Facebook from this phone, as you can on a laptop, not just change you status and upload a photo. I can go to Wells Fargo's ral website, not just WF mobile. The internet is faster than that on my Windows Mobile smartphone, and wifi is just an added bonus. One of the best features is Google Maps. There is a real navigator at that site, which is free unlike T-mobile's Telenav, or the regular Google maps which has GPS, but doesn't navigate. Actually, the newer Virgin phones are great. The LG Rumor Touch is also sufficient, but ths phone's internet is better, and the navigation feature on Google maps is a great bonus that shows pictures of your destination like google maps does on he computer. Text messaging is clear and un-complicated, yet you can just touch a message or picture, and instantly copy or forward its contents like you can on the Motorota Cliq, without accidently dragging it to the wrong site or message. The camera is clear, conscise, and easy to use. The music player works like an mp3 player, not just a phone that plays music. I love the fact that there is a 3.5 jack in addition to the charging port, so you can do 2 thinks at one time. There is an Andoid app store with lots of free apps, and Best Buy sells accesories for the phone (look for Sprint's Intercept accesories). And, the phone can be tethered to use on your laptop, which was the only reason why I kept buying Windows Mobile phones (you cannot tether Virgin's Blackberry, like you can the blackberry on contact phones. There may be a way to root it, but not by just plugging in the cord and sharing). The bummer is you have to download the tethering sofware of the phone and the laptop (as opposed to just going to internet sharing in the programs), but it is very easy and quik, and it doesn't appear that you are changing the dynamics of the phone. The only thing that I personally do not care for is the keyboard. The keys are flat and not raised, or clearly  seperated, which means you have to sort of look down at the keys when texting, as opposed to just feeling them. For instance, the whole qwerty is smooth, like the keypad of a dell or hp netbook. I like more defined keys. The LG rumor touch2 has an excellent keyboard and is $100 cheaper. My husband got that when he switched from Metro, and I swictched to this one from T-mobile. If you don't need wi-fi or tethering, The Runor Touch2is great. If you wanna look and feel like you have a smart phone, this phone is great. It cost $250 at Best Buy, and has been on sale lately for $200 at Radio Shack. The calender is great and links up all of your appointments. And the monthly price. $60 gives you unlimited everything without having to get a "Ghettro". The also nhave 2 cheaper plans, $40/1200 minutes, and $25/300 minutres. Gotta love it.

It was a mistake to select this phone.  Locks up often and has delayed responses to buttons.  I regularly get "battery disconnected" message requiring the battery to be taken out and reinserted. I placed a "skin" on the phone which made operation even worse.  I should have returned it.

This is the 2nd VM Intercept for our family. It's not the fastest phone, and the Sprint network isn't the fastest, but for just over $100 for the phone, and $25 (now $35) a month, it's a good deal.

I had never had buyer's remorse the second day after I've bought something, but the Intercept broke that string. I told myself it was new to me and I'd get the hang of it. When I got the hang of it, I disliked it even more!The phone crashes about every other day, shuts itself off when it has a full battery, and runs all kinds of things in the background that hog the RAM, causing it to run as slow as a 486 on dialup. Before writing this I used the task master to shut them down and it said it closed 13 programs!I do like the Querty keyboard, and the display is bright and clear. I also like that it syncs with my MacBook's Address book and has a nice music player. But the negatives, which are so numerous I won't try to list all of them, far outweigh the meager positives.It's my first smartphone, and I wanted to like it, but I hate it -- and I'm stuck with it.Protect yourself -- don't make the same mistake!

While this phone may be regarded as an entry-level smart phone I like this phone alot.  Been using it about a week and have some great apps installed.  Using an unlimited plan from virgin I am streaming music to my phone 12 hours a day using both Pandora and Audio Galaxy.Reception is great and my friends have noted increased clarity of my voice over my previous phone.  Don't use the camera much but it takes pictures and they look pretty good.My email is flawless and the facebook and twitter apps work great as well.I have no complaints.  This is my first touch screen phone and I can't see any reason I would need a more expensive phone.  This does everything I could need and does it well.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned in all of time. Do not purchase this device. If you hate someone then maybe purchase this phone as an evil gift for them so that they will be tortured. Avoid at all cost.

I've had this phone for almost a year now and thought it was great at first. It was my first Android phone and was excited to use it. After about 2-3 months, I noticed problems.The phone will shut off on its own at random. The icons on the home screen often take 5-10 seconds to show up. When I try to turn the phone on manually it will take 3-4 attempts for it to finally work, taking about 4 minutes each time. Any games I have attempted to play either take too long or freeze up the whole phone causing me to restart it.The texting is a nightmare and not because I'm out of signal. The phone will notify me that the message didn't send and it really did. Sometimes I'll look back and think "Why won't someone text me back?" and the message I sent will still say "sending...".Overall, I wouldn't recommend this phone. Spend the extra money and get a better one.However, I do love Virgin Mobile. You really can't beat the cost of the plans and it has fairly good service.

this is the slowest android phone i have ever had. it starts over for no reason , bad graphics, junk. i am warning you to not buy

My daughter loves the phone, but the phone APP's quickly use up the storage.  Need to find out if the phone can use a bigger SD card to store pictures and video's.

After more than a year and a half as a very happy Boost Mobile customer, I switched to sister company Virgin Mobile solely because I wanted an Android phone with a full QWERTY keyboard and this phone was less than half the price of the Samsung Transform Ultra on Boost. With just over a month of use, I now know why the Intercept is so inexpensive...it sucks. It feels bulky and a little cheap but even worse is how poor it performs. The screen resolution is very low, making the on screen keyboard virtually useless, especially in portrait mode. It also makes the tiny screen seem even smaller than it is thanks to icons and images that are muddy and pixilated. Colors are also washed out and lifeless. If you think youll be playing games or watching video on this phone, think again. The screen does do one thing very well...attract fingerprints and debris. While all touchscreens are prone to fingerprints, for some reason the Intercept gets really dirty really fast. Because the on screen keyboard is such a poor performer, the slide out QWERTY must be used for almost all SMS and email activity. The keys are responsive and the backlighting is crisp and bright. The tiny space bar is annoying (shoved between the B and V keys) and the spacing might cause more than a few fat finger typos if you are used to typing fast.  Also irritating is the color palette chosen for the keys. Just about every key shares both a standard letter or number in white and a second FN option in flat yellow. When the backlight is off, the yellow chosen for the FN keys is so dull, they can be hard to distinguish. With the back lighting on, the yellow and white colors are almost too close in tone, making the whole keyboard look jumbled and messy. The slider is fine but it is a bit loose and jiggly...not a good thing for long term viability. Still, the QWERTY keyboard isn't the dealbreaker here. What I could not get used to is the absolutely horrendous responsiveness of the touch screen and the sluggish processor speed. Delays of five to fifteen seconds were the norm for even the most basic of functions...like calling up your contact list, phone dialer or email. If you need to make a call fast or in an emergency, delays like this could be very bad indeed. I ended up removing all but a few of my must have apps and saw little if any improvement. The phone would freeze, reboot for no reason and even perform poorly when using a fast wi fi connection from my cable provider. The camera is medicore and there is no flash. While I had great call quality and liked the Virgin Mobile online account interface, Boost offers a much more streamlined account management experience and a simple, painless payment process. The "top up" procedure with Virgin is clunky, confusing and took way too much time to set up. So, reluctantly, I'm returning this clunker to Amazon and buying the Boost Mobile Transform Ultra, the phone I now know I should have gotten in the first place. One note...this is yet another HUGE advantage of not being tied to a contract. Not only are there no activation fees with Boost and Virgin and killer unlimited everything plans for only $55/month, you can easily pop back and forth between the services (either out of necessity, like my scenario here, or just because you feel like it) and if you dn't like your phone you simply return it and get a different one...rather than getting stuck with a hunk of junk you hate for two years with the likes of Verizon or AT&T.

We had some issues with the operation of the phones but it could be remedied by simply exchanging for new ones.  The solution was simple but the seller declined to take the items back because they said, "The box had been opened". I don't know HOW anyone could test the phones to see if they work or not without "opening the box".  Apparently, customer satisfaction is NOT guaranteed.  The seller does not appear to wish to stand behind their products.Fortunately, we did get insurance on the phones through the carrier "Virgin Mobile" and they said they would replace the phones at no additional cost.  So if you choose this phone, be sure to get the "insurance" for these phones as there is no other way to replace or exchange the phone, let alone get your money back.

Wow! I couldn't believe I could get such a powerful phone at such a good price. It seemed to good to be true, and it was.I'm not going to get into the details of why this phone sucks. It just does. I had them send me a new phone, and it sucked too.Buy another phone. End of story.

This is a great GREAT deal, ive been using it now for 3 months and everything is just amazing. Very nice phone, not too heavy or wide, its running on Android 2.1,  the 2.2 Update is not live on Virgin Mobile yet, but they say it will be. Who knows really, im satisfied already. There is a great case for it too, called the "body glove".

This phone is very unreliable.  It is now dead, and I'm on Amazon looking for another phone.  This phone did what I wanted it to do about 15% of the time towards the end.  (I had it about 6 months.)  Things took FOREVER, and it was so aggravating I opted to wait till I got home to the laptop to check stuff online.  Also, the screen had a mind of it's own, often arriving on screens I had no intention of viewing, nor if needed, could I ever navigate to those screens on purpose.  The phone was the opposite of intuitive.  The words suck and hate come to mind, but I'll leave it as I STRONGLY dislike this phone.

Samsung and Virgin should be ashamed to sell this phone. I'm not normally the type to write quick reviews, but if you found yourself in an emergency with this phone you would literally be screwed.  Need to make a phone call?  The screen lags when you're turning the screen back on.  Want to listen to music?  Not if the battery falls below 15%.  Want to surf the web? Whoops, your phone is randomly crashing.  Calling this product a smart phone is equivalent to calling my graphing calculator a high powered computer.  It should be a scandal that these units were never recalled.

I decided to step up the technology and trade in my Kyocera Loft for this Samsung.  Yes, I am glad I did!  Thrilled, to be more concise.  This phone delivers everything I would expect for a smartphone.  It has a good battery life.  It is easy to use.  It has access to thousands of apps from the Android market.  I have no problem visiting websites, playing games, playing music, taking pics and video or texting with this phone.  I use Virgin Mobile and for $40 a month and no contract I get 1200 minutes and unlimited data & text.  The only thing I didn't like was no user guide in the package--you must go to the VM website and download or view the owner's manual there.

This phone is a solidly performing Android 2.1 phone. It is comparable to the first generation mainstream Android Phones, such as the Motorola Droid, HTC Nexus One, and others. It does not perform as well as the cutting edge Android 2.2 phones like the Droid X, Droid 2, Samsung Galaxy, etcetera.The key to this phone is that you get all the features that you really need for $250 upfront, $25 a month, and no contract. Assuming you use this phone for more than about 8 months, you will save a ton of money over a contract phone. At $25 for unlimited data, unlimited text, and 300 minutes of voice you will save about $75 a month for every month that you use this phone instead of a contract phone.I strongly recommend this phone, or any of Virgin Mobile's others that are on their Beyond Talk or Broadband Unlimited plans. Check out the details of their plan on their website.---- update May 6th, 2011 -------We received the update to Android 2.2 last month on both our Intercepts and are now very impressed with this phone. All the quirks that existed previously are gone. The phone is flawless for us, and I now highly recommend it.----- June 18th, 2011 Update -----This phone is still very good, and a great value. Sprint (Virgin's Parent Company) announced last week that the Motorola Triumph would be coming to Virgin Mobile on the Beyond Talk plans. This looks to be a great phone, that is similar to the first generation Motorola Droid, but without a keyboard. I would still recommend the Intercept for users who want a keyboard, but if you are looking for an Android phone with a 4.1" screen and no keyboard, you might want to wait and see what the pricing and availability is on the Motorola Triumph.

I bought this phone against my better judgement cause I wanted a touch screen slider with Android. Nothing but problems...the biggest one being it has crappy RAM and if you don't constantly close tasks the phone literally shuts down. No storage space internally. VERY LAGGY! The need to upgrade the OS to 2.3 BADLY! Overall good if you don't mind being aggravated by it every 5 seconds. Otherwise I DON'T recommend.

I am really curious to find out what the owners of this phone think of it after few months of ownership. A lot of them seem to have pumped up the phone with a five star rating. I might have done that too if I was the kind that did ratings when plum in the centre of euphoria. An Android on a $25 unlimited web/talk plan was certainly cause for unbounded joy. Four months have gone by and while I do not regret the Virgin Mobile service so far (cut my phone bill by half), the phone, on the other hand, is aging fast. If you are switching to Virgin Mobile you are a value oriented/budget conscious buyer. Be advised, buying this phone for anything more than $100 won't balance your budget well in the long term. This is not a phone you want to hang on to for more than an year in my opinion.(I accidently ended up posting the below on the Intercept for Sprint forum, so I am borrowing it.)1. Be warned, first, that making phone calls on this phone can be a pain. Often requires multiple steps involving imprecise tapping and/or scrolling to get to where you need to be. The voice dialer is no great shakes.2. Between the apps you buy and the bloat/crapware that comes with the phone you end up with too many battery killing apps in the background. I mean you have junk like Amazon MP3 app that you can't remove without rooting the phone! It just bugs me.3. The battery life is deteriorating fast. And the kind of things the OS does to preserve battery life really suck. Most of them involve dimming and sleeping too quickly. You can adjust this through a system setting though...4. I have also come to dislike the Android OS. The engineers who gave us Google search could not have been the ones who built this dud. Scrolling and tapping are painfully off. Too insensitive or too sensitive. I keep knocking the tiles from the main screen into the side screens or the pull up screen. Swiping from one screen to another is a pain. Using the on-screen keyboard - just forget it. The notification shutter will often time freeze. Also the grid interface is really getting to me. There's no organization whatsoever.5. Email attachments get dropped frequently. This might be a service problem.6. The slide out keyboard is both a boon and a bane. I don't know where I would be without it. On the other hand, using it is an intense exercise...On the plus side,You are in the smartphone world and it is better to be there. The wifi option/gps navigator/productivity aspect, say, when you are in a store and looking for info is great. I am texting more and happy to be doing that. Consider another phone/OS though. If you need to be on Virgin Mobile, buy the cheaper phone or wait for next generation.

this is the slowest, crappiest phone i've ever had and it happened to be the most expensive too. i wouldnt pay $10 for this phone. beware.

Would not buy this phone period, there is no need to know why. I paid over $200.00 for this. It's slow, laggy, and doesn't work half the time.

Well i got my Samsung Intercept a week ago used, This is my first android phone (but not device)! The first thing I did when i started it up was I updated it... took forever just to get to the update option... android 2.1 is so slow! Once it updated the device did everything i needed it to and then some.Pros: (was)The best android phone from virgin mobile, 3.2 mp camera, Full qwerty key pad is nice to have. Android 2.2 support! Unlimited Internet (well, that's what they advertise anyways) is nice... i'm sure, like most carriers its probably throttled at 2gb or something.. the 700mhz cpu makes me glad I got this one and the the LG Optimums V (something like 500mhz)!Cons: Isn't the best VM android phone anymore... interesting concept while I was waiting for the phone to be delivered, Virgin Mobile added the Motorola Triumph to their line of phones... and added $10 a month to the service.... luckily I think I still am grandfathered into the $25 a month. Being new to android phones I noticed it doesn't have 200mb of usable internal storage... and the 2gb micro SD card is filling fastOver All it seems to be a good upgrade from the LG Rumor Touch, I am gonna have to pick up a 4gb or 8gb micro SD card somewhere though...

I purchased this phone because of Virgin Mobile's low data charges.  I have struggled with this phone since the day I purchased it with recieving picture messages and running apps.  It seems to be getting worse and freezes up almost daily.  I contacted Amazon and they will not accept a return since it is out of their return window.  They suggest I contact Samsung for warranty service.  Very disappointed on Amazon for selling such a low quality product.  Wish I would have gone with the LG my husband has.  His has worked great from day one.

This phone has an very limited amount of App usable RAM.Slow, glitchy, and will lock up and reboot itself.If you do NOT load any additional Apps, turn off bluetoothand wifi, and not press too many icons too fast it is ok.... for awhile.would not recommend

The only good thing I can say about this phone is that I liked the actual keyboard versus the touchscreen keyboard. After that...it's all downhill. The phone froze constantly from the get go, and the touch screen is nowhere near as responsive as I felt that it should have been. I've only had it maybe...a week and a half. I was switching from the LG Optimus V and I figured this was a decently priced phone. Apparently you get what you pay for. I figured it would have been a better phone because when the two phones first came out, the Samsung Intercept was actually the more expensive phone. Needless to say, I switched back to my old phone. DO NOT BUY this. You will be disappointed.

Great phn works good i bought this phn. For my son works great for him. He has no problems with the phone

This phone does not have enough memory or processor speed to do much of anything. It is too slow to even answer calls some of the time.

what is there to say? phone sucks!!! please spend ur money on a better phone, if u wanna be cheap like me then buy this phone but be prepared for problems...spend a lil more cash and get sumthing thats not gonna drive u crazy. all phones has its problems but this phone...has them all!!! trust me spend ur money on another phone even if it's a flip phone...it will give u less problems then the samsung intercept!!! god speed

DON'T BUY THESE PHONES!!!!!! So i bought this phone about a month ago and saved $30 from the original purchase price. I thought this was going to be great until I started having to reset my phone for freezing problems. Well literally a month after I bought this product it froze i went to restart the phone in hopes that it would do the trick and it didn't. My phone stopped working. It wouldn't turn on. I hadn't dropped the phone, or spilled anything on it. I took really good care of this phone but it broke anyways. I think the person who is selling these phones is buying the possibly damaged or damaged phones and selling them on here to make a profit on these pieces of s@!*. I was pissed. Lucky for me I have been with virgin mobile a long time and they replaced the phone. But I am warning you that the product you might buy might break within a month like mine. Be careful.Thanks

You really do get what you pay for.  I switched from T-Mobile, an expensive cell phone provider with good customer support, to Virgin and bought this phone in November.  The phone had its drawbacks.  It took forever to start up (for some reason this isn't true with the third refurb phone Virgin has sent me, but I'll get to that).  Its battery power was poor (I bought an extra battery to get me through the day).  Its audio quality was sketchy.  Its screen was skinny and hard to read.  But it was a basic Android phone and did more or less the bare minimum of what it was supposed to do.  Internet service mostly worked, but there were problems now and then, particularly when I was in LA.Then in early March, the physical keyboard started to act up. The phone was under warranty so I sent Virgin an email.  Three and a half weeks later Virgin sent me a refurb replacement (yes, Virgin customer support is very slow).  The refurb couldn't do internet except through wifi.  I called Virgin about 4 times about this.  They had me do this, that and the other thing with the phone and kept telling me "wait four hours everything will work properly".  It never did work properly.  I was polite on the phone each time.  Then out of the blue, my phone service was disconnected and Virgin dropped my phone number completely.  They didn't know if they could get it back, but said they would try and gave me a temp number.  It took a week before they reinstated my phone number, which meant people who had my business card and tried to call were out of luck for a week.Virgin also sent me another new refurb phone.  Again I had the same absence of internet.  Again I kept calling customer service.  Again they had me do this, that and the other thing with the phone and kept telling me "wait four hours everything will work properly".  It didn't.  Finally, they sent me a third refurb phone and told me that this time they were sending me a "Class A refurb".  I asked them what they had sent me in the past.  The answer?  Class B.  They were sending me defective phones.Thirty two days after I received my first refurb  phone, I finally had a cell phone that worked completely.  I probably spent close to 10 hours total dealing with Virgin over that time.  They are a cell phone service from hell.  I'm selling my refurb Intercept (you want to buy it?) and going back to T-Mobile.You pay a ridiculously cheap monthly fee with Virgin.  You also get ridiculously bad service.  My recommendation, if you insist on using Virgin, is to buy a phone with the understanding that if it craps out, just walk away.  Virgin works until it...doesn't.  And when it doesn't work, they have no ability to fix your problem.

I've had this for 7 months on Virgin Mobile.The Cons: It can technically do most things an Android phone should be able to do, but the processor is so slow that most applications take a few minutes to load.  The screen is just a little bit too small to work with most things designed for touch screens.  It supports multi-touch, but once you have two fingers on the screen, there's little room to move them without going outside the touch-sensitive area.  If your battery goes below 15%, the slide-out keyboard won't light up, and the camera won't work.  Also, you can't disable the phone from playing a recording saying "Virgin Mobile" at your ringer volume whenever you power it down or the battery dies.The Pros: The phone is sturdy and has a bright display.  It has a removable battery, and extras are cheap.

First, I switched from T Mobile in 2011 when there was talk of them being consumed by A T&T. YUCK. I loved T Mobile, great customer service & I had very little reasons to ever call in for support.  I was paying around $70 a month for a non android plan and I had the Motorola Zn5 which took unbelievably good photos with the onboard Kodak camera. But I was too far behind in technology to stay in that phone profile. So, I get the prepaid bug around the same time I get the need the android in my life bug and take a leap of faith after weeks or researching the Intercept.  In my quest for anonymity, I picked up the Intercept lightly used from Amazon and got the $35 Virgin Mobile plan.  One less recycling entity on my credit report, a cool phone, and CHEAP!  In the beginning, The phone was as responsive as I needed it to be.  I'm a heavy texter, pic taker, file storer, and music player.  I don't bank, tag, 4square, or map from my phone.  Don't want to. So at a year into ownership, it's gotten sooo slow on even the non internet functions.  Most of time I can't get the phone to power on or charge without an error, when it rings the screen will freeze and I can't even answer the call let alone trying to use turn by turn navigation.  And it did not come on slowly.  One day we were good....the next we were very bad.  So I would say, the intercept is a good 1st phone in your foray of Android devices. It's a strong contender for a beginner who does not use the phone for much more than talking, texting, or checking email.  Not an option for Twitz, FBers, YouTubers, etc who rely on the utilities of the device beyond talking and texting.

This phone is great until you download apps on to it. I've had it for about 6 months and it crashes all the time. glitches really bad, dies when I get a phone call and has other issues. don't waste your money, or sanity on this phone.

This phone was tough but always froze up. Navagation/ google maps are unresponsive. I would not buy this phone again.

My older phone was not working well. When I was shopping for a new phone, and I found the Samsung Intercept in Amazon, I was able to read all the information I needed before I purchased my phone. I received my phone a day earlier from the estimated arrival. I am very happy with the service I received from the vendor. I love my Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept Android phone! It is like having a computer in the palm of my hands. It is very user friendly. I can access all my favorite websites and do so much with it. I can download thousands of applications that make my phone even better. I'm in love with my phone!

I have owned 3 of these phones. Warranteed each time.This is a standard running andriod phone.It has two issues to work around.It is Quite Warm against your head!!! Sprint Tech centers have told my I'm Not the only one noticing this.It must have lots of emf fields. So I always use a ear piece. I never hand hold it. But have no problems at all when using an old fashioned ear wire. Works great for that. Second issue is the ear wire jack tends to fail. So back to issue one use a blue tooth set up and it should run fine.Other than that the phones all have run well. Very good otherwise.[update.... Left Sprint!I would advise against using Sprint or any of the other giant carriers. They are not fair in many ways and the contract fine print was very different than the salesman told me. As I was ending my service they tacked on hundreds of dollars of charges with things that were never charged extra before. Like they suddenly rewrote the terms and minute use? Have been with Straight Talk now and they have generally been fine. ]

I got this product in March, and was fairly pleased with it. Then I updated all the preinstalled apps, and it lagged a ton, so I uninstalled all updates, and didn't have any aftermarket apps on there. About a month ago, I was texting someone, and my phone ran out of space randomly to receive texts. I did some looking and find that it updated everything again. It took me two days to restore my phone to working status. This morning I woke up, and my phone was lagging horribly. I looked at the storage settings again and it had updated all of my apps last night without me telling it to.Another problem with the phone is it is not uncommon for it to take upwards of 10 minutes to receive text messages, 6 hours for picture messages. It also freezes up about 20 times a day, and crashes and reboots 5 times.

In short, this phone is too slow to run Android. You will get 5 frames a second on Angry Birds, so don't even thing about it. Texting is an adventure, and you will miss phone calls simply because the phone is too slow to recognize that you trying to answer.The phone does play music, and has the feature of playing your favorite music via the speakerphone. If for any reason you need to pause your music or turn it down in a hurry, expect it to take 10 seconds.Now, for honesty I must add that an application manager/killer I installed did make the phone bearable, but Angry Birds was still never possible above 10 fps. Mind you, you have to kill backgroud processes every 2-3 minutes, and chances are a phone call will come when you have forgotten to kill processes.On a positive note, this phone has taken every angry beating from me like a champ. I honestly expected it to break with how many times I threw it across the room because a potential employer would call and I would watch the phone ring to voicemail, unable to answer.--Moral of the story, if you want an Android phone, go BIG or go flip phone!--
