
My only complaint is all the preinstalled junk that Samsung lards their phones with.  The only apps you can get rid of are ones you install yourself.  Beyond that, it's great.  I bought it for $100+ less than T-Mobile tried to sell me the Galaxy Light for and virtually the only differences I've found are that the Ace is sold in UK and the Light is sold in the US.  Great buy, great phone.

Very sleek look but terrible memory and battery life. I have to charge my phone twice a day! The internal memory sucks. I downloaded a few Apps and it was full. The camera is Ok but I have not yet figured out how to zoom, hopefully it can do this. For $160, it does a decent job.

I'm still in love with this mobile from Samsung!! It is still a perfect mobile phone, and I just intend to replace it for another Samsung!I do recommend it!

I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!Adquir&iacute; este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pas&eacute; de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tama&ntilde;o del telefono sin ser peque&ntilde;o, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Costa Rica). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempe&ntilde;o medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!

I bought this phone 25 five days ago. It looked a good phone at the beginning, everything worked as expected. The only drawback at the time was the battery life. You have to be charging the phone every single day. Then suddenly the phone started to make a weird thing. It detected like if I were plugging in the charger cable showing the battery icon in the top right as if the phone were charging then 3 seconds later the phone said the cable was disconnected. Weird! At the first day of this weird behavior the phone did it like two times at the day. But then next day it went crazy, it had the same behavior but now the phone displayed it was plugged to the charger and then 1 second later it was not and it did it until I turn it off. I tried by removing the battery and give it the phone a rest like 15 minutes, then I put the battery back and turned it on again. It looked like the issue went away but one hour later guess what. It started again. So GOOD BYE, nice to meet you worst phone ever. I am returning it to Amazon. Although it was fulfilled by amazon the phone was sold by a third party, so check that first.

Positive side:- I ordered the phone on January 21 in the evening. And, I received it in Florida today January 24. The estimated delivery time was between Tuesday, January 28, 2014 and Wednesday, February 12. So, this was a good surprise.- The phone looks OK. I still need to test its proper functioning over a long period. But, all looks fine to me so far.Negative side:- The instructions book cover is in French. However, because I speak and read French, this was of no problem to me.- But, the instructions are in German - no French and no English. And, I don't speak nor write German. I downloaded the instructions from the Web. This German instructions booklet with a French cover is odd. I would like to make sense out of it.- I found no list of the parts included in the package. There may be some parts missing, but I wouldn't know it. An exhaustive list is only standard for any phone.- One of the plastic wraps containing small parts was visibly torn open. There may have been some tampering and some parts missing. How do I know?- I was expecting a 2 GB SD card included as described on the gsmarena dot com website. Their description concerns the US market. There is none. So, It may be missing, but I wouldn't know since there is no list of the included parts. Samsung typically includes a small SD memory. Anyhow, this does not appear to be a phone initially destined for the US region. Features may be lesser.- I didn't find a clear mention of the seller's company whereabouts in the package.- I find no mention of the warranty, and no warranty card as is to be expected with a Samsung phone.- A flyer was included in the package. It mentions: "Leave a positive feedback within 7 days of delivery to extend your warranty to 45 days". I don't buy into that. I realize that I was influenced in my choice of vendor by the positive reviews. This may explain that.Conclusion:It's too early to jump to a conclusion. But, I find these unprofessional practices not reassuring. I have doubts as to whether my phone is a legit unlocked new phone and not a refurbished one or a manufacturer's defective series. The instruction manual in German with a French cover is a good indication it is. This should be mentioned in the Amazon product description.

Got this phone to replace an Old Nokia XM 5800.This is a great phone,Good call Quality,Internet is fast enough.It`s very attractive e solid in the hands.Android os is very good too, Lots of Apps.Little disappointed with music features, But get some good app(Double twist in my case)and you`re ready to go.I`m Happy with this phone.Buy it , If you want a very Good Phone With a Fair Price.

this is my first android phone. excellent to my needs. im learning about it but i think its awsome :)

This phone is a complete smartphone in all senses: High speed 3G Internet, a good camera, Word, Excel, PP & Acrobat compatible management software, 32 GB SD Card capacity, etc. at a VERY convenient price. Gorilla glass & reliable construction seems to be capable to withstand accidental falls & more. Enough RAM memory for normal use.I'm very pleased with this phone. Only complaint: Video recording performance should be better.

this is the worst phone ,i wont recommend anyone to buy ,the main reason is it does not have reliability and stops working so off suddenly or it stops receiving or responding to calls unless you start the phone again. so bogus product from samsung!!

This is really great phone for the price. Internet works great and really fast, everything is awesome. I'll recommend this phone. BUY GALAXY ACE!!

all good I feel awsome whit it, the phone came perfect and work is well, expectation achieve, I recommen that

The Samsung Galaxy ACE is a pretty nice phone, good size (about the same size as iPod touch), and its fluid when moving between homescreens, internet is fast (again about the same as ipod) works great with my carrier(at&t;) and i can even use my ACE without a forced data plan! yep thats right you can use this phone with just wifi and att wont even know! The battery life is mildly good, it lasts about a day with heavy use. The camera is pretty good, a little pixally but overall ok. Also, the GPS works awesome when outside.there is one problem with this handseat. The internal memory (or ROM not RAM) is only like 200mb! That is way too small! After around five apps being installed your memory is too low and you recieve an error message as well as a messages that says you cant recieve texts. I find this a major problem espeially for a smart phone! To resolve this issue i had to root my phone and install LinkToSD which works pretty well, however even with all of my apps on my sd card the phone still stores the apps data on the device causing, again, an internal memory issue. After a while you learn to live with it, and you might even get away with partitioning your SD card, that may fix it.

I've had this mobile for over 8 months now and I have been meaning to write a review on it.It does everything you want it to do, its reliable, has a good battery life. I haven't encountered any problems with it yet.I use the internet, send emails, call and sms and have a few different apps running at the same time and it still runs smoothly.I can't really find any fault with this mobile

Bought it for a friend and she loving it. Compared to the phone she had before this one surpassed expectation. For the price and the features it have....can't complain!

Ok. here goes.  I really wanted to like my new phone.  Since I got this phone I noticed a few quirks about it but thought maybe it was just a one off thing.however these quirky things progressed to annoyance.  The phone is slow to respond to commands.  I do not have too many downloads on it as I thought those might slow it down.  I have a memory card that came with the phone and for some reason the phone goes blank when i use the usb cord to upload pictures. sometimes while trying to initiate a function, the screen goes blank/black. dialing is another problem. in the middle of dialing the screen jumps to the home screen or it just sticks on one number and the others become unresponsive. Another problem is it gets super super hot. even when not in use.  My daughter told me maybe my battery is swollen so I purchased a new one.  SAME PROBLEM  Also the battery life is very low. during the course of the day with no special activities taking place on the phone by about four p.m the battery is dead. With the new one, it has improved a bit but still have to charge it nightly.  Note I do not have internet to this phone so the only usage is to send and receive calls and texts.  no music etc. nada! Basic usage.  so after four months.  Not impressed.Another thing I forgot to add is that it keeps saying internal phone memory almost full when I have next to nothing saved on the phone!!!  Like I said before, I use it as a BASIC phone. I deleted all incoming/outgoing calls and messages, cleared the cache of the few (facebook and gmail) apps i have and still it says internal memory almost full and messages are not being received.  stresssss!

For being on the budget that I am on and getting in the world of texting more strictly for my job and the data it holds it works great.

I've been using the phone for two weeks, until now everithing is ok. The phone is easy to use, intuitive and fast.You can find lots of apps for everithing, and they work fine.The only things that i don't like are the battery and the lack of an included micro sd card. I have to charge the phone twice a day if i use normally on internet and etc.. I hoped that for the price the phone include a micro sd but it doesn't.So i recomend the phone, it will do almost everithing that you need. Don't waste your money on expensive phones just for the brand.

Good phone for new android users. The phone was not for me, so i can't say anything more. ! !

It's out of date product, not worth purchasing it at all. I'd rather to add some money to purchase a better cellphone. It always tell me that it runs out of the space, I have to remove the apps and then install the new one. But I do have enough space on the SD card. I think it should be the limitation of the RAM. Don't recommend.

I bought this cell for an aunt and after fire it up, all the Google apps ask for update and suddenly out of space. Its a good phone, but needed to be rooted ASAP and move the apps to the micro sd. Since i wasn't there i couldn't do that and now my aunt is having a really bad experience with it. If you are an advance user, after root i guess will do better.It's not a powerful phone but to check email, some Facebook its good. When i lay my hands on this phone, and rooted it i will update this comment, but ETA for that... unknown

Very good phone,well build but with 3 problems1-Ram memory 272mb2-Battery (must be charged every day)3-800mhz procesor not fast enoughAfter upgrade to gingerbread(kies) looks better but same speedNetflix is very slow.

The size is just perfect and works great after the upgrade to gingerbread. this is not one of thoes samsungs defamed plasticky, cheap models, feels great in hand. battery life still is the problem

I needed a starter model to gift an elderly person wishing a touchscreen smartphone. It did the trick.The phone landed with a packaging that had a different model number on it. Had a spanish booklet on starter instruction and no pointers to a detailed user manual. Google indicated that only the UK sells this model. Wanted to return and buy elsewhere but was in a hurry to leave overseas and decided to take a chance.However, I couldnt find a menupath to some of the basic features like toggling to the address book while on a call, reduce / increase volume while on call etc .Suggest looking for better models out there.

I love My smarphone!Thank very much!!Its a very machine of smarphone and work very Good whith me chip claro s.a

This phone just have 3 (three) languages installed: english, french and chinese . I need this phone with the language in spanish.

3 months after I got the phone it stopped charging.  We waited for more than 2 weeks while it was "repaired" in Texas.  When the phone was returned it still wouldn't charge.  After a couple more calls a new charger and battery was sent to us.  With the new battery it started charging, but would drop phone calls a few minutes into a phone call.  Once again we had to send it to Texas for repair.  We received the phone this morning and it is missing the SIM card and the back cover.  They say they've lost the SIM card and I have to go buy a new one.  I've had to call half a dozen times to get things fixed and each time I get transferred to 2 or 3 different departments and it takes 30-60 minutes or more.  It's been over a month and I still don't have a working phone--and all this time I've been paying for service.  I like the phone when it works, but the Samsung support model is such a disaster that I will never purchase a Samsung product again.  When my iPhone failed I took it to the Apple store and they replaced it in less than half an hour.

Bought this phone a week ago in preparation for a move to Nicaragua. Very impressed so far. Bought SIM and 2$/day plan from T-mobile works great until my move. Then with $5 GroovIP download from app store, and google voice, I should be good to go anywhere there is wifi on the planet. Will pick up local SIM card in Nicaragua for when I am away from wifi. I will update this review as I progress.Oh, added 16 GB flash card. So far so good.***Update***The mobile phone market in Nicaragua takes a while to learn and navigate, but everything is working great with a prepaid Movistar SIM.

I bought this phone after reading good reviews on it. And while the phone itself preforms okay, I say okay because the in phone storage is inadequate and even with a SD card I can't down load many apps to my phone because the internal phone storage wont allow it. Someone said the battery life is good but I think it is poor, mine doesn't stay charged for more than a couple hours if me or my kids are playing games on it. I have since learned the reason that the storage is so low and the battery life is so poor is that it comes with many useless apps that you can not remove and that stay running in the background so they drain your battery power.I'm actually surprised this phone is even allowed on the market or has not been recalled, the power cord that comes with it is extremely dangerous. It is cheaply made and because it has to be converted from the European standard it has two different prongs hooked together. They don't stay together very well and are very cheaply made. It comes with two and both broke very quickly, my five year old got a very bad shock and there sparks and smoke appeared when she tried to unplug it one day. Half of it just stayed stuck in the outlet while the other half came out leaving bare metal sticking out to shock anyone who didn't know better like my daughter. I turned of the power and got it out. Luckily you can buy power cords at most stores as it is a common one, so if you do get this phone be sure to throw away the cords that come with it and go buy new ones that are made for US outlets.But the biggest problem is this. If something happens to your phone. And I just dropped mine and called Samsung support they will not help you. This phone is made in China and the US based Samsung is not affiliated with them. So they would not even answer any simple questions. So basically I have had my phone for 3 months and need it fixed probably a simple fix and there is nothing I can do about it. They did give me a number to the support in China but it is a international call like that is any help at all. Thanks a lot Samsung!!! Don't buy this phone, everyone I know that has a cell phone has something happen to it and needs help sometime. If you buy this phone you are on your own. Next time I am going to buy something local from Walmart or Bestbuy so that I know I can get US support.

el tel&eacute;fono es para mi mama y le gusto y esta aprendiendo a manejarlo su sistema es intuitivo le gustothe phone is for my mom and she likes me and is learning to manage your system is intuitive likes

easy to use hate the fact that alarm wont go off if the phone is powered down and internal memory should be more

No buy samsung ace very bad. In only two month no work half screen... Only solution is replace screen. Thanks

Love this, it has all the latest tech as any other smart phone, very sleek to the touch and fits perfectly in my palm.

Great phone for the price! Buy this phone only from this seller. It came with a short note about installation from the seller alongwith a 4 GB SD card with adapter and a white back cover as well! I wanted a white phone , so ordered it from a different seller. That phone looked used, the back cover didn't even fit and did not come with SD card, I am returning tht phone and re-ordering another one from this seller. If you plan to buy this phone, buy it only from this seller.If you are planning to buy this for seniors , I highly recommend the Big Launcher app .

My phone had broken recently, and I needed a phone urgently. This phone was a great price and the battery life of this phone is amazing it really last all day and believe me I do spent some time on Facebook and on Pintrest and my email.

Needed a phone as I just lost mine AT&T great hook up and I love the size and screen size

nice phone... good chose, i like this store its really secure i reccomend the store and the page nice sales and fast shippings

This phone works well internationally with GSM chips.  It made a great birthday gift, and the new owner has had no problems with this phone since I purchased it for them.  Infact I can not get them to put it down! The speed at which we can get on the internet is amazingly fast, and the phone is very light.  The downloading of apps is swift, easy and numerous.  The only thing this phone does not have is a flash light.

I ordered this cellular telephone because it was advertised as unlocked and I was traveling to Costa Rica.  To my surprise, when I arrived in Costa Rica, the telephone was locked.  I needed a cellular telephone so I did what I thought was my only option, pay to get the telephone unlocked.  I was charged $75.00 and I gladly paid it because it was very important to have a working telephone in a foreign country.  I contacted Blutekusa, the seller, and their response was that they had never heard of someone being charged $75.00 to unlock a cell phone.  I sent Blutekusa a copy of the invoice.  They were not willing to make me whole even though it was their fault I found myself without a working cell phone in a foreign country, the sole reason I bought the cell phone in the first place.  I can understand that a mistake was made, we, as humans are not perfect, but they know they made a mistake and they are not willing to accept responsibility.  Blutekusa offered to pay half of what I paid and I rejected their offer on principle.  I will never do business with Blutekusa again.

Great phone for people who want to try android for the first time or who are on a budget. Screen resolution despite being relatively low hardly shows this. Phone perfoms great once you dont go app crazy. Gorilla glass screen and solid construction make it a trustworthy phone to Gift. Sound quality and camera quality are great also. Note that a corrupted memory card will make this phone restart continually. Remove the memory card and restart if this is noticed. Dont jump to conclusions and return/dump the phone.

I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she has no complaints. The packaging was brand new and the shipping was on time. It has all the specifications that you could possibly want without being overly expensive.

For those who will buy this phone and will use it outside US, don't forget to check out the 3G band frequency of your region.This cell phone works fine at 1900 MHz 3G band, but some conutries like Brazil uses a 2100 MHz 3G band frequency.Ateno brasileiros. Este telefone no funciona a banda 3G no Brasil. Ele menciona ser quadriband, e &eacute; mas na banda GSM. A banda 3G &eacute; de 1900 MHz e no Brasil usa-se a 2100 MHz. Exceto o 3G, ele funcionar&aacute; normalmente.Saudaes.

I purchased this phone the past year, its yust perfect for me. Android Gingerbread its amazing, in can browse internet PC-like, play a lot of games (Pro-Evolution Soccer like Play Station (yiah!), angrybirds, cut the rope, etc etc.) The social networks looks great and the sensivity for text typing its yust perfect (like iphone).The 5MP camera its reaaaaly great! im feeling that i have a digital camera and a PC in my hand together.This is the best phone that i ever had. The size, the camera, GPS (WAZE), all google aplications its yust aaamazing.If you are thinking about playing games full HD with full 3D graphics.. buy an GALAXY S II.. if not, buy this phone!!!!Im from Venezuela and its works perfect with movilnet carrier 3G-2G and GSM.

I like it however battery is awful.I can use just one day with full battery also light phone, it's not heavy as iphone.

I got this phone in Chinese language and it can't change it, I try to change it but that only cause other problems.The phone is really good, but the ones that are selling this account are not good at all. Also it seems to be use. Be careful this is not a good seller.

It was not the same as what was advertised some bits where missing, is best if they check the product before sending.

its ok..i might have not looked it well prior to the purchase as i thought it has camera front and back..receiving the material and realizing it was just back camera was somewhat disappointing..other than that its ok.

es buen tel&eacute;fono no he tenido problemas con el, es r&aacute;pido, lo recomiendo, solo un peque&ntilde;o detalle que la bater&iacute;a dura poco tiempo.

I recently received the Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830, sold by Komron Hussaini, and fulfilled by Amazon.  The phone was listed as new, when I ordered it.  However, when I received it, it was loaded with prior owner apps, and prior owner email address and messages.  I had to factory reset the phone to eliminate the data, and return it to it's original Spanish settings.  Resetting the phone to English, etc., was easy and was quite fast.  My only negative comment would be, if a seller lists a product as new, it should be new; and not be received by the buyer as a used or refurbished phone.

Nice weight, very fast response when you touch the screen and in general has a very fast performance. The camara is fine.

I have had this phone for 1 week.  It shuts its self off at least 10 times a day.  The back cover cracked from taking it off so often because removing battery and putting it back I is the only way to restart phone.  One day as I was taking off back for the third time in a half an hour in my car, the phone flew out of my hands flew onto road way and cracked the corner of the face.  Now, of course, I can not return it.  I love all the options on the phone but feel very cheated because I can't count on people being able to reach me as I don't always know when it goes off.

the phone came quick and the it was in great condition. the phone was also working fine and so far there has not been any problems. highly recommended.

I ordered and received this phone within a week. It came in full packaging and has everything: earphones, USB cable, memory card, users manual. I'm pretty satisfied.

no llego la factura comercial y aun mi producto esta retenido en aduana, y no puedo retirarlo, estoy a punto de perder mi compra por la irresponsabilidad del responsable de este envio

This is not the S5830L, is the S5830 and is the European version, it never worked with 850MHz 3G. Its a shame because this is a goog cellphone

buy this phone wait I gothowever I do not feel happy with this phonesince the telefno is of Chinese originthing I did not care because I wanted was enrealidad that tubiera the Spanish languageand do not have

I'm really disappointed with the received, the descritionwas saying: Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace - Unlocked Phone - Black, but is a lie, the phone not is unlocked. I buy my sim card in my country, but when placing the phone request  a network key that Im not have.I am really upset, I feel CHEATED

I bought one of these phones but this phone does not work appropriately,does not work with 3G banded and you say me that it runs in 3G banded (850 / 1900),but  just runs in GSM, I have tested with another  telephony, but the result is the same.My telephony has HSDPA 850/1900 MHz 3G frequencies of different companies.But the phone is not working for these frequencies.This phone is working terrible.How can you sell a product like that?

Functionality is limited as far as game playing but overall the phone works fine.  The battery last a long time I'm guessing because of the smaller screen.  Unlocked version works well with T-Mobile.  External MSD slot allows you to change out the memory card quickly.  Light weight and because of the size the phone fits almost anywhere.  eForCity TPU Rubber Skin Case is a perfect fit.  I'm not a tech person so please read the specs provided on Amazon.  Overall great phone for the price.

I liked fulfills its function, only bad thing is that the operating system does not allow q sa cambiardo to Spanish

We decided to give up the Nokia smart phone and try an Android.  This phone is much easier to use than the Nokia and has every feature we wanted including FM Radio, camera, calendar, WIFI, and more.  We also wanted it to be unlocked as we use the Go Phone pay as you Go cards so we control the cost!  The only negative was that it came in a non-English language. We watched a You Tube that walked us through the steps to change it to English and after that it was fine.  SIM card was easy to insert. Love having all the Android apps and love the touch screen and grip of the outer case.  Have been using for about 2 months now.

defective stuff, i bought new they send me used, shuts some time , i have to take  out battery to reset, not enough MB

I love this product. Its now a year i have bought it and it works perfect. Best smart phone for beginners

I think this is an amazing product, doesn't have anything bad, i can recommend this product to all the people

This phone is unlocked alright, but comes from Chile. Now, I don't know if that covers warranty in the US.The language is Spanish when you start up the phone. Also, a lot of wasted apps are pre-installed.

this phone is awesome! totally worth the money i have no problems with it. the sensitivity on the phone is perfect it does exactly what you want it to, cool apps too. this phone is deffinatly worth checking out.

it is a good quality product with many necessary features and functions.the battery charged stays longer. light weight product

phones received them in good condition, the only detail was that they were unlocked and had to pay to unlocked, which was not good because when you buy the phone told me unlocked.

I am not convinced it was new as the page stated. I had to reboot it every time I turn it on. I am trying to activate an account and it says the IMEI number is invalid so I am not even convinced that it is a real number

I bought this cell phone while I was on the States, and when I returned to CR the PH worked just fine.If you're affraid to buy it let me tell you that works perfectly with the sim card of the ICE on GSM.Compre este telefono mientras estba de visita en USA, cuando regrese a CR el Tel trabajo bien.Dejenme decirle que trabaja perfectamente con el chip del ICE en GSM aun cuando se supone que esta versionno es la correcta para CR.No lo tuve que llevar a homologar ni nada x el estilo solo lo encendi, tomo senal y listo.

exelente producto se los  recomindo llego justo a tiempo buen trato por el venddor muy buena calidad funciona perfecto con movistar venezuela

i like this cell the only complaint i have is that if you dont use it for about one hour it takes a while  for it to come back up to operation mode meaning if i have to call 911 or any other number it kinda freezes for about 35 sec, before i can get the dialing page or the contact page, if it were faster it would be great and then i'd give it a 5 rating stars

The cellphones is a really good product. I really like it and am very pleased with my new acquisitionThanks

I purchased this phone in Jan 2012 and have been satisfied with this phone ever since.  It looks very good, ie looks like all the newer smart phones and nobody can tell the difference between the Ace and other much more expensive phones. It works well, with some minor hiccups occasionally (it has turned off unexpectedly 2-4 times since I've had it).  I have enjoyed having it as it meets all my needs.  My biggest complaint is its very limited internal memory. You can't save apps on the Micro SD card (I bought a 16GB SanDisk); apps must be saved in the internal memory and therefore not all apps I want can fit, and I've always had to delete other apps to make room for new ones.  Annoying.  But overall, this is a good phone, especially for the price.

I have been unhappy with my phone for a while. My brother-in-law told me to buy an unlocked phone and hop on his family plan with him and we would just split the bill. Great phone for the price. Feels light but with a case it has a great feel to it. Haven't really gotten to play around with it that much because I am in school but from what I can tell this is a great phone. Will look into buying from buyer for an upgrade in the future. Fast and speedy delivery!

I bought this phone for my boyfriend who lives in Costa Rica.  It came exactly as described from OG Wireless (Open Group Wireless).  I used my SIM card to test it and it worked perfectly!  I am assuming it will work just as well with his SIM card in Costa Rica.  I can't wait to give it to him!  And frankly, I wish I had bought one for myself!  Unlocked phones are the way to go!  Don't get caught up in cellular contract deals!  Buy a phone you can use anywhere with any SIM card!  Phone came in original packaging with all the clear protectors like any brand new phone.  Quick delivery time.  Nothing but good things to say about this seller!

Does any one know if your going to use this phone you need to have a data plan, cause I don't have data plan and I bought a "smartphone" recently and the moment I insert the sim card, "smart" AT&T added a data plan in my account, now I hv to return the phone, before buying this I just want to know if it's going to be the same issue....thanx in advance

We were searching for Verizon phones....we ordered it and it is not a Verizon compatible phone....so be careful the phone you order will work with your plan

Nice phone that fills in for sub-Galaxy S II price. Product delivered promptly and working quickly in T-Mobile 2G, Wi-Fi only (no data plan!) mode. I like the thin profile and basic Android loaded software.  I haven't had issues with speed, memory, microSD, or bluetooth. AC Power adapter is non-US with attachment for US.  Bought two.

great product.  Hooked up with a straight talk sim card and it works well.  wife loves it and I find it easy to use.

its a very good product and i have no problems with it.. it was in a really good shappe. thanks

Chinese Products is not original Samsung Galaxy Ace. Can't  run play store. I will not recomend it for you, regards Francisco

Excelente producto muy completo y de facil manejo, en Venezuela aplica a la telefonia Movilnet sin problemas. Lo recomiendo 100%

I liked this phone but I was disappointed with the seller. This phone was sold as a brand new phone but when I started getting to know it I found inputs and games in russian.I sent it back. Still no refund after 2 weeks even though I have a confirmation that the phone was returned.

This is a geat phone! It looks cool, feels really good in your hand and is easy to use.Use for a month 0 problem .The phone is unlock and can use in my country that a great news,but if the language system can select  Chinese I think I will purchase another one !

Bought 2 phones, one only gets 2G signal. Both do not track GPS and continually disconnect from WIFI and need to be rebooted to reconnect. One needs the battery removed to turn on after charging.A real looser both are going back

I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!Adquir&iacute; este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pas&eacute; de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tama&ntilde;o del telefono sin ser peque&ntilde;o, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Venezuela). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempe&ntilde;o medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!

The phone never worked aparently because of a software problem. As I am in in Venezuela I had no way of returning the unit whose serial number is: S/N R21C238FSQA. However I am coming to the USA in a weeks time and need to know if I can return the unit then.

the product received does not agree with advertising, the product lacks the extra memory card, also not mentioned again as advertising

Got this phone on Monday, charged it and put my sim in. The phone was dead in 30 minutes. I charged it again, got the fully charged message. Made one phone call that lasted 2 minutes, the phone died shortly after the call. I charged it fully this morning, I have not used it, yet the battery sign is indicating at half!! The battery is simply pathetic. Another thing, when I make a call, the first ring tone sounds like breaking/cracking glass. I am so disappointed with this phone.

Seemed fast in the starting, but as you install apps the phone starts slowing down. I think Samsung made a good try but i guess i was the tester for them.Bought the S2 few months ago and i can tell you its a big improvement from the Galaxy ACE.

Good phone, it works perfectly, I thought I would have problems with unlocking, but worked great. I recommend you to all my friends.

good afternoon, I am very upset that this is the second phone I buy from amazon it crashes, it goes a notice is requested for theft, which has been blocked and this is too much, I wonder what their policies in this regard and I feel cheated again. and with this I'm not being rude, they are already twice that feel the same.

I'm happy with this. The only complain I have is the memory amount. I only downloaded facebook and twitter and I keep running out of memory

Unfortunately, the data/internet on this device is not working on AT&T carrier. AT&T technical support tried to fix the problem but it did not work because of incompatibility issue. So, beware of buying unlocked phone.

Excellent purchase. The cellphone came completly new with its manual, charger, earphone, usb cable. I am very happy with it. And was shipped in time

It works very well. It is not an s3. But for the price it does its job very well. I will recommend.

funciona perfecto en movistar Venezuela y las fechas de entregas pautadas se realizaron sin novedad a a a a a,

Very good phone.  This item was bought over a year ago and is used by my daughter.  The only issue she has with it is that the battery seems to be wearing.  She has to be removing it and putting back in on a regular basis

Good, solid smart phone at fraction of the price of high-end phones. Delivered as promised. Great for new smart phone users. I still prefer BBerry's real keyboard.

It is a good phone. The only thing I can criticize is its low memory for applications, just 190 MB, that is filled with a 4 or 5 important applications such as Facebook, Twitter and an antivirus or cache cleaner. Otherwise it is a good buy.

I had problems with the phone because it came locked when the product you sold me was saying unlocked, having to pay to use it, it will lift me 3g

I purchased the product to have an unlocked phone when traveling abroad, which I do many times a year.  The phone worked for less than two month before, for no reason (never dropped, submerged, etc, the phone), the phone stopped turning on due to hardware issues.  When I called Samsung, they told me that unlocked phones are NOT eligible for warranty.  This policy is Samsung-specific (Apple, for instance, honors warranties regardless of sales channel).  I have had other smart phones (Blackberry, iPhone, HTC, etc) for many years and have never seen a phone malfunction so quickly.  CAVEAT EMPTOR - SAMSUNG PHONES HAVE MAJOR QUALITY CONTROL ISSUES.  BUYING AN UNLOCKED PHONE ONLINE VOIDS THE ONE-YEAR WARRANTY.In terms of the phone itself, it runs extremely slowly.  I'm not sure if it's the service provider or phone itself.  I've used the phone in France on the Sfr Network, USA on the AT&T; Network, in England on the Vodaphone Network, and in Spain on the Orange Network (all pre-paid service) in the &lt;2 months that the phone worked.  Of these places it worked best in the UK but data speed was still significantly slower than my iPhone on AT&T; in New York.  The screen resolution is so poor, you won't be able to read anything on the 3.5" screen without enlarging the text.  The phone itself feels plasticky/chincy.  I would consider HTC for higher end Android phones.  For lower end phones, there are better options from Motorola or others.  Avoid Samsung phones at all costs from a 1) customer service, 2) quality perspective, and 3) functionality perspective (at least lower end smart phones).

The phone was very easy to set up.  I wanted to use the phone in Mexico and I just switch the SIM card and start using the service in Mexico immediately.  It was not necessary to change any internal configuration of the phone.  The phone was brand new as promised. I would recommend the seller!

Where to start ? I cannot download pics, upload pics, internet is spotty at best. This phone has so many glitches. Though it does charge fast it also dies fast. Spend an hour or so on this phone and its ready for a charge. I completely dislike this phone on so many levels! My Galaxy SII died and I needed a new one quick, I made a huge error in this one!!!

The phone had some tech or functional problems.  It was very difficult to end a call after a conversation for some reasons. the customer service was okay responding emails promptly, but in the end i had to pay a $28 of restocking fee plus postage to return the phone after a few days, very frustrating!

The phone does not have good sound. Not hear or incoming or outgoing calls. It goes full your battery even when bad luck. Not a good purchase

I Bought this phone because it was unlocked and I was going to use in a different country tha the United States,( in Colombia), It worked for two months without a problem and it turns out now that is locked and asks me for a code to unlock it, code that I do not  have , I appreciate if the seller of this phone tells me what to do in order to unlocked the unlocked pone I bought.

This is a good phone nice bright screen and long battery life. The problem with it is that it has very little space on the phone and not all apps can be saved to the SD card.

Great item and purchase experience. It was received right on time. The item have not presented any problem, it works correctly in Ecuador.

Memory is TOO small!

great phone for the price... looks like an iphone but cost 60% less... nice screen, icons, feels great... you just gotta love it!

un buen equipo muy rapido con todos sus accesorios, lo malo es q no trae memoria, me llego rapido y todo en buen estado

the phone is beautiful and very practical. but the seller sent a phone in a different box with imei not match the phone and lack an accessory. handsfree.

I love this phone, its a galaxy tab on a budget. It took a while to transition from a Blackberry but so far so good. The camera quality is great and so is the overall resolution

I have owned this phone for just about 4 weeks now.As for the design of the physical device, the size and shape is very similar to iphone so it feels comfortable and almost perfect when held in your hand. I have not owned an iphone before, but I have held them.I do wish the micro USB input was at the bottom of the phone, but the little door to keep dust out is definitely nice. Comparing this device to other smartphones I have owned, it seems that in most cases, the audio port is always next to the USB port and having the audio port at the top is a big plus for me.The screen is very nice and so far, the pictures have been good. The microphone is poor for video recording, but nobody has complained about the sound during a conversation. Besides talking through the handset, I also use a bluetooth headset, which I already owned, and though I have not had a phone conversaton with any other mic'd headsets yet, but I have listened to music through other headphones, as well as the the stock accessory, which sounds more than decent, and the volume output is adequate.The best software feature on this phone is Swype keyboard input system. It takes a bit to master Swype, but when combined with a small stylus, it is simply the fastest phone input method I have used yet. Not much else to say about the phone's software. It is Android and it can have a glitch every once in a while. I noticed a wierd moment last weekend when I was trying to turn on a flashlight app at the precise moment that my alarm was trying to alert. I did not know what was happening, but was able to I figure it out as soon as I restarted the phone.In my humble opinion, the price will probably go lower very soon, but I needed a phone and this compares very well with other unlocked, AT&T; compatible, phones that I found available here on Amazon.

El celular vino ya con gingerbread 2.3.4 precargado de la tienda, osea que no hay necesidad de actualizarlo, en el caso contrario a trav&eacute;s del KIES tambi&eacute;n puedes actualizarlo a la &uacute;ltima versi&oacute;n para este dispositivo de manera oficial 2.3.4.yo soy de Venezuela y lo puedo usar tranquilamente con Movilnet y funciona de manera esplendida la Red 3G, aunque tambi&eacute;n funciona con Movistar.El equipo la verdad es bastante r&aacute;pido, muy fluido al intercambiar de una pantalla a la otra. El touch screen es realmente bueno, sobre todo para alguien como yo que en su vida hab&iacute;a probado un celular o cualquier equipo touch screen, despu&eacute;s de un ratito te acostumbras ;) el &uacute;nico inconveniente que le veo hasta ahora y no es realmente un inconveniente es que el equipo no me vino con una targeta micro sd como es la costumbre en este tipo de equipos, y sin esta sencillamente no puedes disfrutar de este como se debe, si es posible y lo consigues traten de obtener una memoria micro sd que sea por lo menos clase 6 y con las debidas configuraciones tendr&aacute;s un equipo demasiado buenooooooo.En definitiva la relaci&oacute;n precio/valor de este celular es una de las mejores que hay actualmente en el mercado, antes de comprarlo realice una b&uacute;squeda realmente extensa para tomar una decisi&oacute;n acertada y lo hice. Migre de un blackberry a este equipo con android, instale Whatsapp (Todos mis contanctos en blackberry tienen whatsapp) y ahora disfruto de un exelente equipo sin sacrificar ning&uacute;n tipo de conectividad con mis amigos.Realmente feliz con la compra.

I love this little phone.  It would almost be perfect for me if it had more internal memory and I think I would appreciate a tiny bit more screen size.  I have a 32 GB card in there, but it needs internal memory to hold many apps.  I do not believe myself to be a very big app person, but you have to be an incredibly basic app person to find this to be adequate.  I have dropped this phone countless times.  I may even have dropped it off a roof (I'm a roofer).  No need for a screen protector.  I've never really used the case and I know I've dropped it face down in rocks before.  In 2 years of abuse I think I have one tiny scratch on the screen that I barely notice.  I want to get a Moto G now...I hope it isn't too bulky and huge!  I used this phone with Att and used the unlimited data with tethering (att didn't know).  I then used this phone on a prepaid Gophone plan and tethered their unlimited data for a basic phone for a month and a half before they saw the countless GB I used and shut off the data.  Now I use it with an actual smartphone plan on Gophone.  I took it to Nigeria and popped in the MTN sim card and it worked perfectly fine.  I only wish I could  make this screen a tiny bit bigger and upgrade the internal memory.

The cellphone works fine, it just needs patience and the guy from Extra Virgin Tech is a reliable caring one. Please notice that this cellphone is only a US unlocked version and not the international vertion

Bought this for my uncle. It's been a few months and it works well so far. No major complains. One thing to note is that the skype app for this version of android won't support video calling but alternative apps (like tango) offering the same exist. Also, I found out after I made the purchase that because the phone is unlocked it won't come with extra accessories like the headphones or the flash memory card.

I call this my 'travel phone' and use AT&T pay as you go plan here at home in USA. Easy SIM activation by phone and $25 every 3 months keeps phone number current. I don't make many call and text occasionally. Gmail is free so I mostly use that. This is also used as a back up phone because I still have my expensive VZ plan with locked phone still under contract and it's not GSM. On recent Costa Rica vacation this phone was perfect! Few dollars to get a Kolbi ICE SIM card near the Liberia airport and after activation I put $25 USD on it. I called the USA each day, text and local Costa Rica calls daily, Had GPS/navigation while my husband drove our rental car all over, data when I was away from free wifi, looked stuff up on Internet and sent emails while husband drove, took photos and videos and quickly uploaded to Facebook, and after ten days vacation - I didn't even use all the $25! Easy to check balance and add money if necessary. In the USA, I popped my AT&T SIM card back in once we landed at airport. I was able to text and make calls again. My only complaint with this amazing phone is that the internal memory is too small. Have to be stingy with apps and move any I can to the SD card (supports up to 32 GB). When my other phone's contract is up, I am thinking about using just this one. I have the S5830 &#34;M&#34; and not had a problem. When I go to Europe, this baby is going with me!

I detail that the seller does not come with Spanish language,, but otherwise all good....

Don't fall for it.  The phone itself is great, but you can't use it on straighttalk.  I bought it to use on my straight talk account and straight talk said they could not use a phone unless they sell it or att or tmobile sells it.  The phone I got was from some prepaid mobile I never heard from so you can't use it with straighttalk.

So happy with this. Great pre-sales support from seller to answer my questions on specs etc. Shipped immediately and I got the phone the very next day (paid &lt;$4). The phone itself is awesome for my first android, exactly what I needed. Goodbye iPhone!  Came with Gingerbread installed. Be sure to check your carrier's 3G and cell bands before buying. There are two versions of this phone and one will not work in the U.S. with AT&T; etc. This is the one that will.Will see about the battery life that many have complained about.

The phone stated up great. All the android applications started up great and the internet worked fine. But, when it really came down to working on two or more applications it was a nightmare. The phone would not work as fast as it should.  Then I noticed that the phones RAM was 290, which does not give a lot of room for the phone to work with. Sometimes the phone itself would not let me make calls or it will fail to connect even thought the service bars where all the way to 5.

I bought it like new, but the phone doesn`t funtion. I only saw its funtions ones because it didn`t turn on any more. I don`t know what happened but the phone is bad, bad. Some has told me that the mobile screen is damaged. I`m  dissapointed. I want my money back!!

nice fot the price, would buy it again if necesary! Im using it in Venezuela, and it works really well

This is my first Android phone and I love it!!!  I haven't had any issues with it so far.  I have my service thru T-Mobile, and I only pay the $30.00 a month plan, I don't see any point in paying for wifi when almost everywhere I go has free wifi.  I connect to the free wifi at my job and at my school, even at the grocery store the phone alerted me there was free wifi available ( publix customer wifi), and it automatically connects to my high speed when I'm home.  I haven't had any dropped calls and the call clarity is great, I'm not sure if that's due to T-mobile or the phone.  I was using net-10 before (with a different phone) and I could never hear anyone.  All of the apps work great on this phone, too.  So I'm really completely happy with it, no complaints here.

Terrible Battery..Can not use phone more than hour. When i remove all apps and set standby still its not use.I am going to return this device.

A Christmas present for one of my daughters - the pickiest of my children. She seems to love it. I cannot deal with typing on the touch screen. But she is a convert. Good value-for-money.

this phone is very tiny and does not work on 4 or 3g it works on evdo and the phone is chiness junk phone

I have had this phone for about a year now, I rooted it and put Darkys ROM on it within a few months of owning it. Its got a nice processor speed, great screen, and seems to be keeping up with the times. I HIGHLY suggest getting a CASEMATE 2 piece case for this phone, the casemate fits perfectly, and my phone looks brand new after all these months!!

Very good phone for the money, brand new in original box, English interface. Short battery life if you use a lot of application, othewise no problem. Work great with ATT Prepaid Plans. Will recommend :))

I loved my previous Samsung cell phone so much, I immediately re-ordered this phone after my first phone was stolen.

It is cool one..!! i like it..!! I just use for simple ways and it is OK with that. Thanks guys & have a nice day..!!

These phones does not work with 3G banded, only connects to the Internet, This is not the S5830L, is the S5830 and is the European version

We bought the Samsung S5830L Galaxy Ace phone from BLUETEK after reading the review. The battery is pretty much a DOA (Dead on arrival). The phone is really good. BLUETEK should never sellthese phones with US warranty. Try calling Samsung and they will tell you, these phone are not covered under US warranty. It is bad business ethics and these guys are not realizing they are hurting amazon's reputation. I will never ever buy a phone sold on amazon through a third party vendor. These guys are scoundrels and not worth spending your time on the phone or mail trying to get a replacement. I am going to purchase the same phone directly through amazon. Sadly they did not have this phone at the time of purchase. The money I spent on this phone is a waste.

I got the product and soon after it I realized it has an extremely little internal memory (which was my fault not to check before ordering) however, the phone worked for a couple weeks and then one morning the microphone wouldn't work at all, I make calls and I can hear everybody but nobody can hear me, I ran a test with the voice recorder and yes, the microphone just doesn't work at all. I am very disappointed as my job does not give me time enough or the chance to send this item back and also the lack of professionalism of the seller who could have advise that the phone is not worth it for the money you pay.

Very pleased of this phone's permonance. Nice looking and very handy. Only issue is no Flash player support. overall Worth for price.

This is a really good phone in today's mid range of Android phones.The phone is excellent and performs really well. It came with Gingerbread 2.3.4 already installed, that means, better performance compared to 2.2.x (Quadrant benchmarks this phone over the Samsung Galaxy S, which has a 1GHz CPU), better battery life and improves the video shooting quality to full VGA resolution.The phone battery stands for more than one full day with almost everything on (full brightness, GPS, Wifi, and BT), and lots of calls and sms per day, however,the 2G/3G data connection is off as I have Wifi connection in the office all day and I'm not using the mobile data connection in transit to/from home, where I also have wifi connection.Nevertheless, I tested the 3G connection with Movistar network in Venezuela and it works very well.The screen is bright and sharp. It does have some reduced visibility in direct sun light but it is way better than older touch screens I've used.The multi-touch works great. It is really sensible and the screen size is enough to type comfortable in landscape mode and almost comfortable in portrait mode.The only thing I haven't tried so far is the GPS and navigation functionality.The phone arrived without the 2GB microSD Card, but can't go against the phone and score it with 5 stars. In this regard, I have to blame the vendor: A to Z Wireless Solutions.

Awesome phone for its price.I bought this for my father and he liked it very much. It came unlocked. Language is not English by default, that can be changed in settings though.This is not a high end model, however only thing I would have wished in this model is secondary camera.

After having paying to have it unlocked (Movilnet - Venezuela), I cant use 3G. The thing came with ZTE headphones! I personally believe it's a refurbished phone a many of the other user reviews state. Everything else seems to work fine,

excellent highly recommend the team reached efficiently and in good condition excellent thank you very much for such a good recectividad

I purchased this phone for my fiance for Valentine's Day as his first smartphone and he absolutely loves it.  As a first time smartphone user it only took him a day to figure how to operate it for the most part; but, he's a very smart guy and loves electronics. This phone is incredible, very functional and quite fast and efficient. The battery life is better than my Iphone and he loves that the most about this phone. The touch screen is very good, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), and awesome definition and brightness, the camera takes awesome pictures and I belive the quality of the video it's pretty good too. The size of the phone it's great, very lightweight and very suitable for carrying in your pocket or any purse without a problem, its a little smaller than most smartphones of the same range and price which is a great feature. This phone works great with the 3G network and existing SIM card.I would certainly recommend this phone without hesitation to anyone whether is your first smartphone or you're a savvy of the latest technology.

I bought this cel phone looking for a "not that bad" and cheap cel phone.I though this was Factory Unlocked but it was not, the one I received belongs to Movistar Carrier and was hack by someone.It doesn't worked @ all and have to return it with all the accessories.I was extremely disappoint and I will suggest you to look for another phone before buying this one.Cel phone only have 250mb of internal memory, what means that if you will like to install many apps and have pictures and stuff on it you will need to buy an external SD and hack the phone.Also cel phone shut down on its own, reboots a couple of times during the day, and gets full of data pretty fast.My recommendation will be DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

the phones memory is just 180 and odd mb and a few applications .. says phone memory full ispite of having a 16 gb micro sd cardnot all aplications goesinto the micro sd cardmusic and pictures and ringtones aloneconnection to WIFI is of problemonce phone memory of 180 MB is fullbeware no sms no emails nothing will come to ur phonei just got robbed from samsung

first, the phone doesn't came unblocked,second, this S5830D works in 3 idioms, english, francais, and jap&agrave;nesse, REALLY?? DON`T HAVE SPANISH?? WTH, i`m from a Latin-american country, we talk in SPANISH,i have paid for unblocked this phone, and for de languages, bad notice, DOESn`t exist i software for spanish, very bad notice, so I HATE IT

Nice phone, got it for my wife, after she was using old flip phone for past 10 years, it is a learning curve. it has a lot of features, easy to set up and use. Needs to be charged every day.

The batery life is poor. It's doesn't last one day.It turns off and then on about 20 times a day.

Similar size to iPhone. But with android os. Android is great but this phone in particular is slow with web, the camera isn't great, the picture quality is very low compared to most touchscreen phones of today. Felt like I was using a phone from 3 years ago. This phone is sufficient for people who want a basic android phone for some apps, not too much web use, and not much camera use. Not for me because to pay so much for data plan, I want my phone to be everything and more. So I returned it and put a few extra hundred into a better phone.

Buy a samsung phone ace and was excited because it was my first smart phone but it turns out when I'm going to use the phone I came as many faults, each time I try to enter the external memory the phone hangs. And besides I take a lot of applications and restart, in conclusion eh still not able to use properly because it does not work me. I'm from Venezuela and I reward me for this purchase? I do not want to lose my money.

It didn't come with a wall charger I can use in the U.S. It had a European wall charger. Thankfully my husband has a compatible charger or I couldn't have even used the phone. Now I'm experiencing problems answering the phone because It gets stuck and I can't answer it. All I can do is wait to the person hangs up and then I call them back. Also it freezes and I have shut it off and turn back on.

I purchased this phone because I was switching from BlackBerry to Android for app compatibility reasons. The only major complaint I have about the Samsung Galaxy Ace is the battery life. Prolonged internet browsing and media playing pulls greatly on the battery life. Other than that, I am very satisfied with my purchase.

good quality, up to date software 2.3.4 (very good due to android fragmentation). I am very impressed by this phone. I have HTC EVO and I find this little droid comparable in its performance (normal daily usage: email, chat, phone, texts, signal, browsing and wifi) to my EVO. pleasantly surprised by this little droid. NOTE** this is only after 2 days of use :) I will update my impressions again later.

muy bien!!

I'm in Venezuela the phone did not present any problem to activate my line. Excellent phone, practical and functional, rather faster in its functions, is useful for my work,  I can manage my email accounts and surf the internet quite quickly

The phone has a small screen and moreover it has only 200MB of internal storage.It gets slow as you install apps. I wouldn't recommend buying this one, unless you don't have enough bucks.

The memory on this phone is too small, you cannot download anything because most apps go on the hard drive instead of your micro sd. For 2014, this is outdated, sent mine to third word, for real.

looking for unlocked gsm phone has great android os, fast, relatively cheap. good camera. easy to use. small enough for my daughter.

I've had this for a week or so, and on the second day, it automatically turned off 3 times. It continually got worse until sometimes i could not turn it back on right away. Now, its just dead. I'm returning it.

the cell did not bring the micro sd, and I think it should bring, the box came sealed, arrived on time, works perfectly for the time, I had already purchased this model and was bringing the micro sd to another.

I bought this phone last month and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation. Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use.

Phone individually is awesome.. Everything came with the phone! AC adapter, wall charger headset ECT... It does work with the ATT network! Although the phone is great it comes with NO external memory.. You will have to purchase it yourself.. Phone is fast.. DEf worth the price!

Very good

good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident very good

Have two of these phones for a couple of weeks.  One phone works perfectly, no issue whatsoever.  The other one has the SOD ' Sleep of Death' issue multiple times.  SOD = phone shuts itself off.  Google solutions and tried them all but nothing works.  Downloaded the lastest OS - Gingerbread 2.3.4 thru Samsung Kies but issue remains.  This one is going back for an exchange.  Neither of the phone is rooted.Overall I really like the phone, value vs. price and I think you are not going to get a better deal.  A good beginner android phone that is almost iphone like.Pros: Screen size 3.5" is perfect for me.  The overall phone size isn't too big either.  Plenty of free apps to download.  Gingerbread improves the battery life.Cons: Internal memory is small.  You won't be able to download a lot of apps.  And you can't install the apps to the external SD card unless you root the phone (become a superuser) but that immediately voids the warranty.  I read somewhere that you can un-root the phone if needed...  Last minor issue, the touch screen isn't as sensitive as I like it but this could be the problem with having a Zagg shield on.Update 9/9/11:  Received the replacement but it is also going back to Amazon.  This time I didn't even power up the phone, the problem is on the touchscreen, there are 6 spots (about the size of a dime) that cannot be cleaned, looks like it is actually on the other side of screen.  This is really getting old, all I want is another phone withour issue.  And dealing with the exchange process is a nightmare.  At least exchanging wireless phone is totally different than exchaning anything else Amazon sells.  Stay tune...

Having problems getting the Kies software to work with it, and to sync calendar with Google calendar (which it only does one way, won't sync back to Google calendar when I enter an event on phone.)  According to the Samsung online rep in tech support, this is not a US product.

i just bought this phone and it is working just fine, it has an acceptable camera and very good features, display is not so bad either i like it not to much but not to few :-) i will recommended to every one !

Received by the stated ship date. Was able to easily use my American and Spanish SIM cards with the phone. No problems thus far, I am very happy with my purchase! The only thing was the instructions were in Spanish which could be a problem for some people(it was a non-issue for me) You can easily find instructions online these days if you need.

I really like my new Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace. This phone is a great smart phone, light, perfect size and great camera. Love it!

I wanted to express my dissatisfation with the quality of the manual that included with the phone, because it doesn't correspond with the phone acquired. The memory, also damage what mean adicional spending. I' dont recommend this store for the purchase of any item.I would appreciate the publication of my opinion,Thanks,Magaly Romero

I was started looking for the unlocked phone after broke the old one ( Sony Ericsson ) because i am so tired with contract( 2 years agreement ) . Finally, i found the phone in amazon web . It is Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace. Slim/Light, 11 Hours talk Times ,3G Speed and Great Price with my budget. I was ordered two Phones and some accessories. I got them all what they said the delivery  date. This is the first time order experience with amazon and i was surprise of their excellent service.Thanks Amazon for your Excellent Service.

Its a great and cheap phone that can do almost all what you need to do whit an smarthphone.I dont like his battery lifetime is too short ... is  drainning away so easy in a 4 hrs almost doing anything ...Too short of internal memory is a pain install anything because the OS has the 50% of the space and you cannot control very well by default how you use it space ... use a custom OS / ROOM is totally necesarry to do space ..

I am so happy with thiis cell.my son used and then  my husband is using righ now. He es happy with the cell and he say me that is very goog cell.

doesnt charge doesnt turn on doesnt do anything this was such a waste of money a a a a a

It is perfect for what I need it for, I don't have a data plan and I was worried when most sellers told me I would need one and I don't :-) I am very pleased with this phone, and I would recommend this to anyone.

I bought this phone for my teenage son who wanted a smartphone.  I chose the quad band so he could take it overseas and use it there too.  Since I wanted to use it with a T-Mobile pre-paid sim card, I needed to find a sim-lock free phone. The Samsung Galaxy Ace seemed perfect and it's features appealed to my son. Unfortunately, as we found out after only a few months, this phone has not good reception with the T-Mobile sim card. Most of the time it has no reception at all except for the 911 call.  It might be a good phone with other providers but not with T-Mobile. The other features of the phone were fine.  The camera was pretty decent too. The touch screen was not terribly responsive though.I have now bought another phone (this time from a store) for my son which was a lot cheaper, looks similar, and which has excellent reception. Too bad I had to waste nearly 190 Dollars on something I cannot use.  I recommend buying  a cell phone from a store and not online. If you have issues, you can bring it back even after a few months.

Excellent phone, quite complete and fast! Would buy another well, recomendad 100%! Samsung is a good phone, very complete, and it filled my expectations!

Dis phone is faulty it keeps on blanking out cuting of on it own. I realy dont like dis product da sd card is ok but da phone is gaven me problems so i dnt think i will be buyin anymre phone at amazon

Was the fist cellphone that i bought by internet and I TRULY LOVE IT. The battery life is excellent. Now i will sell it because is giving me problems with the touch screen but it wasnt the seller fault so...

Excellent cell phone, cheaper than other smart phones, more expensive and less user friendly, superior OS, cpu faster.Light and many app available in the android market, do not reset, do not overheat, finally a good cell where you look, some are more rapid but this suits my needs: receive email, follow tweets, maps, see videos, utility app, games, etc.Excelente telefono celular, mas economico que otros telefonos inteligentes, mas caros y menos amigables al usuario, SO superior, cpu rapido.Liviano y muchas app disponibles en el android market, no hay que resetear, no recalienta, en fin es un buen celular por donde se mire, algunos son mas veloces pero este se adapta a mis necesidades: recibir correos, seguir tweets, mapas, ver videos, app utilitarias, juegos, etc.sorry for my English!

AND CONTACTED SEVERAL TIMES TO THE SELLER FOR THAT REASON I OF THE PRODUCT IN VIEW OF THE FACT THAT I HAVE MORE THAN THREE MONTHS WAITING FOR HIM AND STILL NOTHING OF TRUTH THAT I NEED HELP TO REIMBURSE ME MY MONEY OR I DO GET THE PRODUCT THAT REALLY WHAT I NEED

I have just received my phone. At first I was happy with it until I found out that its internal memory is 180 MB. This memory was filled after I installed 4 Apps....Skype, FB, Lexicomp and Qiblah. Now I cannot install any more apps.The phone comes with no SD Card (Memory Card) so you cannot use the camera until you purchase one.

Great phone, easy to handle but if you want to install many apps there is a problem, the internal memory only has 132 Mb

I buy this telephone many months before and i have to say than is a very good phone.The only bad is his internal memory but this is not guilt of the seller!Great product.

Hmmm.. the phone is quiet awesome and handy but the only drawback would be battery life, Phone is getting heated while in charge as well as when the phone is used with wi-fi the battery drains like hell.

It is what is! This cellphone just ROCKS!! I don't even know where to begin, well let's see. CORNING GORILLA GLASS making basically durable and reliable, android built, with tons and tons of apps (I haven't been able to check on half of them)... Light and appealing design, great touch screen capability, awesome sharing features>>>>> Button line, BEST CHOICE EVER

i want to be able to have the viber app so its very important the wifi thing .can somebody tell me please!!!

Its a very good phone i totally recomend it the battery life is good . I used it for the whole day with wifi texting calling and it was up to 10-12 hours very good phone

The phone itself is fine, does about everything it supposed to do. My only complain comes with the memory department, its just to small. I dont have that many apps on the phone and im allready getting memory warnings. I've had to erase several not vital apps in order to have enough space for the vital apps. So thats why the minus one star. Overall good phone to start with if you are a noob with Android system. Would recomend? YES.

Fantastic Android smart phone.  Inexpensive way to get a smartphone ( assuming WiFi data is all you need ) without having to pay for an expensive contract and data plan.

You get what you pay for.We has a Galaxy S, which was stolen, so we bought a cheaper model.It is a cheaper model, but half the price of Galaxy S.

This is a beautifull phone, but this have a little internal memory. For a kid is so good because you can download games

Low memory, Its is freeze when I do calls. It takes very good pictures. It doesn't allow too much programs.

Very disappointed and cheated!Greetings, I'm from Venezuela. Recently bought two phones Galaxy ACE this seller, the shipping came at the right time, but to get the phones to my home I realized that one of them was broken, the place where the SIM card goes was broken! Nevertheless phones only have included Chinese and English language, when I decided to take the phone to specialized technicians Movistar Venezuela, I was informed that they could not change the language because I had phones that were sold of origin CHINA! because the operating system is not what normally bring Galaxy ACE and they could not do anything to change the operating system of the phone because the system is not allowed! and the saddest thing is that I have to stay with the phone because for me return shipping charge so much money!Amazon should do something about these types of sellers because they cause them to lose credibility! so fellow of Latin American and Spanish-speaking, if you are not good with English, because I do not recommend these devices and if you risk buying them like I did, then you can take the surprise you send the defective ones!!Muy decepcionado y estafado!!Saludos, soy de Venezuela. Recientemente compre dos celulares Galaxy ACE a este vendedor, el envio llego en el tiempo correcto, pero al llegar los celulares a mi casa me di cuenta que uno de ellos estaba roto, el sitio donde va la tarjeta SIM estaba roto!!! No obstante los telefonos solo tienen incluidos el idioma Chino e Ingles, cuando me decidi llevar los telefonos a los tecnicos especializados de Movistar Venezuela, se me informo que no podian cambiar el idioma pues los telefonos que me habian vendido eran de procedencia CHINA!!! pues el sistema operativo no es el que traen normalmente los Galaxy ACE y que no podian hacer nada para cambiar el sistema operativo de los telefonos ya que el sistema no se los permitia!! y lo mas triste es que me tengo que quedar con los telefonos porque para devolverlos me cobran mucho dinero de envio!!Amazon deberia hacer algo al respecto con estos tipos de vendedores pues ellos hacen que pierdan credibilidad!!! asi que companeros de latinoamerica y habla hispana, si no eres bueno con el ingles, pues no te recomiendo estos dispositivos y si te arriesgas a comprarlos como lo hice yo, pues te puedes llevar la sorpresa que te los envien los defectuosos!!!!

This was a replacement for an annual contract phone that got dropped and doesn't work anymore. Didn't want to spend too much. It doesn't have all the features of the previous phone, but the touch screen works well, picks up wifi and the calls are good. Overall pleased with this replacement.

excelente compra 100% garantizado se los recomiendo llego a tiempo y el telefono es lo maximo me encanto  gracias chao

I personally prefer a Blackberry, but I bought this phone for my brother. I'd recommend Samsung Galaxy to anyone who's interested.

Samsung Galaxy Ace. Good phone, the only think is it has small memory, but it's fast, easy to use and funny size

I loved this phone, bought it for my brother who lives in Russia. It works with Russian carriers. The screen is bright and super responsive, I love it. The only problem is it doesn't support Russian Language, just English, Portuguese, and something else...  I downloaded Russian Language apps, but it only supports the keyboard, the phone is still in English. I guess it's time for my bro to learn the language. In general, I am very happy with this product.

Better than what i expected. love the size of the scren,the features, the battery dies quickly only when playing games. I would recomend.

i just bought this for my friend, it's a good phone with android apps.. but the shape is lil bit old fashioned...

This is an excellent phone the reason I give 3 stars is because one of two bought was blocked and two without the Spanish language, this genre additional spending to solve the problem, other than that everything else is very well the shipping was fast

I like this phone. It is easy to use and very good with satalite/gps apps. It is a fast processing phone that can keep up the fastest app user.

The product is working in a excellent way so far,and the shipment was on time. I would recommend this product to all my friends.

The phone was as described and as shown. The volume during calls is very soft even when on max and the sound quality is poor during calls!

Samsung S5830L Galaxy Ace - Unlocked Phone - BlackI got this beauty 3 days ago, i was looking for theSamsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket 4G Android Phone (AT&T;)but, in Colombia, with a 1 yr COMCEL contract, the skyrocket, is US500, wich is really a skyrocket price.First off, this phone looks awesome (quite similar to the Apple iPhone 4S 16GB - AT&T; - Black)PROS:Fast, with a 800 MHz ARM 11, is not a dual-core phone, but fast enoughawesome screen, TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, Size 320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 inchesLight: 113 g (4 oz)It looks coolAndroid 2.3 Gingerbread, don't know yet wheter is upgradeable to ICS or not, but i luv this version, using a lot of cool apps (teamviewer, tunein, skype, evernote, dolphin browser HD, opera browser, flashlight, convertpad, shazam, facebook, twitter, kingsoft office, camscanner, thinkfree office, youtube, every google app, adobe acrobat, amazon kindle, sound meter, instant heart rate, SBM autodesk sketchbook, etc) and all works almost perfect.Video is great.CONS:Internal memory is small, But, you can install the apps to the external SD card without any problem.So far i'm really happy with this phone, and the value vs. price is an unbeatable deal.

This phone is nice and from what I can tell works so far... But the sellers forgot to include the sim card and activation code that comes with the kit. Because of that I have had to purchase my own. Koodo is the company that it came from,I'm in the military and am very busy so connection is needed. This product would be a five had those two items been included.

I wouldnt recommend this phone waste of money. Provider false advertisment. This phone did not pick up 4g or 3g signal. Straight edge

compre el producto desde venezula, me encanta esta marca y modelo de telefono por la amplia cantidad de funciones y verstilidad, lo recomiendo 100%

We needed quick access for stock trading and this is somewhat sluggish. We do like the features otherwise. Glad to get an unlocked cell at a decent price for a change!

The phone is okay for very light use. The battery is very poor , discharges even on no use and you have to charge it every day. The internal memory is so low i cant download most of the apps. Having a slot for sd card does not help as most apps download a part of themselves on your phone. I will need to move on to a better phone with more internal memory and if possible a stronger battery.

I bought this months ago and the phone has been decent for what it was worth.I had to write one now because I just dropped this phone today. On the ground. It didnt just drop, it flung from my Jacket as I was chasing the bus and smashed into the street pavement. And it still works! It landed face down. I went to pick it up thinking the worst[touchscreen completely obliterated] but the screen was fine! Not a scratch. The edge frame was scratched up badly as I expected but the phone is still working good. The camera, sound all was great. lolIt can take a beating.

I bot this phone to replace my Motorola Razr phone because the Moto's font is too small for me to see.  This phone drops off several times everyday.  And often the  phone will not dial.  The quality is nowhere of a match to Motorola or Nokia's phones I had before.  I am going to switch to Nokia.  No more Samsung.  Never again.

This smartphone has good quality.if you do not need to install many programs, and you are not interested in playing, I suggest you buy it.

I bought this phone and jus 17days after, the phone can not read my sim card no more. The phone freezes all the time, it is just crazy.Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace - Unlocked Phone - Black

Prior to owning this phone I was very displeased with my non-android phone. The Galaxy Ace was actually my first android phone, and it exceeded my expectations. Everything runs pretty smoothly (with the exception of buffering with the samsung keyboard while texting, and loading some applications) and can handle multiple running applications at once. I absolutely love it and would definitely recommend it to a first time android-user.

I really liked this phone. I bought it several years ago and I save it as my backup phone in case anything happens do my new phone.

I have other Ace and this is the same. It has evereithing and works perfectly in Costa Rica with a prepaid telephone line.

THIS IS A PHONE THAT HAS STAND UP TO THE TEST . I ALREADY OWN ONE AND HAS GOTTEN VERY GOOD SERVICE FROM IT AND THAT'S THE REASON I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. I CAN RECOMMEND IT TO THE WORLD IT'S AN EXCELLENT PHONE.

I had previously given this item a good review since at first it used to work as expected. Didn't last long. Short after I wrote the review, the wi-fi started to fail randomly, the screen was not responsive and blacking out randomly. I had to re-start the phone to continue doing what I was doing with it, whatever it was at any given moment. I was told by the Technical Support that these phones have a reputation for failing. I wish I knew better. My advice, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

Well, my brother and I were looking for new phones and so i picked this one and my brother picked a different one for the same exact price and let me tell you, I wish i could get his! In the beginning, it worked very well because it was my first smartphone, but after a week or so, I realized it sucked for a couple reasons. It lags A LOT and randomly freezes sometimes. The battery SUCKS! When i play a game, it loses 10% every 2 minutes! This phone is ok because the camera is really good and it was one of the cheaper ones, so you couldn't expect it to be as good as the Samsung Galaxy S3 or anything. Overall, I wish i could get a new phone- and a refund.Pros:CameraCheaper than other phonesHas a "back" button (my previous phone didn't)Sometimes loads fastCons:Lags a lotSometimes loads extremely slowThe battery SUCKS!Not a lot of memory at allHeats up fast (gets hot and becomes slower)

Worked pretty well for me. The only drawback was having the older Android version. Other then that its a good phone

THIS PHONE LOOKS PRETTY ON THE OUTSIDE BUT IT DOES NOT LAST VERY LONG. I BOUGHT THIS IN JULY 2012 AND BY JANUARY 2013, IT STARTED TO FREEZE OR IT WOULD OCCASIONALLY JUST TURN OFF ON ITS OWN AND I HAVE TO WAIT FOR IT TO RELAOD AND ALL THAT CRAP. IT BECAME EXTREMELY SLOW TOO. NOT OK, ESPECIALLY FOR THIS PRICE. WATCH OUT POEPLE!!!!

The product was shipped on time and in perfect condition.  The look and feel is the same as other Andriod phones.  The phone is slightly slower then the duo core new Andriods but that's expected as the Galaxy Ace only has one CPU. I bought this phone so that I can have an Andriod to use when I travel out of the US.The first problem I face was it comes with the language preset to Spanish. The manual that comes in the box is also Spanish so that didn't help. Luckily, after some guessing at the setting options I finally found the language setting and selected English.  First problem solved. Actually an easier way is to have a friend who has an English Andriod so you can follow his setting tree and find the language setting without guessing.Then I have to download the English manual.  The Samsung US site does not even recognize the S5830M model number.  I had to go to the Samsung UK site with this url to download the English mauual:[...].  Second problem solved.I set up the phone according to the manual and registered with AT&T.;  But then I found I cannot get to the Internet when I'm not on wi-fi. That is not good as I cannot use the free GPS without Internet. I brought the phone to an experienced tech who specilizes in connecting unlocked phones and finally I'm enjoying the whole phone.I would have given it 4 stars if the phone comes set in English and duo languange manuals which is usuall for phones sold in the US.  The problem with AT&T; is AT&T;'s and does not count in here.  I would have given it 5 stars if it is faster, but at the Amazon price I'm not complaining.Good luck connecting your phone to other carriers, Perhaps they may be less restrictive with their connection.

I just gave it like a gift to someone who ask for it. But I am understand that person is satisfied

it's a very basic phone.

The cellphone barely works with 2g, internet is slow and also don't have camara infront of the cell, the multimedia message Are not able to go in the cell, the cell itself is slow and thats not what i want it, and the price is to HIGH!!!!! for that lower quality. if there is any chance for me to send the cellphone back to you and recive my money back please let me know this is my email caballota2006@hotmail.com and also my cell 786 3281311thank you

I really spent lots of time on returning of this cell phone. When I used the radio of this cell phone at the first time, the screen was crazy. Also, the screen was crazy three times when I used Youtube. I wondered whether there was something wrong with the main board of this cell phone. I asked for a return for this order. The seller didn't confirm a return and e-mailed me to contact tech. support for fixing it. After I contacted tech. support, they couldn't fix it because there is something wrong with the IMEI number of the phone. Then, I contacted seller and asked a return again. However, Seller sent me the same e-mail that I need to contact tech. support. After seller didn't give me any help, I filed a claim to Amazon. With the help from Amazon, Seller confirmed me a full refund.

I like this phone. My biggest complaint is the lack of internal memory which limits the amount of apps I can install. It's a good entry level phone for those just moving to a smartphone.

make a purchase of this product after the order 110-5220878-0611440, but I said that he had a problem with the payment, and it turns out that if I debited from the credit card ... but before I realized this charge, had already canceled this phone item order. show me that you have that status?, if possible check if the payment was made. and send me my product

If I could rate this a zero i surely would have..... The day after i started using this phone it would turn off (To the point where i couldn't even turn it on.I had to remove the battery for it to turn on again.) It Really Frustrated me. Overtime it only got worse, I Had sorted files on my phone and it un-downloaded  multiple apps on my phone. So i tried to re-download them but I couldn't because i had an 'Insufficient amount of space&#34; I had only downloaded three apps! It also comes with a bunch of pre-downloaded apps........which i hate.......It also kept logging me out of Instagram and had to Force Close almost any app when i tried to go on that app. I can barely download any apps for myself. It is not very strong and cracks VERY easily......I do NOT recommend  this atrocity of &#34;Smart-Phone&#34; (In my Opinion its Stupid and I hate it). I would recommend an Iphone.

Great Camera / very light /easy to use BUT!!!I'm about to get rid of this phone because I can't download any apps without getting a notification saying low memory. Half the apps it came with are useless to me and it does not give the option of moving them to the SD. This is VERY ANNOYING. So if you are like me and have the need for additional internal storage, then this phone is a big NO NO.

This phone is very user friendly and I have recommended it to my friends and they have purchased one as well.  It comes highly recommended and you will love it also.

There was original Samsung, table load can damage and was not received by the Samsung in my country as a copy

I purchased this phone in February 2012, and for the first several months after I purchased it, the phone worked wonderfully. Everything from the browser to the ability to text to its calls worked great. However, in the past month or so, it's been having a severe freezing issue when texting. At least once every three days or so, the phone will freeze or delay for about 30 seconds or so between letters while I'm typing a text. Restarting the phone fixes this problem, but since I am a heavy texter, you can imagine how annoying it would be to have to constantly restart my phone to get the text message system working again. I take great care of my phones; it currently has a well-fit cover and has never been dropped, so I can only attribute the text malfunction to faulty manufacturing.Overall, it really is a solid phone sans the freezing-while-texting malfunction. I've never had a dropped call and it picks up Wi-Fi signals easily. However, I am going to trade in this phone for something that will be more reliable when it comes to texting. Or at least, not malfunction just months after I bought it.

From the start, it exhibited a number of big problems. First off, the wi-fi driver would screw up and wouldn't turn on, no matter how I turned it on. In Wi-fi settings it would simply read "error." There is a phone number you can type in to restart the driver and fix it, but it was happening so often that it was unacceptable.Second, calls. Even with full signal and all, for some reason, the phone simply wouldn't make calls. You would dial a number, and it would hang up before the call even began. I tried everything and to no avail.Third: the phone kept shutting itself off. Randomly, the screen would go black and I would have to turn it on again. It was aggravating and made the phone rather unusable.Overall I think that if these bugs were fixed, it would be a fine entry-to-mid-level Android phone. It looks nice, sounds nice, has all the bells and whistles- but until they work properly, then it is all moot. Returning.

There is something fishy with this seller. There were warnings about this in at least one  of the previous reviews. It happened to me also. Looks like it is a pretty consistent scam.

It's a nice phone, has gingerbread android and the camera is nice too, the only problem about this model is the internal memory that is really low you have like 30mb free to install apps

The phone arrive on time but it was open and had several images on the gallery I think that the product is new but it was a bad impression to me like a costumer

I am happy with the quality of the product. Functional and in perfect condition. Work very good. I'm happy. Thak you

Hello.excellent phone, very good your camera and its functions!I think it would be better to include a memory microsd samsung further! Yet the phone is great! I recommend it!amazon thank you very much!

Dear all, so far so good. The phone is showing to handly the job. Good product for the price. I recommend it.

I cheated does not bring back the white casing no headset not bring drums between the cell and also wine used with telephony acriva

excellent smartphone.

ESTA MARCA SIEMPRE SE DESTACA MUY ELEGANTE Y FACIL DE USAR ME GUSTO MUCHO ESTE EQUIPO RECOMIENDO CON LOS OJOS CERRADOS

Like the phone even though it's a 2G (not a 3G) according to at&t.;I will probably buy another one.I am using it in the US. .I had to call at&t; to activate it. I am not really sure if it's unlocked since it did not work directly when I put in my SIM card.However, my SIM card is under contract with at&t.; MAybe it was the reason why it did not work directly.The phone is nice and sleek, not big.Almost the same size as Iphone 5.It's not considered a smart phone by at&t.; So, for $10/month, my data plan was switched to unlimited data which I love since my teenage daughter is the one using it. Of course it's not hip for a teenager but throw a nice case in and who cares.She can do the same exact things as on her smart phone ( text, email, internet, downloads..)Enjoy

This is my first smartphone, i haved read many reviews, articles and exchange experiences with my firend, i am not a geek or Hightech expert. I common guy, likes social netwok, games and browsing. I live in Venezuela, my carrier is Movilnet. I just took my SIM card (GSM)  from old mobile phone (Huawei) and Wualaaaaaaa! start making call. Samsung and Android have great part of the mobil market USA, Europe and South America. Recomended. I gave 4 star, cause i have to configurate my new router 300 mbps more speed. I will tell u later. Thank u Amazon, good seller. Contento y satisfecho.

I just returned this phone because it did not reach AT&T 3G. Aparently there are several models with different bandwith...too complicated....

This phone comes with no SD card, although it is clearly listed as one of the product features. I can't even try the camera without a card. I called customer service and the person was not only unhelpful but rather rude. THIS IS DECEIVING INFORMATION. If the phone is sold without a card -which a necessary element for it to function properly- the add should say so. I will probably never buy from this company again.

It was all right, the product was great and the time of delivering was ok, I would purchase this item again in the future for a present.

very good product and excellent condition 100% recommended android 2.3 and 5 megapixel camera with wifi and 3g bands is excellent for Venezuela

Phone is great, for a low price cell. It works fine with all the apps I have installed. It also comes in 2 colors. Camera takes really nice pictures.

The worst purchase I have made. The cell that came to me is a Canadian brand which is locked only for that brand. This phone has been me as a paperweight. Do not recommend. I never get what I buy, because I buy a phone unlocked.

This cell phone have the perfect size to carry on your pocket, not too big, not too small. The processor is fast and have smooth touches. It have the best price for all the smartphone functions

The Samsung S5830 Galaxy Ace phone is really good, Good value for money, has most of the features offered by costly smart phones. The battery is really good, when charged fully it remains for 3-4 days (Calls only). Good for tours, i was able to take about 300+ photos without re-charging the phone again.

I purchased this phone a week back and paid for a new phone.  I recieved the phone today, in a box that looks worn out, with no instruction manual and no covering film on the phone which most new phones have.  There was no warranty or any papers in the box.  It seems like a refurbished or used phone, which explains the half price.  But I didnt want a used phone and if this is used then amazon is misleading their customers.  In the past I bought another cell phone from Amazon and it stopped working after 3 mths and I lost my money since I cant return after 30 days.  I dont want that to happen again so I am planning on returning this phone too.  I dont trust amazon with cellphones anymore!  I will never order a cell phone from here ever again. Be careful when ordering this, I am planning on complaining to BBB but I have emiled ross cellular and am waiting a reponse fom them first. I will update later with their response.

This is definitely a strong phone, however if you plan to use apps frequently, or play games, you will need a different phone. The storage is barely sufficient for the stock apps. Adding memory will help for storing music and such  but you'll still need more app space if you want to use even the basic social media and productivity apps. It is a smooth running phone otherwise - I have it since November 2012 and it's in great condition. I have it in a basic plastic case with a screen protector. I dropped it many times, my baby teethes on it, and it's still running strong.Pros:strong phoneexpandable memory for music, photosdecent camerauniversal connectivity (micro usb charger/port and 3.5mm headphone jack)easy to find accessories, cases, skins, coversnice size but not too big (about the size of an iphone 4)comes with two outside covers - a white glossy and black textured for style choices. Although you never see it on mine - it's covered.unlocked gsm phone for traveling abroad and for use on some US networks (at&t;, t-mobile and other sim card companies)Cons:very little app memoryolder version of android, is not compatible with some apps which you will anyway not have enough memory for.In summary: get it if you want an economical internet-connected device with a few apps, wifi, gps, bluetooth, etc. that you can use abroad or at home. Do not get if you want games, and many apps.

Its a good phone but i wasn't expecting it to be so small and light weight. I Sold mines two days after receiving it. My only problem is who sends the charger separably and not with the phone? THAT IS RIDICULOUS especially for me because i live in Barbados and had it ship to my aunt in America then to me which is cheaper.

One of the reasons I bought this item was the Unlocked feature. I was able to set it up with my provider without issues. My wife loves this phone. It works great for her. And there were no issues with the seller.

i buy 2 of this phones and 1 of them are bad, the camera flash doesnt work and the 3g service neaher...i feel bad because i live to far ( in venezuela) and how can i be rewarded? well that was my experience and i buy a lot stuff on amazon so i never buy again to this seller....ramon pernia

This phone has many  issues . It is normal  when I want to take a picture on new cell phone or cell phone i just bought , it says you need to buy a memory card and not only  for  pictures but  for more stuffs , music  , videos  market weather , etc  ...  The battery is very week need to be recharged every  few hours...... each time I try something it says need to buy a card, do you think it is normal ? I know I paid $160 but I didn't want to buy a junk phone . I don't say it is a junk but it doesn't work as it  suppose to  do. Pease tell me what Is the best  for me to do about this phone .I know you have good advices  for me . Thanking you . Best regards. Raymond Uttaro.

Arrived new-in-box, with all the accessories that were advertised.  So far, we're very impressed with the quality of the product for the price we paid!  No, it's not a S4, but then again, it does all that we want it to & we didn't have to pay $500!!

Bought this for my mother and she's very happy with it.  Is a nice phone and a good way to start into using smartphones.  Works great with the local carrier.

Phone is easy to use, came with several features that are outstanding. The navigation is wonderful! Bought it for my daughter, but now would like one for myself!!!

Got this for my son for Christmas. Saved about $100.00 over a comparable model from the T-Mobile store. One caution is the need for a micro SD card. If you want to use any app's, a card is needed since internal memory is small. No big deal, they are cheap, just be aware you'll need one.

I Ordered this 3 days ago. Got it in 2 days as i am a Prime member.I was looking for an unlocked phone but what i received was a locked phone. So returned on the same day.Also the phone looks very cheap. Does not seem to be worth for $195.

I use this cell phone every day in Argentina and US, it is a good cell phone and the cost-benefits relationship is great, i recommend this product to others.Uso este celular a diario tanto en Argentina como en US, es un buen equipo y la relacion costo-beneficio es muy buena, recomiendo este producto.

Good phone. Sophisticated but not too much, just what you need if you're not into the ultimate technology. (I only need it to phone, send messages, check mail and use Whatsapp and a couple of other apps). Poor battery life though.

the product in perfect condition, excellent device unlocked very good size and very useful and visible applications. thank you very much.

This team I can say that was really what I expected and needed. Super regarding operating system, fast and as such complies with the specifications upon receipt insert my chip and I could use'm from Venezuela and works perfectly. 100% recommended.

This phone is smaller than the Galaxy s. It's perfect to put it in your pocket or party purse. It's fast and very effective.

longest phone I ever had very reliable resolution nothing to write home about the 800mhz processor not the best but does the job most of the time good for first time droid owners

I am a long time Palm Pilot user who is moving to a Smartphone, and I chose this because I wanted an unlocked phone that I could use through NET10 or some other provider that does not lock you into a contract.At this point, my phone works fine and I'm pleased with the purchase. However, it was not a "plug and play" process and I made one mistake.  The description of this product didn't make it clear which size SIM card you need. For this model, you need the larger sized SIM card (I think it's called a mini card) from your carrier, and the smaller sized card (micro card?) for additional storage (optional).  That mistake cost me $15 but not a significant tragedy.In my case, the provider also didn't seem to know how to get this phone to use the data services needed for internet connections or apps without using wi-fi. Once I read up on GSM networks and saw that it's a 2G technology, I remembered an option in settings for "only use 2G connections."  Once I tried that option, I had could browse the Internet.The GPS capability and the Navigation app are very nice. It works well enough for me in the car (especially with a slip case that prevents the phone from slipping around on my leg or car seat).It seemed a little rocky at first but I think that anybody with some tech savvy and some patience can get this phone set up. If you're not technically inclined, I'd recommend either going for a locked phone from a traditional carrier or finding somebody who can help you out.

I never had a smartphone but decided to dump Verizon and switch to Simple Mobile and try this one.  I wasn't sure it would work well with SM after some of the reviews, since it is older and not really for use in the US,  but it works just fine.  And althought Samsung doesn't support the phone in the US, Amazon supplies a 1-yr warranty free.  Can't beat that deal.  I've enjoyed the internet capability, GPS, texting, apps, all do just fine.  I got a longer lasting battery for $10 and it lasts 2 full days without turning it off.  The phone syncs with my computer using Samsung KIES software, also a big plus to manage contact lists, podcasts, and music.  At a cost of 1/2 Verizon's monthly costs for phone, text, and internet, I am VERY happy phone and Simple Mobile.So, if you want to get into the new millenium, dump Verizon, get this smartphone, and save money with Simple Mobile.

I just bought this phone yesterday, I was not such a big fan of the touch phones but this one is very user friendly, nice user interface, the "icons/buttons" on the screen are big enough to use but not too big. Using the "google store" or installing any other kind of applications is very friendly too.Adding contacts, editing them, taking pictures is very straight forward. The LED flash works much butter that what I expected.Connecting the phone to a Windows 7 machine should work out of the box, but is not. So in order to transfer the pictures I had to use the MICROSD-to-SD and inserte it directly in the PCThe GPS combined with Google Maps works very nice. You can install OPERA but not FIREFOX for this cell phone. If you need a GPS that Talks to you while you drive and that can do ACTUAL NAVIGATION i recommend using NDRIVEI recommend this phone and if you liked the LG COOKIE this phone is much better and more powerful.The WIFI performance is not quite as good as i expectedAfter TWO WEEKS of use I have to say that the battery ONLY LASTS ONE DAY, so be ready to keep the battery charger with you and to install ah application called Screen Filter to DIM the display more than Android allows you to, also disable GPS,WI-FI, data transmission in the background and any automatic synchronization

it's a grate phone for my daughter!..she has 11 years old and i think that's perfect for she needs because it has 156mb internal memory and it's make the internal memory  fill up so quickly. cellphone works very well but it came without sd card and without free earphones.

This phone is good and works with different SIM Cards as advertised,but comes without the Manual and/or the Software which took me a long tome to find on the NET without paying somebody.The disturbing fact is that it is falsely advertised as having a 1 year US Warranty, however it is not supported by Samsung USA at all and I was advised to contact Samsung Philippines by e-mail (no toll-free number)and their response was below any expectation, but lucky I have managed to resolve the Bluetooth problem myself. The Manual I have found has mistakes regarding the correct settings in some areas.I wish Amazon will review the Warranty Policy for this product and advise how to proceed if the Service is neededI.T.

The phone is not good because the charger is defected and the phone has problems where it does not come on when turn on. I am really dissapointed and I do not think this phone is new. I really need a replacement of this phone. I charged this phone last night and the baterry is dead already. Everything was not new from this seller. So so disappointed. I demand amswers

very good product, recommended surely works perfectly, I have no complaints or the product or the seller. brought complete accessories all really very safe

This is a geat phone!  It looks cool, feels really good in your hand and is easy to use.  I believe this model description says it comes with fryo 2.2 but it actually comes with an upgrade to 2.3.  The box also contained a black and white plastic cover for the phone.  Both of these were a nice surprise.  The picture is clear and really nice.  Netflix works really well.  Android system allows for an endless supply  of apps.  I wanted to get an otterbox cover for this phone but it dosnt appear they make one.  Oh well.  The phone has been great and I would highly recommend it.

for my first smart phone i am glad i chose this one.  the only thing that i have an issue with is that the phone will- out of the blue just shut off.  its an easy fix, just pop the battery out- it is an inconvenience- but an easy fix.

I'm sorry but I needed the phone bring the Spanish menu and draw him, well it's my fault too but the product arrived on time thanks

I bought this phone for my wife at the same time I bought the Galaxy Note 1. I decided on this one because although she doesn't need a lot of bells & whistles I wanted her to have a functional smartphone that didn't cost an arm & a leg. This phone has everything she wanted + a little more. At first there was an issue w/ the phone shutting off after 'waking up' from stand-by mode but I looked into the problem online & found A-LOT of complaints about this very problem. The solution came from an Android forum that said the problem lies w/ when the phone went into sleep mode the WiFi goes off then restarts on wake. I read that if we go into the WiFi menu&#62; advanced settings&#62; WiFi sleep&#62; and select &#34;Never&#34; that this should solve the issue. Well it did, I think it shut off maybe once or twice more after selecting &#34;Never&#34; in the menu but has completely stopped jamming u[p/shutting off for the month since I'd changed the setting. All in all, a cool little phone w/ a very nice looking and moderately sized screen that looks and acts like a much more expensive full touchscreen smartphone.

is very fast and very cute, I love it, applications are great and has a very good camera both photography and video I recommend it 100%

I was leaving a bb device to go into this, bad mistake. The slowest phone in the world. Even with the android software wich is good, but not enough.

This phone was everything i wanted in a phone, i could download sip phones to accept calls over voip and also use magic jack app too. I can make calls at no cost with the magic jack app and it is crystal clear. I can talk and the phone writes what i say, so no more typing text and emails. Talk to it and it searches for location or anything i want in google. It is a great phone, i can only imagine what the other Samsung Galaxy Phones can do.

the product they sell is not 100% New! y accesorios y la bater&iacute;a no es Samsung, no es originalmisleading advertising!I purchased this Samsung and was completely damaged because the battery does not originate, damaging software

if same one reed my review  trust me  this people  are thefs  i order from them smart phene brand new  when i got the phone  has scren  freeze  u cant end the calls  the batery  will last half day  if  u use  more  than  20 min  the worst  purchase i ever made  i will report this to amazon

the phone is a great phone only it did not have a front facing camera. i like the phone. thanks

I ordered this phone after reading reviews and determining that I didn't want to spend so much money for a cell phone as what you normally end up paying through a cell phone company.  I've always had good luck with returns on purchases through Amazon so I was fairly certain that if I needed to return it, I could.I was pleasantly surprised when I received the phone.  It was well packaged, shipped quick and even charged.  There were no instructions with it but that's easy enough to find online, which I did.  The phone is very nice and I can make the font large enough to read, which can be a problem.  The screen is large enough so you can see what you're doing and I love the GPS!  I was able to navigate through the settings easily and had the phone set up in no time.All in all, it was a very good purchase for my first smart phone and I didn't have to take out a loan to afford it!  :-) :-) :-)

I ordered this phone on Saturday March 7, 2012 and was pretty excited as this was to be my first smart phone. I know that's funny even to me. I added next day delivery and got it on Monday as projected, so everything up until this point had been satisfactory. Opening the package, I found everything to be as it should be at first glance. However, when anyone drops this kind of money, they are going to do a thorough review of the product no matter what it is. Upon closer inspection of the box, I noticed that the language on the back of the box was in spanish but that is not what really stood out. What really stood out is the fact that it said the model number whas not an S5830L as ordered but instead it was an S5830M. I had researched this phone before purchase and was not familair with an M model. I though maybe it's just the box...Lol. Not a chance. I took the phone out of the box and took the back plate off to check the Samsung manufaturer sticker for the model and sure enough it was in fact a S5830M model. I thought, what could be the difference. I tossed in the battery and started it up. The native language on the phone was Spanish...LolOk, now I was concerned. Was this a knockoff or what? So I next called Samsung and gave them the S/N off of the sticker on the inside. The customer service rep told me that it came up as " No Information Available". The rep then told me that that was because it was not a model that they supported in the U.S. I asked, ok so what does that mean? The rep told me that this phone was not meant for sale in the U.S. and that there would be absolutely no support for it here! No warranty, nothing. Now let me say this. I switched the language setting in the phone over to English and tested the phone out. Everything seems to work as it should. It also has the latest platform for gingerbread 2.3.6 . The ICS platform (also called the Icecream Sandwich platform is not available at this time for the Galaxy Ace). So everything seemed to check out with the exception that if anything ever happens to this phone then I am just screwed...LolNext I called Amazon and gave them the information about the phone and what I was told by the phon's manufacturer Samsung. Amazon appologized up and down and extended a 20% refund as well as offered to replace it with a full refund within 30 days should something not work. They (Amazon) also told me that they were going to investigate the seller as well as the rest of the stock that they have on hand for this phone. I want to be clear that Amazon has been very helpfull in this matter in standing behind their site and customers. Today, I called the 3rd party seller that is selling this phone. They are out of New York. I talked to the manager and he said that the SKU numbers matched up with their product and that it had to be Amazon's fault. He went on to say that he would send me the correct phone if I would call Amazon and return the discount that Amazon gave me first. Now come on people, I didn't just get off the boat. I did tell him that I would be happy to give the discount back but I would have to have what I ordered first. No Way would I give it back first and then still be stuck with a phone that had no warranty and would not have any assistance for should something go south with it. He agreed and said that he would send me an email with the tracking number within the hour. Lo and behold, that hour came and went with no email.It just shows me that I was correct in my assumtion. In short, be careful and order from this merchant at your own risk. You are deffinately rolling the dice.Amazon still **ROCKS** though!

THIS IS A &#34;T-MOBILE&#34; BRANDED CELPHONE. IN PUERTO RICO, T-MOBILE IS A VERY VERY BAD CELULAR CARRIER. THE FEATURES FROM T-MOBILE ARE NOT AFORDABLE. PLEASE, DO NOT WASTE YOURE MONEY ON A T-MPBILE BRANDED CELPHONE.

Hi Guys,I buyed this phone a couple of months ago. I was told phone is factory unlocked. I recently have to restore the phone because it was causing some software problems. It was terrible to find after restoring that " phone is locked". I contacted on a local mobile shop and they told me that cell seems not to family unlocked, they told me you have to pay almost 40 USD to get phone unlocked. I contacted concered seller and they dnt want to listen either because item return date passed. I will suggest you guys never buy this itm, its wastage of money, there is very little storage memory, unlocking is like scramble, etc

Is a phone that according to your specification meets all expectations and at times exceeds them by the recent updates that have been made &#8203;&#8203;to your operating system.

I should have known from the price this phone wasnt worth it. But I figured my cheap ATT go phone couldnt be better, it was (and is).

this was my first smart phone and I found it easy to use.  it is also very durable because i am on the clumsy side and so it has fallen a  number of times with the back cover, the battery and rest of phone each going their own way and it still works perfectly.  the camera is excellent as well but the storage on the actual phone is a bit minimal otherwise perfect

Phone is a startup cheap smart android phone.Seller advt was good and phone did work with my prepaid AT&T; service in Chicago. Only difference was I received Samsung S5830M model instead of S5830L, not sure about any difference between those model functionality wise. Till date (06-30-2012) no problem with the phone but over the time I believe it's getting slower with more apps may be phone processor can't handle it. Overall happy with the phone and price I paid for.I would suggest seller to other buyers but do your own research and just not believe what's written on advt.Happy shopping...

Overall good.it has nice outlook.picture quality is also good.but battery charge doesn't last long.some function is complecated.soud quality is not bad.came with a nice white back cover which is cool

I bought this phone for my mother and she absolutely loves it. She says its not so complicated to use and she recommends it to anyone especially her friends!

Doesn't have an usefull manual, but it's ok. Asking friend and toching button you can learn to use it well. To connect to the computer, please learn it at youtube.

This is not a bad phone, but there is limited memory and many apps do not store on SD card. This makes it run slow. Also, this version has font problems with Asian languages. If you plan to use in different countries, other than European ones, you may have difficulties even after installing local font software. Samsung dealers in Asia said this problem can be fixed, but at the risk of losing all data already on the phone. A nearly identical Samsung phone, the Galaxy Cooper, can be purchased in Asia.

it was a great phone for just a normal user like me...

It's a very nice phone. The screen is nice, and the resolution and colors are awesome. One thing I didn't like is the fact that sometimes it freezes and you must shut it down, or sometimes it becomes slow. It's probably because of the amount of internal memory the phone has. If it had more memory and a front facing camera, it would make this phone awesome.

The phone box  was  of T-mobile, did not say samsung on nowhere.It had no user manual,  and nor had the headphones.only was a  box with the phone and the charger.immediately I had a bad impression.The phone turn off suddenly and  it is not programmed for that,  and it not return to turn on,  after a while.the phone is not bad, but i not recommended buy it  with this supplier.

The phone seemed nice at first and I was happy that being a gsm phone I was able to connect to the internet successfully with a sim card from a different company. However, the internet is not 3g, nor even fast enough to make it usable. I  can't even send or download photos successfully unless I continue to keep the screen lit and still it will take twenty minutes. I use a straighttalk sim, so maybe with other companies it could be faster. I also connected it to wifi which is only slightly faster when it decides to work. The phone is durable, I dropped it in a puddle and have thrown it in anger and it still works fine as I expected. Only the good die young. Also, while texting (even before the puddle and the tantrum) it will not read what buttons I am hitting. The screen works but the keyboard is unresponsive. This happens frequently and closing the app and locking and unlocking the phone doesn't help every time. The phone memory itself sucks, and there's only certain things you can put on the memory card. It should only be sold for fifty bucks tops, it's so buggy. The only reason I kept it is because I needed a phone and didn't want the hassle. Upsides; camera quality is nice and there is a flash. Cases for them are highly protective and waterproof and cheap if you look on amazon.

I love Samsung phones and this is my new favorite. Everything posted about this phone is accurate. I'm glad I bought it.

So far this phone is working well.  It seems to be a step down from the Samsung Epic in some functionality especially sorting the apps that I have downloaded in alphabetical order but it does the job.  Good Phone

I received my Samsung Galaxy Ace and charged it for a while. After that, I started using it and made a few phone calls. Good phone quality. It was much easier to hear on this phone than with the HTC Nexus One I previously owned that died on me a week before I purchased this. 3G appears to work well here in southern California, and it's on T-Mobile.I did notice the phone was set up for Canadian English, and was even set up with a Koodo Mobile splash screen (Canadian mobile company). That doesn't bother me so much as far as the splash screen goes. The Canadian English wasn't a problem until I installed the Amazon MP3 Player (because I purchase MP3s from Amazon, normally). Apparently Amazon MP3 will not work with the Canadian English locale. The phone doesn't come with the US English locale, but if you go into Google Play and type in &#34;more locales&#34; you will find a number of apps that will add more locales to your phone. I was able to use this and Amazon MP3 Player started working.Messaging is easier with the Swype keyboard already included with the phone.I tested out Angry Birds on the phone, then removed it. The responsiveness was pretty good. I only removed Angry Birds because I prefer to play it on my larger tablet.Space is pretty limited on the storage, so I was happy to see the seller, BlueTekUSA, included a 4 gigabyte MicroSD card, and I can move some apps to my SD Card. (I'll be able to move just about any app to it once I root the phone and use Link2SD).As I said, I mainly bought this to replace my Nexus One that had died but I also use my phone for testing websites and HTML5 mobile apps I make. I do most of my work from home or from Starbucks, and sometimes the internet goes out on the Starbucks or home connection, and I will sometimes use tethering and use my phone as a backup internet connection and continue with my work and stay connected to everyone at the office.I've not experienced any of the lag issues or 3G issues others seem to have experienced. This seems like a good quality Samsung phone. It's a bit low on internal storage but it meets my needs.

This unlocked Samsung Galaxy Ace was death upon arrival.  I charged the battery for 8 hours and still did not turn on the phone.  Therefore, I am returning the phone and ordered from another dealer.  They should have checked the phone before send to my home.  What a waste of my time.

Headphone is not coming into the box, only battery, cable usb and micro/ please confirm if by mistake  don't send.

* el telefonito se siente bien, comodo en la palma de la mano, dise&ntilde;o de buen ver, minimalista, muy parecido al iphone 4.* la pantalla de 320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 pulgadas gorilla glass resistente a rayones (evita incomodos protectores de pantalla)* 800 MHz ARM 11 processor, Adreno 200 GPU, Qualcomm MSM7227 chipset, 181MB de almacenamiento interno y 279 Mb de ramcorre bien bastantes aplicaciones, se siente rapido, por supuesto hay sus excepciones* este modelo es el 5830L (en teoria para el mercado latino) las bandas 850/900/1800/1900 GSM y HSDPA 850/1900 MHz 3Gconfirmado el 3g funciona perfectamente en Costa Rica con el ICE(HSDPA 850Mhz)* el galaxy Ace viene con froyo 2.2 (actualizable a gingerbread 2.3.4)NO SE RECOMIENDA INTALAR LA VERSION EUROPEA  DE GINGER 2.3.3,  da varios problemas como parpadeo de pantalla, error con wi-fi, problemas con el gps y pobre desmpe&ntilde;o de la micro-SDya la rom para este modelo esta en la red y funciona a la perfeccioncosas a tomar en cuenta:*la duracion de la bateria es pesima, 1 dia... maximo dia y medio*no corre el adobe flash aun con ginger instaladopor lo demas muy feliz con la compra

El teleffunciona excelente y funciona en la red 850 del ice de costa rica  por si tienen la duda  si compran este telefono asegurece que sea  version L  de latinoamerica que es la que funciona con la banda 3g del ice  .el telefono es muy bonito super funcional nada que envidiarle a un iphone  lo unico malo que veo hasta el momento es que algunos programas se almacenan en la memoria interna y la capacidad del telefono es muy poco

I bought this for my 13 year old daughter and it was the right choice. I tried it out first and compared it to my iPhone. It held up very well and that's why I gave it 4 stars. It's not as good as an iPhone but it is less expensive and holds up well. Surely good enough for a teenager who isn't ripe enough for such an expensive phone.

Worst money I have ever wasted in my entire life.  It constaltly drops calls, drops off of the cellular network, and depending upon usage, the batteries only last between 14 -18 hours.  I purchased 3 additional no name bateries, and received the same length of time for usage as the original Samsung battery that was included with the phone.I would NOT even recommend this phone to someone that I wished to get even with.  I have been using Sony Ericison Hotlines since November 1993.  Sticking with Sony.

No lo recomiendo. No funciona en Venezuela. No viene con idioma espa&ntilde;ol solo ingles y franc&eacute;s.Not recommend.  Does not work in Venezuela.

The phone is great. It came unlocked, all I had to do was insert a sim. It is a little small, but I knew the specs before I purchased it. I am little disappointed that I am unable to block unwanted numbers and texts, but I will get over it or change the phone.

I really like the product. The phone is great. My sisters love the fact that I have finally upgraded. I had some many compliments on this product

I have been using this phone for about a month now and there isn't anything that I can really complain about! It's awesome! It's light, great resolution and has good sound quality.The speaker is not that loud but it works just fine for me.I am glad I got this!

although it is quite limited memory, but it meets my expectations,  it is quite useful in my work and in my daily life

The product is packaged only phone and charger and case also describes headphones, extra cover, adapter for charging on tour, 4Gb memory, so would appreciate your review.

very good phone, works great and easy handling really like this phone!is not complicated and your system is doing very well!

Very good smartphone, is not as big as the SII or the new Note, but it has most of the same features, just in a smaller screen, still very good size.I prefer Android over the Iphone, and the appz are very much the same.The down size is that if you start too many applications it may run out of memory too soon.

Escribo desde venezuela y el telefono funciona sin problema alguno en red 3G. Llego a tiempo y sin problemas, lo recomiendo!

I like Samsung phones. I like the graphics and the camera resolution, but I will upgrade next year and get an even better camera.

I bought this to my mother and i think is great. You can install all those important apps people use nowadays .

I bought it because of it is convenient and affordableI can recomend this product to everybodyIt`s perfectly adaptable and the display is clear and quick

Very good experience. Only thing I dont like is that the alarm will not work unless the phone is on. Maybe Samsung should develop its own app instead of using Android's alarm.

Have no idea as to the cause? When I HAD CHANGED THE SIM CARD AND, OF COUSRE THE 'RUSSIAN LANGUAGE...I THEN WAS ABLE TO USE THE PHONE! HOWEVER, THE SAMSUNG IS NOT FUNCTIOING  AGAIN...THEREFORE, I am  RETURNIG THE PHONE FOR A FULL REFUND + SHIPPING.REGARDS,William

A friend asked me to purchase this Galaxy Ace to use it in two different countries. So far, he has used it in one of the countries and is very happy.

This is my 1st smartphone & like it very much. Good battery life. Very lightweight. Looks sleek and appealing. V fast wi-fi. GPS is amazing.I did not give 5 stars due to:- T-Mobile does not support 3G or 4G on this device. They say, they use 1700/2100, that this phone doesn't support.- Phone slows down at times.Otherwise this is the best I could get for around $240

I purchased this phone. Two weeks later i had to purchase a new battery for the phone because the battery was not taking any charge.

There were personal data and software installed on the ordered cell phone (phone was used before). The battery was also fully charged which indicates a used (battery should be uncharged for transportation safety).Because of this reasons, I made a factory data reset to get a cleaned phone. After factory reset the phone network was locked. The Bluteckusa support was not able to provide me with the necessary network lock control key. After 9 business days they replied the phone should be factory unlocked. According to the description the phone is only unlocked. Further more the phone is locked on TELUS a telecommunication company in Canada. The logo and sound shows at startup and shutdown.I returned the phone.

This phone is not accepting the 3G/4G network in the US, only works in 2G mode. Worse thing is, there is no option in the phone to enforce it to use the 3G/4G network.

Just added memory card, GSM Chip and it works on 850Hz /3G. It is very fast and screen is good. My first Android phone, have not updated Android System since it requires a PC and I work from a Mac.

phone is very good in performance, has a good version of Android, and comes with black and white covers. The phone is low on memory and the number of applications that are stored on the phone mandatory rather than sd, limits the operation of the phone. to rest very well throughout the purchase, the seller uneventful.

Very good cell phone, there is a lot of apps available, nice speaker (back and front), nice camera. The processor is very good and support any kind of work (even using antivirus). The only thing that could be better is the battery, it lasts 2 days (using a lot of wi-fi, though not using 3G or 2G), but I think this is a normal issue for smartphones with big screens and wi-fi access.

Since the day I bought this phone, it would shut off spontaneously for no reason. I'm not saying it just went into sleep mode; it would shut completely down and I'd have to press the power button and wait five minutes for this sucker to power up. Very inconvenient when, say, you're trying to call 911 because there's an axe murderer breaking down your door. Tried to contact seller for assistance but no contact info listed.Other than the issue with the power, it would have been a decent phone. Pissed off because I really didn't have the $ to spend on a smart phone, and this is the piece of c r @ p they sent me.

my frst smartphone...very fast delivery,comes with extra white back cover.everythng installed, ready to use.elegant outlook,if u r looking fr a smartphn under ths range..so go fr it dnt waste money on costly phones...!!only no sd card with it..bt thts ok..luving my new phone.everythng wrks fine till nw..
