
it is great looks brand new but it freezes sometimes and wont charge but that is to be expected.. great!

I bought this phone for my daughter, great phone even thought it's an older model, it's GREAT, service was also GREAT

The thing that saved it was the company at least sent instructions on how to fix the screen.  Stinks because it was a gift :(

I had an iPhone 3 and I loved it. I've been purchased an iPhone 3 of this website, the battery would not hold its charge it would be at 80 percent and my phone would shut off.  this happened every day I charge it every night and I don't think that 80 percent your phone should shut off... and also everytime I try to use the camera the phone would shut off....extremely frustrating I do not recommend this site for phones.

Though the phone came packaged in a box and bubble wrapping, the upkeep of the phone was worn and scratched up.All of the open sockets had dirt in them.I was disappointed with the purchase.

Hello this message is for reporting touting an Iphone like new , and received iphone with detached screen, the screen has a line of liquid in the center and on top of that the device turns off after 30 minutes of use and you have to have it connected to the charger it will not fade._________________________Buenos d&iacute;as, el presente mensaje es para informar que promocionaban un Iphone como nuevo y me lleg&oacute; un iphone con la pantalla despegada, la pantalla tiene una raya de l&iacute;quido en el centro y aparte de eso el dispositivo se apaga luego de 30 minutos de uso y hay que tenerlo conectado al cargador para que no se apague.

This classic iPhone has the old school shape and weight, with plenty of performance.  I'm one for simplicity and the classic 3GS is a solid buy.

I have the ATT version for over 3 years since 2009. It has bee going strong and no issues. I have upgraded to version iOS 6.1 as of Nov 2012.  iTunes is the painpoint, with tough to use. By early Dec 2012, Apple is supposed to come out with a new version of iTunes with easy user interface. There are ample reviews of these phones, my point here was about reliability of the product. It has come handy at all times, with no major reboot issues/hanging etc.

Had to order twice, first time I received incorrect product, but customer service was GREAT and handled everything expeditiously....my son loves it!

I bought it a week ago and was dissatisfied, when I brought It to apple store, they said, this is not original phone!

got just like they said and im happy with it however it was missing the on/off switch cover and I had to have that repaired but my otter box cover is the only thing that keeps it in place- phone looks and works fine but I was a tad disappointed with the missing part

The phone is nice condition, almost looks new but it is not unlocked! I have not had any luck unlocking it yet, but remain hopeful!

Phone condition was like new every button works good also arrived in good time,as indicated,I would recommend buying this phone,at this price compared too!!!

Seems to be as described and in great condition! Arrived on time But without promised case and the sync cord was super cheap but I didn't really buy it for that purpose. The phone is very good and that is certainly what counts!

This review is not for the product as you may find it everywhere in the www world.  This is for the quality of the product that I received from the seller - Amazon Warehouse deals.  I bought it used - like new condition.  Luckily it came with a version of firmware that is easily unlockable (as I needed a phone to use it overseas).  The quality was very good, battery holds well, screen was pristine and there were very minor scuffs and scratches on the back (which should be expected on a used piece).  The sockets and ports were well cleaned up and came with NEW headphone, power adaptor and cable !!  Highly recommend Amazon warehouse seller for this product.

This phone was in excellent condition and it was shipped fast.  It was the best deal we could find on the older 3G model and I needed one fast because mine bit the dust.

I am enjoying my new phone.  I still have a lot to learn about it.  Just bought a new cover for it.

I'm happy with the purchase came one month here in Brazil however, I did not realized that the device is locked, so I can not insert my sim card here in Brazil, but I'll try to unlock, and if anyone knows how to unlock for use in Brazil by please help methank you

I absolutely love my 3gs.  It's twice as fast opening apps and it has a video recording capablilties.  A great upgrade from my 3G.

Everything about the purchase was good except the battery. The item was delievred quickly, it came with all the accesories and in good condition. However, there were big issues with the batter. The battery life of the phone was terrible,  if I listened  to music for a hour or so right after charging the phone I would have to recharge it immediatly....same with intensive texting....and somehimes battery said 50% and it would just shut off receiving a phone call....the cell phone shut off on me so many times that I had to keep it plugged in....which entirely defeats the purpose of having a phone! I would strongly suggest that before you buy a used cell phone you ask the seller about the battery. In the end I returned the phone and they were quick with the refund. I give them one star because everything was good, except the phone!!

The phone is In like new condition, better than expected. Very nice case ear phones charger and data cable included.

I bought this phone for my son & he loves it especially it's being his first iPhone. Great product at a great price. Item arrived at the time it said it would

The phone never even showed up.The online tracking said that it was supposed to arrive on the 19th, approximately a week or so after I first ordered it.The phone was a gift, so when it never arrived I was forced to go out and buy one myself (which was thankfully about 75% cheaper than this product).Luckily, the company was very apologetic and refunded my money after I reported the package to them.WARNING!!! The manufacturer themselves admitted that it was not the first time the packages had been shipped and suddenly vanished. They said they'd had this issue on multiple occasions. Save your time and money.

hello.I made &#8203;&#8203;the purchase of wireless equipment iphone 3gs, it is locked by AT & T, also just told me via phone that it can not be unlocked by having no bill authorized agent at & t and additionally it is reported as being stolen .I request that you are sending to another device (unlocked, and legal bill at & t) or my money back via giftcard or similar.I'm from Venezuela, so the shipment and return the equipment I find difficult, but not impossible, so I requested to indicate which way to send your unit and I point out when I sent mine.

What I said in the beggining: It's brand new as described! I am now getting my unlock code from AT&T.; Thank you guys for the lowest price iphone! I would highly recommend this seller and the product to my friends!After 3 months: The iphone still works, but it started to freeze randomly. Sometimes it shutsdown eventhough the battery is at 80 to 100%. It doesn't turn on, no matter what you do. Then somehow, it randomly turns on after 30 to 40 mins. Since I am a technician, I would say it is the case of refurbrished items. It is not the "brand new" item as listed. At my best guess, I would say these are the refurbrished items that are left over from carriers such as AT&T; and verizon and later sold to third party sellers. CHEAP BUSINESS! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY THIS ITEM!!!

The iphone 3GS works perfectly with one exception.  I purchased this product in &#34;like new&#34; condition.  There were no scratches or blemishes at all.  All the programming works great.  My one complaint is the menu button at the bottom.  It does not 'click' crisp at all.  When you press it it feels like there is something jammed in it below the surface.  It's not bad enough to return, but does not earn 5 stars either.

I bought this phone specially because it was described as UNLOCKED. When I received my phone everything was ok until I put the SIM card, phone didn't work and I had to pay initially US15 to unlock the phone, next day when I tried to download applications I couldn't because the phone was not updated to ISO 4.3 or plus. Then I had to pay US$25 to update the phone to IOS 6.0 and unlock the phone for ever. I contacted the seller and he replied saying how he could help I told him to refund the initial $15 dollars I spent he replied just saying he didn't know how to refund the money and never replied to any of my following emails. In fact the phone was in really good condition  but locked I had to pay totally $154 + $40 to repair. No happy with the shopping and the seller

My phones category was ,,unlocked phones", but when I received it was locked and it had the second problem too: when I tried to charge phone, on the screen displayed: ,,charging is not supported with this accessory". With my friends original cable it charged fine. I repaired my phone at the apple dealer and paid $30. Amazon has refund my money and I am very satisfied of its service.

IPhone 3gs is a solid smartphone. It is relatively light and compact. It has a premium feel and it is just beautiful. The battery lasts all day long on reasonably heavy used with screen brightness at 70-80 per cent. Call quality is solid and antenna reception is consistent.

I got the iPhone in less than 24 hours ,no original iPhone box was in it ,some scratches on back ,screen perfect iPhone locked to at&t.

I lost my 5G so I had to buy this one to replace it. It's almost as good!! I never used the Seri anyway.

On the description for the iphone It said it didnt work but could be fixed but it wasnt coming on and you didnt drop it or do anything to it! but i took it to the shop to be fixed and they said that it had water damage to it and could not be fixed! :-(

The phone works great and arrived quickly.  This is a used product and I'm very happy with it.  No problems.

The 3G is really, really slow. I didn't want to sign a contract, but I needed a new phone. Perhaps the 3GS is slow compared with the 4 and 4s, but it's plenty fast for everything I need it to do, and being able to pick it up for the price Amazon Warehouse Deals offers it for and not having to sign a contract made this an excellent purchase. My only complaint is that the silence switch is a little wonky, but it is a minor complaint, given that the unit shipped with an immaculate back and screen, and with a sync cable, earbuds, and a wall charger. Highly recommended for those wanting to upgrade from the aging 3G but are wary of signing a new contract with AT&T.

Works nice. All the buttons work good. I love the side switch where I can just lock it and it turns the volume off instead of going into the settings and taking longer. However it does shut off when there is still half battery life left. And sometimes when I am in the middle of an app/game it shuts off as well. But other then that its nice because its a working phone

The phone arrived on time as indicated (That is good !). Phone screen is in good condition so far and the back cover has some scracthes. It is locked, but i have my AT&T SIM ready. As of now, the only thing that trouble me is the missing pin that use to open the SIM slot, the rest of the functions work just fine. I shall try to post more of this phone review, so stay tune.

I like this phone. It cable a week later, but it works well. It was classified as new, but if came with scratches on the back. Very few, though.

I love this nifty phone because i can unlock it and then use another carrier of GSM like T-mobile. This is something i will have until ios 7 comes out since iphone 3gs wont support it. To make this even more special amazon sells these phones and apple doesnt or other companies since semtember 2012 these iphones are for sale in store. In the package came the Iphone itself, a sim card removal tool, New Earphones, and a New USB connector. Overall I am happy with this iphone until IOS 7 comes out then i will upgrade.

I love it and the price is very good for the iPhone I recomend any body who intrest on it purchase the out any doubt.Manny Depina

It's a bit slow for what it is, nowadays, and most software only barely gets to it. It's somewhat slow, but still fairly powerful. However, be sure that you're getting a factory unlocked phone. Several sellers are selling them as simply iphones, but if you try using a different sim card, it won't work, or it was hacked to allow this. So be sure of what you're getting!

I didnt want to spend hundreds of dollars on an IOS device for my 13 year old. This iPhone does everything the latest touch will do-almost. If she is responsible enough and can take care of this, then we will move up.

product was blocked, the serial number of the box does not match with serial number of thephone, the ear-phone was not original. The product was manufactured in 2010.The product was returned and already refunded

First of all it wasnt match what its says on website. It was internally broken phone and it wasnt unlock.

This has been a disspointment. After a few months of usage the phone is not working well and giving problems. Sometimes it boots and other it doesn't. If you buy from this seller you are risking to have the phone go bad in a few weeks.

good phone

The used Apple iPhone 3GS I ordered from Amazon Warehouse is incredible -- just like new! And it is so far superior to the Motorola Atrix I had. Touch works perfectly -- no accidental strokes, no opening something by mistake. Synced with all my info on computer quickly, so now have ALL contact info including ALL phone #s (not just mobile), addresses, & emails. Also calendar info and notes. I have ATT contract, so just inserted SIM and it was up and running. Shipping was fast. Very pleased with purchase.

This is a great product, it worth its price. The phone can do as much as all of the other iPhones out there.

Bought this used locked GSM iPhone 3GS 16GB for two reasons:1. it's sold by trust-worthy Amazon WarehouseDeals2. it's advertised that product was "From the Manufacturer"Received the phone in excellent shape, well packed, like new, with the latest 5.0 firmware.  It came with a new set of genuine Apple earphones with remote and mic, dock connector to USB cable and USB power adapter.  Touchscreen and battery seemed to be newly replaced as well!Googled around, selected a company on the internet that claimed to be the No. 1 iPhone unlock service provider; after payment to them, received from them a message claiming that "software was being developed and would be available soon (without a commitment date when software will be available)".  Since then, I've never been able to get my money back through PayPal!Fortunately, there's a professional independent iPhone repair shop in town (not at&t;, T-Mobile or Cincinnati Bell) who could help activate, jailbreak and unlock my phone; the phone works great now!  I don't have to purchase a 2-year plan, I can use the best-deal package plan I want from either at&t;, T-Mobile or Cincinnati Bell any time.  One important note: NEVER update your firmware after the unlock, otherwise, everything will be reset to previous locked configuration!

Label on the box included the correct description, Iphone 3gs 16 gb black, however the phone included was a 3g 8gb black in good conditions.Price was good an item was in good condition, included usb cable, wall charger and earphones.Phone was not unlocked.

Currently it is 2014, the 3gs is discontinued.  However most of the apps I want are still working for it.  Other reviews were full of lists that didnt work, but I tried them on the 3gs I got recently and the ones that didnt work were usually ones I didnt expect to work.  Youtube,bbc News, Google Maps, GPS apps, Amazon Prime video, kindle books.  All of these apps worked fine with no errors. As well as Final Fantasy Dimensions.  I would expect most games not to work in this, but the only ones I've tried are FFD and Bejeweled which work fine.  As for the phone itself, the screen is small and its sometimes not very reactive.

ives effective service. works as expected and promptly. good for those in love with iPhone . recommended to all give it a trial

I am very disappointed as I ordered an Apple iPhone 3GS 16GB (Black) however received a 3g with model number A1241. All the packaging said that it was a 3gs however the phone itself is a 3g. This is made worse as I am living and working In Africa and had a friend bring it over when he visited.

Exactly as I expected! No surprises and works/functions like an excellent minimally used mac-buttons cheaper than a new one!

I was fooled by the item description. It was totally below expectations. I could not even use the phone. Seems that they were just trying to place a broken phone to innocent buyers...

The touch feature would not work properly. Had to turn it sideways to get keys to work. Many times couldn&#8217;t even turn phone on to answer calls. Finally fixed it. Threw it on the floor and got another phone. No one else will have to deal with it.

I needed to replace an old 3G iPhone that was having too many problems to keep fixing. The 3GS added 8GB of memory, a better camera, runs on the current operating system and still fits the old case that I didn't want to replace. If the battery life was a little better this would have had 5 stars, but the battery is a bit weak. (Not surprising for a used iPhone, however.)

I'm a senior citizen and have been puzzled by many of the newer phones so I started out slow with the I-phone 3G. I knew right away I should have gone all the way and purchased the newest one. It has been so easy to learn. I recommend it to anyone

Have had issues with "no service" several times, so far made 3 trips to AT and T.Replaced sim card and does not hold charge well. We keep hoping the issues will stop, still not sure if we will keep or return.

The price is great but no carrier is listed as far as I can see I need an at&t compatible phone so I can use a straight talk sim card

HITHE IPHONE WAS BROKEN FROM THE BACK NEAR TO THE CHARGE CONTACT ABOUT 1.5 in .  IM SO SAD ABOUT THESE BECAUSE I WASN'T LIKE DESCRIBED AT ALL .

I was so excited to get this phone although right away I had to have it repaired which was $50.00. I did not even have a clue that it would need to be unblocked until I purchased the right stuff to activate the phone and could not use it. So I am very disappointed that I have to spend more money to get it unblocked so in the long run I can only use it now to play games. I will not be buying any other phone at all from Amazon and I have purchased alot of things from this website.

wharehouse deals POSDON'T BUYTOTAL JUNKdoesn't hold a charge for more than twenty minutesfront screen unresponsivetotal POS

Item was as described.  Like new in the original box and packaging, with plastic protective sheet across screen, immaculate, with headphones and all papers and manual.  It works just like my original 3GS (which served me for 5 years). Fantastic!

I bought that phone it looks real good. I went to a thrift store and found a case to carry it in. It was brand new too. The battery doesn't hold a charge for very long. How long are they suppose to hold a charge? I have not used it yet nor have I went to see if it was unlocked or not. So I am wondering if the battery is good or has to be replaced. This is my first smart phone so I am "DUH" on the usage. Oh on the PayPal issue I have been waiting almost a year to get money back from them and that money came from my bank account. I did not use PayPal for payment. So GOOD LUCK. I love Amazon they ROCK!!!!

the iphone 3gs is okay. the battery does not last long. i have to constancely keep it charged. i did receive the phone in a timely manner and the condition was good.

This has been my first i phone so it was a big step up from my last. Highly responsive, bright display, great to store music, finally I'm texting (!)- it's all good. Now that I've had it a bit and I watch my kid facetime on her ipod 4 (which this can't do due to no front facing camera) I realize an i phone 4 probably wouldn't have cost any more or much more. However, it's easy to put a non-contract month to month or pay as you go service on the 3GS, which is why we got it. You might be able to do this on an i phone 4, but the newer the i phones get the trickier the tech' gets to keep you from doing that. Worth 100 bucks for sure.

I had any problem with this order... Phone works as it should be! I recommend this order! I was afraid but now I can say go ahead and buy it

The phone cuts off at65 percent, the camera doesn't work. I'm very disappointed in the phone. It's supposed to be a phone in good condition, it's not!

I Just received the product, but i am really unable to know if it is working. The SIM CARD TRAY is missing. I can not insert the SIM CARD.Amazon adressed the issue ok so far.

horrible. it doesn't even work. no charger and little description about what is in the box of my package. the user only took a picture on the back instead of the screen. i knew something was fishy. don't even know how to return it to get my money back!!!

come early than expected and i got a new product, do not know its a used one and i need to buy 2 more

good afternoon I received the phone is locked does not recognize the card without my line is movistar sim trajeta says that is not compatible

Horrible reception. Poor GPS connectivity. Poor GPS accuracy. Constantly loses signal even when outside in a good coverage are. Overall poor phone quality. Although apps work great and makes for a great iPod.

The product that I received from this seller was non-functioning. I was promised a fully working iPhone 3GS 16g..however upon arrival I noticed immediately that the phone would not sync with iTunes. So I took it in to the Apple store, and they notified me that the internal antenna was broken.Complete waste of time and money. On top of that, I am still waiting for my refund.

my first 3G came severely discounted with the initial 2yr plan.  8mths later it was stolen.  i didnt realize i couldnt purchas another at the same 'discounted' price.  it was $3-400 to replace it.i got the identical phone through amazone for $150.  i've yet to tell any difference, other than i use my password lock and my "find my phone" app...after i was told by AT&T; and apple they 'couldnt trace' my original phone without it (which i dont believe).but either way...i'm 'older', not the most techy person, and probably i dont use the phone to its fullest potential, yet. but it serves my purpose thus far, and i have no complaints, yet.seemingly as with most smart phones, its made to be dropped (very slick and sleek) so i HIGHLY suggest purchasing some sort of silicone wrap for ease of grip or some 'hard cover' to protect it from when you drop it.its not a matter of IF, but when. the first one i didnt drop AT ALL for 8mths. i dropped the 2nd one twice in one week...but thankfully it was protected.

It's exactly what we expected. Works great and was in the condition it was supposed to be in according to the ad. This item was part of a customer service adjustment from Amazon due to an earlier order problem.

phone works just fine, just don't drop it from any, and i mean any, height without a protective cover on it first.  Dropped mine from 1 foot on to tile and the case cracked apart at the front and back seam.

Phone did not work it was junk could not get money back called and complained  they would not do anything about it

First of all the phone was not an iPhone 3GS , it is an iphone 3G instead.#2 I could not activate it for some reason by connecting it with iTunes , I've tried dozens of time unsuccessfullyDon't trust this buyer , all they care about is getting customers money

Love apple iphones, I've had 3.  bought this one as a gift to bring my parents into the technology era.

Very good phone.  16GB a big plus.  Would have given a 5-star rating if it wasn't for the slight slow down when running iOS6

my iphone is  working good but the power button is  acting  up but  everything  else is  working right thank you for the iphone

I ordered the 16GB model, but was sent the 8GB model instead. I contacted them via amazon, but haven't heard back from them since.If I wanted the 8GB model, I would have saved a lot of money and ordered it originally.

I like my Apple iPhone . This make me able to contact my friends in easy and fast way. The thing that I do not like is the sound of coming call that I barely hear the other side even I put the sound on high level. In addition, this cellphone has clear screen and all icons are under my touch. I showed this Apple iPhone to all my friends and they asked me from where I got it. They surprised that how much I saved because I bought it from Amazon.com, Thanks Amazon.com

Pros and consI will start with the cons:I forgot that the 3GS did not have siri. That was my fault, and because its an older model. and is on the newest firmware; the battery life is not all that great. 7 hours of use before it dies.Other reviews state that this company is shipping 3G phones instead of 3Gs.At first i thought the same thing until I called my carrear, and gave them the model number. They confirmed it was 3GS.Pros.Item arrived extremly quickly :-)As advertised it was brand new in box un-opened.  :-)With moderate use, without the use of GPS, or downloading apps. Canging settings from 3G to 2G noticably increases the battery life.Over all i am extremly happy with my purchase.

I purchased this item in good faith as new. It was anything but new. It was opened in my presence and half the screws were missing. It was a total waste of money.It has never charged regardless what was done. Totally dissattisfied

This product is disappointing. It is locked and has a big crack at the back. The OS is also ancient.

I got the phone in record time! When I first got the phone everything was as described, now when I got the phone and set it up it worked great, then it started shutting down by it self and wouldn't turn back on unless I plugged it in, now as a technitian myself I new the battery was bad so I contacted the seller and he was very assertive and quick to fix issue, he offered to send me another phone but I couldn't be without my phone so, I told him I bought a new battery to put in it, so then he offered to refund the amount of the battery and shipping cost! He was very quick and responsive to my needs and I am very pleased. I also put new battery in phone works great! I am thinking of buying another iPhone 3GS for my mother and this company will be the one I most definitely will be going through hands down! Also the iPhone was packaged in original box with factory paperwork and the charge cable, and came with a otter box defender case and earphones! Very satisfied!

I've had factory refurbished items before and they did not come with the light scuffs and scratches on the screen (not enough to notice during use, but light scuffs all the same), and the apple ID and password alert continues to pop up with unfamiliar usernames. Other than that and a few light start up bumps, the phone works as good as new. Came with wall charger and cable. Delivered a day early. Would recommend to a friend.

My phone worked when I first got it after trying to update phone went dead now won't turn back on

Product was exactly as described.  There were no dents.  The housing reflected only light wear and tear and the screen itself was flawless.  The quality of customer service fell a bit short of 100%.  Otherwise, my rating would have another star.  From now on, I will stick to purchasing all accessories from the Apple store.

I would have given it a higher rating, but I had to get a SIM card Holder installed on the Phone. Other than that the phone seems to be working fine. Phone is in very good condition and was well packaged.

Worked good for one year it lasted and then it showed that what it means to buy a refurbished product!  Isn't this what is always expected with refurbished products.  Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.

I bought this phone used through the Amazon Warehouse Deals.  I wasn't expecting much, but I figured that if anything was wrong, I could simply return it.The box arrived in a few days, and I'm not exaggerating when I say that this phone was just like new.  It came in its original packaging, with all of the accessories and manuals, and there were no visible scratches.  The only thing that let me know that the phone was used was that the port where the charger goes and the speakers had gotten a little dusty.  So, in short, the phone arrived in like-new condition.As for the phone itself, it's worked fine for me so far.  I've been using it for about two weeks now, and I haven't encountered any problems.  The only complaints I have are about AT&T; and their service, not the phone itself.  It bears repeating that if you get this phone, it's not unlocked and you're stuck with AT&T.;  If you can make peace with that, and one is on offer from Warehouse Deals, I highly recommend getting this phone!

el proceso fue normal,  falto caja del celular y el auricular del equipo. Sin embargo el telefono llego en buenas condiciones

I am happy with this purchase. It was delivered on time. Though it was a used phone, it looked like brand new, wrapped in a plastic, screen in mint condition and hardly any scratches on the back cover. Included were a new wall charger, new usb cable and new headphone. It is functionally perfect, good network, holds battery for just over a day. Overall, a nice buy for the price.

iphone was in  a vary good condition. there vere no scratches. everything was included as it was discribed. i'm very setisfied with my purchase.

Product in good condition but incomplete, because i miss miss accessories had the doubt if so go on and buy it had bought a better one because i had to make additional spending

Yes, the used iPhone 3GS works the way it should. I actually received two for the price of one. Also, both iPhones works with any SIM card that I putted.

I used it for a long time until my friend sold me his iPhone 4. Now my sister is using my old 3GS. She absolutely loves it.  It came in perfect condition and was fast! I still wouldn't trade the 4 for the 3G but I loved the 3G non-the-less.

First off i put in my sim card and it wouldn't read it for like a whole night. it kept saying searching but wouldn't read it. When it finally read it the problem was it kept turning off randomly even though i was at 70% . Waste of $190

Ordered unlocked, it's locked by a French carrier and it has a water spot under the screen! Can't believe I fell for this! Don't do it!

I received this phone a few weeks ago and it has not been good. First when i get it out of the box the ringer/mute switch doesn't work, when the seller claimed it did. Then i find that the phone dies at 50% battery. The seller said they had no problems and it worked great. Well, mine doesn't sound like a very functional phone. I was indifferent about the broken mute/ringer switch, but then to only be able to use it for only 50% battery, is just really unusable as a phone, or even an iPod for that matter. Be careful and ask a lot of questions! Make sure you buy from a trusted seller.

So it's not the newest phone out there, so what. This phone was cheaper than getting an iPod of same GB size. It's an apple product so good support, good apps.

Awesome phone. It was neat and doesnt look like used. Easy to acivate and use. Never had issues with it till date. Highly recommended.

I brought as NEW and UNLOCKED for Christmas gift for my mom. It lasts not even a month. Completed OFF! We lost  great memories of my newborn baby . I just came from one local apple store and they said that the phone is NOT UNLOCKED AND IT IS NOT NEW either. It cannot be fix because is missing some pieces. -  I am very disappoited and sad.

I am very disappointed with this product. not because of physical appearance or whatever, but because of lack of arrival. It was supposed to get here by the 23rd of December, but I still haven't gotten it at the start of 2014. I wish I could give zero stars.

Overall, I changed my mind. While the phone wasn't as described, it's not bad at all. I do still have to clean it up a bit from the adhesive, but it's not a big deal, especially for such a low price. Customer service was excellent. The problem was resolved with a partial refund for it's condition, and I'm happy with that.

bid for the purchase of an iphone 3gs 16gb, and they sent me was a iphone 3g 16gb with case broken in one corner and locked when the advert says this factory unlocked and it is a 3gs

I bought this phone as being unlocked. It wasn't. I called at&t and they registered my simms card and went to turn it on. Nothing! Why? It needs a simms card with unlocked pin? At&T didn't know what I was talking about? Nice phone to look at. So I'm going to try to take it to the corporate At&t store and then probably to Apple Store. I will give a better review after I drive a hour to these stores. Check out my new review. Didn't have to drive. grreat Phone! clear reception and voice. No problems. Yes I woould recommend this seller 100%

Unfortunately, this did not turn out to be as good as originally thought.We discovered the phone would not hold a charge beyond a couple of hours, no matter usage time. Apparently the battery was bad, and we didn't want to invest the cost, which we understand is substantial, for having it replaced. Thank goodness for Amazon's excellent return policy.

Wish we had purchased 2 of these instead of just one. It has plenty of room to download several movies and shows for the grandchildren.

I'm happy with this phone. I really like the speed delivery of this phone. Finally I have an iPhone I love love using this

Totally Bummed....Was a Christmas present for my son and the letter 'E' doesn't work.  It now sits in the drawer..Useless!

The product was in good structure. I'm still not use it because in Brazil there is to unlock the current version of software.

Phone doesn't charge. When it is plugged in it is stuck in a loop. Tried to do recovery through iTunes app on computer and it failed before it even began. Worthless junk.

Absolute Value for money and this is what I expected from Amazon !.I received in neat packaging with all necessary accessories required.

I wouldn't even give it one star. I got this phone for my mother. She loved it but it wouldn't charge so had to send it back!

Had to take it to an apple store to get it to work.  They said it was so bad inside I should trade it in.So it cost me to get it fixed big time.  It was sold as refurbished, had to be a bold face lie.It's a wonderful product but the seller grossley misrepresented it.  Refurbished means it works right?

I love this phone  it's make my days. I am no longer feel lonely because I have friends near by me even though are far from me

The cell works well, however for some reason the charging is a problem. I have to charge while cell is off and it doesn't always work. I have to turn cell off and on several times before it will actually charge. I don't recommend this cell, their are so many more better cells than this one. Keep shopping.

)My mom bought it for me and their was no volume buttons and the home button isn't working besides that its good

Quality was as advertised. An unlock is required before you can use your own SIM. There were no significant scratches and the product was up to standards.

ok other than the 4s this is the most badassness phone you can hold. one thing i liked about this phone over the 4s was the way it feels. that curve round shape at the back oppose to the 4s box design. I actually would get a 3gs if it had a front cam and the same horse power as a 4s(some apps are really slow- see infinity blade) for the 4gs. With siri this phone is really great. It can hang in there with most devices released in 2010-2012. You can grab one online for about 50-100$ so you are saving money here if you prefer something small with a nice gribby design :-)

This phone is locked, and thats really a bad way to do business by displaying another label.I cannot afford to come back to US to send it back but I think this would serve as a reminder

We got this for our 15 year old for Christmas--his first phone.  He's as happy as a clam and so are we.  My only complaint against the iPhone is that the battery can't be replaced by ordinary humans.  But it does good stuff and it always works.

love the phone. I can hear others clear as a bell. Just received my phone this week.  The music is you can find is great.

Both the phones where in nearly new condition. However few days latter battery of one of the phone become like balloon and braking most of the internal parts. the front glass came out etc..

My iPhone works like new. It looks better than the description. Phone was unlocked, and ready to use! I love it. & I got it for a great price!!! I recommend it.

i wantto know if this phone is AT&T )) i want to bay it. please understand. thnx thnx thnx thnx thnx

The accessories did not work (hand free, the charger), I ought to replace new items. I am angry about that.

I bought this phone for my son as a tester to see how he would do with an &#34;expensive&#34; phone. It was cheap and worked just fine. It is obviously slower than the newer iPhones, but I wasn't ready to purchase one of those for my son just yet.

This phone was a replacement used by my daughter.When received she told me the phone wouldn't take andkeep a charge. I was told to put the phone on Airplane modeto charge. It never made a difference.

The product was exactly what I expected.  Very Pleased.  The phone came with all the original packaging and "how to" manual

I ordered this phone because my old LG prime's touchscreen was starting to become unresponsive. So, I thought why not try out the iphone 3gs, I'd heard good things about it, so I thought I would buy one. I choose to buy it online because everybody knows at&t's prices are ridiculous. So I bought the phone expecting not to get much for only $270. Boy, was I wrong. I got the phone in a nicely wrapped package and they even included a charger. Unfortunately, the phone was locked. But that was not a big problem, I took it to my nearest at&t store and got my number transfered to a new sim card for the phone. All in all I am very happy with my purchase. The phone only had a small scuff mark on the back and the battery is in marvelous condition.

i wish i had done this 2 yr back ,brand new phone ,stoned noke e5 ,samsung galaxy ( worse phone ) android sucks .every money tight should buy this phone .sound quality is not good as nokia and certain features are missing as comparison to new 4s siri dont works on it ,screen touch  is little slow to fluid flow  ,so buy a otter box case from amazon its dirt cheap too .so finally very glad i have finally what i wanted .loving it and it will go a long way with me until new iphone 5 came out .

excelentes 100% recomendados el paqueyte llego en el tiempo establecido y en perfecto estado.el cell trabaja perfecta mente y muy contento por la compra

I was real nervous about buying an iPhone that was refurbished on-line but I am glad I only paid $100 for this 3G it was a great buy.

i purchased this phone trusting that it is really unlocked. Apparently Amazon doesn't really check these things. I am outside the country now and cant make any calls as i keep getting invalid sim message. And then to make it worse,its a dead battery.Only a red battery line shows on the screen and this makes the phone trip off after 2 minutes. I'm so sad

Its a very good phone. The applications that comes in it are great. It help me to get organized: the clock with the convinience to set different alarms, the calendar for the appointments, the camera and the application to write notes. Those are my favorites. Another favorite is the ease to download applications like the Bible (daily devotional) and the calorie counter and GPS.My only disappointment was that  it came with a crack in the back side of the phone (about an inch of long!). Its not noticeable since I use it with a cover.Otherwise I would have rated it with 5 stars.By the way I was wondering if it would work in Puerto Rico with Net 10 phone service... yes it does!

its automatically turns off . i tried to charge but its still doing.  every day its turning automatially and does not turns on.. i wait that 15 minut.. :(

We had to go get another batter for it and after battery installation, it never worked very well.  Always needed to be plugged in.

I look for an unlocked iphone and this was not. The article said iphone 3gs yet sent me an iphone 3g and I did not pay for it .... this is not right and it is wrong because it is a deception.

Works well except for the battery which doesn't hold a charge well. Loses power much more quickly than other 3GS units I've owned. Shuts off with ~15% left. Yes, i calibrate the battery regularly. It doesnt help. Based on its shaky battery life and power quirks, I don't think this phone will be working much longer, so I feel a bit cheated.

The iPhone was fine. It works and is in good condition but one major thing was wrong with this product!!It was categorized under 'unlocked phones' but when I received it, it was clear that it was LOCKED! I had so much trouble with this phone and to sell a product that is different from the description on such a crucial feature is very very WRONG!

This is a great starter phone ,It came within a week and was in excellent condition My brother will have a blast with it

Only after one month the IPhone would no longer charge properly. I have to reset the phone every time I need to charge it. And the charge cord lasted half as long before it fell apart. Over all I love the phone and it was like new when it came in. Highly satisfied.
