
is an excellent phone. super fast and sharper HD. I would totally recommend. good horns. screen with good resolution. works well on WiFi and GPS

Trully the best phine that i ever bought till now. the best, i can make a lot of things without lagging right now i'm using the phobe to wrwite this review.

I've had this phone since the second week it came out. I'm on my second one already (ended up going through 4) because of all the problems it has. I've done everything the manufacturer and T-Mobile has asked me to (upgrade to Gingerbread and full reset) and I'm still experiencing all the same problems.What problems am I referring to? The phone has a MAJOR known issue that most G2X owners experience and that is the fact that the phone completely shuts itself down (yes even with a full battery) sometimes it will reboot itself, but most of the time it does not. You may be on an important phone call such as a doctor or a business client and the thing will just shut off. Boot up is slow so to return a phone call that has dropped from a shutoff takes awhile.The dual core processor and the 4G network drains the battery super fast, so if you own one it's best to turn on the function that runs the phone on 2G.Another problem I've experienced is the LCD freezes up if I'm on an extensive phone call which makes multitasking impossible (especially conference calls) and the only way to end the phone call is for the other caller to hang up and then take the battery out and reboot the phone again.The operating system has its own issues. Many of the preinstalled apps will "Force Close" and cannot be accessed at all until you again turn the phone off, take the battery out, and then reboot the phone again.LG continues to insist they are working on these known issues, but the phone was released in MAY! Almost 6 months later and still not fixed? Shame on LG for releasing such garbage before these major bugs were fixed. T-Mobile refuses to give me a handset from a different manufacturer (except the Sidekick which I do not want) since it is a manufacturer issue. They all keep giving me the same response (the manufacturer is currently working on the known issues)

if there are any positive reviews about this phone it's only because they are premature, i.e. the reviewer JUST got it and hasn't learned what a piece of s*** is yet. it freezes, terrible lag, randomly shuts off, randomly heats up inside your pocket, internet is slow as molasses. terrible battery life. i hate it.

Ive had this phone since September. It freezes. It has crappy battery life (only lasts about 2 and a half hours of fully charged at first. ) I charge it all night and when I leave to go to school I unplug it. Its only on for about an hour after I unplug it. Then I turn it off all day untilled school lets out and I get on the bus for an hour and a half. It dies before I get home.it freezes A LOT. It doesn't connect to wifi for very long. Its annoying! ! If you want to buy a nice smartphone, I reccomend not getting this one. Its a waste of money

I got one of these early in the summer.  In its original incarnation, the phone had a lot of software and hardware issues.  The software update that came out in early August was a spectacular improvement.  It transformed the phone from an annoyance into something that is really a pleasure to use. T-Mobile took this phone off the market for a while over the summer, and I think the time was spent on tightening up quality issues.  I got two new G2Xs in mid-August and both are great phones.

Honestly, the best phone I have ever used!!! Gameing and web browsing is super fast. The picture when your watching movies is Crystal Clear. The only thing I have ever had a problem with was the original operating system had too many bugs. Once you do the update to gingerbread the phone works PERFECT! I have had it over 7 months and still love it. Way faster than the EVO and I like it better than the thunderbolt. Also it is very simple to root.

its nice battery  problem only 50 weeks then only one day to chargebut good for me..i like it gooood

its amazing how some people say the phone is crap and other people say it's great, we have had nothing but positive things to say about it.Gave it to my wife for her first android smart phone.She reminds me how much she likes it.battery last long, very fast, feels good in your hand, the only thing I can get a negative is that it needs a message light.don't get hung up on software updates 2.3 .5 works great.Have added 400 songs I'm still have 4gig to go on memory.hotspot and wifi works perfect.after researching just about all phone this 1 seems like the best deal.Enjoy it. We do.

I don't normally write reviews but this phone has been such a problem I had to write one as a warning. Both me and my husband got this phone about 3 months ago and both have been nothing but trouble ever since. My husband has replaced his twice because the first two phones simply didn't work at all. Both our phones regularly freeze and reboot. Mine has started making a noise similar to old TV static instead of the usual noises (ringtone, etc.). I would avoid this phone like the plague. I would get rid of mine except it was very expensive and I foolishly signed a contract with the carrier. To be clear this review is for the phone in general which I purchased through T Mobile and not about any particular seller on Amazon.

Had this phone before but i lost it. I purchased it again and it is a solid phone. The Phone needs to be restarted every so often but ive never had any issues with it. i have actually dropped the phone a few times and it is really well built.

I've had this phone for probably 6 months. I have three friends who own the exact same phone. Of these four phones: one has a shattered screen, one's been dropped in the toilet (I don't even want to begin guessing how), and all have been dropped multiple times. They all still work. I got mine for free off of a T-Mobile deal. I wouldn't pay the $300+ for it, but then again, I'm just not that type of guy.Works decently. Mines probably frozen probably 5-10 times, but nothing a quick removal of the battery can't fix. :) It's much more interesting once rooted. Mine has some minor scratches on the GORILLA glass (am I just that skilled?) but with a good screen protector it's been fine. One irritation is that I can't tether successfully. Did it once when I first got it, and then no such luck.Battery lasts a day with mild use. One of my friends carries two. Sorry, guys, but if you find a week long battery life, let me know. This phone doesn't have it.If you're gonna get this phone for free: YES, GO FOR IT!If you're gonna buy this phone... eh. Keep looking.It's at least durable...

I've had 1 for 4 days and 1 for 2 yrs and these phones suck. The 1st one froze a lot and eventually refused to boot up again. Got it replaced with another g2x.  The rest of this review describes the 2nd g2x.  Never buy one.  It will give you hell, I promise.  Don't know where to start.  It lags too much.  Slow as hell.  Slow when synching your car.  Slow when skipping tracks via the steering wheel controls.  You have to power cycle it on average once a day to get reasonable speed.  Apps will force close a lot especially the ones with regular use.  Sometimes when U call someone the screen fades to black after it dials the number.  You can't hang up cuz the screens black.  Calls drop regularly.  You have to take the battery out and put it back in bc it freezes too often. It shuts off on its own.  Those positive reviews are probably real salesmen or people who've had them for a week.  Don't believe everything they say.  They are crooks and don't know a damn thing they're talking about.

I've had this modke for about two years so when it stopped functioning properly, I thought it would be easier to just get another and not have to learn a new one. I had all the accessories and extra batteries. I'm not sure how the presets were different, but it took almost twelve hous and two calls to LG to get  it to see the data and download. Could call and get online but couldn't download the apps.  Had the return page up to request a return but It finally started working after changing the network mode to GSM/WCDMA auto. Now we're back in business and they get four stars for their fast shipping and, aside from the time spent fighting with it, I still love is phone.  Thanks

It's a really bad phone. It only lasted for 1.5 years. I've had so many problems with this phone. Sometimes it's just turned off on its own. When you use the GPS, the phone became very hot. Every time I plug my car charger, the phone also became very hot. I have to take out the battery every single time and let it cooled off for a couple minutes. Then one day while I charged the phone at home, it became hot and then it's completely dead. Do not buy this phone.

Ordered my phone after looking at for a couple days,am very impressed by the quality of the phone, arrived on time and am loving it

I was NOT packed in bubble wrap. So during shipment. The inside were shaking/moving. So far it works well. As advertised. Happy with my order. Thanks!!

This phone out of the box is flashy light and slim. The camera works great minus the flash doesn't always work well. It has issues with signal and data. Unless you have full bars of 4g and even then its shotty. The WIFI is not very good and doesn't matter what wireless router or signal strength it will be hit or miss. The screen is beautiful and graphics are great. The worst thing about this phone is there is no update from LG for it and no support. We have owned many cell phones and this one by far is the worst one yet and no matter how hard you try; you will get no help from LG what so ever. Last LG I will buy.

Item came promptly, in exact condition as described. Very happy with this purchase. I haven't put the phone down yet!!!!OVERALLIf you want an affordable smart phone and like me, don't care for Apple products, this is the phone for you.Make sure to have an app killer installed though--sometimes apps go crazy in the background and will freeze up the phone, but if you clear the RAM using a specified app you won't have any problems.I am running Android 2.3.3 and it seems like I can't update it further. Still a great phone and I hope to have it for a long time.

This phone is fast, the GPS works very well, the camera takes good photos. The screen is excellent.This phone should be the best phone on the market. This phone just unacceptability buggy, even with the latest update, the stability of the operating system is a disgrace. Common problems I've experiences, are unresponsiveness requiring removing of the battery to restart the phone. Issue with the battery suddenly draining with in a couple hours without having left any applications running.

Well the product it's OK, the assitance is excelent, but I had a complain about the description of the product on amazon, It have to be with the full specification of the product, including all band celphone had.

If your considering getting  the tmobile g2x go for it. It's a great phone really fast and has a great deal of battery life. I honestly can compare this phone to the iPhone 4 pretty much does the same and has the same apps !! Hope I made it easier for you to choose GOd BLess : )

I got this phone and I love it.I best thin I did for a upgrade.I will refinanced to anybody.good phone alot of stuff in the phone android 4G.

Been running 4.1.1 on this for a while. Custom ROM (JB, but older). Solid, love the functionality. Could be speedier, but it's now an &#34;older&#34; phone, so what to expect? Overall does all that I need and does it well with some custom apps. Even today, for the price, this phone is worth every penny.

nice but too old of a model..wound up getting a Galaxy through tmobile  awesome phone very easy to use and fast!!

The phone has good features, but it will randomly turn off on me!! I would NOT buy this phone. Save yourself the hassle of dealing with annoying glitches. Also, the camera is TERRIBLE. The flash doesn't light up the photo right, and it is definitely NOT 8 megapixels.

I've had my G2X from the year it first launched and when it finally gets beat up to the point where I need a new one (I'm rough on phones), I order the same one.  No upgrading or changing for me.  It works nicely.  Never have trouble!!

Extremely fast!  Packaging was generic, not expected for a new (not refurbished) product.  However, the phone works great!  Would recommend this phone to anyone.  There are some pre-installed apps but for the most part vanilla android.

i have this phone for 2 year now and it fail total. It now in a infinite loop start up and shutting down without a solution.Sense the screen was crack i can't send it back for a replacement. This is not the first time i had this issue but i was able to send it back  to get replace. but now i can't do anything about it that why i have to buy a new phone now.

This will be the second time that I've had one of these phones! I had the HTC G2 First and that's what made me get the G2X because I really liked the phone. But I'm having some issues with it's freezing a lot And not allowing me to press anything on the touch screen. I've been reading the reviews and it looks like an update is what made it work better. as far as I know it's not been updated yet and it does not have gingerbread. Now when I have it the first time before i gave it back, it gave me problems and I sent it back,but it work way better before. I think it may have had an update on it. Now both times buying it it was brand new still in the box... said to only have been used a few times to none. I'm hoping someone sees this and can help me as far as an update is concerned. I really like the phone and I'm trying to keep from sending it back but if I have to I will. Others then the freezing issues and me not being able to push the screen, it's a great phone it takes nice pictures and it does everything I needed to do.

I have owned my G2x for over 2 years. Overall, it was one of the best phones I have owned but has some serious drawbacks worth noting.Pro(+) Con (-)+Dual camera+Great camera+HD screen+Very fast when new-Slows down terrible with age-Front camera is garbage-Internet browser is bad-Scratches and dings very easily-HDMI port on top is also useless, just a selling point never needed-Camera is good but slow-Gets extremely glitchy with ageOverall the phone does the basics well as long as you haven't owned it long. I never loaded tons of apps nor ever use it nonstop the phone just is not made to last. Now the phone has a cracked screen and cannot send texts due to its extreme glitches. It refuses to connect to service when needed, browser kicks you out while loading, and certain apps will force shutdown the phone. I can't complain though, it has lasted 2 years and hasn't kicked the bucket yet.

The T-Mobile G2x (or in other countries, the LG Optimus 2x) has kind of a troubled history.  It launched with FroYo (in spring 2011, no less, which is pretty crummy) and it wasn't exactly a solid phone.  Lots of trouble reported around the web with lock-ups and freezes and random rebooting and so on and so on.  I don't doubt any of that stuff.I got this phone right after 2.3.3 released last summer.  It wasn't exactly stellar, but it was good enough. I experienced a very rare random reboot and very occasional lock-up.  Super rare, and not necessarily an indicator of the software.  Still, reports of that behavior abound on the internet with the 2.3.3 Gingerbread update.And then in April, LG/T-Mobile released a 2.3.4 update.  And wowza.  Totally solid phone.  In the 2 months since the update, I have never experienced a crash.  I don't believe I had any random reboots, though I guess it might have done it in the middle of the night.  Never once during the day when I was using it or needed it.  I'm finally really impressed.  So let's quit talking about software and get to hardware.The screen is the first thing you'll notice, and it's gorgeous.  4", 800x480 resolution, IPS display.  IPS is one of the higher-quality LCD technologies out there, with very wide viewing angles, accurate color reproduction, and bright backlights.  It has all of that.  The screen, in fact, is what sold me on this phone in the first place. The body is sturdy and solid-feeling, as well.  The screen is covered in glass, there's a metalic trim on the sides, and a soft-touch rubberized plastic battery door.  The volume/power buttons are solid and tactile, and pressing them is easy without being out of control.  It has 2 cameras, one front-facing (which is good enough for skype) and a really nice 8MP camera on the back with LED flash.  Pictures are great, you know, for a phone.  It replaced my Nikon point-and-shoot 8MP camera since the photos are basically the same to my eyes, but if you want dSLR quality, get a dSLR.  Duh, it's a phone.After that is the engine running this ship, an nVidia Tegra 2 SoC and 512MB of RAM.  The Tegra 2 is as fast as any other 1GHz dual-core CPU, and the ultra-low-voltage GeForce GPU is quite sufficient for all your gaming wants and needs.  Where it falls a little short is the 512MB of RAM.  Occasionally if an app runs wild, the phone will sputter.  Zynga's games are the worst offenders I've found; Words and Scramble both use around 40MB when they're idle.  Totally unacceptable, honestly, and because they dont' get along with the phone I removed them.  If the phone had 768MB of RAM (like the MyTouch 4G and MyTouch 4G Slide) it'd be a different story, or if it had 1GB like the Motorola Atrix (the other Tegra 2 phone that came out in early 2011) it'd be a total non-issue.  512MB of RAM is plenty most of the time, though.The phone has 8GB of storage total, with 1.45GB partitioned off for app storage (which is plenty), 3.7GB set aside as the "SD Card" (internal storage), and the rest eaten up by Android's system, cache, and boot partitions.  So 5.25GB of space available to the user, and a micro SD slot that supports micro SDHC cards, so you can have another 32GB of space if you so choose.  My phone came with an 8GB SD card for a total of 16GB of storage, but if you buy used I would not count on getting that bonus.Call clarity is great.  The speaker gets relatively loud before it distorts.  I can hear people well, they can hear me well, and that's either using the handset or the speaker phone.  It has Bluetooth but i have not used it.  It also has micro-HDMI output for playing videos or games on your TV, and the phone came with a cable, but I have not made use of it yet.The phone has been discontinued but it's well worth getting. Finally.  The only way you're going to get nicer off-contract is to spend twice as much money on a MyTouch 4G Slide, or even more on a Galaxy S II or HTC One series phone.  I can't say enough.  I'm using it with the $30/month Monthly 4G pre-paid plan (I don't need more than 100 cell phone minutes, but I want the data coverage and Android OS).  Cell network speeds in my area are fast enough - this gets the same bandwidth in the same places as my wife's LG Optimus T, which varies anywhere from 6.8mbit to next-to-nothing out in the middle of nowhere.  Dropped calls are a non-issue with the phone. Reception si as good as my old phone (a cheapy java phone) or my wife's phone.I think that covers it.  It gets an unqualified thumbs-up from me as of mid-April 2012.  Previously it might have been a little hesitant, but I'm glad I've stuck with it.

When I first got this phone, it would constantly shut down on me and I would be forced to take out the battery.  I thought that the Gingerbread update would fix everything for me, but the phone still has some issues.  Sometimes when you press power to wake up the phone (when it isn't shut down) it will be unwilling to show you the screen.  The fixed icons at the bottom will light up, but it won't work.  Only be holding down the power button and shutting the phone off and then restarting fixes this.  It also seems to happen at the most inconvenient times.  Another issue is that after the Gingerbread update, the phone has issues with the proximity sensor during phone calls.  Normally the proximity sensor shuts the screen off when you hold the phone to your face so you don't accidentally press keys with your face.  When you move the phone away it should show the screen again.  Quite regularly it just won't show the screen again after you move the phone away from your face. Normally you can press the power button to show the screen (while your call is in progress) but sometimes even that doesn't work and you need to manually restart the phone.  Another HUGE issue I have noticed after the Gingerbread update is that the GPS basically doesn't work anymore.  I pretty much can't use Navigation period.  Also the camera app after Gingerbread has gone WAY downhill. I seriously wish I had never upgraded to Gingerbread.  Do yourself a favor and get a phone that isn't made by LG and also stay away from any Tegra based phones since they won't release their drivers for their A2DP stack.  Go with Qualcomm or TI based phone.

Least expensive in category, but one of the best. Fast, responsive, Wi-fi calling is great feature, let's you make phone calls where no reception, but Wi-Fi is available and Saves you minutes.

Two major complaints - The screen bleeds light. The device randomly reboots. I wouldn't throw this device under the bus if the problem was simply that I'd received a lemon because that happens. If you do a search, however, you'll find this to be a common complaint for this device & one I've experienced a few times personally. What's more, the screen's resolution and vividness isn't up to par for an HD device.An expensive, dual core, HD phone should have either a higher resolution or an AMOLED screen. This phone is out-classed by it's other dual core, HD competitors.This high-end device is stuck on Android 2.2 (Froyo) in spite of never ending claims that it will get 2.3 (Gingerbread).I purchased this phone 2 weeks ago and I'm already on my 3rd device because of the screen bleeding light and device rebooting. If it weren't for these two issues, this would be a wonderful smartphone. ...but then, if I had wings I could fly.To T-Mobile's credit, instead of giving customer's a hard time, the company acknowledge the issue and willingly & swiftly replaces the faulty units whilst taking up the quality issues with LG. T-Mobile is handling this issue in a timely, fair & professional manner.If you seek a dual core HD device from T-Mobile, I suggest you go for HTC's Sensation 4G. Do a side-by-side comparison on gsmarena. It has a bigger screen with more pixels (qHd). It shoots 1080p at 30fps, instead of G2X's 24fps. It comes with Android 2.3. It has 250 more mb of RAM.

I chose to buy this phone from Amazon because I thought i would get the best if I spend my money on something I like, that was why one can not rate a purchased product immediately after you purchase it, no wait for some weeks, i purchased this phone from Amazon but it was not a new phone but when i found out, it was late, and i was so desperate to have or replace my phone back, there was no manual book, the little book i found gave direction on how to download the manual online, the battery was a replaced one and you could tell the edges can not cover really good because it was over the size of the phone, the charger was a replacement charger it is not working till today, i became so angry when the nuts at the back cover started falling out, the most painful thing was that, i went to switch to another phone company, they told me my phone is not unlocked phone.  I will never buy anything again in my life from Amazon, i will make sure my family and friends wouldn't buy from Amazon again, there are so many online retailers in this country. Amazon Shame shame shame!!!!

This phone is great, a nice size and easy to touch and drag.  It came ready to go for my sim card and even had the hdmi cable in it.. love it

Wow this phone is awesome, it was sent to me fast,it was in spanking new condition,it looks great, feels great, & works great i had this phone for almost 5 months & i havent had 1 problem yet. I even accidentally dropped my phone out side all night during a storm (i have a case that covers the back of my phone) it was soaked & still had power. that was a month ago & the phone is still normal. I LOVE this PHONE!

I just bought a brand new T-Mobile G2X smart phone from ABe's.  The first day of using it, it was freezing up.  Every time I charged it, within 15 minutes the phone would go dark and freeze and the only way to unlock it was to remove the battery.  It freezes from time to time when I am on a phone call.  I went out to the LG Forum and many G2X users have had this problem.  What a piece of JUNK.  I should have bought the Galaxy S 4G.Don't buy anything from ABE's.  They have been HORRIBLE to work with in getting me a refund.

The product is good, but it's not fully unlocked like they claim. I bought two of these as  gifts for family in the Caribbean, and both people complained that the phone is not working , they are unable to connect to the internet etc.. a bit disappointed that they may need to spend extra to go and unlock it again... and to clarify the phones were never reset or anything that would make them revert.

I've had this phone for about 2 months, and it runs everything I throw at it without a problem. It's ability to connect to my wifi makes it so I even have awesome reception while in my basement and other general no service areas.  The phone is also bigger and more impressive looking then the vast majority of it's competition including the obvious one.

Some people own the item for few weeks, days, or sometimes hours, and they write a review which either way will not be convincing to me. I had the LG google G2X for almost 5 months, and I do not recommend it for several reasons:1- The camera is not good enough as I expect from 8 MP camera (the 5 MP on the Galaxy is much better), although the video camera is not bad if the light was enough.2- After you dial the number and get connected, it is very hard to dial an extention number because the touch sreen kind of freezes even though I tried to change the settings not do so. The technology behind that is for you not to dial more number by accident by touching the screen. If you are dialing international number using a phone card that will be very frustrating sometimes. I contacted the seller from the biggining but he wanted to charge me a lot of return fees and shipping fees, so I kept the phone and I thought may be I will learn how to deal with it. I would like to mention that I am very comfortable dealing with the new gadgets and technologies.3- Does not support a lot of languages at least to read web pages on the net ( for example I can't read an email was written in Arabic or an arabic web page on facebook).4- A little bit heavy comparing to others. But maybe feels sturdy.5- If you buy from amazon.com the best thing to do is to buy items are sold by Amazon only. Their return polocy is excellent especially if you are Prime member. A lot of other sellers have shipping time much longer, and the return polocies will push you to change your mind to return it because it will cost you a lot, just like what happened to me with the seller Wissamelectric which I will never buy from him again. He tried to discourage me not to send the phone back by putting all these fees.Of course the phone has a lot of good features as smart phone but all listed in the description. Over all I won't buy it again or recommend it for a friend.

This phone Burned my SIM Card in about 1 hour.  Just google LG G2 or G2x problems  or G2 Invalid SIM Card you'll know.Charged the phone put in my Good SIM Card, SIM was recognized and everything was FINE. Decided to play with my settings and playstore etc. About an hour later I noticed a message on my home screen that said &#34;Invalid Sim Card&#34;, I did not touch my SIM tray since I put in my SIM and this SIM wouldn't work in any phone, Called in my carrier who said the SIM  should be FINE.LG should have NEVER released this phone to Public, even if they did, They should have RECALLED by now.It seems G2 and G2x have this SIM Problem from Day One.

This phone does not live up to how it is promoted.  My husband has a cheapLG that will run on 3G and this phone is advertised for 4G but wouldn't evenrun at 2G.  The Seller was very easy to work with and I would not hesitate tobuy from them again.  They sent me an email to see if I was satisfied withthe product and did not hesitate to give me a full refund when I asked for it.

I used this phone just sometimes since it wasnt for me, but in the time used it works awesome its really fast and the graphics are really good. It has all that you can expect, the hardware is better than others similar phones.

I am loving this phone.It takes very good pics/videos.The processor is fast and android platform give alot of options for apps.Internet browsing is excellent.No faults with phone so far!!

This LG phone is a low end 4g device, but works decent.  I knew what I was getting so not disappointed at all with the purchase, timing for it's arrival, or anything.  I had everything from previous phone and just wanted it, the G2x, back so I would not have to buy all the accessories for a different phone again

Purchase of a rooted used G2X, as I wanted to upgrade past Gingerbread 2.3.4, wasn't familiar with how to root, so I went with Constellation Leo's rooted phone over many other similarly priced.  I asked him to put different ROM than his for purpose of upgrading OS and keeping google related stuff I rely upon.  Arrived in better shape than expected.  Seller was very flexible, helped me learn rooting/flashing and took to FedEx (used my account no.) at my request.  Phone unfortunately lacked latest baseband update from mfr needed to solve bugs in latest available, otherwise unbuggy third party ROM I requested he install, attempted to upgrade to Jelly Bean/ICS.  We are working on that (getting stock ROM, updating manually, etc), reinstalling third party ROM etc. so more work than hoped for to get what I need, but seller very attentive to my particularities, emailed me many helpful links and even offered to have me return phone at his expense to do it himself.  Couldn't ask for better service.  Strongly recommend this seller.

SUPER PHONE OF SUPER PHONES! Why only 3 stars? Well, there are plenty of functionality issues.  It took me a few hours to read around and get the phone to function as it should have out the box.  To break it down, I will list the problem and tell you what I had to do to fix it. 1. Android 2.2 was horrible - Upgraded to 2.3 through LG Mobile Support Tool on LG website 2.  Wifi would not connect at all - Downloaded FXR WiFi fix and rescue App, 3. GPS did not find any satellites - Downloaded GpsFix(paid version)App, free version has invasive adds.  4. Since I use Simple Mobile the APN would jump back to T-Mobile settings - Downloaded APN Manager to delete T-Mobile APN.The first and last ones are on me.  Yet, Wifi & GPS is a must for any phone that is supposed to be smart. 5 stars if I didn't have to do anything. 4 would make people think it was a preference issue versus hardware issues.  3 is what I got out of the box, plus had to pay for an app to make it function properly.  After all the issues being fixed it is a 4.5 phone.**BATTERY LIFE IS GARBAGE!** - Downloaded Green Power PREMIUM (Free app is too limited to see results), took me two days to adjust it perfectly.  Went from requiring to be plugged in ever 4+ hours to 8+ Hours with normal activity.

Phone is very nice but Net 10 sucks. Tried for 3 days to get a live customer service rep. I bought the phone through Net 10 and found out they only have a 7 day return policy, all the other Cell Phone companies give a 30 day money back.

Great seller...got the phone and perfectly working and sorted out the problem with my previous phone. Hope to buy something in future

this is a super excellent phone.$$$...size...web...camera...my wife like it a lot. because the size is easy to hold it.$$$ is normal cheaper.web super fast.camera very clear.

just what the doctor ordered!Compact, sytlish, and universal tasking capabilities.Great for on the go in your pocket device......

had 2 weeks and in that time froze up always shut down and after 2 weeks completely froze up and is worthless ... absolute garbage waist of money

I purchased this phone recently after breaking my last one.  Admittedly the phone does occasionally freeze.  The battery does not last long unless you get a power management app, and the phone does get rediculously hot when charging the phone, using the GPS or any combination of the two.  However I've found that shutting the phone off at night and turning it on in the morning helps to alleviate the freezing problem.  Also if you can't shut it off all night, shut it down for 5 - 10 minutes int the mornning.  Other than that the phone is awesome!!!  lightning fast!  Faster than some of the newer phones coming out now.  Internet is blazing fast as well as app downloads.  the screen resolution is outstanding as is the sound quality, WIFI, and Tethering (you can wirelesslly tether to your laptop or simply use the phone as a wifi hotspot(*best option).  Laptop will operate at normal wifi speeds)  All in all the phone is much better than some of it successors and will hang with most android phones on the market today.  It is a bit pricey @ 240+/- but still a great product.

This phone is fast and powerful, dual core processor and 4g, best bang for your buck if you want something under 250, but it does not have android 4.0 or above, thats why I took one star off. I highly recommend this.UPDATE: I sent this phone in for some warranty repair and LG DID NOT fix it, so I waste my money, it did not have any physical damage or anything, so, I will never buy another LG product again!!!

I had some major complaints when this phone was still running 2.2 Froyo, had to leave GPS off to keep from getting random reboots and it had issues with overheating. Then came the 2.3 Gingerbread update and I could leave GPS on without reboots. The overheating/lockup situation got better. Then I installed EagleBlood, a ROM based on Cyanogenmod 7 and the phone is absolutly amazing! Super fast/responsive with the same or better battery life. I realize loading different ROMs is not for everyone but if you are comfortable with it this phone will scream!

I got this phone in an upgrade on 10/14. I only had 2 weeks to swap it if I needed to, so as soon as I got home, I began HEAVY usage of the phone. I did experience a few of the known issues (random reboots & frozen screen), so I took it in to exchange for another one. On the second phone I got on 10/21, I have not experienced any problems what so ever! The phone is absolutely amazing! It sounds to me that with this phone, its kind of the luck of the draw? Or quite possibly, operator error? I am a bit of a tech geek and I love to push my devices to the limits. In the 3 weeks that I have been using this phone, I have rooted it and tried several different custom ROMS & Kernels. Like the previous review said, rooting phones is not for everyone. However, I am willing to bet that my G2x is faster than 98% of smart phones on the market today. I have put this phone through EXTREMELY HEAVY use and overloaded it many times and it continues to live up to every challenge I throw at it. My fiance also got the G2x on our upgrade. She has not experienced any of the problems and did not have to exchange it for a new one. Her first phone is running stock and operates beautifully. I also have a friend with this phone, he was experiencing all of the same issues. He rooted the phone and put a custom ROM on it, and ALL of the issues disappeared. So my suggestion to any consumer looking into buying this phone is this. I highly recommend the phone to anyone. You will enjoy it MUCH MUCH more if you are tech savvy and will be rooting the device. Use it as much as possible within the 1st 2 weeks so you can find any issues and exchange or return it before the 2 weeks is up. I absolutely love this phone and I think most anyone with a hint of technical common sense would too!

Perhaps I got lucky because I haven't had much trouble with this phone. The primary features of the phone are as follow:Super fast due to the Tegra 2 SoC which is a dual ARM Cortex A9 CPU with an Nvidia GeForce ULP GPUScreen is very clear and bright with vivid coloursFeatures an 8MP camera that takes good quality pictures compared to other phone camerasSupports 1080p video recording and playbackDecent battery life (with moderate use, it easily lasts me a full day)The reason I give it a 4 star rating is because I did have some troubles with the Wifi connection flaking out. When I first set it up, it worked fine but then after some time it just couldn't reach any servers, despite Wifi being connected. After playing around with it a bit, I found a solution by disabling the mobile data connection (not sure if this is truly necessary) and configuring the Wifi settings using a static IP and manually setting the default gateway, subnet mask and DNS. It seems that when using DHCP over Wifi, the G2x doesn't use the router assigned DNS and therefore cannot connect to any servers unless you type in the actual IP address. I don't know if this is because of a software bug or if it's my, admittedly cheap, router's fault. Something to keep in mind if you have this particular issue.As far as the other problems I've read about, I haven't experienced any of them. No light bleed from the screen and no random reboots. I read somewhere that Cyanogenmod actually fixes the reboot problem on affected phones so that might be something to try if you are having that issue.Overall I am very happy with the G2x. It's a nice phone in my view because I have been fortunate enough to not have the problems others have had.

Lost money. I connected the phone to the pc through and the LG update program informed me that you had to update it. I pressed the OK button, I began updating and blocked in the middle of the process. Now no lights, not updated and I can not recover the previous configuration.

I have had my G2x 14 months now and had no serious problems. I have removed the battery twice in that time to do a hard reset but that seems a very minimum amount of trouble to me. Screen resolution looks as good as the retina display on my iPod, it's more than fast enough on download/upload speed tests on T-Mobile's local 4G network, never a dropped call and call quality is excellent. I've downloaded many utility apps (no games) and use those as well as the browser/search features frequently. Also heavy usage with email and SMS texting.I rated it 5 stars because I am totally satisfied with the phone and cannot find any reason to change models until this one simply gives up.

The item is very good in its original packaging.Overall I am very happy with the G2x. It's a nice phone in my view because I have been fortunate enough to not have the problems others have had.

A good phone spoiled by T-mobile bloatware. If you use it as a phone, check you e-mail, and write some texts, the battery actually lasts more than a day.

Excellent phone for the price. There are a few caveats.1. The branded T-Mobile version of this phone doesn't work at all even if unlocked. The rom will reset the APN back to the default T-Mobile APN as soon as you exit and save it. It's a firmware issue.I use mine on NET10 and you have to select T-Mobile as the carrier to get 4G. You also have to set up a custom APN per NET10 instructions. I'm sure similar steps will be necessary for other carriers.2. If you intend to websurf, play hi-def 3D games, stream movies, or shoot videos you will definitely need to purchase additional batteries. I use an EZO 3500 w/cover and can play about 8-10 hrs.3. Load the LG support tool on your PC and update the product.Awesome phone for the price. Don't drop it ;-)

I had really high expectation to this phones. I did researches and chose it. I probably got a defective one which is returned. I don't want more people to be disappointed by this product.Pros:1. Not easy to operate 4 buttons wrongly2. Processor is fast and responsive3. T-mobile 3.5G(or 3.75G network which is called "4G") is fast, network plan is very affordableCons:1. Battery life is very short, dual-core processor is greedy.2. Screen is bad, bleeding is a problem and is also a universal problem for this phone.3. Awful camera. 8MP camera took underexposure photos. During the day photos are blur and dark, at night there is no photo to take. Very bad.4. The upper edge is a little bit too sharp for ear, I think it is uncomfortable5. Touch screen has missing touch. There is about 1-3% of touches are ignored(I think it is acceptable), the touch screen need to be more sensitive. The phone is really responsive, but I think touch screen is not that good.6. Bottom area is too big. Probably it is the problem that LG can't arrange parts so great.There are other people complain about dropping calls, I can't say anything about it. And I didn't meet restart problems either.I would just turn to Samsung, I don't want to get another like this from LG company.

The hardware in this phone is all top notch but somehow the phone is the worste I've owned. The phone freezes up on a regular basis. I've wiped the phone, the freezing and slow operation persist. I lost the phone, and recieved a replacement G2X in the mail. Same problems. The phone attempts to handle more proccesses than it is capable of.Pro: the camera takes great pictures.

Do not buy!  Just research &#34;g2x problems&#34; and you will see why.  Had phone for one day when it made a weird sound and rebooted never to be able to be turned on again.  An absolute lemon of a phone which resulted in a class action lawsuit against LG and TMobile.

I decided to write this review from a 14 year history technical standpoint.This is an awesome phone, it has and does just about everything you would want a smartphone to do. However, there are some things about it that can really get on a person's nerves. I at first however thought it was a flaw with the actual phone, so I sent it in for a new one of the same kind and have the exact same issues. So, the cons are with the phones actual design and I believe I have come up with ways to help make working this phone easier.Pros:- LONG battery life, you can multitask the **** out of this phone and the battery lasts forever.- Does just about anything: videos, audio, advanced apps, access to the Market, etc.- Apps work GREAT on this.. the visuals are amazing along with the sound. However, don't download the "Advanced Task Killer" that will do bad things to this phone.- Wireless is great.. love the wireless (sometimes.. see the con about it below).Cons:- Shuts off periodically for several reasons: updating, overheating, freezing, etc.FIX - shut the phone off periodically a couple times a day and reboot it. It will also greatly help if you make holes in the back of the casing, it will help the phone breath because it does run hot. I just took a box cutter to the back casing and cut out small long rectangular holes.- Flip screen does not always workFIX - again, shut the phone down and reboot it periodically.. using this fix will almost always solve the problems.- Wireless does not always work correctly.. meaning you'll be attached to a network signal, you'll get in your car and drive 10 miles and you'll still be attached to it and it messes with your signal.FIX - disable the wireless and turn it back on or reboot it.- Touch screen does not always work with "official numbers". Meaning if your phone has been on for quite a while and you call a number where you have to enter in your social security number and things like that, you will press the correct button but for some reason it doesn't send the correct numbers.FIX - for this you have to reboot it.Please don't get me wrong, there are many more pros than cons to this phone, but.. some of these cons can really piss you off at the wrong times. This is an awesome phone, I recommend it to all my friends that have T-Mobile. I do honestly believe though if you make it to where the phone can breathe more easily, it will eliminate about half your issues with it, because that's what I did with the new one I got and it shuts off has as much now.

I hate it .I used only one week.It isn't working anymore.i was cheated.i was cheated.i was cheated.i was cheated.

Had this phone since it came out and at the time I got it free with contract. Btw screw the contract bulsh*t. The phone is great honestly had never had any issues with it however there are a few drawbacks with it being that it is definitely aging. Such as there arent anymore updates for it I think, and stuck with 2.3.4 Gingerbread. Unless of course you root it and all that jazz which I did do to my phone but decided not to install any roms to get Ice Cream Sandwich or even Jelly Bean, which Im not even sure if this phone is able to get those upgrades. Before I rooted my G2x I did have a few problems with the phone freezing up and needing to take out the battery to reboot. MAYBE it could have fixed itself if I had given it time? I dont know but something like that is definitely irritating but not anything worth spitting on the phone over.Coming from a Droid I really miss having the LED notification light blinking and telling me I have a text or missed call. Sadly this phone (among so many others) dont have that function. Ohwell...Everything else Id say is very good as far as battery life: dont abuse apps and screen brightness and I get over 15 hours with normal usage.Screen brightness is very good. Call quality no complaints. People have said that speakers arent working properly or that only one is working... basically on the bottom of the phone, there is only one speaker and the other is the microphone. I can say that id like to see the loudness be a little better with the speaker such as with playing music, but that can be just my phone im not sure.Honestly I can sit here and type everything about this phone since ive had it forever but im not going to. Ive had no regrets with it and dont see myself having another phone for quite sometime. The poor souls who talk crap about it must have gotten a lemon in the first place.Rooting it is going to come in handy with this phone as well and can do many other things. The rooting process for this phone is very simple you should have no issues with doing it yourself.Also after rooting it, so far I have not had any issues with the phone freezing or needing to reboot it. And am sure other minor bugs can be fixed with doing this as well. Of course with this phone, there is so many apps that are garbage that you can do without. So once rooting, get rid of them and save up space on the device and save battery life and performance overall. Overall, Love my phone! Does not deserve anything less than good marks.

Phone was delivered on time, Brand new with new packaging, good Seller (The Wireless Circle). Will buy the same phone from the same seller again.The phone is a DUAL CORE phone (two chips), so EVERYTHING is processed faster. I have had a Quad Core computer for almost four years, and it still beats everything out there, so having more chips speeds up anything. 2012 will be the year of Dual Core phones, so this was slightly ahead of its time/future competitors. I chose this over a Nexus S and a Galaxy S II (all three unlocked) because this phone will do 98% of what those two phones will do at about 60% of the price!!! Great value for your budget.Tip: Get an unlimited data plan for this phone (from your phone carrier). It will soak up anything (data-wise) you can throw at it...already downloaded 400 megs in a day and a half of initial usage! And not one lockup or slowdown! Came with Android 2.3.3, so very happy with the software side of things...Battery: Get a bigger battery folks..this phone uses up battery power like you won't believe (on the standard battery). When you open the box, CHARGE it first for a few hours (overnight?), only then use it..then let the battery discharge all the way down to ZERO before you recharge it again...apparently these batteries need to be fully charged and fully discharged (the first 5-10 times) before they will accomplish their full range. The bigger battery (had to buy it seperately) charged up fine in the car from the cig lighter (3 hours). Turn the GPS off to save battery power. Already has a battery app on board, so you don't need another battery app.Phone: VERY easy to use, big large buttons. Hangup button is red (center button on screen) or you can configure the Power button to be the hangup button. MAKE SURE you turn OFF the mobile hotspot button otherwise you will be burning through your data plan. It defaults to ON when the phone turns on the first time (at least in mine).Texting: Easy to use buttons (on screen)..although the one complaint i have (andriod software) is that it constantly corrects names or words it doesn't recognise..you have to press the word that is all the way on the left side to let the word stay in the sentence/text (the one you just typed). On the other hand, it DOES suggest words as you are typing, so you don't always have to type the whole word.Internet/Data: You will be addicted to the speed of this phone! Enjoy!!!User Manual (in box). Good pictures etc, but i found the online manual MUCH more informative.Overall: GREAT PHONE for the price. Equals or beats most of the high dollar whiz bang phones out on the market now (Jan 2012) at about 60% of the price. Will be buying the 2nd one shortly (same seller).

i have this phone but even though it has allot of data,it freezes up if u have lots of apps

I just purchased it less than a day ago, but I am quick to figure out if something is going to work or not for me, if it keeps working the way it is, I will be a very happy owner.Pros:Download speedsScreen sizeWifi sharingBeing able to save some apps to your memory card (which will keep it running fast)ConsI know this is an android thing, but it always is running like 60 apps at a time, that I haven't even used!Lows down on regular wireless and at my home, but I live in a valley so that us expectedIt could have used some more convince buttons, for camera and stuffI hate the lock button, it should be it's own button.Battery life is blowing chunks! I am a heavy user and so it lasts about a day or a little less. I resolved this by spending $11 in total to buy a car charger and 2 extra wall chargers, one for work and one for my purse.

I have had this phone for 18 months, and I can't wait till my tmobile contract is up!  You have to be someone who is willing to Root your phone and be willing to flash new roms in order to own this phone.  In an effort to fix the freezing, constant re-starts and battery issues with this phone I have tried.Stock Rom-  Gingerbread 3.3 - constant freezing, crashing and frustrationCyanogenmod 7.1 - fixed the freezing and crashing issues, but YouTube and GPS didn't workStock Rom - Gingerbread 3.4 - from tmobile with new kernel.  Worked better than stock but not as smooth as CM 7.1 youtube and GPS work well.Cyanogenmod 7.2 and or nightlies - YouTube works well - GPS sometimes, however NO BLUETOOTH AUDIO!!!!  I now use a wired headset for this phone when I drive....  The phone still has strange issues that I can't tell are a network or a phone issue.  - issues uploading to Facebook, issues receiving MMS text messages etc.I have also tried MIUI and other custom roms and still have no bluetooth audio issues with the updated kernel.  These other ROMS don't seem to run as smooth as CM7 so that is why is stick with CM 7.Basically, don't waste your time - you get what you pay for!

the smartphone only work 2g network, in this time all the smartphone work in 3g y 4g, 2g is the network soo much slow.

I bought a used one for 200 last year, it lasted a year until I hurled it repeatedly into the wall last week. Now I am buying another 1. I had a simple hard rubber case and screen protectors that helped it remain in mint condition, though being dropped constantly. Despite the camera flash only working sporadically after the phone updated itself, it is very reliable has excellent cameras Great HD. I recomend turning the phone off once a day. It can keep tons of apps running in the background and still stream HD vids and take calls without an act of congress. Everything runs the way people with I-phones wish their phones would work. ***Also Tmobile has *4 gigs of *4g speed with *no contract and *unlimited texts for * $30.00 a month and has download speeds of  8mb per second on average. Don't be a sucker. Since the plan only has 100 anytime minutes it may be necessary to get a simple unlimited talk phone for 20 a month, essentially having 2 phones with unlimited everything for 50 per month with no tax. LOL. And  but the best 4G internet there is (Having tried Sprints "Unlimited Data where they throtlle the hell out of your ass and knowing the evil ways of Verizon, I try not to reward there scumbaggedry). Or you could be moocher and get an Obama Phone to compliment your Smart Phone that you bought with your welfare $. :(

I love the phone i have no problem with it, its quick i dont really have to wait when im on the internet and so on thanks i love it

Better then expected thank you so very much, I thought the item would. Not be in that good of shape. Ian very happy with my purchase

What a piece of crap!!!  I got this as an upgrade from an old flip phone and thought it would be great to get a phone with all the nifty apps.  What a huge disappointment!  First, I seldom get 4G, mostly only 2G, if that. Second, I often have no cell signal on this phone, where I used to have plenty from the old one.  I cannot get this thing to retrieve my email from other accounts (which was one of the big reasons I wanted a new, fancy phone) nor can I get it to log into gmail.  I cannot figure out how to get into my 'contacts' list and add more. One of the advertized features on this phone that made me select it was that it is supposed to be able to synch with my Outlook calendar, contacts, etc.  NOT!!!  This evening I am going to remove the simm chip and plug it back into the old beater and send this one back.  What a huge disappointment.

This is the fastest phone I've ever had, and I really like the screaming speed, and how much memory it has. It's a very cool phone, with a nice display, and a nice screen. I've dropped it a few times, and the screen is still perfect, even though there's a dent on one of the sides.I upgraded this to Cyanogenmod 7.0, which is Android 2.3.7, and it solved most of the issues. I think this is one of the original phones with a lot of issues, since I bought it used, and I've had it for months. Even though most of the issues are fixed, there are two issues still. #1: My phone will shut off if I leave it charging for a long time. This is really bad for me, since I use my phone as my alarm clock. So, I just always charge it before I go to bed in case it freezes. #2: The wireless and the GPS will stop working sometimes (usually only every 2-3 days, and they'll both stop working at the same time.) A reboot fixes this, but it is a little annoying.Note that the description says 3-D. It's not a 3D screen. It's just capable of rendering 3D graphics, which I think all smartphones are. This one just does it really well.My verdict: If you can get a great price on this used, then snatch it up. If you're buying a new phone, then get something else.Pros:+Lots of memory+Very fast, it runs every application that I threw at it+Good camera+Nice screen+Near indestructibleCons:-A bunch of random stuff that doesn't work the way it should. I think I'm one of the lucky ones that only had two things go wrong with it, so buy at your own risk!-If you get it from T-Mobile, it has a bunch of software that slows your phone that you'll want to uninstall. But that can be tricky, because it's locked from uninstall.-Even though it's high end, you get better performance if you uninstall most of the applications

I have had this phone for less than 3 months. Many reviews underrate this phone. If you know how to follow basic instructions and root it, this phone is simply unbeatable especially if you can get it at around $300 w/o contract. When you factor in the price, I give it a five star for the value.I installed CM7, reception is greatly enhanced. Reliable and fast. I have not experienced any of the problems of most users. I did get a few freezes when I had over 90 applications and multiple widgets. After a factory reset, I scaled back number of apps and widgets and the phone works great. Highly recommended!

If you are using and transferring to straight talk donot order this phone. I ordered one returned ordered another. Does not work on straiggttalk. Internet doesn't work most of time no reception most of time. Great phone but not for straighttalkThis is a great phone I jad it months and months ago that o still missWith every phone whether new or used you may or may not have problems.my opinion  could be some minor thing give it one whot  if u have  more thwn one return and order fron someone else I've ordered many phones and have learned one problem can be just a minor little fixable thing if after that you still have problems return asap order from somewher elseYou never kniw even when they say they are mew still in box sometimes they juat come from the factory with defects so like ibaai if ita  something minor like connection try tobfix but if u can't fix return and order from someone elseIt will be worth paying a little more to someone else to make sure you habe q problem free phone you he what u pay for sometimes aplies and sometimes does t when it comes to phones if you have a problem contact the seller first most sellers are great are very helpful people

This phone.... Just so amazing It could run every single game I throw at it with 0% lag. Unfortunately mine had broken when I tried to replace the screen. That is entirely my fault though. This phone is waaaayyy better than any overpriced Iphone.

worst mobile handset I ever purchased. Not worth it. Lg has dismal software support. The hardware is good but software is not updated often enough nor nvidia would release the sources for others to develop.

Excellent phone without breaking the bank and staying out of contracts. Good enough for use as a late model smartphone, improved battery life on newer models might convince me to switch in the future.I noticed that after some time the digitizer stopped responding, even though the phone was never subjected to any shock.

This is certainly a fast phone, with lots of Android modding potential.The price is right, and it works great on Tmobiles network.Pros:Speed - it's just fast. Everything.Stable - no crashes ( in first week)Wifi - Wifi N is great."4g"- aka HSPA+ - I'm seeing 10,000 kbps download. Yeah, it's stupid fast.Wifi Calling works well.Sound and call quality is excellentSize - Nice and thin....Screen - nice and bright, works in daylightCons:1.Battery Life- With great speeds comes short battery life--  for the same sort of usage my Nokia Astound would last two or three times as long.2.GPS - The GPS does not seem to work well with the Stock Tmobile Gingerbread ROM, perhaps either CyanogenMod 7 or the Eaglesblood ROMS will fix that issue, or at least let me play with the settings.3. Screen is a little too bright... needs one more dimmer setting for using at night!Note: in theory the GPS and Battery settings are improved with various firmware mods. I'll report what I find here.Update 5/7/2012 -There was a firmware update, 21y, to GB 2.3.4 -- this fixes all GPS issues(same quality as iphone/Nokia Astound)!!!, improves Battery, but reduces  max speeds on modem - a tradeoff which is well worth it.

I wish this phone was perfect. It comes close for a while. Let me explain. Out of the box this phone was amazing. It was zippy and you could feel the processor power. BUT as time went by the phone became sluggish. It has a lot of crapware from the carrier that you cannot delete, and you also can't stop the processes from running in the background. It bogs down the power. Also depending on what apps you down load, they tend to store a lot of data (rss readers, podcast apps, etc). This also seem to slow the phone down. I have to restart every day to clear out the RAM and the battery life is also not that great. It needs to be charged every night. Granted this phone is a few years old now. If you are in the market for this phone you may want to look at the newly released samsungs and HTCs. I wouldn't recommend this phone to a friend.

I just got the lg g2x,charged the battery,and there it was a great looking phone,no wifi,only 2g service sometimes.I searched google for any answer but no luck. i did see wifi bars and in the settings it showed i was connected to my router but no wifi.so i'm back to my old nexus one.

Before this g2x i had the lg mytouch its was just a newer phone but i cracked the screen  then i was looking for a new phone but i ran in to this on youtube i seen the review its an older model then my mytouch but the g2x  has a bigger screen in hd  its super fast on wifi and 4g  and the game play is incredible the camea is amazing  even the flash is sweet  i jus wish the speaker was a bit louder but i got a  sound booster  but  its watever the phone is amazing

I ordered this phone straight from the amazon warehouse and was expecting the phone to be awesome. When I received it in the mail 8 days after I ordered it with amazon prime, it worked great. it trumped my old phone in almost every way. the next day I took my phone out to check the time but the screen wouldnt work. took out the battery to restart the phone because I was guessing that the phone was frozen.when it restarted the screen was still not working. PLUS it was all different colors and I couldn't see anything but static. I am reordering it from another seller. Luckily amazon is refunding me for all this trouble....This phone may be awesome but beware to encounter any problem. Expect the best, but prepare for the worst.
