
I purchased 2 of these Cell phone watches and have yet to use any of them. I've purchased serveral sim cards because the phone is not reading the sim. Every time i put the sim card in the phone it reads &#34;Invalid Sim&#34; which cause me to go to T-Mobile about 3x this week. I can't return the items because it is past the 30 days. However I am unable to contact anyone for assistance, I've tried getting contact info for the manufacturer and been unable to do so.. SOmeone please help! I shop on Amazon alot and would hate to cancel my account because of lack of assistance....

I liked the idea to have a cell phone always with me ... as a watch... but the technology is not yet enough advanced ... the watch cell phone is too big vs usual watches and looks ugly ... it's not convenient to answer calls ... everybody can listen what another caller is talking to you ... sales of such watch cell phones should be accompanied by free earphones that may improve sales but anyway it's not a solution ... it may seem as fantastic idea but directed voicing, so nobody except you can listen another caller, will help to promote the idea with watch cell phones ...

excelente producto  entrega  a tiempo buen servicio muy buenos  precios economicos  muy buena  compania para  realizar compras por internet es confiable

I knew something was wrong when it came in another box and not the box shown. And it said unlocked it is not unlocked  that is false advertisment.

I am older and this is in very difficult to use. I need to get a new 4 G sim card to make it work correctly. With 3 g card it will work as a phone but it is not that smart either

If you like gadgets its super cool.If you are looking for an actual cellphone with smartphone quality this is not for you.The sound quality on this cellphone watch is better than some others like the ultraslim gsm gd910.It is more user friendly than some others as well.If you have larger fingers this is one of the better cellphone watchs out there as the buttons are larger.Battery life surprised me on this one, I've been using the same battery for the last 2 days and have not had to charge it yet.Really need to save your contacts to your sim card before switching over to this watch as saving contacts can be tedious.Wrist band is soft/flexible which is nice in comparison to other watches of this type. I have a very small wrist and this band had notches that fit to size and the face was not too large for me.

Item is good, a touchscreen. Words are so tiny, I'm having difficulty punching in numbers. Sometimes the stylus pen won't, when typing in English, it becomes difficult 1. Because the words are tiny. 2. The wordings appears in other languages & trying to make it appear in English is very hectic. 3. Would prefer Bluetooth instead of the earpiece, it makes it dangerous to use in other countries. The watch should be able to bend.

This is a pretty cool thing. If you show it to your friends, they will imidiatley be impressed and want one. If you really like techy things, this is definitely not the product for you. I used att service, and this watch only worked outside with no trees around. And, unless you  live in china, you cant use it's Internet services. And there's no wifi integration, so you can't use the watch that way. The watch was pretty cool, until the band of it started breaking. It is a very rubbery and soft band, so it rips easily. There's also only one game. Don't get this unless you like really simple things from china that only work for a couple months.

It works as described, although, print is so tiny, texting is near impossible without a magnifying glass, unless you have 20/20 vision. Every time you want to write a text message you must scroll thru like 10-15 input modes to get to English ABC, it won't keep your setting. For me, input with keypad is easiest. Handwriting mode is frustating, because you must write each letter so it understands it correctly, and for me it's rare that it does. You must enter the number text is going to, manually , unless you are replying to an incoming message. There is no recent or other menu, so if you do not know the number by heart, write it down before you start to text. Making and taking calls is easy. Bluetooth is best, due to speaker volume and position on watch. It's akin to trying to put your elbow in your ear. It does have voice dialing. It gets the person I'm trying to dial correct maybe 10% of the time. Again, it may just be me it is having trouble understanding. I have no accent, born and raised in SF Bay area. I must install sim card every time I use it, as I only have 1. each time i do, it has the correct date, but never the right time. Setting the time is a pain too. I just make a mental note of how far off it is and calculate approx time. It works fine for what I got it to do... place/receive calls/texts without holding a phone, while I shop!! Pretty amazing really, considering 20 years ago, it was only possible in movies or tv.

Very nice excellent quality thank you very nice to use to connect to the excellent sound is clear and features a beautiful thank you excellent packaging and fast shipping

This draws attention, no doubt. I get more positive feedback than negative, but the negative ones are from unfriendly,unliked people(;. It's going to become a trend, no doubt, you'll see. Since my old phone died of old age, this is what I use. I also pair it up with a Bluetooth in case people start looking at me weird and start creeping me out.Outwear/Looks [exactly like picture shown]:It's a little big, so I just turn it facing my body.It's rubber and even though and not scratch-proof.Comes with a stylus.The watch arrived Aug. 1st and so far, it has not teared. (read update for damage)Has a port for charging and mini-SD cardThe sim card slot started causing problems after a month in, so I took some receipts/paper and folded it between my battery and the cover, snug tight, and all is well.Touchscreen/SoftwareTouchscreen is not scratch resistant, so that's too bad. You can use about anything to touch, but be careful. I got pen marks all over mine.It's a little hard to press with your fingers unless you have nails like a girl or use a stylus (or pencil)It's like most touchscreens, not oilproofYou can change the brightness (to save battery or whatnot, which btw, will make it hard to see in the sunlight)I would give it 4 stars since it's a new thing/idea/innovative (3 if it wasn't innovative), but it's also dirt cheap compared to the upcoming ones (don't ask me how I know), so I gave it 5 instead.FYI, I likey.*******Update 11/28/13Damage: The band broke a month or 2 ago because the connection with the watch is weak. I superglue'd it back, but it's not something I should have to deal with.USAGE: It has a calculator, FM radio (plug in the headset that it comes with), HORRIBLE camera, bluetooth capability, and anything else you would want in a phone (besides the apps and stuff like that).The box includes:charger usbusb to outlet converter (the best I have ever seen in my life). Works for any usb and is invincible!earphones that work as your antennae for the radioWatchExtra batterySure, you may see Andriod or Apple watches that look amazing, but this one IS A PHONE. Those only connect to your phone.

I can not make the blue tooth work. Instructions in the little manual are insufficient. The delivery was veeeeeerrry slow.It came with a  small blue tooth headset that will not synch to the nor any other android device I own ( tablet, phone.)  The watch would not synch with KIA motors radio, Motorola headset,  or a Jabra head set. It will not voice dial.The things it will do are: manually dial a number, send calls, receive calls, and keep the time. It looks cool , but is not very practical.The wired headset works well but the plug for it is not standard and would be hard to replace as well as the plug for the charger. I will keep it only because it was cheap enough to do so rather than go through the hassles of  returning it .I would not buy anything from the mall again.

There seems to be a lot of functions on the watch. But the manual is vague at best.If your going to put in only name and # for the phone, I recommend you put it to the sim card. Twice now, we lost data that was saved to the watch, not sure why. It is supposed to have voice command capability, but could not get it to recognize any command.if you turn on voice for phone numbers to be audible, it only speaks in Chinese, no matter what language is selected.The plus side, calls a crisp and clear on the receiving end, and the speaker option to the watch is hard to hear. The MP 3 player is good with the included ear buds(only way mp3's can be played). The stylus is neatly tucked in the band, and does not slip out.The watch will accept a 16GB micro SD card. it keeps time well and can choose time as a screen saver, and then just tap the screen for it to display. I actually bought this for my Wife, so she could have an easily accessible Phone that was easy to use and out of the way. and can be used quickly in an emergency. The battery life is good, and it comes with a spare battery. It is a good price when you consider you get blue tooth ear phone and charging cable, ear buds, two batteries, charging unit for phone and blue tooth( can only charge one at a time.)

this watch is good. i bought it for someone as a gift so i don't know too mkuch about it.

This watch is as described.  The appearance is exactly as you see it, nothing different.  Definitely purchased this item if needed.  I am planning on buying more of this watch

Best tec with the key pad . I personly love it , other then the quid-band service is not ready for US.

this watch is gorgeous a little bulky but i promise i wont matter i would give it a 5 but no camera . dont be skeptical like me jus buy it

Dont recognize the simm card im planning to follow up legaly they shild not a drfect product like this one dont buy it

HOLA SOY DE CARACAS VENEZUELA EL PRODUCTO ME PARECE MUY BUENO EL EMBALEJE MUY BIEN PORQUE PROTEGE MUY BIEN LA MERCANCIA LOS FELICITO POR ESTA VENTA CONTINUEN CADA DIA MEJORANDO MAS EN TODO Y CADA PRODUCTO QUE COLOQUEN EN EL MERCADO SALUDOS LO RECOMIENDO

Good News: I do love the concept of talking into my "Dick Tracy" wristwatch, being able to tell time, write emails/text messages, and listen to my mp3 files, all with handsfree operation.  Having the convenience of a smart phone on my wrist without having to carry or unholster a cell phone is excellent! Especially when walking my dog or listening to music on the treadmill. It's a fascinating watch that is a great "showpiece" in public venues...I've sent the amazon link to many inquiring minds that want a wristwatch! Callers can hear me pretty well, though I sometimes strain to hear their responses in public venues.Not so good news: The phone won't connect to my bluetooth earpiece which would improve my ability to hear folks on the phone without holding my wrist to my ear. Occasionally I get feedback (reverb?) in the background.  I also have issues connecting to the internet (uses WAP). Less than a month after purchase, my earbud isn't connecting properly; so, I can no longer utilize the FM radio (ear piece must be connected) and replacement parts aren't available on Amazon. For the price, it's a great start for wristwatch cell phones, but I would work on the compatibility issues to make it more functional in the U.S. for the internet and bluetooth.

It works in theory, but it is a pain to operate. It is a nice gimmick, I don't use it as I thought I would do.

This is a nice little piece of equipment ! It arrived on time and it was well packaged. Everything works like it should but in the instruction it says there is a camera on board. Try as I might I was unable to find one anywhere on this guy. Not even an app for one. This is a very nice and easy to use gadget. Most other watch/phones you have to install the memory card in the same compartment as the SIM card . But this one has the TF card slot on the side of the watch next to the charging/USB port. I really like that. Under a hundred bucks you really can't go wrong. Make sure you read instruction thoroughly and fully charge it before use. I think you will like this one.

I did purchase 2 qty of "GSM Quadband voice dialing watch cell phone unlocked" in USA and shipped to India. But the product didnot work in india and its a waste now after buying ambitiously for relatives kids in india. The product was purchased because it was mentioned GSM and unlocked watch phones. Bit of unhappy with the product manufacturers.

I received the watch and was very impressed by the appearance.I have yet to put a Sim card in along with the flash memory card in thewatch phone.I will write more information on this purchase as I further play with it.

I have ordered this phone twice, and am in the process of making the second return.  I WANTED very much to like this phone - in fact, I loved the features, loved the external keypad (no stylus needed!) and it accepted my T-Mobile prepaid SIM card with no issues.  However... neither of the two phones I ordered would recognize a microSD card, at all.  I tried two different 2gb cards, both of which work fine in other devices, and could not get it to work.  It's an unfortunate issue, on an otherwise pretty cool product.

Good watch

I did not like this at all!  Gave it to my nephew for a Birthday Present instead and he doesn't like it either!  Not sure what his plans are for it! But it was a great deal and buy just not what i thought it would be!

It's pure junk get a gear at least it will charge cheap is as cheap does that what mammie used to say

AFTER I PUT THE SIM CARD IN AND THEN THE BATTERY I ONLY GET SERVICE UNTIL I MOVE IT OR TRY TO USE IT.  THEN I HAVE REMOVE THE BATTERY AND REINSERT THE SIM.  IT HAS BEEN A VERY BIG DISAPOINTMENHT.  I DO LIKE THE IDEA OF A WATCH PHONE THOUGH.  I AM IN BELIZE NOW WHERE I RECEIVED THE WATCH NOW I CAN'T RETURN IT.

So disappointed with this purchase.  The sound quality was terrrible and it did not like my straighttalk sim card.  It worked for a few days and then said it was invalid.  Never could figure out the internet piece either and there was no real manual to speak of that walked you through set up.  To be frank, the phone was a piece of trash.  A $60 piece of trash.

I buy this watch  on here  it dozen work  well no signal  in most area .it as no wifi  it keep  saying  no service  most of the  place i go .not ringing  im not  please wit my watch  look good  but sucks

The phone is ok. the voice dialing do not work well.

I received this watch in about 5 days opened the box and saw the watch I took it out and it was nice and good looking it was almost perfect if it had not been for the little paint scratch on the rim of the watch its not to noticeable but after I saw it there it just annoys me over all it's a great watch came with a charger and two batteries turned it on and functioned great!!!

Not at all happy with this product, not geared for adult wrist, too clumsey to really use..cannot navigate around the design to eve really use it.  would not recommend..save your money to buy the real thing.

What attracted me for this product was that it is very elegant to wear because of its multiple functions, not only having a unique watch but you will have your Cellphone and a camera at the same time, it is a kinda all-in-one.....

The shipment time take too long. When I receive the product, the product is defected. Sometimes it works and sometime is not. Supplier feedback is good. They try to fix problem or refuned to me. I change the setting and it is not stable. What you can said. It is only watch. Not really good for cell phone. I would give supplier positive review, but the product itself is not as good as you thought.GSM Quadband Voice Dialing Watch Cell Phone Unlocked

I bought this second watch cellphone as a backup for my international calls.  I put a onesimcard card in the watch which accepted it with no problems.  I have been very happy with its. I used it in Germany and Kazakhstan with absolutely no issues.  Didn't work in Japan because it doesn't have that 2100GHz channel but it kept time very well there.  I have found it reasonably well made and working great so far.

This is a MUST HAVE for all gadget and/or cell phone fanatics. I bought a more expensive model with virtually identical operating system a couple of years ago and paid almost double for just a slightly different keyboard layout.  This one is simpler looking but has all the desirable features.  Call quality is excellent, storage capacity via micro SD card exceeds specifications.  I have a 16 GB MSDHC installed with almost 1000 mp3 files and have taken several acceptable quality photos I could not have captured fast enough if I had to fish my camera phone out of a backpack or even back pocket!The cell watch attracts attention everywhere I go.  I am constantly using the phrase "Yes, it's really a cellphone, and it keeps pretty good time, too!"When I'm out running around in shorts and a t-shirt and i don't want to carry a phone or risk losing one, this is the ideal combination of wristwatch, mp3 player, and cell phone that I can wear to go biking, run into the grocery store, or anywhere else.  The sound quality is just what you expect from a small package, but the volume is sufficent to make calls and listen to music without a headset if you need to.I have called friends and family out of state and had them report no difference in sound quality even when using the speakerphone, though I more commonly use a Bluetooth when I plan on making calls in advance.  Pairing is simple and there are multiple profiles to store preferences for indoor, outdoor, meeting room, and Bluetooth profiles so you can customize the volume and ringtone specifications in advance for quick changes.  When I walk into a meeting, a couple of key presses makes sure I will get vibrate only and no key tones, outdoors I get loudest possible ring and simultaneous vibration.  Great features I don't have on my $300 smartphone.At about $80, this is cheaper than some standard candybar or flip style phones with more and better features, and it fits comfortably on your wrist.  I usually charge mine every day, but I have left it on for three days at a time on more than one occasion and I've never run the battery all the way down. It comes with a spare battery that I keep charged and in the car, but I've never needed it.Virtually no way to improve on this with current technology available in the states, but I expect these will continue to get a little smaller, as they have been for a few years now.  Terrific product!!Only way to make me any happier would be for Amazon to offer replacement chargers and earbuds, but reasonable people expect the "starter kit" packaging with import goods.  As more people switch over to cell pone wristwatches, the marketplace will demand that sellers make more accessories available.

I cannot actually state how the watch phone I purchased is functioning because I have not used it until now.  I still have to bring this item to the Philippines as a gift to my nephew this coming April, 2014.  I will have a follow-up review on this item as soon as this can be actually used.

The watch is an excellent gift for those hard to please individual that have everything.  The function of the phone is convienet for its wearer.

ware may I get a replacement battery please get back I do think this is a nice product  cheers I would recommend if you traveling get one

&#34;I don't like this phone because the phone switches off and this pen calibration thing pops up say touch the pen in each corner/middle of screen and when it does that it resets ALL the settings. Other than the seller...A+++ Seller&#34;

I bought the item right before travelling abroad. I started using it 1 week later when I arrived at my place of work. 3 weeks later, it was completely dead.Though it looked nice but it is a disaster in terms of quality.

You can't play Angry Birds or update your Facebook status, but this phone let's you do what a phone is supposed to, call your wife.I love this phone, which is actually known as the Avatar ET-1.  After ordering it on Amazon from Victor International, it arrived in a few days (which was an extremely pleasant suprise)I put in my prepaid T-Mobile SIM card and the phone worked instantly (which was another pleasant suprise).It does everything I had hoped for, which is:  Make calls, while not having to carry a phone in my pocket or belt.A little background on why I bought this phone:I love technology, but never got into the whole carrying a phone thing, especially now-a-days with phones like the iPhone (with are pretty big if you think about it).  If I wanted to surf the web, I could do it at home on my Ipad or Laptop.  I had never felt the desire to pay $50+ a month for a internet plan or $50+ for a cell phone plan (which could add up to over $1000 a year).  For the last few years, I have been using a T-mobile prepaid plan, and last year only paid $5 for my prepaid plan (so I could keep my minutes).  But...because I hate carrying a phone, my wife would get upset with me because she could never reach me, and there were times I had wished I had a phone handy to make a quick call.  So, I decided to surf the web (from my laptop) to see if there was a wrist cell phone.  I looked all over, and felt this was the phone that best suited me.  One of the major reasons I bought this one instead of other wrist phones was that it had buttons for dialing (not just touchscreen).  I didn't want to pull out a stylus everytime I wanted to make a call.  To be honest, I also love the movie Avatar, and figured James Cameron wouldn't lend his movie's name to just any watch.Calling is easy, but it took a day or so to figure out how to navigate quickly, upload my ringtone MP3's (from a micro SD card) and enter my phone numbers.  The touchscreen works, but I prefer using buttons to navigate.  I still haven't tried out the MP3 player, and I plan on testing out the Bluetooth when I have time.In closing, I finally feel I have a phone that is cool and practical.  I feel like I'm on Star Trek, when I make calls now.  You should see the reactions I get from people (from high schoolers to grandparents).  They are amazed that it works so well.  They also comment on how much more sense it is to have a phone readily available, rather than digging into their pocket to answer a call.Gotta go, my wife is calling :)

This item works as described but I have become accustomed to a more advanced user interface for a cell phone.

When I saw this product I was excited to see because I do not have to pickup phone while driving car can talk like James bond, easy alternate method for phone. I do not like the band and clock background of product. Band is too hard not easy to put battery and had struggle. Clock background does not look professional; I do not know how to change it at this moment. Overall product delivery is ok and not good or excellent.

The watch was everything the description said it was going to be!! My Husband really liked the watch! I would recommend it to friends and family.

I bought this watch after reading the reviews hoping to use it for a couple of months.The watch was not even working straight out of the box. Couldn't have expected that at all!!&lt;&lt;>>

This phone, which is also known as the Avatar ET-1, is probably the most popular watch-phone I've seen. The price is attractive, but sometimes, you get what you pay for. I've been using mine for about a week, so far, and what I've found is, even after a week's worth of complete charge cycles, the battery life is still very short. A full charge will get me about 20 hours of standby before the phone shuts down. (with very little warning)If you decide to have a voice conversation for say, half an hour or so, the you had better consider charging it again, or else risk shut down within 2 hours or so. Makes me wonder, does this thing run on vacuum tubes or something? Nah, then the sound would be nicer.The interface is a bit primitive. Looks like what the Soviet lander in the movie "Red Planet" was displaying on its screen during the hilarious repair scene in that film. Sadly, from what I've seen on the net, all the other watch-phones currently available seem to have the same interface. This makes me suspect that they are all coming out of the same factory. This kind of makes the prospect of an upgrade to a better watch somewhat bleak.The touch-screen part of it is very tough to activate, but that is actually a good thing. I was worried about accidentally dialing while it rubbed against the inner sleeve of my leather jacket, but no problems at all. It takes a firm press with your fingernail, or the included stylus, to activate it.The keypad works well enough, but it is really, really tiny, so I wouldn't want to try to use it in say, -30C weather or anything like that. I sometimes find the touch screen easier to use than the keypad. (and I hate touch screens)Mine didn't come with a camera or compass or anything like that. Some of the Avatar ET series do. I haven't used the mp3 player or video player or FM radio, but I'm sure they work fine. (while, probably doing a rapid-drain on the battery)I hate carrying bulky smartphones and things like that, plus I would often find myself forgetting my cellphone. I thought, "Hey! A wristwatch-cellphone. Great idea!" Sadly, this phone hasn't worked out to behave as a proper full-time cellphone should be expected to. I even switched carriers so that I could use this thing. (my previous carrier was an AWS network. This thing is GSM only) Too bad. I was really looking forward to the convenience of a wristwatch-phone. So, for now, I will continue to use this thing, as I'm kind of committed to my new carrier now. (spent too much $$ lately) If anybody out there knows of a watch-phone with better battery life, I would love to hear about it. It would also be nice to find a watch-phone that actually works on AWS networks.---------------------------------------------------An update after 2 weeks use: I've found that you can extend talk time by using the USB plug-in headset that comes with the phone. Even though it looks and feels awkward, this actually seems to use less power than using the phone's built-in speaker and mic. Using the headset the other day, I was able to have an hour-long conversation while grocery shopping, and still had plenty of power left until being able to get home to recharge. I'd consider using bluetooth with it, if not for the already poor battery life.

First of all, this seller its shady would you anything that but to "listen" customers requests. He charged me $50 for a tiny box that weights less than a pound. Secondly I asked to cancel this order, which did not happen, and lastly the item doesnt work its garbage, the screen doesnt respond you click something and shows up a different character its a mess.If you dont want to go have horrid time you have been warned this seller its dishonest.

It's nice to look at but too difficult to use , I only use it  for the time by using an old sim card

It did work ,I gave it too my nefphue instead of making it mine  . It will be used indeed . I don't see them often so he jumped on itHope he will enjoy it as much as I .

Watch kept locking requiring the battery to be removed and installed again.  While locked a password was requested even though I had never used this security feature or entered a password.I was told the issue was caused by my T-Mobile Sim.  However my Sim did not cause this issue in the next watch phone I purchased later.

Hi amazon staff! Good day! Thank you for my stuff that i bought in ur popularity..AMAZON... here in the ship! actually i will give you information regarding this quadband voice dialing cellphone when i'm goin home in the philippines this july...i want to send pictures too..for this is my gift ..to a very special in my life! thank u for easy purchase here online...Have a happy day always!

Good product but did not met my expectations. Complicated to change between languages and even worse to register a phone number. The provided booklet does not provide enough instructions to achieve a proper use of the phone.
