
Love the way this phone was easy to learn. Im not a teckie and have been very happy with it! The touch screen for texting is wonderful. I bought it after falling in love with my coworkers phone.My only complaint is the camera. The lighting has to be just right or it can cause a bright back light in the shot. Takes some practice to learn where you can and cannot take pics.

I purchased the Droid X about 8 months ago to replace my old chocolate II. Overall I have been pretty happy with the phone. The sound quality and reception is not as good as my old phone, but is not bad. The phone has plenty of memory for apps and runs the well with occasional freezing or force closes. Sometimes the freezing seems random. There are a ton of great apps and games that are free. The phone comes with some useful apps, but does have some useless bloat ware that you cannot remove.Phone is easy to operate. The only thing negative that I have to say would be the sound volume and camera. The sound volume is not very loud and the speaker is not very clear. This isn't an issue with games, but not very convenient for listening to music or ringtones. Since ringtones are not loud, it can be tough to hear phone ring if there is any ambient noise around.  My only other complaint is the camera is slow to open when trying to take quick pics and when leaving the settings on automatic, tend to not come out well. It records video well.Overall it is a pretty good phone and I prefer if over some other android phones I have used.Update: The problem with pictures not coming out well has to do with the lens having any oil or dust on it. The lens is very sensitive. The pixel quality of the pics is very good, but colors are not as good as other phones.lately they phone loses signal or 3G service alot. Pain when trying to play games like hanging with friends. Not sure if the issue is with the phone or verizon service.

I think this is a pretty good value.  I wasn't looking for the latest or newest.  I am frustrated by all the behind the scenes stuff that you aren't aware of and can't control, but that is a smartphone issue in general.  This is my first exposure to the Android OS and my first smartphone, so it is all new to me.  So far, so good.

it shows in picture that it has charger , but no charger came with phone.... no card came with phone so cant take pictures ... phone was supposed to be new , but charge port cover , was removed . There was not a instruction manual for phone .

Very happy with my purchase.Phone arrive quickly and in exellent shape. only problem is videos stop while playing, not sure yet weather its the phone or mabey the flash player installed. overall its a great phone. I strongly recommend useing this seller.

cheater seller has sent without the original charger and battery also operate for a few minutes and, unfortunately, I've activated the line and this will not be able to bring him back

Bought as a back up phone but the phone shuts off on it's own, freezes often, and had a few scratches on it that were not listed. Not happy with the product at all. There was no pycture to go by in listing. Seller might consider a picture next time.

this is a great phone.It takes great pictures.Its alittle more advanced than my older A955.I just love the android phones

the best phone i ever owned best of everything from pics to music to it all! droid rules the market period!phone still ahead of most motorola out did its self on this one! i never been a fan of motorola phones period but this one rules and always on amazon to buy! upgrade the screen to lcd or gorilla glass only things missin that the company should have done!hope they improve the look/put it in a alumi casin and crush the competition if motorola want 2 super JOB BIG MLA/ STILL I GIVE DROID X 5-STARS

The very first day I received this phone there were serious problems. During the first phone call from my &#34;new&#34; phone I discovered that unless the phone was on speaker phone, I wouldn't be able to hear the person I was talking to. The touch screen on this phone hasn't worked properly from the day I received it either. Sometimes I have to click the screen 10 times before the phone actually responds. Also this phone came with no SD card (which I did not see in the description) so it has no memory for pictures or videos.I was willing to deal with the fact that I could only call people on speaker phone and the unreliable touch screen (and many other annoying issues) until my next upgrade was available.However not even two months later and while texting (with full battery) the phone randomly shut off, and has not turned on since.It was not DROPPED or anything, just sitting in my hands.When I tired to call the customer service number on the box, I was repeatedly sent to a voicemail.This is the worst phone I have ever used. I have never had a phone with so many problems. Save yourself the trouble and buy elsewhere!!!

I purchased this cellular device for my 16yr. old son and he absolutely loves it! He is totally enjoying all of the features!

Ordered what I thought would be a temporary replacement phone for my husband and it turns out I need a replacement for my replacement. The screen wont light up after 15 days. Emailed customer service and was told I needed to send back the phone and wait 5 + days and wait for them to decide if they "qualify" it to be replaced. That's crap.

The phone, purchased from Cellphone Zone but fullfilled by Amazon arrived in two days as promised by Amazon Prime and was packed in a sealed box that appears to be a Motorola although country of origin does not show up.  Funny, the label on the box said &#34;new&#34; which is what it was supposed to be but is unusual on a product box.  The phone was packed with a battery, bud earphones and a wall charger, all appearing new but lacking any brand identification.  After charging the battery I took the phone to be activated for my Page Plus service.  After starting home I attempted to make a calll and noticed that a display kept flashing onto the screen constantly, making it very hard to dial.  Later this when trying to use other features of the phone, a bouncing display, different one this time kept appearing.  I returned to the store where I had taken the phone to be activated and had them take a look at it.  They told me that the left hand key at the bottom of the phone was jammed on, although not due to the key itself, which still functions.  They then examined the phone closely and compared it to an original Motorola Droid X and advised that I had a chinese knock-off of the real thing, nicely made and probably containing some real parts.  The clues:  The seal visable under the battery had been removed and was not glued down and no manufacturer's label on the right where it's supposed to be next to the label with the seriel number.  Also the little round dot below the slot for the memory card was white, not red as in the real Motorola.  Also the battery was the correct size but without the Motorola Logo or name, conclusion, not a real Motorola battery.  The phone's outer case and screen appear new.  I don't think the phone had been activated before. I don't know if it is a totally new knock off or one with both knock-off and real Motorola parts.  Bottom line:  the phone is not a real Motorola Droid X as built by Motorola and has a built in flaw due to an internally sticking key.  If it didn't have the flaw, it probably would have worked fine.  Another reason to buy from Amazon, even if it costs a little more.The bad news, I have spent money, gas and time on this phone to no benifit.  The good news, Amazon's great return policy means I am getting a complete refund and UPS will be picking up the phone very soon for return.

i am very satisfied with this order, it arrived in a great time frame and it is the second Motorola Droid X phone that i have ordered from amazon.

I ordered a BRAND NEW DROID X, the one I received is over 3 years old, guess this explains why it broke unexpectedly tonight. not at all what it states. Broke beyond repair after 3 months and it was from an internal issue linking to software (long life verizion said) I am very upset because they straight up lied to me, drastically!!!! They told me in 5 different place the phone was BRAND NEW!!! not only is it used but, 3 years used. I've been a consistent shopper on amazon for some time now, never ever have I encountered a problem as such with any online consumption site, especially amazon. Im kind of disappointed in them that they have not contacted me yet...been 10 days. Phone sucked anyways, very slow and just OLD!!!

I have the Droid X because I wanted to try out android. I don't like this phone because the phone crashes, Gets warm and the battery life isn't that good and it is a slow phone. I had to restore the phone numbers of times. So I am planning to get an iPhone 5 when I am eligible to upgrade to a new phone

This phone was everything that i wanted in a smart phone... great price, and i think it was an excellent deal.

Phone arrived quickly.I have been using it for a month and performs well.Everything is working as expected right now.

It is good phone for the price and the reason I am rating at 4 stars is that WiFi has issues.  It won't connect to certain WiFi spots that I have connected to with other devices.  I looked up the problem and found that it is issue with this phone. Other then that I really like it.

Im getting used to it i love it so far still learning how to do things but im happy with my choice to keep it and i love the screen size

This Droid X Is In Perfect Condition, No Scratches, Dings, Or Missing Parts, Only Problem Was A Faulty OEM Battery, I Went To Interstate Batteries And Bought One From Them, They Make Car Batteries So Yea, Anyway This Is An Excellent Buy.

I had an original Droid and didn't want to give it up, so happy I did!!!Best thing, I didn't have to give up my unlimited data plan with Verizon.Thank you Amazon for the great product and your promt service!!!

Received this product with the return button initially not working properly, it did afterwards.  Contacted the provider of the phone on a Saturday afternoon. Received a return email that same night, then a call the following day apologizing and offering to send another one the next day. Received a notification that the next morning another one had been sent out. The phone afterwards turned out to be working fine, there was little signs of use on it also great price. Five stars all the way around, good job. Very pleased.

I tried everything the seller said but none of it got the phone to even come on.  The charger that was included was not fit to the phone, neither of the charges were fit to charge the phone.  This was not a smart purchase for me.

I replaced my droid incredible with this phone.  Pretty much the exact same phone only bigger. I have had no issues.

I love the phone.  It's easy to use, has tons of features, takes great pictures, works well with my car's bluetooth... I couldn't ask for a better phone.  I've had two smart phones other than this in the past and I had many frustrating situations that almost turned me off on smartphones, but this phone has restored my faith in technology! :-D

When I dropped my phone and broke the glass, I decided to try a used phone of the same model until I could upgrade in February.  I'm not very happy with the result.  The buttons are loose and fall off and the screen has developed lines and a 3/8" diameter black spot.  It functions, but is annoying.

I'm new to the Smart Phone experience, I was using a less expensive phone on the Page Plus plan and found that I wanted a phone with more memory and function.  The Droid X MB810 works great with Page+, and it give me all the speed and features I need.  The camera and video are good, the screen is large enough see and use for texting.  The battery last all day with moderate to heavy use, two day of light use.  I am not a heavy data user, I have the phone to be a phone first and tool for other activities second, so my requirement may not be the same as a heavy user.

I WENT THROUGH 19 DROID X IN 7 MONTHS AND PROBLEM STILL NOT SOLVE. IT TURN OFF DURING PHONE CONVERSATION OR PLAYING MUSIC. SPEAKER PHONE CUT IN AND OUT. SOUND SYSTEM IS HORRIBLE. PHONE KEPT REBOOTING BY ITSELF. SOMETIME TAKING PICTURE, IT SHOW A BLANK PICTURE. WHEN YOU ACCESS THE PHOTO FILE, IT SHOW NOTHING EVEN THOUGH THERE ARE HUNDREDS.SIGNAL LOST DAILY DURING PHONE CONVERSATION OR MAKING CALLS. WHEN WATCHING MOVIES, SIGNAL IS LOST

I bought this phone new in the box, I unpacked the phone and set it up. Worked flawlessly for the first 3 months but last month the screen starting having black spots show up. Like the pixels are burning out. So disappointing to spend 130.00 plus for a new phone and it lasts 3.5 months. I have decided to steer clear of Motorola now. looking for a new phone again :-(

This phone is a giant step up from my last phone, the EnV Touch. It boasts a huge screen, packs power, and the battery is pretty decent. Best of all, I got it for $95 without activation!

Not an ideal phone for anyone. Random restarts. Randomly refuses to make calls. Slow performance doing anything. While I understand this is an old phone, it doesn't have ICS support. Physical buttons are another negative, and my Home button no longer works. Doing any sort of unofficial upgrade via a recovery like ClockWorkMod is a complete pain, and official upgrades are broken on my device. The back plate for the battery WILL wear down and start easily falling off. Mine also had the black rubber material wear off and only the gray/white metal underneath remain.The positive? A large screen (at the time it was made) that isn't taken advantage of in Gingerbread. The camera is pretty good (although there's no front-facing camera).Two stars, because it at least functions in some basic capacity.

I inserted tha battery and charged the phone as you would expect to do, but the phone wouldn't turn on after charging!

Turned out to be the best phone I've ever owned! Geared right up and was ready to go to work. If you're just starting in using Smart Phones this phone is super friendly. Doesn't freeze up or act up. Oh yeah, there's a learning curve all right but if you have a super friendly Verizon rep you'll be assigned to anything can be fixed you did. Do get the books from Motorola's web site. Even though this is a 3G phone it is still supported fully by Android and you will receive updates. Get into a DROID cheap! When you get better then buy an expensive DROiD. For signal you still can't beat Verizon because they broadcast around 700 (low) so the signal will hug the curvature of the earth and not shoot in straight lines going over you. This phone works everywhere, everytime!

so far all is good my phone came in a quick time and is working fine. i would rate this higher but i just started to ues it and am still working the bugs out

It is not the kind of phone I wantedIt is to ugly looking and the material they used to make the phone is to to cheap

I just purchased the phone in late January as a Xmas gift. I was looking forward to upgrading my phone with my service provider but still have to wait so i purchased this phone instead. As of right now i can tell you that my phone has crashed and is just showing a bootloader screen. It is probably one of the most expensive paper weights i have ever owned. I sent out an email to the company "Beast Deals" and i have yet to hear from them. Im going to try to send the product to a motorola center to get it repaired.i just used the phone yesterday. i had two incoming calls and then i sat down for dinner. After dinner the phone was dead.definitly not worth the 286. dollars i spent

Phone arrived in pristine new condition, as advertised. Activated on phone carrier without a hitch. Wifi connected without a problem. This is my second Droid X, and both have been flawless for my use.

Five Stars!! Cell Phone Was In AWESOME CONDTION! Didnt Dislike Anything About But I Noticed The MEID Number Tab Behind The Battery Didnt Match The Cell Phone MEID Number!! So It Took Longer To Activate My Phone!!! Until The Found The Right Number(MEID #) That Match The Phone..Highly Recommended To Buy From Them!

The DROIDX is every thing i thought it would be its just the right size for me. It fits right in my hand its thin fast and have alot of options on it so you can do alot of different things and you can talk and surf the web if you are connected to an WIFI network.

I'm pretty happy with the phone so far....there are a couple of kinks but I will figure it out...I like the droid x

This phone had a problem with the screen and phone freezing. It would not hold a charge for very long.

My husband had this phone a single week and a half and it died completely......I will be much more skeptical the next time I buy a preowned....

It is new and even came with 2gb micro sd card but the phone it self has very little internal memory, which means I can't download any apps...hate it. I love the phone other then that but not being able to download any of the apps that i like REALLY SUCKS. I cant even download FacebookOK just wanted to update this...I went into phone settings and factory reset the phone and now it will let me download anything I want. LOVE MY PHONE

Price is reasonable and most current Android features can be used.  Somewhat difficult to find cases, new extra batteries, and such.....but not unusual for an older phone.

My phone started to get dots all over the screen. I could not see anything. Loved this phone. Did all I wanted it to do. Ordered another one that was the same at a good price. It is working great and I love it as it the best phone I have every had. It was great that I could find one at a good price real quick.

7/21/13One of the 2 phones worked fine. The other had a defective touch screen.  I sent for a return authorization, received it and shipped the defective one back using the address label sent me with the RMA.  I got confirmation from UPS that it was delivered on 7/9.I have heard nothing since.  Since you shield all vendors from direct contact,  I am frustrated and confused about how to learn what the return status is and how to proceed from  here.Please advise.Thank you for any direction and assistance  here.Bill Ostromlearnerofgod@aol.com

I gave my old one away when my wife's girlfriend gave me an I Phone 4S.  I could only stand the I Phone for approximately six weeks and gave it back.  I ordered this phone which is very nice and the reseller was also very nice.  I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves older Droids.  Reseller did a nice job.

Received the item ontiem and it is a great phone, my mother in-law finally got to play with the camera to discover it doesn't work properly. Image quality is terrible, very foggy and when I inspected the camera lens I found deep scratches, we are not talking about normal scratches. I am not sure if I received an used phone by mistake but because of the camera issue I have to rate it as a 3 star.

Love it if u print the guide and follow the short instructions u can figure it out easily. My first smartphone

I received the phone fast and the phone looked new, but the ear speaker vibrates. I only need it until October so i decided not to return it.

My droid came exactly when they said it would. nothing wrong with it and its an awesome phone. one thing that i didn't like was the charger didn't work very we'll but i just brought another one on amazon for one dollar. i am vey happy with my droid x and i would totally buy something from this company again.

When I bought this phone, I had a few minor problems with it...the phone would freeze occasionally or the home button wouldn't work, but after turning it off and back on normally it would work. One day though it just wouldn't turn on no matter what I did. I called both my carrier (Verizon) and Motorola, and found out I was ONE DAY, over my warranty expired. Verizon was nice enough to replace it with a "pre-owned" replacement phone. Again, THREE DAYS after my warranty expired, there were black lines or blacked out pixels all over my screen. (This also happened to my brother who has the same phone, but usually his goes back to normal after a few days.) The blacked out lines wouldn't go away though, so I had to replace my phone again. This week my phone got the same black lines over it that wouldn't go away. Again, this was NINE DAYS after my warranty expired. I had a horrible time with Motorola's customer service as the woman was very rude and inadequately educated about the product and the proceeds at Motorola. I will never buy from Motorola again because of their poorly designed products. I take very careful care of my phones, but they still managed to break. I highly suggest you think twice before buying this phone or any of Motorola's devices.

Has a great big 4.3 inch screen. I watch youtube all the time and this phone displays it amazingly. Haven't had any problems with the phone after months of use. I rooted and flashed CM9 onto it and enjoy it even more. 4.0 ICS is very good with minimal lag. Surprised this droid could handle ICS since most ICS devices have 1 GB ram.

The battery life is horrible , it continently freezes , the apps run a bit slow , could have better battery life.

I'm so happy to have my phone it took some time but i got it the first one did not work rigth but they got rigth on it.Now i have a new one an I'm very happy with it .The phone works great. Thank You

I found out from Verizon that 4 other people had used this phone. I am satisified except from being deceived about the phone being new.

I bought this to replace my first X which while not dead yet was on it's last leg.  My original was the best phone I've ever owned and the new 1 is shaping up exactly the same. It's not the fastest or best phone out there right now but it is rock solid and reliable. Verizon has capped it at Android version 2.3.4 but 99% of all apps run on it without issue and the phone has enough RAM and internal storage for loads of them.  The performance is steady and reliable solid graphics keep you going with videos and games.  The antenna is top notch and it keeps up reception wise and speed wise with the iPhone 3 and 4 though the 4s picks up the processor end enough to beat it out.  Still I spent almost every day with my blue tooth connected and Pandora or Amazon mp3 streaming all day at work.  Not to mention emails, web browsing, and facebook.  The battery isn't the best out there but spares are cheap on Amazon and I always carry 2 with me plus a car charger.  A good battery will last 4-6 hours with streaming music and web surfing which considering what it's doing and the size of the package I have to say is impressive still.

The phone was pretty quick when I first received it, but now it is slow to move from screen to screen and slow to open selections that I make.  I like it, but it needs to be quicker.

The phone works great!!! It blanks out when there's too many applications up but other than that the games work perfectly!!!! All the features work without any problems and the camera has amazing quality!!!! Love it!!!

Phone was supposed to be new screen had black spots all over when it was turned on. Not a happy customer

I ordered this phone after i had the samsung character. this my first android and i will be keeping it for a long time!!!!!!!!

Just purchased another Droid X to replace my old one. That one I dropped one to many times. This is my third Droid X. I keep going back to this phone because I just love it. I have not found a new phone that is as good and easy to use. The screen size is perfect. I recommend this phone over Iphone anyday. It is pretty tough also.

phone arrived in excellent condition came with a customer support card from mobile spree had a question no reply to mutiple e mails so basically no customer support. great phone but have to wonder what would happen if i had a problem

This is suppose to be a new DROID. First time trying to take a picture today and discovered the camera lens is scratched badly.

This is an older generation phone so I ordered what I was led to believe was a new one to avoid any trouble with a used or refurb. The item arrived DOA.  To be fair, my complaint has more to do with the seller than the phone.  Very frustrating.  I never got the chance to use or evaluate the phone.  I returned it for refund.

I'm not a very picky consumer, but find two major problems with this phone:1) It works very slowly at times.  When I play CandyCrush or other games, it goes really slowly, blanks out, the sound goes funny, and the phone sometimes even turns off and restarts.2) There is no fix for this:  When talking, the screen will sometimes light up, and then as I speak, my chin or cheek activate the touchpad -- particularly the &#34;end call&#34; or &#34;mute&#34; buttons.  The result:  Whenever I talk to someone, I have to call back a few times, which is annoying and sometimes embarrassing.  I thought it was just me, but the internet is jammed with people trying to find a fix for this problem.  It can't be changed in the settings.Plus, the doesn't come with an SD card, so to take any photo or do other basic things, you have to buy the additional card.  It's not expensive, but still.In all, I don't recommend buying this phone.

I ordered this phone after reading up on it. The phone I received camera does not work, two of the four hard buttons don't work and the battery barely last four 6 hours. But I got it as a temporary phone so it'll have to do until the end of march. Would not buy from seller again.

I'm new to using smartphones and I really like this Motorola Droid! The keys are large enough for me to use efficiently and it's easy to figure out how to use. The camera and video are not the best, but tolerable. The only slight problem I have encountered is the battery never charges to 100% for whatever reason. The max charge I can get is 80%. That's durable for me since I'm not a big data user. Overall I love the phone. Great job!

WWell it said minor scratches but it did not state that the camera doesn't work and the home key sticks and the power button doesn't work sometimes.

my daughter was longing for a phone a long time she now carry it every she sleeps with it this was the only thing she wanted for christmas

This phone is slow and the apps are pretty much ineffective.I needed a phone and wasn't ready for an upgrade so I had to buy a reasonable droid. I is just ok.

I bought this phone originally about 2 months ago when my Blackberry fell into water. When I first got it I loved it - Big screen, great features, sleek design...I was really excited to have my first touch screen smart phone! About a week or two later, the place where you plug in your charger started to not work and eventually my phone didn't charge without me having to put the charger in a certain position...and then that led to it not charging at all in the end. Eventually the phone started to turn on and off randomly and sometimes it wouldn't turn back on for almost 10 or 15 minutes. I contacted the seller and I sent it back and got a new one. This was about a month ago that I got the replacement phone. Recently my SD card has been causing me problems and the camera function on my phone wasn't even working. Yesterday, the control buttons at the bottom of the phone got completely stuck and I couldn't get them to work. And now this morning my phone had shut itself off an now it won't turn back on and all I can see on the screen is a "caution" symbol...Contacted the seller again and told them that I just wanted my money back and I didn't want to deal with the phone anymore. Went on eBay this morning and bought myself a brand new iPhone 4 instead. Do yourself a favor and just stay away from this phone. Its great when you first get it, but it just starts to fall apart after a while. I really wish this phone worked better because despite all the issues I had with it, I really did like it if it would have just worked! It seems like Android phones just don't do very well...Switch to the iPhone - better soft wear, made better, and way more features! For some reason iPhones are really expensive here on Amazon...If you look on eBay you can find a no-contract iPhone for a decent price.

not only does the phone work erratically at best the other day as witness to an accident i couldn't dial 911 for several min had to turn off the phone and re start , took several minuets to start up, glad i was not having a medical emergency myself. pass on this pile of garbage

the phone was very nice ,i got it for our son and someone stole it three days later.will get  another

I'm really happy with this replacement phone. The first one didn't work well and Sooner Electronics offered me three choices of what I could do. They were prompt and very curtious! I would order more from them in the future.

the brand new phone's microphone was broken so callers could not hear me. everything else worked but i was very dissapointed with the disfunction

Havent even had this phone for 2 months and I have black dots all over my screen. I cant use my buttons now...everything is not working!

I purchased this phone recently. The phone itself is amazing. This is my first Smart Phone and I am receiving the whole Smart Phone experience with this device. I really enjoy the Google Play app store. The camera is pretty good and works well with Instagram. My only complaint is that when I received the product, the charger that it came with did not work. I had to use a charger that I had from a previous celluar device.

I bought this cellphone for a good price. But it just included battery, charger (generic not the original) and the cellphone. I need to buy a SD card!.

I did NOT buy this phone from Amazon but I had to write this review due to the fact that I had the phone 2 weeks and it dropped from 2 feet, YES TWO FEET, and the screen had several black lines running through it after it fell. I had a protective cover on it and everything (not an otterbox unfortunately). The phone I had before this one, a Palm Pixi, I dropped several times. It even fell off the top of my house and survived! This phone should have been built ALOT better to take at least a TWO FOOT DROP onto a wooden surface. I really like the phone and its features but I will NOT be getting another Droid X since it is about impossible for anyone to NEVER drop their phone. I need a more rugged phone that wont break so easily. Hello Samsung or HTC....and GOODBYE MOTOROLA!!!

great phone, has a lot more to give than my old android phone.  was one of the best investments ive made

I love Droid phones.  My Droid 2 finally went out. I was a little skeptical about purchasing a phone without a keyboard but this phone is great. It is 2 years old but I can't tell because it does everything I need it to do.  Thank you.

I bought this phone brand new ,when i received it, it had a full charge i went to get it flashed frm criket then later found out it didnt charge so i hook that phone up and wasted my money time and it took like 2 weeks to get my money back and the company i bought it frm morecases said it was brand new.

Product was as expected. Customer service was very helpful when needed.

I want to know if this cell phone is unlocked I mean I can use it out to united state? anyone can help me"

I was happy with the purchase, but it was advertised as 'new', but it didn't come with an instruction manual. I had to go online to get one.

Disappointed, I handed the phone is in very poor condition, scratched everywhere and I had to send it to repair and it did not work, I'll have to find another phone or change the full housing, I understand that buying a used item but at least for have the nerve to sell in this contents should be working, to add to my displeasure sent me a charger that is not the original.decepcionado, el telefono que me entregaron est&aacute; en muy mal estado, rayado por todas partes y tuve que mandarlo a reparar pues no encendia, tendre que buscar otro celular o cambiar el housing completo, entiendo que compre un articulo usado pero por lo menos para tener el descaro de venderlo en esta pag&iacute;na deberia de funcionar, para sumar a mi descontento me enviaron un cargador que no es el original.

this phone works well and was a good value but I was dissappointed because it was advertised as new but was obviously a refurbished phone....so NOT as described!  Came in a generic box with a plug-in charger, no usb cable....

My son was in need of a NEW phone, I and him was looking together on amazon and spotted this phone. He loves his phone!

I don't want to spend too much money on a cellphone. I found this phone and everything about it just perfectly meet my need for a smart phone. To my surprise, it has FM radio built in.

Being a grandma who hasn't ever used a smart phone before, I have been very satisfied with my Droid X.  I did do some research and comparisons and while this is an older phone, It has performed very well.  I am still learning but so far, I have been very pleased with the phone.

The Droid was Locked and I will have to get it unlocked at Verizon. My intended use was for wireless only.

so far so good i love this phone! may be a old droid but i love it! & i could care less about a front face camara! i mean really if that's all you smartphone fans want than get a tablet other than that this phone is amazing!

This is my second smartphone, so my review is based upon my experience with this phone as opposed to my last phone which was an HTC Droid Incredible 2. My wife also has this phone, and she complains of the same things.My biggest complaint on this phone is how much slower it is to respond. I'm not sure if the processor is slow, or if the operating system is poorly written, but apps run much slower on this phone than they did with the HTC.My second biggest complaint is the battery life. I currently have the setting on maximum battery life, which turns off all data after 15 minutes of inactivity. When that works, its fine, but sometimes it doesn't and I will get 4 hours on a charge. At a minimum I have to charge the phone twice a day with lower use, and 3 times with more. The HTC usually gave me a whole day.One thing I like about the phone is the memory. I ran out of room on the HTC for stuff all the time, but this phone's storage is pretty decent.Overall, I will dump this phone and replace it with something else when I can't stand it any longer.

Huge heavy phone with a pretty screen and a nice camera.  The user interface is quite convoluted, but I'm starting to get the hang of it.

Not the best phone out there.There may even be better phones for the price I paid ($93.70).But this phone works 100%.Doesnt reset randomly, doesnt freeze up.Calls are wonderful. Reception is great!Wifi works just as good as any top of the line phone.The 6gigs of internal memory are great for downloading and installing apps!Thats it! 4/5

excellent buymy nephew is having a great time with this droid phone. he just cannot put it down and he is always downloading great apps for it

This company said they only offer a 30 warranty but my phone had manufacturing defects in it and that's what the tech at Verizon said well the started having problems right after the 30 day point and increased mobility wouldn't even offer an exchange and that's all I wanted  do not buy anything from this company they did nothing to back there name  they just lost a good customer

Received phone in timely manner, worked initially, within a week started eating up battery power, 3 days before 30 day warranty it totally quit. Would not come back on even with direct charger without battery. Lost all info, clients not able to contact me, lost business and currently waiting to see how warranty will be handled. Has totally made me not want to buy electronics online.

Phone was NOT New although I bought it as new...both verizon...and phone manufacturer MOTOROLA  confirmed phone was NOT original....although it looked new...could not activate...BUT. INSTOCK NOVELTIES LLC the company did reimburse fully IN GOOD FAITH. Was disappointing though...I find this deceptive...should be a fine or something to penalize.

I wish it had come with an instruction manual. I am having difficulty learning how to use it.  Thank you very much.

Very good phone. Loved all of the x's i've had. Add this one to the pile. lol. Very good signal, Very good condition both screen and phone. Excellent.

Great product as described, works really well, overall very satisfied with my purchase. I would recommend this item! Great deal....only negative no manual.

Horrible phone, very slow, won't hold a charge and turns off and on, on its own. Not recommended at all.

I got this phone and the first week it worked. I noticed there was a little shatter in the top. My phone freezes alot, and now my camera doesn't work.. AT ALL...

This was the perfect gift for my 11yr old son! The phone holds a great charge. It didn't have any scratches or dents this phone was perfect.

it is a grate phone have knot hade any problums with it at all will buy more phone form motorola

It was the worst purchase i have made this year. the phone was in poor to fair condition when it arrived, never charged properly and the charger was almost impossible to keep plugged in.the battery did not keep a charge for more than an hour of use. Then, about three weeks in, it stopped coming on all together. Never again Amazon.

Phone seems to be doing well so far. It just as fast as my x2 was it seems. No complaints.

the product is in a very good shave and it works great.But some times there are some problems with my internet (I can not sign in skype)

This is truthfully a massive step forward from my Droid 1. It is so much more reliable. I cannot say anything bad about this phone. There is a Droid x2 which only has a better processor but this is a great phone if you're in the middle of a contract. It used to have a few power problems and problems with the music player, but just recently Verizon released an update fixing all of that. That update also disabled root access and SBFing. Kind of disappointing, but I can deal with out it until its exploited again. Anyway, great phone on a budget if in the middle of a contract, very reliable and fast for its age. 5/5

Shipping was fast. Phone has been great no problems at all. Price reasonable...best one for buying a smart phone. Thanks! Love it!

I bought this Motorola Droid X Verizon phone for my husband after a bad experience with a used HTB Incredible 2 phone through Ebay (I'm out $10 return shipping).  Before buying again I researched models and saw comparisons that said this model is the most reliable, longest battery life, for it's time.  As for the seller.  This product arrived fast.  It is exactly as described.  A older model but new/unused phone (overstock as Verizon no longer uses it).  Activated w/ Page Cellular no problems.  My husband has his first cell phone, ever!!!  Thank you Oakland wireless!

this is a great product exactly what I expected right size no damages  defects I love it looks like new

It arrived on time and looked great until we turned it on...I noticed a small spot, no big deal though right? Well, in the last couple days it has continued to grow and now looks terrible.  Returning.  If I hadn't received a defective device it would've gotten a 4 star rating.

Is awesome!!

I love this phone so much! The screen is huge, the camera takes great pictures...the only problem is the battery life. It doesn't last very long...but then again, I tweet and text all day! :p

Since I am a first-time smart phone user,lack of a manual was a real problem. After hours of trying to download one unsuccessfully, I finally bought a &#34;Droid for Dummies&#34; book and also vivited my grandson who helped to get me started. I am still learning all the things that my phone can do, and I really love it. It is marvelous to carry so many things in one's purse on one little phone:' I would have given it 5 stars, if it had come with a manual.

Decent battery life and gets good reception, better than my old Incredible. Phone is a little bulky due to the back design but nothing that would deter me from buying it again. Camera is decent. Only wish I can uninstall the pre-installed apps like Kindle, Amazon MP3, Blockbuster, Madden, etc..........

I think this is my favorite phone I've ever had. I bought a used one a couple months ago and I loved it so much, when my upgrade came up, I chose the X2 over the new Droids and Rzr phones.The X2 cannot compare to the X. It is cheaply made and it worked just like the X. So I ended up returning the X2 and kept the X. The battery cover on the X2 broke of into the phone causing malfunctions.If you are thinking of buying the X2, don't do it. Keep the X you have or buy the X over the X2.It is very fast moving from app to app, fast internet even on 3g, and because of its larger size, the touch keyboard isn't that bad at all and I'm starting to get the hang of it. It is larger than an iPhone but smaller than the Samsung Note.It rarely freezes up or restarts itself. In fact, I can't remember it freezing up one time since I had it. I previously had a Droid2 and Droid2 Global and both would regularly freeze and/or restart itself.I have dropped it twice with a silicone cover and it didn't damage it at all.I highly recommend this phone even over the X2.Here is a cheap case that offers great protection and is easy to take on and off to change battery:OtterBox Commuter Series Hybrid Case for Motorola DROID X 2 - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black

It's okay. It would have been better if the phone was sold with a battery. Now I have to find one  seperately.

After 4 days of use it started freezing to the point were I could not use it at all.  I should have known that since my previous Droid X did the same thing.

Best phone I've ever had. I hated my iphone.  Droid is the best way to go.  Love it!!! Have told my friends to go with it AND to order refurbished!  Great company I go this from!!!

just bought this to update my phon,had old flip phone. and this is just great. glad i found this. and i received it earlier than the delivery date. very satisfied

There are newer,better phones on the market, but for $150, the Droid X is remarkable. I had an older HTC and this puts it to shame. The things it can do out of the box is remarkable. Then of course, add a few apps and - wow. Very impressive. Nuts to the naysayers that complain of battery life. That's just the way it is, guys. Big deal. Charge your phone at night and get over it. I bought an extra battery just in case I might need it.As with any smart phone, if you overload the system, it will start to lag. I experimented and ended up uninstalling a few apps right after I put them in. I added a memory manager and it now scrolls ever so smoothly.Also added a case (Otter) because it is not an easy phone to hold - large,(YES!) thin and square. The case makes it easy and protects your investment.Probably the worst thing I can say about the Droid X it is the video recorder. The camera is fine. The the video is vanilla. But again to those naysayers...go get a video camera. This is phone. Stop complaining.Probably the best thing I can say about this phone is that it is NOT an ATT. I wanted better reception - I went with Verizon (PagePlus actually).Love my Droid X!

The phone is awesome! I decided to buy this phone instead of spending another $100 getting a replacement phone with Verizon's insurance. They kept sending me remanufactured in the Phillippines phones. It even syncs the text messages with my Toyota Car Bluetooth, where my Incrediable wouldn't. I've been using it for 2 weeks now and really wish I had done it sooner.

I've had my Droid X for about a year. After updating the OS to 2.3.3 the camera basically stopped working. It either deletes the photo I've just taken or saves corrupted photos 90% of the time and the pictures are grainy and of poor quality. Sometimes it saves over other photos in my gallery! Total FAIL. This also is the second Droid X I've had, the first one stopped working so I got a warranty replacement (The first one had the same problem with the images too). OS. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy any Motorola phone. Motorola phones are of poor quality. They make them look flashy to sell but they put little thought into how reliable the actual components are.

I purchased a Motorola Droid X after Amazon sold me a non-functional part for my Droid X that damaged it. They gave me enough of a credit and told me directly to purchase a certain used Droid X. This Droid X just failed after only a couple of months of use (conveniently past the return date of course), with half the screen no longer functional. It is now completely useless and there is apparently no warranty even on phones sold through Amazon.

I got this phone about 6 weeks ago and it is terrible. The pixels are already going out on it and it will turn off on its own.

My husband bought this, because he has been wanting an Android phone for quite some time.  HE LOVES IT!!  The only thing he would change is the space available.  There is not much space at all.  If you are interested in this phone, I recommend buying an SD card for your media.

Good shape had to return though. It would have made a good phone but my local verizon store wouldnt activate it for me. Seller took it back which I was very greatful for.

I really enjoy this phone. I got this on time and I really love that.  I won't let my son hold this one.

The phone is not as fancy as the new ones but truth be known I never use all the capacity that any of these products offer.  I use it for the phone, texts, email and some limited apps.  It does the trick at a fifth of the cost.

I really like this phone. It is my first smart phone. The more I use and learn about this phone the more I like it.

Since I refuse to be locked into a contract and use Page Plus which is a cheap conduit for getting Verizon. I'm stuck with buying older versions of phones. This phone I believe is very close to the latest technology out there and I don't have to pay thru the nose for a huge monthly bill. I am very satisfied with this phone. The camera is great on it, it has a flash and gives great quality photos, the screen is very responsive and what I like the most is that it has a huge screen compared to the other phones I've had for the same price. The screen is the same size as a Samsung Galaxy 2. The software is current too. I paid 130 bucks for this and it's worth every penny.I will never get a iPhone since they have nothing more to offer than a name. The Droid X has just as much as the Apple for a quarter of the price and you don't have to pay thru the nose every month to own it.

This was everything i wanted. It look great for a great price. Look like its brand new but its used. nothing wrong with it at all not even a scratch. I love it Already.

Hopefully I will be able to find a fresher battery somewhere.  As for the phone...it's not easy...I'm just learning.  Not the phone's fault.

my mother bought this phone for my son from Dealscaly on amazon. its supposed to be new. it looks new but the box isnt a droid box and it has no manual or a memory card. my son had a 16gb card in his other phone so i used that. the manual i downloaded. the phone looks and acts great right now but,he only received the phone yesterday. will write another review later when he has used the phone more to see how long the battery last and if freezing occurs.only gave it 3 stars fro the fact no memory card and no original box and no manual.will give it a better rating when i see how it acts.

Im using this phone for verizons new unlimited everything plan exclusively [...] with no contract and unlimited internet works for me thanks Verizon. As of 5-7-2013. P.S loyal customers program earn free month service now:-)

I bought this phone after suffering through a HTC droid eris for 6 months. After having a horrible phone it is such a relief to have a phone that is fast and has alot of internal memory. The camera quality is a big plus too. Videos load quickly and i can even stream netflix without it glitching or having to slow down and buffer. Over all I Love this phone and would highly recomend it.

everything about this phone was great except for the battery. i was expecting a phone with minor scratches but got a phone in almost perfect condition with not one scratch on the whole thing. if it would have came with a battery that held a charge for more than 10 mins it would be a 5 star rating.

The Motorola Droid X started to be good. Entering information adding contacts and email was simple. The problem began when we tried to check voicemail. Phone stayed locked and couldn't enter anything or end a call. This was a new phone.

I lost my sons phone so we ordered a replacement phone and it worked perfectly fine. I'm glad everything worked.

Case reeked of smoke and had to be thrown away. This was one of the draws to the phone. The phone works fine

Freezes up and is very slow. Turns off whenever and is VERY SLOW! I will not buy another one. I thought I was getting a better product.

Its a nice phone for talking. The sound is clear. I love the talk texting. It understands most of what I am saying, makes texting much simpler. But over all it is confusing. You may find the apps page once and not again. Its very flustrating trying to find something. It only comes with a very basic start up manual. Always having to go to computer for answers.

Order, provided a well needed upgrade to my Droid phone prior to my contract being renewed.  I would recommend working with this seller in the future.

I bought it for my daughter.  She said it is easy to use.  She loves it.  It came on time.  We are very happy.

This android phone is one of the few android phones that actually work well. There are many phones you can buy that are cheaper, but they simply don't compare to this phone. This phone still has the hardware capabilities of many high end phones made currently so it still holds high value. I wanted to get an android phone to replace my tracfone for a long time, but the plans just were not economical. I thought about getting one of the samsung galaxy players because of that reason. Then it dawned on me. Just get an unlocked phone. A used Droid X(refurbished too) is cheaper then the galaxy players and it has better specs in every way. The only risk comes from buying a used phone. You can't be sure what condition it will be in. I had to send my first one back because the LED flash was not working. Hey! You gamers! The Droid X2 is exactly the same except for its DUAL CORE PROCESSOR and it only costs a bit more. CONCLUSION: The Droid X is well worth $140. (But I payed less than $90.)

I had one of these phones from Verizon and accidently dropped it in a water bowl and fried the mother board.  I really couldn't afford a new phone yet, as my contract was only 50% completed.  Verizon suggested I go to amazon.com for a used phone.  Was the best suggestion.  I am thrilled with my "new" used phone and the fantastic service from the vendor.

The fuctionality of the Droid X is working prefectly.  The touch screen is clean and repsonse is very good.  Highly recomment it to anyone whose current Droid X is worn down with touchscreene insensitivity and black marks .

I'm not one of those people that needs to buy the &#34;brand new&#34; yadda yadda because it is advertised better, faster, thinner and it has the next number sequentially in a branded series. I gave this phone a 5 because of the price, the quality and description were all very nicely done. This is my first smartphone and although it is an old one it can still keep up with everything I need it to. I can still remember my friend 4 years ago talking about his &#34;Droid&#34; and while I would just nod my head because I didn't understand. NOW I understand. Phone is Great, Love It

I purchased this phone because my husband and I jumped onto my parent's family plan (it was actually right around the same amount we were paying each month but this also got us data usage.  Otherwise we were just on a basic phone plan).  Since my contract period wasn't up yet (my parents were with Verizon just like us so our contract periods carried over), I needed to purchase either a used phone or find an older style phone to use that was brand new.  Not even 2 weeks after I received this phone the power button sort of broke so that it didn't pop out again.  I was still able to turn the phone on and off on my own, but I REALLY had to press on it and hold it down for a couple of seconds.  I could've sent it back to the seller but they would've just fixed my phone and mailed it back to me and I really didn't want to go through the hassle of being without a phone and sending it back.  So I kept it because really, I'm not that picky about phones.  After a couple of months, my phone stopped letting me add/delete contacts.  Pretty soon after that, it wouldn't even let me click on a contact's name to see their information.  Anytime I tried, it just returned to the home screen.  If I wanted to make a call, I had to first pretend like I was creating a new text message, then I had to copy their number and call it, or attempt to use the voice command service to say that I wanted to call a specific person, but sometimes that would back out on me as well.  I also had some other issues with the camera not saving the pictures correctly.  It would say that it took the picture but when I went in to view it, it had said that it wasn't a viewable file.  SOMETIMES it would magically work again after I restarted my phone but there was definitely a good 6-8 week period that I wasn't able to get my camera to work at all.  I'm still not sure what finally got it to work.  Anyway, I purchase this phone last year in April and I now have a Samsung Galaxy S4 and its MUCH better!  My husband got so sick of watching me attempt to do something as simple as make a call.  I thought it was pretty funny....in a really annoying sort of way.  Basically, I wouldn't recommend this phone to ANYONE.

Where the charger plugs in is messed up sometimes it dont charge all the way org not at all thats the only complaint I have it would be nice to plug my charger in and it charger without fighting it!

I purchased this in May 2013 it had heavy scratches and lot of damage but on top of that it had a droid x 2 back! And it wouldn't even stay on it

This was the exact same model phone that I purhased from verizon 3 years ago.  Unfortunately, I recently lost my phone and could not get an upgrade from Verizon because my teen age son lost his iphone and used my upgrade.  It seemed like a good idea at the time but not so good when you need to use your own upgrade.  This option worked perfectly since I was happy with my previous phone and the only reason for the upgrade was because I lost my phone.  Great price and the phone was exactly as described and came with directions to activate it the same day!  Most importantly, I did not have to pay full price for another phone at Verizon....in the future when my kids lose their phones this will be the route they will have take or of course pay the deductible and use the insurnace;0thanks!

Phone freezes up ,screen goes blank the only way it clears up is to restart but you can't tell what's its doing

excellent phone!!! the only downside to it is i wish it had a front face camera but other than that perfect phone!!!

is a very good phone... has all i need... currently use it more like a computer... i have it connected to my lcd tv.

This was supposed to be a new product,instead I got a used phone, confirmed by Verizon wireless techs.I want satisfaction!

I bought this camera, mainly to replace a broken HTC Incredible, which I can't replace for another 1.5 years.... I did not realize that this was NOT 4G, but aside from that I actually like the phone.  It downloads just as fast as my 4G HTC did.  Some of the apps work better and cleaner on this phone, too.

battery life sucks I charge my phone at least 3 times a day. when I got the phone one of the corners was lose and I got it new.

I've had this phone for over 2 years and it still works like new.  I recently purchased the new razr and passed this phone down to my wife who is currently using it.  The phone has been dropped several times and still has no issues.  You will notice that it is solid and strongly built.  My wife uses this phone now and also loves it.  I was in the waiting line when this one first came out, and we still find this unit to be useful.  I also own the driodX2 and I can tell you that there isn't much difference in the speed considering doul core processor.  For a 3g phone this is one of the best, I would recommend this phone if you insist on staying on a 3g network.  Otherwise I would recommend a 4g phone unit.

This phones works great love the ease of athe android operating system, but battery charger is junk quit working after one day.

this product does not come with the accessories that it is shown with. When I got it I should have returned it but I needed the phone and I didn't really need the accessories. check your phone out carefully. The main button (on the top) of this phone was stiff when I recieved it but it worked. now, 3 months later, it no longer works and the phone is useless without it...look somewhere else for your next phone

I was a little sketchy buying this phone from amazon but alot of reviews were good, so I took my chances. The packkaging was great and got here in 3 business days. I was happy with that. the phone froze like 3 times the first day so I took it to verizon for a software update thinking that may be the case. No. still freezes atleast 3 times a day, force closes on everything. It lags, and cant keep up with me when im on the internet, which makes it freeze again. I try to take videos and it freezes amd wont even save them hardly. THE BUTTONS FALL HALFWAY OUT OF THE PHONE WHEN IM LAYING DOWN TEXTING OR SOMETHING. I do not reccomend this seller or the phone. Paid 200 for junk. I will stick with the android incredible 2. Much better phone, and easier to.figure out than this. The only thing I can say I like is the camera. Whoopedy doo. Blehh. Id give no stars if I could.

I received a droid x bought from this seller for christmas, well long story short, when i went to activate the phone it didnt work. So i called verizon tech support and i read them the serial number, the phone was never put into their data base, i have to wait a couple of days before i can even use my new phone....If you gonna sell me a phone, specially one that is really expensive, make sure it can be activated.....

I would be better getting an ipod touch to go off my wifi at home, than to try to use this phone without a contract. Unless you are hooked to a prepaid or post paid verizon number already this is no use. If you have verizon this is a great phone, it did look like new, had a great feel and nice touch screen from what i got to see it do.

i dont as much as my iphone4 on verizon i am going to fix my iphone4. i am going to give my droid to my friend

I have always been a huge fan of the Motorola Droids however this one falls very short of my expectations.Reasons for one star:First of all the screen developed large black spots (Pixel Burst) covering over 30% of my screen within the first 30 days.The paint on the sides of the phone started chipping off...in my pocket rubbing against my jeans...within the first 30 days.It gets really hot and I think that may have cause the black spots.Its really slow, It takes 20 seconds to turn on or off the Wi-Fi.Apps like Facebook, Words with friends and NFL mobile &#34;perform an illegal action and Suddenly quit working&#34;The camera is really poor and doesn't take great pictures.Things I liked were:The phone design, very slim heavy and durable. I still have never broke the glass on a Motorola Droid phone.However I am not giving up on Motorola, My next phone will be the Motorola Moto G.  Hopefully it will be a much better phone

Is this the one I ordered in December?  If so it sucked.  The second day I had it little lines showed up on it which within 2 weeks became blobs on the screen. I wrote an email and never received feed back on it.  The screen went completely out around April 16 and I ordered another one, it had some problems but the company is working with me to solve the problems.

This item stopped working less than two months after purchase. I would not recommend this product or seller to others.

The Motorola Droid X was in great condition and came with all needed amenities.  Although, after only one week of use, the phone&#8217;s operating system started freezing and shutting down.  The camera would work, but the photographs taken would not store on the phone or on the SIM card.  Also, contacts would be in the phone, but if selected, no information would be displayed.  On top of all these issues, the phone started to charge inconsistently.  After five minutes of being plugged in, the Droid X would say fully charged, even though once unplugged, the battery icon displayed a fraction of battery life left.  I contacted Amazon after these issues could not be resolved.  I returned this product and purchased a different phone.

The total Bottom half of the screen was blinking in and out upon arrival and activation and I can't see and have to guess at the lower half of the screen as to where the call buttons are. Have many glitches and freezes in the screen. Very difficult to use.

Great phone, just a bit sluggish. Owned an X2 prior to this and the speed loss is very noticeable. Reliable phone though.

Love this phone.  Really easy to operate.  Love the video's that tell & show you how to use your phone for different apps.

Product states new, but new in the new box. Also phone doesn't have the Motorola battery. Some cheap after market box and battery.

This phone although it looks new and pretty cannot connect to data network. Rep at Verizon said that the antenna in it is broken.

very happy works well with smart talk verizon towers, great for a first smart phone would buy another I have two now

I needed a new phone ASAP and got this awesome Droid X with no contract for waay less then what you would pay retail at any provider. Got the phone in a few days which was great no scratches, dings, or any problems with the phone love it!

Ordered a new phone and was expecting a brand new product since it said new but the camera had a few scratches on it and the plug ins on the side you could tell they had been used. Still works fine but was under the impression we were ordering a new phone.

This phone was like new.  Works great and a great price.

Slower than the new phones, but does everything we need with great camera and aps. Everything arrived as described by the vendor and new in the box.

Item was not new as advertised, manual didn't match the phone. Power button had to be repaired. Wasn't able to get a replacement in time to return the phone for a refund.

had the phone for just 6 months and the volume is starting to turn off and on and go to vibrate all by its self and the camera button all of a sudden became the volume button the back button wont work even the menu button for the camera stop working so you can't set the camera to what ever mode you want like panaramic Etc... this was bought for a Christmas gift tried to get the seller to help with the phone and basically wouldn't or didn't care ..never dropped the phone or got it wet ..need this phone or a good working phone cause I work for Hospice so as you know it's important to have a phone that Work's..AS THIS ONE DOESN'T AFTER 6 MONTHS ...SO DON'T GET THIS PHONE

I bought this phone for my fiance for Valentines Day. It worked for half a day then something went wrong with the bottom half of the screen. Like a weird flashing glitch. A few days later when I sent it back I couldn't even reset the phone because the flashing glitch had turned completely black. Maybe it was just the phone I happened to buy but I was not happy at all.

The phone is having issues, like I woke up this morning and kept hearing droid, when I looked at it it was going through a boot loop and I ended up having to take the battery out so it would finally stop that, but there are other issues with it too.

pretty solid phone little complicated to use, touch isnt great, battery is average so far. For 2013 its a little outdated.For my first smartphone i wasnt amazingly impreesed but i cant say its not an average phone

Charging chord that I got from the company were very cheap and wound up breaking. The battery in my case was genuine, the wall charger is 200ma only, not 1A, so charging takes a long time. Great phone, love the camera, LED, nice screen resolution. Colors are washed out though (not an OLED screen). Some apps have problems playing videos.

The battery was charged when it arrived, but not the port to plug in your phone won't work so the phone now will not charge.

Had a small mark on screen. Battery lasted 3 weeks then died after 1 call or 15 minutes whichever came first. Find a phone on craigslist you'll be better off.

Well everything was ok until the internet was slow and it kept freezing..... Then all pf a sudden it didnt pick upy carrier data

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend, not myself, so this review is from her.PROS1. It makes phone calls like a charmCONS1. Extremely slow processor, especially on game apps2. It crashes several times a day, despite it having a very low amount of memory used on saved data3. It scratches very easily4. The display image isn't sharp at all

Its ok a little more worn than said it was now the camera does not work after only 2 weeks of using it

Great value. The telephone is a Trojan horse. fast functional Conceals many extras. I don't need to keep up with the Jone's

First phone I received would not charge. Cell phone repair shop said it was bricked. The company sent a replacement that had water damage . Then the company tried to replace this phone with a standard flip saying that the flip was worth more money but they would eat the cost. Called amazon to get a refund . All that was refunded was the cost of the phone not the shipping or the 70 bucks I spent on the phone plan and activation. DO NOT BUY FROM BARNYARD WIRELESS you will get screwed.

I cannot accurately rate this item because it was broken after a week of light use.  If it had worked I would have at least liked it.  I didn't get a chance to view or discover all it's benefits.

This is the description from the seller "Planet Mobile"; Carrier Overstock. Verizon Motorola Droid X Android Phone in new condition. Package contents: Handset, battery, battery cover, charger, data cable, 2gb microsd card and user manual. Guaranteed to have a clean ESN for Verizon Wireless.It didn't have data cable, 2gb microsd card, AND USER MANUAL ! It looked like a used or refurbished from the first moment I saw it. Box has many scratches on it, and when I opened the box, above items were missing. There was warranty booklet, and it has several wrinkles on it which tells this one is definitely a combination of different used parts. If you buy a new phone, everything should be in clean and pristine condition. No wrinkles on your manual booklet !!!MOST IMPORTANTLY, the inside of battery cover has several black fingerprints and black marks. Maybe dirty hand tried to fake the used phone with some poor craftsmanship into a new one, but no, you can't fool customers like that. I took a photo of this fingerprint. Hope I can post it on the item webpage so that no one should be fooled by this vendor. Plus, the battery seems it's recycled one. It has stickers around it, and of course, this sticker has many scratches. I just can't understand why amazon accepts vendor which lies to the customers. I'm returning it, but amazon should take care of this matter and kick out dirty vendors like this.

this phone is great, but I had problems with the screen and could not do anything.when I try to return the product could not. to send back the price is more expensive than buying a new one.

first one came in, but the lower half of the screen does not work, rendering only garbage.asked for an exchange, and its 'auto-rotate screen' by gravity feature does not work.decided to live with it since it seems there will always be something wrong with this Motorola phone.

I really like this phone. My contract was not up and I needed to get a phone to hold me until I could get a new one. I ordered one from Gadgetdawg. They have been so helpful and nice. I received one and there were lines on the screen. I emailed them and they got back to me immediiate. They sent met a new phone and credited me my shipping for sending it back. The phone has a good screen size and it is easy to text,email and to browse.

THE PHONE IS OKAY EXCEPT THE BATTERY DOESN'T LAST ALL DAY.  IT IS DEAD BY 2 IN THE AFTERNOON! OTHERWISE WHEN ITS WORKING ITS OKAY.

i thought this phone was brand newSince the keys fell off and the seller did not reply to my queries  i contacted Motorola who said they woul repair it at no cost.I sent it in and they returned it unrepaired saying the phone was out of warranty.Buyer beware!

Very disappointed.  About as slow as the Thunderbolt it replaced (it died).  This phone was purchased as a replacement so i had little in the way of expectations.  No offense to the seller, I would not recommend this at all!

The phone is not what I ordered. When it came in, it also had no sim card. So, guess what? It  is no good to me at all.

This is the worst phone i have ever had because it would turn off by itself or it would freeze up.

Got this for my wife; her first smart phone. It works perfectly. She loves the large screen, pictures are good, sound quality for streaming music is very good. Very satisfied.

I am happy to see that I could still purchased a Droid X when my last one smoked. The phone I purchased was as Represented, NEW, not like new & they were quick to answer my questions unlike the 3 others I asked , WHO by the way I'm STILL WAITING for my answers. Customer Service is a big PLUS as far as I'm CONCERNED. Highly recommend this seller and will look to them for any future purchases.

The battery was bad and burnt the screen. I brought it for my co-worker who lost his phone. He didnt have time to exchange it.so he just rolled with it and spent another 50 bucks for a new battery.I would never purchase another phone on here again :-(

I love my phone! ... It was by first smart phone and I would purchase from this company again the customer service was terrific.

Even though this is a slightly older model, it works well and does everything I need.  It only supports 3G, but it really doesn't hinder my searches.  I broke my other phone and needed a replacement as I still had 6 months before I could get new one through my current contract.  The phone is made from a sturdy material, which is nice considering I'm a bit of a klutz.

The phone was in great shape and what I expected.  The only problem was the charger took forever to charge the phone and seemed to drain what little power it had while charging.  I solved the problem by using my old charger and now it works great.

DROID XI have purchased 4 of these, 1 was returned (it worked just fine, but it was not new).**Certain sellers sell this phone brand new in factory sealed condition** --beware of the sellers that don't. (just click on the &#34;used and New from $$$$&#34; link under &#34;more buying choices&#34; to choose a seller).___CALL QUALITY___AVoices over the phone are clear.The microphone filters background noise well.The speaker phone works well (sometimes with a noticeable increase in background noise on the other end).The proximity sensor turns the screen on and off when you put the phone to your ear.Using the speaker phone, the screen will stay on until the display times-out.  If you use the power-button to end phone calls option, you will be unable to turn the screen back on during a speaker phone conversation without ending your call (as long as you don't enable the &#34;power-button ends phone calls&#34; option this is not a problem).___Screen___A-The display is bright, clear, large, not easily scratched, and easy on the eyes from almost any angle.  The ambient light sensor correctly adjusts the screen brightness from 20-100% to save battery power (if you want the display to dim lower than 20% you will need to use manual mode... the built-in Android power control widget makes this simple).___Battery___AThe battery lasts all day long.The battery is removable (!!!)There is a built-in lever which pops out the battery (no more broken fingernails trying to pry a battery out of the case).Nothing extends the life of a phone like a replaceable battery.___Camera___B+ (better than the iPhone 5 and Galaxy S3)Autofocus works well, you can even use the touch screen to change focus modes.The dual-action shutter (1/2 press to focus, full press to shoot) works just like a real camera!The dual-led flash is a poor replacement for a xenon flash (but way better than no flash at all) but since it also serves as a dual-led flashlight (which is quite bright) I am not complaining too loudly.The cameras photos and HD videos are acceptable, and quite good most of the time.The camera's auto setting works well in most situations, but you will need to use the other settings for action shots, macro focus, etc......When compared to point and shoot digital cameras from 10 years ago this really shines, and from that sense it preserves and captures memorable moments very well!...Although it pales in comparison to our modern (and expensive) dedicated camera we usually use our Droid X phones (this was not the case for some other phones we have had).___Android 2.3.4 &#34;Gingerbread&#34; OS___A-The Android flavour this phone uses is great.  There is very minimal bloat.Motorola includes &#34;profile&#34; support so you can switch screen layouts between home and work and other.Google is very well integrated right out of the box.  We have a family google account we use on all of our devices so that when one family member adds a contact or calendar event, all of our phones are likewise updated (and we don't have to pay for the same app multiple times... buy it once and install it on every device).There are some really useful features that are missing from Gingerbread (like a running application menu) so a supported OS upgrade from Motorola would have been nice.___Connectivity___AMicroSD - the phones came with an additional 2GB MicroSD card, which worked fine, but were replaced with larger capacity versions (16 & 32GB).  If you plan on using your phone as a dedicated camera/mp3/video recorder/player the option to expand your memory is simply crucial.WIFI - is another must have.  It does not seem to overly drain the battery, but provides much greater data speeds than 3G without using up your data plan.  There are plenty of built-in optionsGPS - The dedicated GPS works independant of the cellular tracking system, and is much more robust.  It integrates with google maps very well, eliminating the need for constant map updates.  It is not however, a replacement device for my Garmin (which has much more features)MicroHDMI - this enables a Doc Interface which is actually quite useful.___Durability___(a/b?)No durability concerns.The metal encased display is particularly solid.The texture and size and weight of this phone make it less likely to be dropped than others I have had.  The phone is very solid, so I do not recommend a solid plastic case, but the softer TPU Gel cases work well to cushion the phone when dropped.________OVERALL________AA++This is the best phone for your money right now if you want to use the Verizon Network.  Motorola has gotten a lot of things right with this phone... Stellar Product!  Wish it had

I really like this phone a lot! The only thing I didn't like was that after the week that I first bought it the speaker didn't work at all and then when I would make a call or vice versa ,I couldn't be able to listen to the other person talking unless I had them on speaker... :( ...Does anyone know where I can get this fixed please !?

My first &#34;smart&#34; phone, the battery life is not quite as good as I was hoping for but I can adjust to that. I needed a new phone but did not want to start another contract with verizon, so I got this CDMA phone and just activated it on the verizon website, simple and fast.

This phone is terrible. Want a phone that doesn't tell you people texted you or call you occasionally? Or alerts you about an e-mail you got two hours ago? How about a phone that freezes when you go to simply unlock the screen to answer a call? Do you want a phone that freezes when you do the simplest tasks? How about a phone that has low battery life? Don't worry, checking you e-mail and Facebook for 10 minutes will only take away 10 percent of your battery life. Do you want a phone with a terrible touchscreen keyboard? Then this is for you.If you do, however, want a GOOD phone, then stay away from this.

The phone was so bulky. To begin the charger I was given didn't even charge and with every message I would get a message from vzw. The phone was just more complicated and worth more than its trouble.

Had the phone for over a year now.  Everyone said it was too big at 4.3  inches.  But now large seems to be more beautiful.My concern is with the physical home keys.  The menu, home, back and search keys are all physical.  They are going to wear out before my contract is up.  Better to get sofware home keys in my opinion.The phone has hardly ever failed to install and run well the new apps in the market. Thus it is plenty powerful to keep up with the more demanding apps coming out for newer devices.  For instance, Jan2012 I installed the new Monoply game from the market. There were many cautionary tales in the app comments about the game needing a powerful phone, etc..  But the DroidX came through and rendered the game very well.  It compared favorably to the install and game operation on my new Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1.I recommend the phone.  Just be easy on button use. Battery.  Ahhh.  Dont expect miracles.  Normal use shoud be fine. I purchased extra 2 batteries and 2 chargers. I use the phone alot.  Some days I have to swap batteries 2 or 3 times. When I go out I stick 2 of the little suckers in my pocket.  I use a silicone cover on the DroidX, easy to take off to swap batteries.

Shipped quickly and works great as described.  Most used phones or electronics have problems, but this phone worked good for a couple months.  After that, it did not work properly.

I bought this AS A REPLACEMENT but I had to go back to my original phone because this phone kept freezing, and not allowing me to change the screen to go to other APPS! This is a good phone, so I've been told, one of my nieces actually has the same type with no problems, even with a cracked screen.

I keep getting kicked off the Internet  and I had a few dropped calls  The battery dropped from 40%to. 0 %in about 2  hours time without doing  any thing on the or with the phone  i cannot down load any of the droid appsImpossible to read the screen i out side  the house battery door  falls off  the back sometimes

The all around look of the product was nice, but so far the performance has been slow and malfunctioning repeatedly. Im some what disappointed in this product. This has become the worse phone ever

Can i use it as prepaid if i dont want it with contract???

As a long time blackberry user, I do like this phone. The camera keeps asking for a sim card. What am I doing wrong?

I got this phone on November 7, 2013 and I am now replacing it today April 13, 2014 (so seven months). The phone was great but since Feb. it's been acting slow freezing and what not. However I'm a very clumsy person the phone did not start acting up until I dropped it the screen did not break but it had little black spots on it two of the to be exact. The phone was good while it lasted but for a person who never drops their phone and is careful it would probably last you longer. It was a great journey for the price great flash on the camera and great video!

Battery needs charging everyday even if you don't use it. I fully charged this phone and used it once and the battery went dead. Then when you plug it into the charger you still can't use the phone unless you have 10% or more of battery. All my other phones once I plugged the charger in I could use the phone right away. Not with this phone. When taking pictures they are not clear, very blurred and the color looks like you are using a 2MP phone. It sucks. Trying to disable all apps is not easy either even when you use Task Killer. He won't disable all task so you use a large amount of Data. It also won't pick up an internet connection even though I'm less than 20 feet from the modem and router. If I stand next to the rounter and put my phone on top of it I can get 5 bars. If I move away say 2 feet I only get 1 bar for the internet connection. Least to say I am not impressed with this phone.

At first, I thought this was an amazing product, but, in the long run, you'll wish for your regular, non-smart phone back.  The processing power on this Droid is so weak that all its capabilities fail to be enjoyed.  Don't count on this phone to record and save photos and videos.  Every once in a while, my pictures and videos become corrupted.  A lot of people say it's just a bad sd, but I've replaced it and this problem persisted.Constantly slow.  Lagging, locking and freezing is what you'll get from this phone.  On my first call, this thing froze and I could make a call.  Seriously, this smartphone couldn't make a simple phone.  I had service and nothing was being working in the background, and the only way to get it to respond was a real hard resent... opening the back panel and remove the battery and put it back.Forget it.  Wait until it's cheaper or get something else.I can assume that's why Motorola release the Droid X2... it's cause the original one was too weak in it's processing.Also, I mentioned tradition.  I know several people with the original Droid and mentioned how quickly the quality diminish.  Not by better, newer technology advancements.  No.  If you Google the problems of the phone, you'll noticed that the smartphone had a deteriating problem for it's cameras.

I requested a Motorola Droid phone and what I got was a phone design for Verizon. It does not have a sim card slot and does not work outside the USA.I have 2 months trying to contact the seller without been able to. At this point I have to realized that I was rip off.

Phone had a small dent in it, but there was no serious damage done to the phone. It arrived on time without any problems.

I bought this phone as a Birthday Gift for my Fianc&eacute;, after receiving the phone and activating with in days a black dot that grew to the size of a pea and growing appeared on the screen. I contacted the seller instantly only to start a trail of run around emails. One asked me to contact them,sent by ESSA, but gave no phone number to call, so I re-emailed to get a email from a unknown person at Applewireless, with a random phone number which I called, it seemed like some ones cell number, I left voice mail and asked them to call me., I asked them to return my call and still have gotten no return call. This phone clearly has a defective screen and you can tell was previously replaced which was not in description. I would never order from this company again. Its been a nightmare. My fianc&eacute; and I just want a reliable phone that works, not hassles. They had my Address when they sent the first phone, when I emailed them of the issue they should have shipped me out another phone  instantly with a postage paid return and we could have shipped back the defective one. May be I can teach them customer service skills to getting five stars if I could rate less then 1 I would.

I bought a DROIDX back in February and it was my first DROIDX. I was excited to get it and I didn't do a thorough examination. Charged it and into the case. Last month, from a full charge it died on standby in under two hrs. 2 new batteries and same thing. I advise you buy a new phone with warranty. Just safer.

Not sure what to say.The  supposed new  "Verizon" phone was not registered with them. (was actually new-other)After waiting days for Verizon to process the phone registration paperwork - i was finally able to activate it.Then it would not connect to the 3G networkAfter hours with 2nd tier Verizon technician, it was finally determined to was a bad phone.As I originally suspected.Item was returned - waiting for credit.

Called customer support and got a free replacement phone with Samsung. It was faulty within 24 hours of opening the package, otherwise it would have been a decent phone.

I got tricked!  I read reviews & ordered a NEW ONE only for Verizon to discover it was used. Not able to transfer from old phone to this Smart Phone. Numbers didn't match. The Verizone Reps were surprised I got this thru Amazon. Never ordered online but once. Will never order again. Would rather spend few dollars more and just go to a Store.

And I think it's a beautiful phone. I didn't download a ton of apps I won't use or need, don't keep it charging all night long and I reboot it once a day. I only charge it when the battery indicator is 20% or lower. It works great as a phone, (imagine that), takes nice pics and the screen is gorgeous. It does seem to use a lot of juice while talking. In fact, I noticed a 20% decrease in battery life after a forty minute phone call. Outdated, and 2010 technology, but with the Vire Launcher and new black rubber case, this thing looks anything but old tech. I have no wifi connection issues (ATT U-verse DSL), the phone doesn't get hot, it hasn't rebooted itself, and if you don't fill it with a zillion apps, the speed is very acceptable. For just over 100.00 you won't find a nicer phone.

I don't really have anything bad to say about this phone other than some of the pre-installed apps that you're stuck with even though you don't use them. But other than that it's a great phone.

I am currently using this phone as a replacement till September of 2014 (my contract renew date) and so far I am pleased with this phone. The screen is extremely bright and its easy to use. I kind of enjoy having hard keys for the home key, back key, and search key. Its medium weight so its not too heavy nor too light. It's also sturdy, no feeling cheap here!

The phone was supposed to be &#34;new&#34; but, when I recieved it the charging port was loose. The only way to charge it was to wrap the cord around the phone to make it stay in the connection port. So, I returned it and bought a brand new Droid X from Verizon. I will never purchase a phone on Amazon again. The seller can say whatever they want to but, that phone was definitely used.

Phone got here ASAP and in condition i was expecting it. Very happy...I charged it for an hour and could not wait to boot it up. I could not activate at first, so I had to call VZW customer service and was told. The MEID# has been reported lost/stolen. Now crest fallen with buyers remorse and a staring to get pissed off, I wrote the seller and just told him the facts. Seller got back to me promptly and told me he would take care of it. In just a few hours the seller contacted me again to tell me everything had been handled. So good to be back in a smart phone!

I bought this phone for my boyfriend and the first one had many glitches. The reviews were good so I decided to order a new one and have had no problems with the second phone. Returns at amazon are one of the reason I use the site so much and I was not dissapointed with this return.

bought this phone for a customer, they love it.  use it frequently to get on internet.  loves it for texting

The Driod is not my first smart phone, I had two windows mobile phones before it.  It is my first droid and I never had the iphone.  That said, i have had a ton of problems with it.The major problem is slow down and I had not downloaded many apps at all.  I have had a hard time syncing my contacts with google.  There were a ton of duplicates and contacts getting accidentally merged and deleted and a very simple task such as texting my friend kelly, which you know every phone I've had for the last 10 years could do, has become impossible.  I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to throw the phone across the room.  it is very frustrating.  Also, I had my camera button fall off.  The new issue I'm having is that the text messages that I'm sending take a long time to send or stay in their getting sent mode.  I've had to restart for this often recently.  It is a nice phone when it works, it's nice to have the bigger screen for kindle and for gps.  But I cannot tell you how many times i've had to restart and take the battery out.  I want a more reliable phone so I'm hoping to get an iPhone next.

It was a good phone till 2 week that I had it when it started giving me problems like it wouldnt charge none of the bottons worked and I couldnt download anything

I bought the NEW DROID X and I was very impressed with the phone. It does everything that I wanted it to do. I recently owned a HTC Incredible an iPhone 4, but I have to say the DROID X has the phones beat in my opinion. The only con I can say that I dont like is not having a front camera. My battery life on the DROID X has been excellent. I went two days without charging the battery and even them two days it was just on 50% lets not forget I been talking on the phone, using the internet, downloading apps so I was really amazed with the battery life. The phone is very big, but at the same time its helpful especially for videos, reading books, web searching, and etc. This phone is fast just for it to be 3G. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone.

Not only did phone come sooner than expected it had a lot of extras we didn't realize it came with. Thanks so much!

Phone arrived extremely fast. The DROID X is still the best phone on the market to date. Long battery life, good pixs, and takes a SD card...you can find all three of those in one phone in the new ones!

I like the Droid X - had an iphone that took a swim and needer a cheap(er) replacement. This is a solid phone - I like being able to add a memory card and most of the apps I used before are available for the droid. My biggest problem with this phone is the camera is just not up to par with the iphone 4S, but it is an older phone. Otherwise works great.

This is the 5th phone, 4 from a different seller. They all restart. One would not charge. They lose sound without you putting it on silent. Recently my daughter notified me on Facebook on pc that she was calling me with no response. I showed no missed calls so regardless of sound some calls never go through.

Bought this for my stepdaughter, she loves it other than the fact that she has to use swype keyboard instead of the qwerty.  Motorola is working on an update for that.

phone works flawlessly.  shipment was fast.  phone in mint condition.  no manual but that's no big deal.  the charger has a super long cord.  I had to get an SD card before I could take pics.overall its a great alternative to paying full price for a current phone or paying for insurance on a new phone.

Phone works as described. It is a new equipment. This smart phone was issued to are transportation department. It has added a lot of funtionality.

Sometimes the phone works - sometimes it doesn't.  It certainly wasn't a &#34;new overstock&#34; phone.The screen jitters at times - sometimes the phone seems to have a mind of its own...Sometimes I haveto shut it off and on to get it unstuck.  Should have sent it back, but at this point I don't want to go through thehassle or switch all my information back to my old phone and look for another phone that supposedly is &#34;new&#34;.It also was to come with a car charger which it did not.  I am just thoroughly disappointed in my only third ever purchaseon Amazon - major purchase.

Does everything I wanted it to do! I love it. The screen size is great and extremely clear. Just go ahead and buy the screen protector.

Well I'm not too happy with this cell phone that was freezing a lot take too long to download applications

A worthless piece of s*** that i have had for 1 month and 2 weeks, it has overheated multiple time needed to be full restored twice and most recently the celluar service on it gave out. i tried to sbf it and then it bricked.... Just dont buy not even worth 0.01$

I don't believe it is &#34;new&#34;, the power souce port is a bit dusty/dirty.  Other than that I'm happy with the all the apps and funtions of the device.

This is a great phone!! I love the look, feel and shape of it. I just wish it had a front facing camera!Two thumbs up :D

Amazing phone! The Droid X is much better than the iPhone. This Droid is one of the most best phones I ever owned. It may not seem much bigger than the iPhone 4, but it is. It works great! This phone blows any iPhone out of the water. Its different with Gingerbread 2.3.4, It has 4 icons on the bottom with Gingerbread. Only issue is it wont allow use of the camera, gallery, music player without a micro sd. It has 8 GB of internal storage (for apps) Its great for Instagram as well.

It's an Ok cell phone. I have trouble with the tough screen. Some time people call me and I'm pushing and pushing the answer button and it just don't work. Some times it does and other times it doesn't, the camera too. I was taking a picture and then it stopped working for nothing it would work to get a another picture; I finally just stopped.

I love my new phone it is just what I wanted in a phone couldn't ask tor a better one

This phone has some good qualities but its slow at times and doesnt have a forward camera which I liked about my iphone.

I bought two of these phones to replace broken or outdated phones.  One of the phones being replaced was an identical Droid X that I have carried for almost three years and has been indestructible until the screen was damaged when it got crushed under the hood of my truck when I left it laying on the cowl while replacing a fan belt.  It had been dropped from ladders and high-lifts on construction sites numerous times with no ill effects, and has always worked well.  Both of the phones arrived overnight, and worked well when activated, however, within two weeks of activation, they have both developed identical flaws in the LCD, two round, dark spots and a third, lighter, irregular shaped spot, of the exact same size and location on both phones.  Neither phone has been dropped or subjected to any mishandling or abuse. The identical nature of the flaws leads me to think there was a batch of these phones that were manufactured with displays that came from a defective production run, that this seller has obtained and is selling at a low price.  I would not recommend purchase of phones from this supplier based on my experience.

This seller robbed me completely by sending me a broken phone and then sending me another piece of crap phone as a replacement. Both phones had the same problems-only half the screen would work. I was asked to send the 2nd phone back for a 3rd replacement, but after I was unable to provide a shipping number, they claimed &#34;it got lost in the mail.&#34; How convenient! And then denied me my replacement or refund stating it had been more than 90 days. I was 2 weeks over the deadline and it most definitely had NOT been over 90 days since I was sent the 2nd defective phone! If you want multiple broken phones sent to you and to be robbed of a refund-shop here, but I recommend taking your business to a more honest seller!!

I have never written a review before but felt the need to voice my opinion and frustration. This phone was ordered through the &#34;New&#34; options, which it clearly has to be a refurb. Here are the problems after a 2 whole months:Black rubberized coating has virtually worn offHome keys are falling out of the phoneHalf of the screen is flickeringUpon making a phone call the screen cuts out and will not come back on until person called hangs up or voicemail hangs upWIFI sporadically cut out data connectivity to the phoneConstant reboots / force closeI will never order a phone from AMAZON again!!! Lesson learned

We have bought two if these phones. One we have had for about two months and the other for a week but both work great and we havr had no problems yet. If your looking for a cheap phone that works amazing i would highly reccomend this one.

Did not know that you only use this with Verison, after sending it to my family in Kenya.So I had to get other phone and since it is over 30 days I can not return it. Happy to report the seller took it back and made me very happy.

false advertisement  and bad for business was not brand new!!!! the camera was poor notice scratches on item looks  used and rewrapped.

I wonder if the Motorola Droid X MB810 Verizon is released and is ready for use in Venezuela.I'm totally interested in purchasing the said product but I wonder if it is fully unlocked for use in other countries, the product description fascinates me, is a totally complete phone and am interested in purchasing if fully unlocked

I purchased a Droid X back in March from this seller and it was a great phone.  The battery lasted all day long and I never had any issues with the phone until today when it flew off the roof of my car at 45 mph.  I plan to purchase another phone from this seller because the phone worked so well.

it always freezes , it turns off , nothing  what i expected , it really pisses me off to get cheated for my money . sta.rted acting up about two days after i began using it .

I really do not care for this phone. It has some neat features and I'm sure plenty more that I don't know about, but my camera is very slow to turn on and I need to reboot the phone often. My husband took a couple of pictures the other day and it showed they were taken but when we went to view them there was nothing there. I now read that others have had the same issue. You have to shut the phone down and the camera should start working again, but those photos will not show back up.

This was a Christmas gift for my son. The first one we received had no microphone response. Not a good feature for a phone...The second one was great for about 2 months, then got a black spot on the screen. Since then, the black spots have spread like measles. My son is still using it as-is, but I have to shop for a new one, it's getting difficult to read texts, and that's one of our primary reasons for him having it.

i love this phone. i thought i wouldnt be happier with anything else but my droid bionic (contract phone) but when i received my droid x i was surprised. it is just like my bionic minus the front camera. it takes excellent pics. the shipping was fast. i had no problems calling up verizon for set up of my new phone. i am very pleased with my buying results. i highly recommend this purchase all the way around.

only had this baby for a few days but love everything about it got the dock to and could not be happerit is nice to have a phone that really works and that i can hear on.

Best phone ITS LOOKS NEW AND COMES WITH A CHARGER TOO ITS AMAZING. GET IT I PROMISE. YOU'L GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH

This was just my in between phone.  probably wouldn't buy it with 4G capabilities being superior to this 3g only phone.  i just needed something right away that wasn't 800 dollars without contract.

Within the first two days of receiving this phone I had problem with the screen and lines running through the phone.  They sent me another phone which I had to pay the shipping and within one week I was having problems with that phone. I talk with someone in the company and I was told to write a letter and state what the problem which I did and I never heard back from the company.  I was stuck with a phone I was only able to use for about a week.  I will never order anything from this company again.  They said it suppose to be a new phone. BULL

This was my second one . My 1st lasted couple years. It was a good phone at the beginning. Finally got dropped = lines on screen. My second one, this current one also got dropped = lines. I did have otter box case on both. I am a mechanic so I am little rough on them. But the first one seemed to be better than the second. I did try the latest droid for a week but was unimpressed . I am writing this on my new iPhone 5 s . No comparison. And that's all I have to say about that. Forest.

THE SHIPPING WAS EXCELLENT AND IT SHOWED UP ON TIME, BUT WHEN I ORDERED IT THE DESCRIPTION DID NOT SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE DAMAGE TO THE LCD SCREEN NOW I HAD TO GO AND ORDER ANOTHER LCD SCREEN AND ALSO THE SIDE OF THE PHONE WAS CRACKED LIKE SOMEONE WAS TRYING TO PRY IT OPEN AND FINALLY IT CAME WITH ALOT OF SCRATCHES BUT I EXPECTED IT TO HAVE SCRATCHES BECAUSE IT WAS USED SO I RECOMMEND THAT YOU THINK VERY HARD BEFORE ORDERING A USED PHONE IT MIGHT NOT BE WORTH IT.

I have been very satisfied with the cell phone that I received.  It was in great condition and looked very good.  I cannot wait to order another.

The one complaint I have with this seller is that they have advertised these phones as new but they are used phones period . The phone I received works okay and has a clean screen . But every crevice and joints have ton of dust and dirt in it.It's like these guys are buying these phones used and just cleaning them up a bit ( not a very good job at that) and then advertising them a s new and selling it.Also notice that this is perhaps the only seller whose price on this product has been fluctuating , may be they prize it based on the condition of the next phone they have to ship .If you need a used phone because u need to replace a broken phone till your upgrade is dew in a few months then go for it . Get it and SANITIZE the product and thoroughly clean it and it should be good to go .If you want a new phone , then buy products sold or fulfilled by amazon , this seller don't advertise the whole truth about the product.

This product was advertised as &#34;new&#34;It was not new. It broke after less than 6 months of use. It literally just stopped turning on. It won't charge, and when tried to turn it on with a new charged battery, all it would do was go to the motorola logo screen, and thats it.When I went to verizon to see if there was anything I could do about it through maybe motorola since this was a &#34;new&#34; device I was informed that this product already had # previous owners since 2010 and in fact was not new.I did not order a refurbished phone, I ordered a &#34;new&#34; phone. If this product was refurbished then advertise as refurbished.This product was ordered from Planet Mobile.

Got this for my Nephews 16th birthday. He loves it. Can't seem to put the phone down. Couldn't ask for anything better

It did not came whit all accessories, the battery was not the original one, no hdmi cable or car charger.

This phone was a good fit for our family and the price was right. It has been reliable and has a good range of features.

I bought this phone and immediately had a problem with it keeping a charge.  I contacted the seller and rather than return it - they suggested they send a new battery.  Took new battery - worked ok for awhile and now has not worked for several weeks AT ALL.  Contacted seller and they will not take phone back or give any type of refund - they have a 30 day policy only.  DO NOT BUY FROM PURE MOBILITY - THEY SELL JUNK AND WILL NOT STAND BY THE ITEMS THEY SELL!!

I paid $100 bucks for this phone, and after 2 weeks the screen has 5 huge black spots on it, and I can't afford to buy a new one!

when ever i turn it on, it goes to a black screen and it dont want to turn on. i have to remove the battery and put it back in everytime it does it. it also has water damage too when i bought it.

Sadly, I've owned this phone for a year and half now and have had nothing but problems.  I've tried rebooting, replacing the memory card, etc. and nothing works.  It seems the unit has trouble writing data to the card as any time I've tried to take a picture, do a video or load music it either crashes and needs to be powered down and back up or the latest insult - it has completely stopped working.I'm getting tired of resetting the phone to factory defaults as I have a day job and can't spend days of my life on the phone with Verizon and Motorola tech support anymore.  I remember the days when the Motorola StarTac was the best phone out there.  My how the mighty have fallen.The worst part is that if you do a search for "Droid X and memory card issues" you'll get thousands of hits.  It's not an unknown problem yet when you call Motorola it's like they won't acknowledge it.  Time to step up Motorola and even though it's out of warranty, recognize I've been trying to get the stupid thing to work for a year and half.  Replace the phone and show some good faith for your defective product.Avoid Motorola products - I know I will!

Phone was brand new. Charger didnt work but i had the one from my previous phone. Very fast delivery. ! Great price for a brand new phone!

I recieved my cell phone with in a week ...we are glad that we got the phone and it is in useable condition. there are some scraches & a ding on the glass of the screen...When the seller has on the phone that it is REFURBISHED I thought that it ment it is in better condition then a used one...But I'm wrong..all in all I'm glad they gave me a 30 day money back guaranteed because I might have to use it..Thanks for your services...

Rec'd cell covers and they are just what I wanted...easy on and off.They appear to be a good texture and quality of silicone,not too thin and easy to tear up.I'm looking forward in using them for a while.and you can't beat the price to give your cell a new look..

The phone was shipped quickly.  I was refurbished but looks new.  I like the FM Radio (off the air) option in this phone for emergency situations. (need to have ear phones plugged in as an antennae).

Got my package, shipping is very fast! came sooner than expected, but unfortunately the phone was chewed up by some sort of animal (or human) directly where the camera is.  (Flashlight was smashed and camera had some punctures in it.) So other than the way it came, It is a very cool phone.

i bought this phone and when i got it i took notice when i turned it on there were little black needle size dots all over the screen. Seeing as to how i was working the same week i bought this package i could not send it back so i called motorola and had to get a warnty put on the divice so i could send it in to get fixed. With that being said i was and still am disapointed with the quality of the product. and after putting out almost 50$ i feel as if i should have taken my bisnuess esle were. And i vow to never buy another phone off of here again and if i do i will be sure i flip out and send it back if there are any issues with the product

My A855 died prematurely and after an exhaustive search and research I decided to upgrade and the X seems much easier to use and much faster. I hope t lasts longer the its predessor.

I bought what was supposed to be a quality refurbished phone. Worked great for the first couple of months and started to short out and was unable to text. When I brought it in to get looked at I was informed it had previous water damage. Not a reliable place to buy a phone. Would never recommend or buy from this company again.

The phone was bought as a replacement for my youngest son's phone which was not a Droid X. We have found that the Droid X is a solid phone with good image quality and performance. It is so good I am seriously thinking of replacing my phone with one.

I have had this phone for about 4 months now and has completely met my expectations. I have had 2 different android phones and an iPhone. The Droid X has proved to be superior than all of these. The best thing about android phones is that you can update the operating system from the phone. On the Droid, the updates are quick and offer great new features. Every time I have tried to update other android phones I lost apps and sometimes they crashed my phone. The phone is also very durable. I have dropped my phone numerous times and have gotten it wet and the phone still works perfectly. The 8 megapixel camera takes great videos and photos.  The app market offers every app you could possibly want and is quickly catching up to the iPhone market. All the apps that I use, which range from games to business tools, tend to start up quickly and run smooth.Although every once in awhile the app will freeze or force close but those problems get fixed in a few weeks. The only real app that I have problems with is the camera. The camera takes a good 10-30 seconds to boot up and I tend to accidentally snap a picture before I am ready. Another complaint with the phone is that it does not vibrate for messages when on silent mode and this causes me to miss many texts and emails. I have read numerous tutorials and my own knowledge to get this fixed but I still can't get it  to work after 4 months! When it is not on silent mode the speaker is loud and is great to listen to music from.Overall it is a great phone. I would recommend this product to people that aren't great with technology and those who embrace it like myself.

This is an exact replacement for my 2+yr old Droid X.  I would suggested getting an otter box cover and screen protector as I did for added protection as this is a light sleek phone that fits nicely in the palm of my med. womens sized hand. My favorite features are it's large screen which comes in handy when I am using the google maps GPS feature from the windshield mounted cradle, looking at photos, watching a video or movie.  Love the clear sharp screen images and photos from the wonderful 8.0 mp camera.  Sound quality is great.  The battery lasts at least all day to a few days depending on how much I use it and what settings and features I am using.  I Love the swipe option for typing.  I'm in my mid 50's and any phone style that I've never used before for a while is difficult for me to navigate till I get used to it's phones features and icons.  For me it was the smart, practical choice since, I love this phone,  am used to it, have all it's accessories and just popped in my old Sim card making it an easy choice to order an exact replacement.  I was careful to order a Verizon compatible phone so I could just log onto my Verizon acct. clicked on the menu option &#34;Replace or Switch Phone&#34;.  The site gave me clear instructions for completing activation by myself and getting my old phone number on my new Droid X . So easy!!  Very pleased!!

A good Android based phone for the price. Takes excellent pictures and video. The battery like is only adaquate.  Overall we are happy with the purchase

I just returned from a nine month deployment and needed a new cell phone so i happened accross this one and it had decent reviews and was recommended by a few friends. The phone i ordered was supposed to be "new" but the phone i received was definitely not new. It was scratched on the battery cover and did not work properly out of the box. It will not recognize any micro sd card i put in it regardless of formatting. I feel like it should be a decent phone but i was definitely let down by the seller. I will not be doing business with them again.

Had a problem with my order. Problem solved a.s.a.p with no hassles. Could not ask for better service. Have been useing my phone for three weeks. Everything is fine. I was able to activate it with page plus with no problem. I would do business with company again. Very trust worthy.

I wrote the review for the wrong item. The phone is no good i can not use the phone. I would like to return the product and get my money back. I have tried to contact the seller and i got no response. I would not recommend this product to anyone.Please contact me at preccious.tarver@yahoo.com

This device had many issues, but I've owned one before that worked great. Going to have to return for a working phone.

Pretty much a very good phone even though the media speaker volume is not loud. But the 8 mega pixel camera is superb. I have been toying with it from the moment I received it and I had to charge 2 times so you might want to purchase an extra battery if your a heavy phone user. Overall its a good phone

I AM THOROUGHLY ENJOYING MY NEW DROID X PHONE BY VERIZON.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE VERY HIGHLY.  THANK YOU.

was real happy with it come win they said it wood looks like new works like new wood buy from thim again

I bought this for my boyfriend for a gift after his other droid phone went out. He is so happy with this phone. He only texts and calls so this is perfect for him. Fast shipping and quality product. I will definitely use this company again!!!

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! I had it replaced once because the first one I got had some major problems. I have now had my replacement for 3 months, and it is pretty much unusable. TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!! Might as well buy a new phone instead of going through all the hassle of replacing the phone. I would never ever buy a refurbished phone again.

It died a week later and also had dead spots in the screen, I'm very disappointed in the seller and will never buy from them again. It was a rip off of a $100 dollars.

This was bought for my son I did all kinds of research this is a great phone if it would hold a charge. the phone has the red X that shows water damage no big deal cause it was listed as refurbished. Don't know if its the battery or the phone. So now I'm ordering new battery.

never used it worked one time after battery installation and after that never worked again. will not trust and item like this again.

Problems Problems problems.  The 1st phone I received had to be returned because it would not play music.  The replacement phone I received never worked right.  It would reboot by itself once a day. The chip went bad in less than a year and had to be replaced.  The phone contently needs to be soft booted to work at all.  Has trouble with running Music while the GPS is on. And lately making a phone call has become a problem.  And 4 sizable and growing pixel holes have appeared on my screen.And lastly tech support is useless.I am due for a replacement phone in 3 months and will not be buying a Motorola ever again.

Phone was glitch and slow. This Droid X is a lot older then I was previously using so that should be taken into account when purchasing this phone. Sellers were extremely nice about retuning the phone couldn't  ask for better customer service. But the price is a great deal.

Is ok not especially happy with the battery life. Was also surprised there was no sd card with the phone.

At first the phone was working fine. Then one morning it just stopped working. It would load and once it got to the home screen it would just reboot itself and it would not stop rebooting.

had to return the original, which amazon has great customer service.  the second one we got the camera didn't work.  My wife didn't want to go through any more hassle so she just kept it.  about a year into it the screen started to go out and we are now replacing it with an HTC. Terrible phone and definitely not new.

I recived Phone was good xcept Battery cover was broken cant get in touch with the people i bought it from to get that broken Door.

I received it quickly, I purchased this phone because we upgraded our phones, and are now on the web... and I couldn't afford a new one until my contract is up.  It is &#34;tiding me over&#34; until June.  I appreciate that I now have the web, banking, pandora.. etc. but have had problems with the phone.  After having it in silent mode... even after I've put it back on, it will stay silent.  Also, at times I call people and they can't hear me.  I fix this by turning it off all the way.. and then putting it back on. (i.e. when my computer does this, I reboot.)  It seems to clear the problem.  Anyway, I still like it very much.

This phone is exactly what I wanted. It had a big beautiful seen on it. The biggest i've had so far. I'm glad I saw this phone and purchased it. It's in better than mint condition. Good buy!!!

Supposed to be new.  Looked new, but under battery cover it said refurbished.  Plus I wasn't able to activate, could have been me.  But, my friend and I tried 10/12 times.

Although I love this phone and it is my third one....the battery only lasts about 5 hours when charged overnight. So..I just bought an extra battery because I love the phone. Problem fixed.

The price is right. The camera is good to use and easy too. I am very satisfied with it! So I bought one more for my partner. He loves it too.

I got this to replace my Droid I. This phone kept the ease of use while boosting the speeds and despite the size, fits very well in my pockets. Fantastic phone.

Still buying my original Droid and it works with my Strait Talk plan. Best plan for the $$$ @ $50 a month out the door.

I am very angry because they sent me a broken phone. They're were scratches all over it and shortly after having it a little black dot appeared on the screen it grew into a large dot and two more showed up. the review said it was a used phone but said it was like new. The phone only lasted probably about two months. I'm very very disappointed that i wasted my money on that phone.

Good phone but if left in heat the screens breaks. It worked fine for about 3 months until I left it in the car for about 40 mins screen cracked. But other than that its a great smartphone.

Sold me a stolen/lost phone couldnt activate then sent me a new one in very poor condition with defects and screen problems. Promised me 15% back off the price of the phone and my shipping and handling money back. Very unhappy with this seller and will NEVER buy from them again. Didnt use the phone for even a month and am now out all of the money i spent on the phone and the time i spent waiting on them to send me a phone that could actually be used.

Got the Droid as a Hanukkah gift for my wife, wasn't to keen over it, Traded it in for the iPhone instead.

This phone has been the best that I have ever had! No problems with it and it gets good signal, especially out where I live, which is in the middle of a large mountainous area. Very happy, this phone fit all of my needs. Thank you.

charging port doesnt work all the time and battery case was pried open from a screw driver, so much for a like new phone.... horrible seller also to deal with

I was really disappointed i couldn't use it for my network but the phone overall was pretty good, good condition, better battery life than my old phones.

Because the phone does not stay charged. It turns off in the middle of me doing anything on the phone. It erases my contacts out of my phone. I have already complained about this phone and they gave me some instructions on how to fix the phone and it DID NOT WORK.

I am very happy with this purchase, phone was exactly as promised and I received my purchase quickly.  Love this new phone, bigger than I thought but that's good for watching videos.  Would buy from this seller again :)

Sold as New condition.  When I recieved the phone it had a dot, dime sized on the screen that was a deadspot, displays nothing.  Because I purchased for one of my drivers that had no phone at the time, I chose to keep it.  In my mind, there is no way that the seller did not know that the phone had a void spot on the display unless they did not test it prior to shipping.Never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It wasnt what was advertisied. I had to file a complaint to get just part of what was said to come with it

Everything  About this phone was great i really wish i hadnt of traded it in for my Galaxy S3 it was durable, fast  and had a great operating system  the only draw back was battery life on this phone the battery did not last long and i would  have to cary a spare around with me as well an extra charger. other than that i have nothing negative to say about the phoe it was very durable, held up well and if it werent for my compulsion with have the latest and greatest i would still have it and would still be loving it

I recieved my droid about a month ago, and i bought it used, but it got here like it was a brand new phone. it didnt have any scratches or anything. its everything that i want in a phone, screen size and apps. it shipped on time and didnt take longer than 7 days to get here. it loads pretty fast and the battery life is great. the only problem with the phone is the on and off (power) button at the top is kinda hard to press but i have learned to just press it harder to turn the phone on and off, but i dont really worry about it cause i rarely have to turn it off, and to put it to sleep or wake the phone up all i have to do is hit the home button instead of the power button. but i love my droid very much! i have always loved droid phones!

I bought this for my teenage son. He is very rough on phones, but this one definately seems to be holding up better than any previous phone I got him

i had to return this phone because when we got it, it was frozen and didn't work at all.  unhappy hubby :(

Great speed of delivery, packaged nicely, came with everything described! In short, I couldn't have been more pleased by the product. However, you all need to realize the Droid X does have problems to it, so be sure that you want to buy it. I honestly love it, and I've owned quite a few smartphones, but it freezes up due to a weak processor, and crashes/reboots occasionally. But that's merely how the droid x is.Jesse- PA - 17 y/o

i bought Motorola Driod for wife shes only had it active for 10 days and screen is getting lines in it looks like a cat. new phone im not so sure my advice is don't buy phones from amazon. my faith of company went to zero. Gonna take seconds thought on buying anything else from amazon.

I got this as a gift 3 months ago, it's an okay entry/newcomer smartphone, but I plan to replace it soonLIKES*large, sharp display*very comfortable to hold*money's worth*decent batfery life, lasts up 4-5 hours on 3GDISLIKES*cheap looking*paint around screen and keys start to chip after a month*blurry close up photos; cannot capture and read qr codes, gift cards, checks, etc (very good for regular photos though)

if u need a good phone for cheap this is the place once again amazon has made me vary happy and i can trust them

I received my phone from this company and it was fine for about 2 months, then it started to act up.  When I talk the people cannot hear me unless I have it on speaker phone.  When they talk to me, half the time they sound like they are underwater.  I think this phone was damaged and sold.  I tried to call the company with no response.  I am very disappointed!

The phone came in a timely manor appeared To be in good working condition but when i started using the phone i realized the touch screen is not working and would cost me 100.00 to repair

While the phone does look new, the back cover is very loose ans comes off all the time and the battery doesn't hold a charge for more than a few hours.  Not quite what I was expecting, not quite like new unless that was supposed to apply to appearance only.  When it does stay charged it does work great!
