
I am so excited about this smartphone because it is my first and you never forget your first =).  I got a great deal on it on Black Friday so I couldn't resist the temptation. Here are some of the pros and cons of this phone:Pros:1) Good 3.2 inch screen2) Android Market3) Great on games such as Angry Bird4) Good 3G speeds5) Daily PlannerCons:1) Android 2.2 instead of the latest 2.3 Ginger Bread2) Screen Rotation is a little slow3) Speakers are too weak especially on voice-guided GPS4) Wi-Fi B/G with no N support5) No Flash support for both camera and adobe.Overall I'm happy with my phone; basically you get what you pay for.  I would recommend this phone to a friend for their basic needs.

I love, love my new phone. And its my first Android phone but its just the best phone I have ever had. Bargain price for such a great phone and all the apps etc it contains. Speedy delivery and looks like it did on the screen .I would recommend this to everyone, monthly fees are great value.

I purchased aN LG OPTIMUS through Amazon for use on Virgin Mobile. The deal sounded too good to be true and it was. This phone would not work at my location. The Virgin virtual help desk is a joke. If you press on hard enough you can actually speak with a live person ( in the Phillipines and very difficult to understand). They were no help at all. I guess you must give it a "one star" but I would rate it a zero. Amazon was very good about taking back the phone.

This phone FOR THE PRICE is the absolute best deal around. Of course there are much more high end phones available with bigger screens, more do-dads, and faster processors but you know what? I feel like this phone is the perfect fit of functionality but not being overly excessive like having a ridiculously large screen, weigh too much, or horrible battery life due to juiced up processors.Setup was easy and required a few simple steps to get up and running. I can't comment on customer support because I have had no problems with the phone or the cell service after 3 months of use.The size is just perfect so it still looks like a phone when you have it up to your ear and not like a mini tablet that you have next to your face. It feels good in the hand, although I will probably get a case because I have big hands and would like a bit more grip.The processor is more than fast enough to do PHONE related tasks - music, email, web, calls, multitasking. You are not going to be playing high end games on this thing. It opens and closes all apps really fast and allows me to bounce around between them with no lag.Battery life was initially pretty bad only lasting about 4 to 6 hours with heavy use, but I installed an app called "JuiceDefender" and now this phone goes all day with 30% left. You will probably have to charge it daily but this should not be anything new to smartphone users. My EVO ate batteries for breakfast, so I am more than happy with the battery life on this thing.I'm new to Android but had Iphones, Windows Mobile, and Palm phones previously. While I still prefer Apple's OS, Android is great and I'm happy with the amount of customization you can do.I pull at least a 3-bar 3G signal everywhere I go (I live in the midwest). You should probably check 3G coverage in your area before purchasing. I had a Sprint phone previously so I basically get the same network but at a much lower cost.LG stated that we'll get the Gingerbread upgrade too! Bonus.

I've been using this phone for about 2 months now...I'm pretty happy with both the phone and Virgin Mobile's service so far. If you're like me and don't like to be stuck in a contract in order to have a phone, then I'd recommend purchasing this phone.

I love it.  I didn't at first because I was still learning about it.  After a while I could navigate and explore it myself.  I like it.  It is just the storage space.  I didn't know  that you save your songs, games on the card when you download them, not on the phone.  It took me a while to realized what I was doing was not right.  Well, I know better this time.

I've never seen the point of paying extra every month just so I can get a "free" upgrade in two years on a contract plan. I've had a phone through Virgin Mobile for several years and decided to finally get a smart phone. I really like this LG Optimus. It does everything I need, from surfing the web to messaging and calls. If I have one complaint it's the short battery life. I went from a flip phone that I only needed to charge every 4-5 days. Now I'm having to plug my phone in every night to charge or it'll be deader 'n a doornail midway through the day. I tried letting the battery drain almost completely before charging, which isn't always convenient because I may not be near a power source when it finally goes out. Admittedly, I'm not a phone tech person, so have no idea how long battery power should last, but 24 hours seems a bit on the short side. Finally figured out how to turn off some apps, so that should help. Virgin Mobile is great though. Never have dropped calls, no problems getting service.

Like every other review for the Optimus V, it is a great product, and the seller's transaction was smooth as well.

My first smart phone, and I couldn't be happier.  First off, the plans offered by virgin mobile are excellent....$35 for 300 monthly talk minutes plus unlimited text and data, $45 for 1200 minutes plus, and $55 for unlimited everything.  I mostly text rather than talk, so I went for the middle plan, but  who knows, I may even be able to downgrade next month!I was worried about getting a phone without a keyboard, as my fingers tend to hit the wrong buttons, but so far I have had NO problems with that.  I love the swype feature as well,  it gets what I am trying to say about 90% of the time!  And I LOVE LOVE LOVE the speak feature, no typing at all!  Just talk slowly and clearly, and it pretty much nails it every time!I'm intrigued by all the android apps....the phone hooks up to Google Play and you can either browse and download apps from your phone, or from your computer and they download right to your phone.  They have tons of free apps, but watch out, some of them will install stuff on your phone like "top apps" or shopping crap.  Read the user comments of the apps,people will usually steer you away from the ones that suck.  Google maps app is pretty cool, it turns your phone into a GPS and you can zoom in on any location on the street view feature.The one app that I downloaded for free, and love, is FoxFi.  It turns the phone into a mobile hotspot so that you can get internet access wherever you are if you are out of range of a network.  I am currently writing this review from the middle of the woods on a camping trip, using my Optimus V as a hotspot, and it is working great!The camera takes decent pictures, contacts are easy to add and access, and I haven't even begun to explore all the stuff that is on this phone.  So far, so good!

brought this for my  mom  because she needed to  retire  her  flip  phone.  and  she  enjoys  this  phone  more than I  thought  she  would!

I have just bought this phone, & it is going back.How this piece of junk gets 5 stars, I have no idea.The on screen keyboard is the worst I've ever used.Text messages are extremely difficult to type, send and store. I spent 45 minutes to set up my Calender,because the keyboard is so poor. Entering text, for some unknown reason things go wrong, & you have to start allover again.Auto-text seems to be missing, and I don't want the Google calendar, as I have to sign in(my password is secure, and long). It frequently locks up.Also the Micro-SD card sent was the wrong one (Mini-SD was sent without the mini-SD adapter and the micro-SD which fits into this)Set-up is also a pain.The manual has such tiny letters that I cannot read it without a magnifying glass. You have to download the.pdf file from Virgin.Lastly, Customer Service is the worst (poor English spoken, and it takes a long time to get an attendantdue to the voice reply instructions/service). There is no quick way to get a real personAvoid! (if you want to stay sane and heart-attack free)I struggled to return this phone to Virgin Mobile.Here are some facts that are difficult to obtain:- Call and get an RMA number- Return address for phone:VIRGIN MOBILE RETURNS CENTER501 AIRTECH PKWYPLAINFIELD,  IN  46168-7408OrVirgin Mobile returnsc/o Brightpoint N America2675 Reeves Rd, suite 190PLAINFIELD, IN 46168- The price of the phone should be credited to your credit card- Ask that the automatic monthly payments be suspended until you buy your new phone (from Amazon of course)- How to reach a live person:Call 888-322-1122Press 0 as soon as you hear "Alex", and keep pressing 0 for each request made for more information- You may get your plan changed to $35 per month instead of $25 per month.- If this happens, E-mail them at:Tier3@virginmobileusa.comDemand a Beyond Talk plan for $25- If all this fails, cancel your account, and start from the beginning. Forget your old account.Hope this helps.

...just get this one. The physical keyboard, glass screen and "faster" processor on the Intercept are not worth the money or the hassle. The Optimus works. The Intercept doesn't. Simple as that. Read on if you're not already convinced.The Samsung Intercept seemed like a great deal at the time. It was the only Android phone available through Virgin Mobile then, and I'm done with contracts and overpriced service. The Samsung worked OK at first, but as soon as I added any apps to it at all, it got bogged down QUICK. To the point where if I received a phone call and tried to answer it, it would lag so badly that the call would go to voicemail before the phone could answer it. Apart from that, the data connection (wireless AND wi-fi) would disappear frequently, and the only way I could get it back was to power-cycle the phone, which takes SEVERAL MINUTES just to boot back up. And then it would lose data connection again in less time than it look to reboot the stupid thing.A quick Google search proved that these problems were not just isolated incidents, so I decided to just get rid of it. I got an LG Optimus V, and I'm so much happier with it.So, what's better? Nearly everything. Here's the laundry list...* The price. Samsung has marked the Intercept down since I bought mine, but it's still wasted money if the phone won't work.* Froyo. The Optimus already has 2.2, an enormous step up from the Intercept's 2.1. An update to 2.2 is supposedly in the works for the Intercept, but there's also an update to 2.3 in the works for the Optimus.* The SPEED. The processor in the Intercept is nominally faster (800mhz vs. 600mhz in the Optimus), but that one processor is doing everything, and it's gonna lag like you wouldn't believe. The Optimus has two processors, one of which is a graphics processor. So your phone won't lag so much. HUGE difference.* The screen is bigger and is higher resolution. Plus, more Android apps work with the resolution of this phone than with that of the Intercept, since the latter's screen has weird dimensions.* When the Optimus vibrates, you can feel it just fine, but you can't hear it. When the Intercept vibrates, it rattles so loudly that you might as well have just left the ringer on. (If you lose the phone often and call it to find it, get the Where's My Droid app, which can take the phone out of silent mode when you call it.)* I get better reception, even when streaming audio. It's also capable of 3G speeds - I only ever got 1X with the Intercept.* The camera's better. Not amazing, and no flash, but if I want to take high-quality photos, I'll use my real camera, not my phone cam.What's not better?* Call quality - I've heard the Intercept's call quality is better, but I honestly don't notice a difference, and I don't see what difference better sound quality makes if you can't even answer the stupid call.* The screen is apparently plastic, instead of the glass used on the Intercept. A screen protector should fix this, though.* The Intercept has a slide-out QWERTY keyboard. The Optimus does not. But using Swype on the Optimus is a breeze. Besides, I never used the physical keyboard on the Intercept anyway, because it was lousy.* Battery life is on par with the Intercept, which isn't great. Takes hours to fully charge, and only a day or two to run out, so you'll have to charge it almost every day.This phone lives up to Virgin Mobile's promise of unlimited texts and data for a dirt cheap $25 without the classic caveat that you get what you pay for. The Intercept wasn't even worth the $25 a month when it came right down to it. Buy the LG and never look back.

This phone works so good. Its great get on the internet. It even got to me early. The phone came in the original box and it never was opened.

I moved to an area where Verizon had no coverage, so I said goodbye to Verizon and my Blackberry Storm.  The gold standard (iPhone) was an option, but a pricey one for a decent data plan.  Android is the next best thing, but not all Android phones are equally good.  The other reviews are accurate -- LG Optimus V is a GREAT phone; best I have ever had.  Most of the best iPhone apps have been ported to Android.  I do not feel the least bit deprived for passing up the iPhone.Prior to buying this phone, I tried to port my old Verizon number to a cheapie voice-only phone on Net10.  But Net10 customer service couldn't figure out how to do it.  Virgin Mobile customer service is only so-so; it took 2 attempts and a visit to the Verizon store to solve a mistake made by Virgin while porting my Verizon number.  But it was time well spent because their $25/month plan is unbeatable for voice & data.  With any luck I should not need to worry about customer service for a long time.  If I was willing to accept a new phone number, the whole experience would have been plug-and-play from day one.Until my Verizon coverage disappeared, I did not realize it would cost LESS to avoid mobile phone contracts.  Verizon's non-contract options are pricey, AT&T; is only a little better, but almost every other carrier has a better deal than than VZ and ATT.  Unfortunately, their non-contract phone selection is usually awful.  The carriers that offer reasonably priced data seem determined to prevent you from getting a phone that might be used to take advantage of the service.  Virgin's $25/month plan and the LG Optimus V solve the problem; great plan and a great phone.  If the coverage exists in your area, this is a great choice.  Contracts are for fools!Retail price of the LG Optimus V varies quite a bit; be sure to shop around for price.

This is my first smart phone and using the beyond talk plan and I'm loving it! I'm really happy about finally leaving at&t gophone plan... I love the android market has tons of free apps you can download.. If you don't want to use your virgin mobile talk min just download skype from the android market and you can talk for free.. I love this phone so much that I'm going to buy another one for my son.. Sign-up for A new service with Virgin Mobile. Input Kickback Code OD55OLP6 in the KICKBACKS box.. When you activate your phone online.. Top-up or charge at least $20 to your Virgin Mobile account within 45 days.. We both get 60 **FREE** bonus minutes for the month!

Daughter lost her previous phone, which she liked just fine. This one is more functional than the previous, and she seems to like this one fine as well. I have  heard no complaints, and the price was reasonable.

I bought this as a backup while my Real Smartphone was being worked on. It is w/o a doubt a cheap everything about it Internet Phone with tons of practical value. The display is lame but for a backup, it definitely does the job. The phone call quality is as good as any other with ZERO dropped calls for me. Virgin Mobile has been around for a long time now, and I am pretty familiar with them, also making things pretty easy. IDK what plans are for what phones, but I originally got the $45 Monthly unlimited plan using a pre-paid Debit Card under a bogus name. No way to track me or connect me to it really. I just do things like that for fun and to keep in practice if I ever decide to go completely off grid... again ;) Though of course I would'nt use a Virgin Mobile service after this review :) Moving forward though, I was later able to switch things around with VM to where it only cost me $10 a month to use it all I wanted.It has all the basics- camera, video recorder, unlimited texting, unlimited internet/data, and nearly endless ways to pay nearly nothing to keep it going as VM is really everywhere. Some people may choose to have a NICE smartphone, and use this ditch phone to keep the bills very low. Makes for a perfect smartphone for shameless cheapskates. It is definitely worth it to have a device like this as a great backup. One of those things to have and not need than need and not have these days ;)

The phone arrived promptly and in the original case, everything I expected, hope to do business in the future, thanks!!

You can't use the paylo plans with this phone, which is why I bought it. I needed a second phone for work to protect my primary phone from random work calls while not at work, but this phone can only use the Beyond Talk plans. So if you want the very inexpensive paylo plans, DON'T get this phone.Call quality not that great (lots of static).

I was very happy with this phone for the first several months, since then it has been a steep slope with more bad than good. it started rebooting all the time even in the middle of calls. the whole phone will freeze, the buttons and screen stop working, it even starts playing the virgin Mobile startup music over phone calls.

I, too, am especially appreciative of ajpd's review and heads up on the Optimus V, Google Voice, and SIPdroid. So I'll take a shot at answering how to do this as of December 2011 (especially as I just spent two frustrating days accomplishing it, after buying the Optimus V onsale locally). So this is less a review, than it is a how-to addendum to ajpd's original post.To be sure, a lot of what you'll google on the web about "how-to" do this, simply isn't applicable anymore: as usual, Things Have Changed (since even earlier this year).My pre-suggestion is Don't do ANYTHING with your new phone until AFTER you read the instructions below. (Or keep this in mind if you've had yours awhile and want to try this.)To be able to use your LG Optimus to place VOIP calls via a WiFi connection, you must do these tasks *only* in the following order.1. Configure your wireless router, making a note of your SSID (and you need the logon password ...forgive me for stating the obvious, but "you never know").2. Desktop PC: If you don't already have Gmail, you should sign up for that first. (You'll want/need an account.)NOTE: You don't want any "strange" characters in your Gmail account name (a "period" is a "strange" character).3. Desktop PC: Sign up for Google Voice [GV], and choose a new number. (You want their new phone number ...for this, and other reasons.)4. Desktop PC: Configure GV. Make sure Chat *is* enabled.5. Desktop PC: Add a current phone number where you can receive calls.NOTE: I already had a verified phone number in GV ...use a friends' phone, for now, if you don't have a phone, so that Google can call to verify you ...you can remove the number later, when you add your phone's "real" number if or when you activate it.6. Buy a new Optimus V phone at Amazon :-) ...or open the phone package, charge it, and turn it on now. And no, don't worry about activating it yet ...this really does work, mostly). Ignore the popup "Activate now" message.7. Phone: Connect to your WiFi - or wireless - router. On the Optimus, this will turn off 3G btw (dunno why, just the way it works on mine & my wife's).8. Phone: Click the Market tool, Search for and download the Google Voice 'droid app, install it, and start it.NOTE: You will *not* be able to get past the "recognize this phone" GV application setup btw (don't worry, it works anyways as you will be able to call out and receive calls over WiFi, sort of). You *must* sign in to Google Voice on the 'droid before the next step(s).9. Phone: Now - and ONLY now - search and download the SIPdroid tool with the Market app, install it, start it, and click the pbxes.org setup notice at the bottom of the first SIPdroid screen (if you don't see that little notice, you didn't install GV first, or you have a GV problem ...so uninstall SIPdroid, uninstall GV, check your Google Voice account, and start again).NOTE: SIPdroid performs an initial automatic setup of a pbxes.org account *correctly* for you ...PBXes is tied into GV via SIPdroid (to the best of my understanding, pbxes.org is what makes this thing work).NOTE: If you have any "weird" characters in your Google account username (and even a period is "weird"), you will have to change the pbxes.org username at the top of the setup screen; this problem is *not* obvious, as you will just get a failure message from setup until you change the pbex.org new account username in the SIPdroid setup.10. Desktop PC: Logon to pbxes.org (which is a German language website btw; don't worry, it will change to English automatically when you logon with your Google username and password)NOTE: the pbxes.org account logon will use the same username and password as your Google account, and was set up by the SIPdroid tool on your LG Optimus ...I have *no* idea what you do if your username was already in use on pbxes.org btw: start over with a new Gmail account name I'd guess).11. Desktop PC: Click Extensions --> Add Extension --> SIP --> and fill in an Extension number (ex: 100), your Display Name (ex: My Name), and a *new* password (make a note of this password for later). From the drop down Voicemail and Directoy field, choose Enabled. Click the Submit button. And at the top, click the red bar to Apply. Your new extension will appear in the left column. Click it. Make a note of the dial box contents (ex:SIP\yourgoogleaccountusername-100).NOTE: PBXes is a non-trivial user environment. You are on your own if you have problems; I can't help you.12. Phone: Open the SIPdroid app again. Click the menu button (lower LH corner of phone), and choose settings. Click on SIP account --> Authorization Username ...and fill the popup in with the pbxes dial box name, leaving off the "SIP\" prefix (from the example above, you would type in yourgoogleaccountusername-100). Click on the password, and enter in the "extension" password you created in Step 11 (i.e, don't use your Google account password). Place a checkmark by Use WLAN. Click the Home button to bring you back to the 'droid desktop.NOTE: You shouldn't have to change any other parameters ...and don't muck around in there at all unless you're confident you know what's going on.At this point, you can place and recieve voice calls via WiFi. You may be able to text (I was able to do a couple of test texts, and then nothing ...though I didn't have any problems with calls, ever). As ajpd reported, you will now have a working cell phone that allows you to place calles using a form of VOIP through your WiFi connection, bypassing the cellular backbone (from your end).However, you *should* activate the phone now though, by purchasing at least the minimal Virgin Mobile [VM] smartphone package ($35 for 300 minutes). Because, well, the above technique can be problematical. I've no idea why texting worked, and then it didn't. I mean, *calls* seemed to be just fine (I made a couple of dozen plus calls, including fielding a support call from a client two states away, that spanned 45 minutes duration), but texting was flaky, and I was clueless about troubleshooting why texting had quit working after the first successful messages.All I know is that *after* I activated my wife's phone, and was able to add the new VM phone number to Google Voice (and verify it), everything on her new LG Optimus was shiny (Firefly reference btw). And after I activated my phone, ALL my earlier test emails & voicemails were delivered.It is quick & easy to change between WiFi and 3GS (Settings --> Wireless & Networks --> Wi-Fi ...check or uncheck Wi-Fi, 3GS will automatically come up) ...and I don't see how using WiFi would break the phone's service agreement.Caveat: YMMV.Nor should any provider be tracking such usage (or justify tracking it: I don't trust anyone about privacy matters anymore, hence the caveat) and counting such calls against your plan minutes. (Especially as at your end, technically you're not connected to the cellular data network at all.)After all, this is simply a form of software VOIP, courtesy of Google Voice, which rather artlessly bypasses the cellular network completely ...delivering packets via the usual Internet backbone ...and finally to the dialee, with the contrivance of Google, bless 'em.Oh. And do note that the Google Voice blog recently announced that for 2012, calls will continue to be free.I'm quite happy with the LG Optimus btw. I had to give up my iPhone 3GS when I moved to a new state several weeks back, and (other than memory), the LG Optimus is at least the 3GS' equal ...except in internal device memory (which lack is somewhat mitigated by the expandability of the micro SSD slot, with up to 32GB cards). It seems a bit smaller physically, and it's definitely nicer to hold (due to the rubberized plastic).And I rather like the Froyo interface *more* than iOS btw (I use LauncherPro instead of the default VM desktop: sweet).I haven't rooted the phone or anything, but I haven't seen a need (yet) to do that (I've only had it a few days).A solid four and a half stars ...the half point being off for the small memory space.When you factor in the price, the low monthly fee, AND the no-contract provider ...I paid less for this and a month of usage, then a Sprint iPhone 4 costs with discount (let alone the 2 year contract) ...and there's no penalty if I bail on VM ...so: I give it back the half star. Five stars. FTW.Oh. And one last observation: I had a backup VM phone for 10 years (while concurrent with Sprint data plan "feature phones", and with a work iPhone that was AT&T;). I never had any issues with Virgin Mobile (through lost phones, replacement phones, whatever): their customer service was always superb.VM uses the Sprint backbone, and so long as you have access to Sprint towers, the quality of voice calls was noticeably better than AT&T; (I used the iPhone weekdays for three years, while on most weekends I used an LG Elite clamshell phone through Sprint: the Sprint calls were noticeably more clear than AT&T; whether in a rural or urban location ...dunno why). IMHO, of course.

***NEWSFLASH***Virgin Mobile just raised their minimum "Beyond Talk" plan rate from $25/month to $35/month (not surprising considering how much of a steal the plan was at $25).  Bad luck for new customers and we'll have to wait a month or two to see if us old customers are grandfathered at $25.  I'm feeling pessimistic, though, since it's a no-contract phone.  I guess not having a contract cuts both ways, right?***END NEWSFLASH***PROS: The handset itself is very capable although the screen is a bit smaller than most other android phones I've seen.  I've had it 3 months now and have had no problems (that weren't my own doing; I gotta stop downloading all those free apps.)  Battery life isn't great but there's lots of info on the net about how to maximize it.  Virgin's Beyond Talk plan is fantastic for me since I use data and SMS far more than I talk on the phone.CONS: Network coverage.  Virgin uses Sprint's network which is not nearly as extensive as Verizon or AT&T.;  I'm in north NJ so I usually have a pretty good 3G signal but while traveling it's been hit or miss.  If you NEED your phone to work all the time then you might want to look elsewhere.I am going to go against the grain of the other reviewers here and say I actually **like** their customer service.  I had Verizon for 2 years and I know I could expect to be on hold AT LEAST 20 minutes every single time; often longer.  But with Virgin I've been able to get to a human within 5 minutes every time.  A little patience was required when trying to understand their accents but they were always friendly and usually helpful.

bye bye to the iphone! no more two year contract! This is the phone to get. Dont bye the iphone.  virgin has no contract. A excellent smartphone. That is why it is call smartphone. get it.

First, let me say I have never owned a smart phone so I don't have much to compare it to. I love everything about the phone other than its short battery life but as you get used to the phone, you'll find out how to save it. Scree is fast, looks great. You'll have access to every single app on the android market and believe me, there are TONS!!!! While it is a prepaid phone, it doesn't look or feel like a cheap phone. Had mine for a few months now and I am loving it more and more evryday. Can't go wrong especially for the price.Last, I guess it depends where you're at but I have 3g internet 99% of the time.

I had to abandon my ATT family plan in favor of letting my youngest daughter get on it and enjoy the free family minutes and unlimited texting, etc., which I don't use so much (already had 5 lines and they won't let me add another one). So, I was looking for the cheapest alternative to getting a 6th line, at least comparable to what I would have paid for the 6th line on ATT. I looked all over and all the individual plans where $40+ or so, without including texting. Then I came across the Virgin Mobile $25 unlimited data, text, web + 300 minutes and it seemed that it would fit the bill.I got the phone on sale for $105 and it is just the best phone I have ever had, although I have not activated it yet (more on this later), at an awesome price. Why haven't I activated it yet? Well, it turns out, this android phone lets you install all kind of apps from the android market via wifi without activating the phone, you can pop in an 8Gb, 16Gb or 32Gb SDHC card and use this as a pretty awesome (and cheap) ipod/iphone substitute. I have installed apps for watching TV shows, read news (USA Today, NYTime, Bloomberg, etc), Pandora radio (sound through the speaker is very full for such a tiny device), GPS navigation/maps, calculators, MS Office documents viewer, a few games, GasBuddy to find cheap gas locally (pretty handy these days), etc. All FREE from the Android market. But, BY FAR, the best applications I installed are Google Voice, which together with SIPDroid (after signing up for a free GoogleVoice account and a free PBXes.org account) allows me to link them together and configure the phone to use VOIP to make my calls through the internet instead of using the limited 300 minutes I would get if I signed up with Virgin Mobile for $25/month, I can also use it to do unlimited free texting through my Google voice number.I wanted to do this to make sure I did not go over the 300 minutes and start racking up a huge bill with VM once I activated the phone, but as it turns out, this has worked out so well that I am still undecided as to weather I will need to activate the phone and sign up for the monthly service. Granted, I can only make/receive calls when I am within WIFI range, but, WIFI is so prevalent these days. Many of the establishments a person does business with have free internet access for their customers: Starbucks, Dennys, Mcdonalds, Barnes&nobles;, Homedepots, Panera bread, Hooters, highway rest stops, libraries, Krogers, Quiznos, Schlotzsky, FedEx offices, Hotels... the list goes on and on. I also installed a WIFI Analyzer App which shows if there is a free/open WIFI within range and its signal strength. You can get a nice directory of wifi spots in your area here-> [...] which of course does not list all the available ones.What happens when I'm outside WIFI range? Well, of course I can not make calls, inbound calls go to my GoogleVoice voice mail and as soon as I get into WIFI range and connect, my inbound text messages get delivered and/or I get a notification of a missed call which I can check right away. Obviously not something I would want to use as a business phone, but for personal use when you do not need to be available 24X7 this works great! You also get a great excuse when you don't want to answer someone, later you can say... "Sorry, I was not in WIFI zone...", you can even put that in your answering message. This setup would be great for students who live on campus where they have free access to the campus WIFI network (many of them provide free open WIFI all over campus). All these for $0 a month plus the cost of the phone.If you feel you need capability to make calls from anywhere in case of emergencies, or for 24X7 availability, then just activate the phone and pay the $25/month. You would get many other benefits which would make this device a very capable business phone. I've read that once activated, you can install an app to make the phone a WIFI hub for up to 4 or 5 devices (supposedly there is an app for that, :-) pun intended, in the android market). This would provide internet service to your WIFI based laptop anywhere. I will investigate this more if/when I activate the phone. I have to admit, it would be fun to be able to go on trips and have internet in the car for my kids ipod touches or laptops while we are on the road. The more they can entertain themselves, the less "are we there yet?, are we there yet?" questions we will get... :-)Summarizing, if you activate the phone, you get unlimited texting, phone web browsing, tv watching, internet radio, etc. + unlimited internet based calls using the provided unlimited data service + internet for your computer/ipod touches anytime/anywhere. All these for $25/month? Sweeeet! I don't think any carrier can beat that, the closer unlimited everything plan is cricket for $55/month for an android or blackberry phone. ATT, Verizon, etc? $70 and up... Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint 3G network, so, it's coverage (at least here in Houston) is pretty good.I hope you find this useful.Enjoy!Nov. 23th. 2011 - I finally activated the phone this summer which I spent away from the family working up North and they wanted 24X7 access... (great to be loved so much!). It is now even better. I have an app that shows how many minutes are left and when I'm getting close to using the 300 minutes, I can dial out using the internet and google voice through the data service from anywhere (where there is 3G signal). Came in handy to have Pandora on the phone when my car radio stopped working and it's great to be able to do everything I used to do only within WIFI range now everywhere. GPS worked great while I was traveling through the North East, except when cruising through the Adirondacks (no 3G service out in the sticks :-) ).Virgin has raised the price of the plan to $35 a month for newcomers, (previous users are grandfathered in at the $25 rate) but even at $35, it still the best deal around as far as I know. Finally, Target has the phone on sale for $50 for the next two days...

I have had this phone for about a year and it is still working great. Since I have bought it, it has not only served as my a cell phone but also as a substitute for my computer and a replacement for my GPS and iPod.Although the LG Optimus' performance can get a little clunky (depending on what apps you have running on it e.g. the "with friends" games) this can usually be resolved by running an App Killer. I also find that is works better if I make sure I turn the phone off and on every few days. In the past year I have had to master reset the phone once.. it seems that this was due to issues with one of the apps I downloaded.The GPS runs off of google maps so the directions are pretty spot on. The only thing bad about it is that sometimes google maps will fail to load all together. Again, I find that resetting the phone helps.Internet can also be hit or miss sometime. I think this may be due to the sprint network getting clogged up where I live. You have the option of setting up wi fi for when you are at home. This makes speeds faster and saves data so you won't reach your limit on you 'unlimited' data plan, although it does drain battery life.Talk and text seems to be good for the most part, with good reception in most areas you would expect your phone to work.Battery life is a little disappointing. Although its not horrible. Apps, music, gps, etc take a tole on the phone. For this reason I invested in a car charger as well as a back up charger for when I'm not around. Running an app killer or battery saver app will also help you keep your phone juiced.The phone isn't that huge for a smart phone, which makes it compact and easy to carry. On the down side, texting on the android keyboard can get a bit mangled. I often have to correct my texts before I can send them out.All in all the price is great considering all the features and the compact size of this phone.Pros:functionality, size, features, durability, priceCons:at times glitchy, battery life, texting on small touch screen

I love this phone and find that as far as cell phones go, it's the best deal around. However I feel it's important to point out that it doesn't work everywhere Sprint does. Although the signal's spotty, my sister was able to use her sprint cell phone in Michigan's upper Peninsula, however I loss signal and did not get it back until I was almost across the bridge on my way home.

This is an honest review after having this phone for 3 years, i'm not biased against LG or this particular phone, its just my experience.There are so many things wrong with this phone, it runs on android 2.2.2 which is obsolete and there are no updates to the current version that the newest phones have.The phone overall is slow to respond and usually freezes or restarts. It heats up with moderate use.The battery life is short, doesn't last a whole day plus many times I've had it in my pocket at work and the battery just heats upand discharges within a couple hours. The only way to save battery is by turning on airplane mode.Also, reception is lost most of the time or slowed down from 3G to 1x. Internal memory space fills up quickly, specially with updates of the useless factory installed apps that can't be deleted. Even transferring the downloaded apps to a SD card, it will notify about not enough disk space until you uninstall updates or apps.. Another thing i didn't like is the keyboard, it doesn't have an &#34;enter&#34; key to start a new paragraph. Also, it is too small to type fast and too slow to respond and messages sometimes fail to send. Apps tend to force close very often, specially Pandora and Instagram and other apps are just incompatible.The gallery takes too long to load up albums and photos. The camera takes too long to snap a picture and it results in blurry or bad lighted images, its also a poor quality camera.Now the good thing about this phone is the price, the sound and volume are good, it is easy to use, voice during calls sounds clear and loud, i guess the browser is ok, it just force closes or freezes the screen if you have a lot of windows open.The phone has proven to be durable, but it malfunctions and shows internal deterioration.I consider myself an extreme user and demand/expect a lot from a so called &#34;smart phone&#34;.This would be recommended for a person who would mostly use it for calls occasionally, maybe text every now and then and have some apps.. but not for the everyday user that relies on their phone.

When I bought this fing phone, it came with someone else's memory, pictures, and everything, also the BATTERY DIES IN 1HOUR! charges for all day and dies and does nothing. WAT IS THIS! this phone sucks.Bought a new phone, love the Kyocera better. Optimus sucks butts. This phone came out 6 years ago and how does this phone do all this. idk what im talking about this nowI hate this phoneI traded it in and got a better phonebattery sucksthis phone doesn't workDONT GET THIS PHONE!You will not be pleased.pleaseread thisI am not a happy camperthis phonemanthis phone is really bad. really really really badplease read this dang thing.You will agree with me about how bad this phone is

I had been looking at various smart phones for about 6 mths now and I knew  being enslaved to a contract was not an option for me, even with the plan discounts  my job offers. I looked at all the prepaid providers and it was quickly determined that Virgin Mobile was the best option for unlimited data plans under $60 a month/no-brainer on that one. Honestly, I ALMOST bought the phone on Amazon.com but on Thanksgiving evening, found a door-buster deal that was far too good to pass up. It was worth the 90 minute wait. I paid less than $50 for the phone, $35 a month for the plan -and this phone is awesome. I am too much a grown up to be staring at phones all day like so many people do now, but I now understand why they do. Amazon's app store is the best. If you get this or any other smart phone, go ahead and use  the Amazon App store in conjunction w/ the Android Market. I use Amazon's app store much more than the Android market honestly . Have had the phone less than 3 days and have 16 USABLE IN MY LIFE apps- all free.The phone has great picture clarity on streaming video, the sound is good, if you use Amazon's Cloud Drive/Player, you can listen to all your music from your phone so now I don't have to remember if I synced my I pod to include my latest music purchases. Fantastic service. The phone is easy to get used to. The GPS being included w/ voice is a great to me b/c I now I don't have to stick the Garmin up on my window leaving those unsightly circles on my front car window. Minute- I know, but the minute things make all the difference in the world.  I am a picky, hard to please consumer and am thoroughly pleased with this phone, Virgin Mobile and the ancillary services Amazon offers. Its a great buy.

I have been wanting to upgrade to an Android-based smartphone for some time but was gun-shy because of the ridiculous service plans. I was a bit skeptical of Virgin Mobile, but I took the plunge when I found the LG Optimus for $150 and the NO contract, $25 a month service plan with unlimited text, data and 300 anytime minutes of talk.I had no problem setting up my service with Virgin Mobile customer service. It did take a little bit longer than 24 hours to port my number to my new phone, but that was no big deal to me. I do live in a large metropolitan area and have experienced no problems with reception. Good browsing speed so far and nice, clear reception on phone calls. Download speeds have fluctuated from adequate to somewhat slow, not super-fast. Nice screen resolution, but far from the best.The phone is lightweight and comfortable in my hand. The touch screen is responsive, but I must admit my fat fingers have had to adjust to using the Android keyboard. I tried using the Swype keyboard but didn't really like it that much. I did purchase an OtterBox case and a separate screen protector because I am tough on devices. This phone is solid, but not quite up to the standards set by iPhone and others.If you are looking to upgrade to a smartphone and hate contracted service plans, take a good look at this phone. This is easily one of the smartest purchases I have made and I feel I am getting excellent value for my investment.  There are some cons, especially the battery life and no Flash support, but I can live with that. Probably not the choice for trend-setters and you younger cats who have to have all the ridiculous apps, but this could be the perfect choice for someone who primarily wants to browse, text and use social media on an excellent all-in-one device for a great price and NO contract!

Ordered from virgin mobile directly. During activation I was asked to choose a monthly plan not wanted.I had to call virgin mobile to get a RMA and paid for the return shipping.I ordered the phone after checking the review at amazon.Unfortunately,The article  was misleading!

I got this phone to accept credit cards for my business.  I had to go through 3 phones before I got one that worked right.  Once you get one that WORKS, you have a great phone.

It's my first android phone and I can't say enough good things about it. The only reason I didn't give it a '5' rating is because I know more expensive 'smart' phones have some features missing on this phone. For example, this product has a slider, QWERTY keyboard version that costs a lot more. However, my budget wouldn't allow it.But, this unit has saved me dollars with some of it's built-in features that's made it worthwhile. Can't go wrong if you want a budget minded, smart phone.

Purchased the LG Optimus at quite a discount. Was afraid might have problems but it was new in the box, and works as expected.  Arrived in 2 days.

First things first, as a phone in this price range, this is an excellent product.  I was skeptical about swype typing, but am currently finding it pretty ingenious, although I do prefer a keypad.  I tried the Samsung Intercept for that reason, but the processor in that thing is too slow, making programs like maps and youtube pointless.  However, the process of converting my service to a new phone has been PAINFUL.This phone, as another user commented, is connected to the Virgin Mobile service.  Unlike a more expensive service like Verizon, your customer service calls go to the Phillipines, where attendants are speaking according to a menu, and there is an irksome delay.  It is very difficult and time consuming to get anything important through to the next tier of tech crew in America who can do anything.  In my case, I received a phone from Amazon that had the same Serial # as another user's phone across the state.  I unwittingly activated my service on his phone, and was without my own service for days before I was contacted "in 1 to 5 business days" for the first series of troubleshooting (which didn't work).  The more local (I'm assuming east coast) customer rep was really friendly and able to compensate me for the lost time and get the problem worked up another tier.  Still waiting on a working phone here, though.  It's a good thing I have the week off and wifi in the house - I'd be tearing my hair out otherwise!Luckily I can use google voice and a $4 application called Groove IP on the phone in the meantime.  Virgin mobile (on the sprint 3G network) doesn't work in my apartment anyway (densely populated Oakland, go figure!), and I mostly use wi fi on my phone and the computer to make calls.  That means I don't rack up any minutes with Virgin.I think that Virgin Mobile is worth it for their $25/mo plan (300 min, unlimited data/text) - at that price, I feel I am getting what I paid for. They just raised their prices to $35/mo for 300 anytime minutes, unlimited data and texting, and $45 for a 1200 min plan (that's right, nothing in between).  At that price, I'd be disappointed and probably switch to Metro PCS, which has physical stores and none of the outsourcing.

Phone arrived a day early and just as described. Perfect packaging. Brand new LG Optimus V,  in unopened box. Wouldn't hesitate to buy from the seller again and would reccomend 100%.The phone is great. As long as you know your requirements for the phone you want, and you do your homework, I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this phone.  Just understand it's NOT a Samsung Galaxy S3 or iPhone 5. It's technically on the entry-level side of Android phones, but it sure doesn't seem like it. I bought mine in mid-2011 when it was still new to the VM line for $129.00. I'm still using it to this day with no problems. I bought this one for my mother who recently broke her old tracfone. Quite the upgrade for her. I use mine ALOT for everything and would reccomend it to all but the most demanding phone users.Pros*Size - Absolutely perfect in my opinion. Even with an Otterbox on it fits nicely into jean pockets.*Ease of use - Very well designed. Nothing I can think of to complain about. From the camera, to the audio player, to the physical button layout.*GPS - OUTSTANDING. Forget the Garmin. It will speak to you, map out a route, and give you literal turn-by-turn directions by voice and map. 10 out of 10 on the navigation system. And it's FREE.*Plans - $35 a month gets you unlimited everything except talk time. And you'll get 300 minutes of anytime use with the $35 plan.*Durability - Very good. Can't count the number of times I've dropped it. But you'd be smart to pick up an Otterbox and Zagg screen protector. Then, it's a sherman rank of durabilty.* More - I could go on and on. I might buy a 3rd Optimus V just to have a backup for when / if this one ever breaks.Cons*No Adobe Flash - Unable to download it because of "processor requirenents". But you van always use a browser with built-in flash. And I've heard on good authority that Adobe Flash CAN be installed on a rooted Optimus V.*No Camera Flash - Not a big deal to me but may be to others.*Internal Memory - There isn't heaps. Most apps nowdays can be moved to the external SD card. But some can't. The fix is to not update too many that aren't SD compatible.*Battery Life - Could be better, but I've seen much worse. Get a task killer and a USB charger for your car and you'll be set.Overall Seller Rating 10 out of 10Overall Phone Rating 9 out of 10

The phone itself seems pretty good, the thing is that the connection is terrible. I bought this for my dad, he used a fourteen dollar phone before this and the the connection was always on full bars. I don't understand why this one stays at one or two bars, loosing signal at times. certain places on a very good day you might see three bars for a brief second. I couldn't even activate it using the phone. I had to get on the laptop because the signal kept being lost while trying to activate. So many good reviews on this phone and such a let down.

This phone is excellent.  I've had the Samsung Intercept for over a year and, compared to the Optimus, it's a piece of crap.  The Optimus is fast and responsive - no hiccups or delays.  The screen is clear and sharp, the call quality is ok, the phone reception is better than the Intercept, and data transfers are a lot faster, too.  It's amazing - it's the same Virgin (Sprint) network that I had with the Intercept, but now it's alive.  Music sound is really good with headphones. I've installed the Audible app for audio books and it works great.  Installed the Kindle app too and it works like a charm - the display is neat & legible, and the pages turn like butter.  Got it for only $95 on Amazon.

This was my first smart phone and I am very pleased. It is very user friendly. The only con I have is the limited storage. I am now unable to download more apps. I moved everything I could to the SD card, but there is still not enough space. Other than that, this is a great phone to start out with. Great price and Virgin mobiles plans are so chap as well.

Have had this phone for 2 weeks so far so partially base the judgements on this fact.First off, you need to look at the price your paying for a non contract android phone, and this phone cost me $50 on black Friday so I feel like I robbed someone. Then you NEED to do your research on the sprint network for your area. My area gets PHENOMENAL sprint service. I had Verizon and was paying over $55 for 400 minutes 500 text and 25mb web. With this phone and sprint network I get way better coverage and more web/messages/minutes for LESS. In addition, with Verizon I did not have a smartphone.Now on the phone itself:BATTERY - As long as I manage my open apps/wi-fi my battery performs amazing. I use this phone 100X more than I did my Samsung rogue and it still lasts 2x longer. I am constantly playing games and texting and charge it every other day depending on use. Standby battery time is great when not using phone(make sure to turn off apps and Bluetooth/Wi-Fi).SCREEN - Beautiful screen for the money. May be small for some, but you save money and battery life with going small.ANTENNA - 3 to MAX Bars plus 3G everywhere I go in Tampa, FL / Sarasota, FL  Sprints 3G is plenty fast for me.KEYBOARD - This would be the only downfall for me. Its kinda tough to type with it, but if your good with the swipe type feature than it makes it easier. You could go for the slider version of the Optimus V if you want.SPEAKER - Media/Speakerphone is loud but highly adjustable. Call volume could be a little higher, but I've dealt with worse.OS - Have had no crashes since purchasing. Phone has been quicker than expected for spending $50. It isn't a dual core Galaxy S2 though so don't expect that. Have had no problems with games such as superstar baseball or angry birds. Browser is good as expected for the screen size.Conclusion: This phone is a steal at anything $100 or less with no contract. I had no problems with activating or porting my number from Verizon by Virgin Mobile. I'm very happy with my purchase as of 2 weeks in.

A big turn-off for smartphones of the age is the ridiculous pricing on anything without a two year contract. Everybody pushes these crazy phones with dual-core CPUs over 1GHz and lots of RAM, but I just don't see the point. For the price of actually owning one you could easily buy yourself a nice laptop or netbook to handle all the extra.This phone is absolutely perfect for anyone who isn't trying to use it like a computer. It makes calls, you can check your social networks and newsfeeds, surf the internet just fine, and watch youtube videos or even netflix now, play your music, and I can't think of what you'd be getting by paying $300 more for a "high-class" phone. If you want to pay to look like a tool, get an iPhone. If you want a functional device for the right price, buy this.Thoughts:Battery is alright, it'll get you through the day. You'll need to charge it nightly. HOWEVER, it was pretty bad with stock firmware (Android 2.2)Netflix is still a little slow and buggy, Youtube is great though.Cellular reception on Sprint network isn't spectacular, but gets the job done (at least here in central Florida)I've yet to see better plans than Virgin'sNote:I rooted mine and installed CyanogenMod 7.1 (Inferior Human Organs port) with stock Gingerbread launcher. Improved battery life quite a lot, and seemed to help improve performance as well. I really wish more carriers would upgrade their phones to the latest Android.

love this phone, and to anyone on the fence as to whether they should buy it or not, its a firm yes. its cheaper then the MotorolaLG Optimus Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)triumph, and offers similar features. My family of 4 all have the same phone,so i know it actually works.

This is my first smart phone. This is a great phone for learning on and it is very functional and fast. I am sure some of the more expensive ones are faster or more able but how much do you really NEED to do? Not much. Perfect phone for the price the only thing I will look for in my next phone is a slide out keyboard because I have big hands and it can be hard to text with more that one finger.

Before you buy this Optimus V phone, do a google search under "LG Optimus V connection problems". It may save you a lot of headaches. There are several web pages of people who've lost 3G connectivity to the VM data network with this particular phone. There appears to be a consistent problem with the VM/LG Optimus V combination. I purchased this phone because a family member has had one for the last few weeks with no problems. Mine worked great for 3 days. I loved it! Then on the 4th day it wouldn't connect to the VM data network and I couldn't connect to the internet. Phone and WiFi still worked, but outside of that I had no internet when I wasn't at home which is why I purchased a smart phone in the first place. Several calls to VM in the Philippines/India or wherever, proved to be no help. Most of them read from a troubleshooting script and have no idea how to solve any issues that the script doesn't fix. I don't care if you have $35.00 a month phone service. If it doesn't work and you can't fix it, then your service is worthless. Which is pretty much what I think of Virgin Mobile. After trying VM customer service, I tried all the fixes I found on the internet and none of them worked either. I finally had enough and cancelled my service on it's 4th day and got a refund. Life's to short to deal with this horrible service. Oh yeah, one more thing. I'm not familiar with what the battery life is supposed to be on smart phone, since this was my first one, but battery life on this phone is dismal imo.

A very solid, likable phone. I chose it two and a half years ago as my first smart phone because it let me stay grandfathered in on Virgin's $25/mo. plan. I don't usually bond with electronics, but I liked this phone out of the box. Very solidly built, sits nicely in the hand. Conveniently small. Soliid performance on the basics.Its drawbacks are an occasional tendency to freeze and even brick up (you can generally remedy those by popping the battery out and in again) and, as many have noted, its abysmally small storage space. I'm old school with little interest in a lot of apps, but even I got tired of trying to figure out how to clear enough space just to keep the phone usable.So I recently upgraded (farewell, beloved $25/mo.!), but my Optimus V was still kicking, and I'd still recommend it as a basic, well-designed smart phone for someone indifferent to the app thing.

I have never had a cell phone plan, and I don't plan on having one any time soon.  When I first started using cell phones, the curse of prepaid services were the phones.  Companies like Net10 had fantastic deals, but the phones were always cheap and disposable, which of course is the great part about prepaid service.  I'm not stuck with a phone for two years and if I need one, I'm not worrying about the price.Another great part about prepaid service is that I will never have to speak with a representative.  Virgin Mobile is an easy set up and upon start up, the phone was quick to activate and start my service.  This two reasons are high on my list for why prepaid trumps contract phone plans.When this phone was announced, I was a bit skeptical.  I was worried that it would be a watered down version of the LG Optimus S, but I am happy to report that it is essentially the same device.  The following will mention the look, feel, and speed of the device.The touch screen: Nimble! Going from screen to screen is fluid, transitions are visible.  For every single touch and swipe, the device is right there with you.  There is no lag to be found.  However, there are times when I'm playing Angry Birds, and there is considerable lag.  It usually happens for the first thirty seconds of the game.Screen resolution: High quality but with the plastic front, it cheapens the device.  However, I am not complaining.  Zooming in and out on a webpage, you might notice that it's a little pixelated when you get close to the text.3G capabilities: Testing this against my friend's iPhone, it's very fast.  I was incredibly surprised by the responsiveness and how quick I could go from webpage to webpage.  But, I will say that there are times there is absolutely no service.  After looking through forums, one easy way to fix this is by activating the phone again.  I did this once, and it helped tremendously.App store: Although it's not as big as Apple's app store, it has everything one would need.  The great thing about Android is that if there's something you don't like, you can change it.  Widgets are absolutely one of the best features about Android's app store.  You can even change the web browser if you don't like it!This phone does not support Flash, so don't be disappointed.Navigation: A dream.  It works better than my Garmin, the voice is loud and concise.  I will say that after plugging it into my auxillary connector that it does sound a little muffled.  But I'm not disappointed at all.  The maps are amazing.  There was one time the directions were a little funky and another that it was taking a while to acquire satellite.Camera quality: I have to say, the quality of the camera is amazing.  With auto focus, it's great.  And with the camera apps, you can create some great effects.Overall, this phone is a great value.  I talk a lot, so I use the unlimited everything plan for $60.00.  It's not a bad deal considering I would be paying well over $100.00 anywhere else.There are a lot of other prepaid services you might want to consider if you want to go prepaid.  If you aren't someone who talks a lot and just need a phone, Net10 is the perfect service.  But if you do talk a lot and browse the internet, then services like Boost Mobile, AT&T; GoPhone, Straight Talk, and Virgin Mobile are great alternatives to the high cost of contracts.The problem with prepaid still?  The phones need a lot of work, but this is the first I've seen to make a huge step toward a great future with prepaid service.Update:I love this phone. It has efficiently replaced my iPod and GPS Navigator.  Put in a 16gb micro sd card, and you're set.  Apps like Double Twist make music listening a great experience (and for $4.99, you can sync your music wirelessly, listen to radio stations, AND podcasts)If your car as an auxillary connector or even a tape adapter, connect your phone, and you can listen to Navigation WHILE listening to music.  I know it's a weird thing to obsess about, but I always thought it was one or the other.  Directions are precise, so I'm not constantly looking at my phone wondering where I am.Streaming on Pandora and NPR is great.  However, after a few hours, it completely stops and you have to get back into the app.  It's not terrible, but I like to listen while I'm at work.The Android App Market has everything you're looking for as long as you know how to search.  I would recommend joining forums, because that's how I found out about different apps.  One I love in particular is the WiFi Hotspot widget.  With a simple click, you can connect your laptop and computer to the phone's 3g network.  Other apps like Car Home allow you to travel and easily find navigation, music, and manage what apps you need on the go.Depending on where I am, Youtube can lag a little.  I expected this.  But for the price and the fact that I have completely replaced a few gadgets I own, this is totally worth it.FINAL UPDATE:I have had this phone for five months, and I thought I would give my final impressions of the device.First off, the battery life isn't amazing, but I've found that turning off data while I don't use it is really helpful.  The phone lasts for days.  If I need to check something online, I quickly go into my settings, turn it on, and check what I need to check.  Before I started doing that, I realized that the phone would last MAYBE six or seven hours.Web browsing has actually gotten a lot better.  I was a little worried after three months in.  There were times I couldn't get on a web page at all, but I feel that the problem has been resolved.GPS is still reliable and better than my Garmin.I actually no longer use this phone as an mp3 player.  Even with Double Tap, I felt that it lacked organization.I have experienced a few dropped calls.  One time in particular, I was calling a friend, and our call was dropped four or five times within the hour.  I'm not sure if it was his phone or mine, but it had never happened before, and it hasn't happened since.This phone is really your best bet if you're on a budget yet want to experience a midrange smart phone.  Does it have the capabilities of an iPhone or Droid?  It's actually pretty close and for the price, I can't complain.  $60.00 a month for unlimited everything and a quality phone is fantastic.  If I decide I never want to see this phone or this company again, I'm not forced to pay a fee for having a choice.  I can easily go online and cancel my services, and I'm not waiting on the phone to speak to a representative.  In the five years I've used prepaid phones, I've never had to speak to one person regarding my phone, terms of service, etc.  That alone is worth the price in saved time and frustration.A DEAD PHONE:So, my phone died after days of being unable to hold a charge.  I'm not sure what the problem was.  I had to keep it connected at all times, or it wouldn't turn on.  Then even while it was connected, it just died.  It's a shame, because I truly loved the phone and was sold on Android until I experienced numerous problems with the device.  Don't get me wrong.  I love Android and their innovation.  However, I seem to notice that while their phones are amazing devices at first, they cannot stand the test of time.  I was looking forward to keeping this phone for quite a while.Internet seemed to be incredibly slow as well as time progressed.  I generally like to use data if I'm lost or need to check my e-mail.  I found that it was faster finding someone polite enough to give me directions or just wait to go home.  This could just be a defect on my phone, but my raving reviews about it in the beginning are a thing of the past.This phone is great for someone just getting into the smart phone world.  That person was me.  I'm not sure if my demands or wants got higher, but I am switching over to a contract phone.  Yes.  Even after all of my talk about how much I hated contracts.  But if you look at it, you're paying either way.  Do I want to spend money on a new phone every few months with spotty service?  While I can't predict whether or not I will be left with a lemon is up to fate.  Until then, hello Verizon Wireless.

Pros: light, cheap (esp with the Virgin Mobile plan), has Android, has wifi and 3g, good touchscreenCons: lag when rotating screen, battery life (though I guess it's comparable to other Android phones), camera quality, only 2GB SD card includedI really like this phone, partly because it's a great improvement over my previous phone (Moto razr).  It was also the best value I could find for a phone that has wifi calling capabilities (my workplace has really bad reception, so this is the only way to make calls).  I've only been using it for a few days but so far it's been great.  The call quality is good to excellent (depending on wifi signal/reception outdoors).  Virgin also has a handy guide on their website which has details about all the functions on the phone, in case you haven't used a smartphone before.  I also like the fact that I can install apps on the phone.  The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use.  Love Swype for texting :DThe processor is not the greatest however, and there is a 2-3 second lag at times (I usually see this when I want to rotate the screen).  I don't know if there are other functions where this is the case.  The battery will last a day tops if you have wifi/3g on all the time, but from what I've heard, all smartphones need to be charged at least once a day.  The camera quality is ok, but forget about zooming in once you take the picture.In conclusion: if you want a prepaid phone and you're on a budget, this is the best option that is out there.  This phone has lots of functionality and the plans from Virgin are great.  Of course, there are better phones out there but they are *at least* 2x as expensive and the plans cost much more.  If you're considering this phone - get it!!

I've been thinking about getting a smartphone for quite a while, but I was always put off by the expense, both of the devices themselves and of the long-term plans that go with them. Even though I absolutely love my iPod Touch and would not mind at all upgrading to an actual iPhone, the AT&T; and Verizon plans on offer just weren't worth it, given the amount of time I typically spend on the phone (not long). What's more, I don't like to be tied down to a long-term contract. How on earth would I know if I'll still be able to make monthly phone payments in two years?Then I heard of Virgin Mobile's "Beyond Talk" plans and realized that this was exactly the plan I was looking for if I wanted to upgrade to a smartphone. No long-term contract, and for a mere $35/month you get unlimited data (for email, web browsing, messaging, etc.) plus 300 anytime minutes. Given that this is about what I was paying to top up my minutes on my previous prepaid phone, making the switch was a no-brainer for the chance to get access to email on the go and not just at wifi spots.Of the phones available for purchase on the Beyond Talk plans, the LG Optimus V seemed like the most reasonable and versatile. After about a week of ownership, this opinion has been amply justified. The phone arrived the day after I ordered it (thanks Amazon Prime!) and within fifteen minutes I had activated it on Virgin Mobile's website and was good to go. The touch screen is very responsive, almost at the level of the iPhone, and the apps work briskly and smoothly. So far the Sprint 3G network has been very reliable and quick enough for most purposes. I'm still getting used to the idea that I can check my email even when I'm on the train! The battery life is not the greatest but it will certainly last a full day's use included making calls, checking email, browsing Google reader, etc. Also, the built-in camera is of very high quality. If I don't look closely I can't tell it's not HD.All in all I am very satisfied with my investment. As far as I know it is the most reasonable smartphone (and plan) on the market today, perfect for middle-of-the-road users who like the extra functionality and the ability to use apps while on the road, while not needing the ability to say, stream HD video over 3G.

I have the LG Optimus V. The phone itself is very good and I would rate the phone higher if official Netflix support was here now.Voice coverage is good where coverage is offered. It's too bad that the Sprint network, on which VM rides, doesn't have more coverage in the northwest.3G data coverage is spotty and doesn't always work indoors, but when it works, it works well.First, second and third-tier customer support are of questionable value. First- and second-tier appear to be "follow the sun" call centers around the world, while third-tier is based in North America. The people in third-tier are much more empowered to help, but they were still unable to get my service going in the first place. I had to approach fourth-tier support (executive escalations) to get my initial service configured and working correctly, including number porting. Lower tiers of customer service must be both trained and empowered to do more to satisfy customers. Asking customers repeatedly to reboot their phones or punch in a few numbers won't cut it when the problem is a broken database entry on the VM or Sprint end of things.Billing for phone insurance is perpetually broken and I am tempted to cancel it.Android 2.3 "Gingerbread" for the LG Optimus V should have been rolled out already, but hasn't been.The recent price increase, if it ends up affecting me as an existing customer, may drive me away. At the pricing as of August 2011, BeyondTalk is too expensive.Update: February 2013. I have departed Virgin Mobile for Ting. The customer service at Virgin Mobile is still unbearably bad and the telephone support personnel haven't been trained on the new billing system that replaced all account numbers, making it difficult to obtain correct data for number portability. Expect to have to send an EECB to get the process completed. Third-tier support appears to have been moved out of North America. The telephone numbers for escalation have been disconnected.I plan to keep the phone and use it for off-network purposes, running Cyanogenmod in order to have Gingerbread.

The phone itself is okay. This just could have been a fluke that I got a bad battery, but the battery lost its charge in less than 2 hours use.

This is a great Android Phone, It will not do much on the gaming end but It should do everything else flawless! The screen is not as good as say the iphone 4, or ipod 4g but it is decent. The camera does auto focus which is nice if you want to cash checks or copy/scan/fax. You can use google talk to make phone calls over the unlimited digital data or pay few dollars more and get more minutes. Overall Virgin mobile has done something incredible here. I never expected such bang for your buck, especially from them. Overall very happy with the service and phone.My only concern is that this phone has a MSRP of 149.99. Why the heck is bestbuy and Amazon overpricing this phone so high?

Wow . . . everything I need in one small bundle, without a contract!!With a nightly recharge, I haven't run into a dead battery situation with daily use -- email, surfing, texting and phone.

I have had this phone well over 1 year.. Its reliability supercedes some of the more expensive models and brands people look for. I love LG brand products for their built to last reputation.

I've had the LG Optimus V for about 6 months now and I don't know how I put up with my crappy regular previous phone for so long (LG Xenon). I don't talk constantly on the phone but I do text a lot and like to have the option of going online when I'm out & about;  the $25 a month plan is perfect for me. I don't know why anyone would want to tie themselves down with a contract when this phone is on the market. I'm not saying it's perfect - but it is pretty darn good.PROS* Cheap* No contract* Pretty Fast internet access* SWYPE text entry (LOVE it - keep trying to use it on my iPad by mistake, SO much quicker)* Great App market* Pretty good call quality* Uploading photos to facebook etc is a cinch* Saves my life by being able to use it as a wifi hotspot (via Quick Settings App) when no wifi is available for my ipad staying in hotels or when my TWC home connection plays up (quite a regular occurrence...)* Fun to use* Lots of other features I haven't even tried yet (voice dialing etc)* It's a tough little bugger. I've dropped mine countless times (battery bouncing out etc) and it's still going strong.CONS* The camera is crap only 3.2MP & no flash. The only thing I envy about my husband's Blackberry Bold is its camera.* Battery life is pretty poor. I have just had to get into the habit of charging it every single night which is usually enough for a day's use of texting/music playing/light-moderate internet access* No official accessories available as yet (car charger etc)* Sometimes freezes up, especially when entering textThese are just niggly things that are easily remedied (use my real camera/get in habit of charging every night/buy car charger for &lt;$2 on Amazon/power off) and not bad enough to make me want to sign my life away with a contract. For $25 a month, no commitment, what's not to love?

I have this phone. Have had it for several months. It's a good phone for someone looking for an entry level smartphone. It doesn't play games very well (i.e. Angry Birds) without slowdown. Also, it is very limited in space for apps, and the battery drains quickly. Screen is cramped/small. Flash is not supported - and while that this not an issue for iOS, since apps have been developed to work around it, it's a bit more of an issue on Android - since the availability of Flash is assumed.The phone needs to be reset often via a battery pull. There is no button reset.Camera quality -- both photo and video -- is poor.I'm coming from an iPod Touch (2nd Gen) and iPhone 3GS, both of which I used heavily for gaming. This phone does not compare. It's not even close. It's lacking a lot of the polish and the App Store is not as varied.That said, price is right, plan is cheap, and the phone gets the job done. Pandora, Slackr, even streaming live audio (TWIT Network shows) stream fine. I use it mostly to read news feeds, stream audio, check sports scores, and surf the net on the go. I do not bother using it for gaming due to the performance issues I've experienced.I haven't rooted the device, as it's against the Virgin Mobile terms of service (though it may not matter since the Copyright office permits it). If I did, I'd overclock it for game performance and set it up to install more/all apps to an SD card. For now, I'm waiting (hopefully) for the official 2.3 update rumored for these phones.Tip: enable Android developer USB settings so you can install more apps to the SD card then you would've been able to do otherwise.

I purchased this phone to replace a defunct LG Rumor Touch that I had previously with Virgin Mobile service. I kept the stock VM OS for only a couple days before rooting the phone and installing a version of CyanogenMod7. This allowed me to overclock the processor, which the phone handles fairly well and stably, as well as to gain access to some other functions for the phone that the stock OS does not allow, like operating the phone as a WiFi hotspot. (I find the latter especially helpful when at work, where I use the hotspot capabilities to access the Internet with my personal tablet).Even having tweaked the performance settings in CM7 and overclocking, I wish the processor were a little snappier than it is. The processor is a generation behind, too, so some popular apps, like Instagram and My Fitness Pal I was only able to install by fishing around online for apk files on the web. (Google Play will tell you that the phone is incompatible.)Other issues I have:*Sometimes shockingly poor reception at times (even here in the DC area, but mostly just at work and due to thick stone walls)*A less than impressive camera without flash (which I didn't care about until I became a dad; a good camera on my phone is suddenly more important than before)*Battery life which I wish were a bit better*And perhaps the biggest issue, a lack of onboard memory for installation of apps. I have supplemented the phone with a 8 GB microSD card, which helps, but even storing as much of as many apps as I can on the SD card, part of them all are resident on the phone's internal memory, and I quickly began running into the limit beyond which Google Market/Play gave me error messages about insufficient space on the device for installation.For what I paid for the phone (and pay monthly for VM service), I am pleased with my purchase, though, and for a basic Android phone with a cheap plan and no contract, this phone's a good choice, especially if you're willing to root it.

This is not a bad phone by any stretch.  It's my very first "smartphone" type of phone, but I still found the learning curve to be very brief and I was master of my new phone in no time.  I do the $35 monthly plan, which is fine for my needs. I don't talk on the phone much, but I like accessing the internet from time to time with wireless.  I get good service, rarely drop a call, and all in all I'm pretty happy with it.  I can, however, see some problems that a more savvy user would not tolerate.  The wireless/internet I believe is 3G.  It can be slower than molasses.  You can watch Netflix and check facebook and such if you've got a good connection, but the average "free" wireless hotspot is not going to let you do anything without a fight.  My second complaint is the battery life is really quite bad.  It's not bad at ALL if you're just using it as a phone.  It keeps its charge pretty well, and I've left it for a couple of days and it was still fine.  The trouble comes when you do ANY sort of "playing around" on it.  It drains that battery dry so quick, you don't even know what happened. You're in the green one minute, it's shutting itself down the next. There is also some glitching issues where a random sound will play on a loop constantly until I reset it. I believe it's a "facebook pop". It's only done this a couple of times, but I thought it was worth noting.  All in all though, I'm happy with it.  I would not recommend this for someone that is in love with their friends iphone, or other higher end device.  I've had mine for about 6 months now, and I'll probably keep in another 6 months or so before I start looking into "upgrading" to something fancier.  In short: Affordable phone, good service, easy to use....poor battery life, sometimes glitchy, and spotty wireless capabilities.

I gave this phone to my son for his birthday and he really loves it.  He likes that he pays 35 dollars a month and he has unlimited web and text and he get 300 minutes of phone but you know most people text so he really doesn't use the phone minutes only to call me.  He is very happy with the phone and I'm happy I bought it for him.

First of all, I want 2 say the seller of this phone delivered my phone in a timely manner.I love this phone so much I decided 2 put my blackberry in the closet.I received my emails very quickly on this phone.Texting on this fone is very nice. You can download the "handcent" app from the "market place" on the phone which is very cute. It displays your chats in little bubbles.Very cute.One of my favorite apps on the phone is the google map. I was able to drag my finger on the phone in google map and I was viewing my house. It's a fun fun too. The con of this phone is battery drains quickly.I'm going 2 download the "Juice Defender" app from the "market place" on my phone 2 see if it will help reserve battery life life. I'm giving it 4 stars because of battery life. In my opinion, this is a great fun.

De todos los telefonos pre paid ese es el mejor. Lo compre en best buy hace unos meses y es impresionante, lastima la cobertura tan limitada y la senal tan mala de Virgin, no la recomiendo por eso, cuando iba al bano de un restaurant se cortaba y no agarraba senal, pesima, pero el phone es excelente!!! Si lo compras y adquieres contrato con Virgin lo notaras, no se que convenio tiene con Sprint, pero su senal es pesima.Of all the Pre Paid phone that is the best. I bought it at best buy a few months ago and it's awesome, it hurts so limited coverage and bad sign for Virgin, why not recommend it, when I went to the bathroom of a restaurant was cut and no signal grab, terrible, but the phone is excellent! If you buy it and you get a contract with Virgin you'll notice, not that agreement is with Sprint, but their signal is terrible.

I have been a Virgin customer on the Minute2Minute plan since 2003 and my emergency phone started acting up the other day so I went into a target and got the cheapest phone I could find which was this one. On the shelf, all the stores these days have only touch screen phones and so I got this one for a half a benjamin. Long gone are the days when you can find a cheap $15 flip phone on the shelf, to do a quick phone swap.There are millions of persons who use Virgin as an emergency phone and they all pay their monthly amounts like good little sheep, most folks never once complaining.Virgin is pissing off it's longest standing customers by forcing them to upgrade their emergency Minute2Minute plans because the only phones available from them require data plans.  Today Virgin has a phone line-up of about 15 phones and if you look closely, they keep dumping the phones which work on their legacy plans.All I need is an emergency phone and I already bought this one, don't know what all the customer service games are about with locking almost all their phones into the more expensive plans.In the description of this amazon product, it says "With Virgin Mobile, you can pay only for the calling time you use." This is not true since you have to use a Beyond Talk plan which will bill you a set amount even if the phone is turned off all month, and the money is not banked. At least with the Minute2Minute plan, you knew your dollars were banked for when you actually made a phone call.

This a great smart phone is fast does every thimg i need. The price is fantastic. I bougth them my kids. They also said they loved the phone and not had any problems. Good product.

I made a leap from a phone purchased 7 years ago that just made calls to this Smart Phone and it's been like giving a five year old a Ferrari.  Thank heavens it's like one of those cars that can park itself and, in this case, suggest when and how to turn the wheel, all the while supporting me in the process. It could only have been made nicer if they'd given me a drivers manual along with the instruction book. What a great adventure on this road called, "Learning Curve"! I'll be amused for a long time to come.

Most of all people who think prepay is for the lesser of us. Think again here.I had a HTC smart phone with the verizon. While I loved my phone and only the cell service. I did not like the BILL. Having been with them for almost 15 years the bill just keeps going up and up and up.  Id had enough of it. Even with my corporate discount they were stick it to me for 2 line of almost 200 bucks a month.60 of that was just for the data plan! What a joke.  Low and behold I was looking at prepaid as an option. Several people kept talking me out of it. Finally I decided Ill never know if I dont try it.  So I bought the phone, took it home charged it up. Made sure I had signal at the house. Took it to work to check for signal as well. Tested the phone on WIFI and its a nice zippy phone. Can I compare it to my 500 HTC NO. But I decided to pull the trigger and go with the then 60 dollar unlimited plane, which is now 55 a month.  I could not be more happy. Service has been fantastic, web 3G is pretty zippy. I finally got brave after 8 months and decided to Root the phone just to get the bloat ware of the phone. Overall the integration with Google is great, calls are clear, text, email all work great. I generally talks 3000-4000 mins a month. And once in a blue moon I loose a call. No big deal. Email works great, have 4 accounts on it.  Overall, I recommend this phone it great entry level andriod phone. No flash though, but who cares thats why I have a computer.ILL NEVER GO BACK TO A CONTRACT PHONE EVER AGAIN!  The savings here is a no brainer.  Keep in mind though NO MATTER what prepaid phone carrier you have NONE OF THEM SUPPORT ROAMING!  So if there is no service your SOL.  But Ive yet to run into a problem yet

Do not ever ever ever in your life buy this phone. It sucks pretty bad. after about 4 months the battery die and i had to buy a new one, the screen flashes and freezes. IT SUCKS.....

This is an exceptional Android for the price! Everything about it is great! I really can't say anything bad about it except for the battery life, but I'm on all the time. One other thing...can't download Adobe Flash on it, so you are a little limited there. If your looking for an Android at a good price, then this is the phone for you.

While I loved the cheap data plan, this phone gave me nothing but problems. It was the third and last LG phone I will ever own ... they are simply a third tier equipment maker that is better suited to flip and feature phones.Some nights, it seemed like it was possessed, with auto-typing text messages and cycling off and on. I replaced it with a HTC One V, for a similar sized but absolutely great experience.

First let me say I was on my family's plan with a Droid Incredible and grandfathered unlimited data. I was paying my parents $30 a month (for my own data use) and they covered the rest. My girlfriend had her own verizon plan but it was costing her $80 a month!! without a smartphone! She switched to VM, with the HTC Wildfire...soon after I joined her on VM in an attempt to become more independent from my parents.The day I recieved it, I activated it, transfered my verizon number, rooted and flashed cyanogenmod onto it in less than 24 hours. The number transfer took less than an hour for mine and my GFs, the root took about a half hour. I had never even attempted flashing with my Incredible. With this phone, it was super easy but very nerve wrecking lol (thinking you bricked your brand new $100 phone). Now, with cyanogenmod, its 10x better than my incredible. CPU downclocking when its not in use saves TONS of battery, awesome screen effects, everything looks and runs very well. Going from a 1ghz snapdragon to this with cyanogenmod; the change is barely noticeable.Phone : It doesnt have an FM radio. I wish it did cause I listen to the radio a lot. No camera flash either, meaning no flashlight app (I used this often on my incredible). Poor but acceptable quality camera. Physical keys can be annoying. Screen is NOT glass. Its a $100 phone, you get what you pay for in features but the build quality is pretty good.Service : Activating the phone was great! The guy i talked to was easy to understand and very nice. Transfering my number took under an hour, I started the $35 a month plan online with a debit card, easy peasy. As far as coverage goes, RESULTS WILL VARY! I cannot believe people complain about coverage on their reviews of this phone, its sprints fault, not the phone. In Grand Rapids, MI, we get good coverage. Download speeds are decent (of course slower than verizon. 20+ verizon towers vs sprint's 2), call coverage is fine, I havent dropped a call or had 0 bars yet.

Great product. Much superior to any phone I've owned.  Easy to understand, easy to use and simple to activate.  Highly recommended.

The phone itself if just OK. But some issues come with it:*Crashes a lot. Even if you don't have that many apps.*Battery life is not the best. You have to charge it like twice a day.*It can get really hot. Even through the case I bought for it can get really hot.*Terrible camera. Takes for ever to get the camera app to work and picture quality is the absolute worst. Same goes for video camera.*Freezes. Sometimes when I am surfing the web it freezes. But not very often.*Touch screen feels very cheap. Sometimes you have to press harder on the screen to click something.*Old android software. It does not feel recent and is not the best. It has it's bugs.*When you turn the phone on it takes 5 minutes to get every app to work. That includes contacts, text messaging and web.All in all would I recommend this phone to somebody? Probably not. It is too expensive for a phone that comes with countless problems. But if you were to get it really cheap used like maybe 30 bucks or under would I recommend it? Yes, because it does it's job that every phone needs to do like Phone calls and Texts. Although a flip phone would do you better because it does jobs a phone needs to do plus it doesn't take forever to load everything like this one does. This is my second LG phone and my previous one also gave me problems so I think this may be my last LG phone. I like LG I have an LG fridge that work great but an LG phone again...maybe not.

I looove the optimus I had the iphone before and I  hardly notice tne difference I never thought I could go from apple to android but it was easyI can do most of the same things only down fall I can see is typing is a pain the keys are way too small and close together the swype method is cool tho. My iphone couldn't do that. I looove the fact that I can expand it to a 32 gig and it didnt affect the price of the phone. I looove my plan with virgin mobile I don't hv a crazy exspensive bill any more I'm glad I made the switch.

In the realm of smart phones, this phone passes for the retarded inbred cousin at best. It's slow, it freezes often, and for some reason certain apps aren't able to be saved on it's micros SD external memory. That may not seem like a problem, but the built in memory is so insignificantly tiny, that even the stock applications it comes with (once updated) will fill all of the available memory. So you will have to uninstall all the updates (because you can't delete them) for certain stock apps you don't plan on using often. So this phone seems like a stupid joke of an idea that LG decided to release before even considering testing their own product, how ever the reason I've rated this phone so highly is that it's absolutely indestructible. It may freeze and occasionally neglect to notify you of a phone call or a text, but you can guarantee it will eventually function properly. I've had this phone since May of 2011 and I've never even had to consider getting a new phone. This phone has been dropped, slammed in a door, punted, submerged, and even used as a blunt object to throw at someone's head. This phone laughs in the face of the most brutal punishment that would have shattered an average smart phone, and begs for more. If you want durability with the regenerative ability that would make Wolverine jealous over an endless amount of useless apps, I suggest you get this phone.

I have used a Moto A855 for 21 months.  Wanted to try the Virgin service to compare what you get for $25 a month, compared to the $110 that Verizon costs me.The voice quality that I get with the Optimus is actually quite a bit better than I get with the Droid.  It is consistently a better talker than the Droid.  The data throughput (speed as measured on speedtest.net) is slower with the Optimus, by numbers similar to 1.2MB. Droid; .48MB Optimus.Verizons network always works, Virgin's "Sprint" network work well in major markets on the East Coast, but didn't work in more remote areas of Upstate NY that I recently visited.  It did, however, always work on major highways and metro areas.The Optimus handset is very functional.  Android 2.2 is solid.  Battery life is limited, but controlled by turning off unused radios (bluetooth, gps, wifi, data network).The Amazon purchase and fulfillment was PERFECT.  The Virgin activation required me to manually enter voice and data numbers in "settings", for some reason.SUMMARY1 PRICE, unbeatable.2 SERVICE, "worth more than $25 dollars a month"3 Call Center QOS, "I didn't call them"4 Great value for those who don't need ubiquitous network coverage.

I have had the Optimus V since the day it came out, so far it is very good phone. I canceled my Verizon service because of how much money I will save in the long run. This phone is faster than my Motorola Droid. People need to download Quick Setting app to save battery I get close to 2 days of battery life when I turn off my 3g and keep my brightness low. The only little problem I have is the service isn't as good as Verizon but I can't complain for 25 a month. 3g speeds are still good when in the area but as long as people are buying the Virgin Mobile phones they will always be able to improve their service but overall I recommend this phone!

Nobody has ever matched Virgin Mobile for no-contract, low-cost cell phone plans. Now, after years of offering comparatively inept phones, it's nice to see them finally upgrading their lineup to include a selection of decent smart phones. Of course, buying a phone without getting roped into a two-year contract involves paying a fair price up front for the phone itself. So you have to weigh the benefits of getting a remarkably inexpensive no-contract provider plan against the higher initial cost of the phone itself.For me, that's a no-brainer. Virgin Mobile's $35 a month basic smartphone plan (unlimited internet and text with 300 unlimited talk minutes a month, or $15 more for unlimited talk) is ridiculously cheap.The LG Optimus V is arguably the best Android smartphone currently being offered by Virgin Mobile, and it's a very solid performer in most respects. Phone call clarity is excellent with no static, bad connections or dropped calls here in Southern California. The display is big, bright and easy to read. Buttons and basic functions are conveniently located, easy to learn and navigate. It's thin, reasonably small and light for a smartphone, with a pleasing finish. Apps and websites open fast, the touchscreen response is precise, and after a very short period of familiarization this is a phone you'll be comfortable using for everything from simple phone calls to internet access and texting.It's certainly a Best Buy in a smartphone for what it delivers at the price, even without considering the bargain plans Virgin Mobile offers.The biggest disappointment with the Optimus V is the 3.2 megapixel camera. There's no built-in flash, and picture quality should be a lot better, even in bright sunlight. That's not a deal-breaker for most people, just a criticism that LG should take to heart. Speaker volume and quality for phone calls, sound files and videos is no better or worse than you'd expect from the tiny built-in speaker, but the ear buds that come with the phone supply excellent sound. Like most phones from mobile providers, there is quite a bit of annoying bloatware built in that can't be deleted, but what else is new?If you're a text or email addict, the on-screen keyboard leaves a lot to be desired, but the Swype function is a tremendous help after you get used to it.Finally, nearly all Android phones suffer from a common problem that gets a lot of negative attention -- short battery life. The Optimus V is no exception. If you subject your phone to more than casual daily use, you'll want to buy a spare battery or two. The good news is that Amazon offers excellent Anker batteries (with a free charger) that actually last 20-25% longer than the OEM battery that comes with the phone.[...]In combination with Virgin Mobile's smart phone plans starting at just $35 a month, the Optimus V is probably the best, most inexpensive smartphone solution you can find, and I highly recommend it.

Let me start out by saying that I am, as the four stars above would indicate, very happy with my purchase of this phone.  I would not, however, buy it here. The price here is ridiculous.  I bought this phone yesterday for $90 less than the cheapest price that is available to be shipped by Amazon.  More on that near the end of the review.After holding out with my "stupid phone" and scoffing at smartphone users for years, a few months of playing with the iPod Touch 4th Gen that I received for Christmas convinced me that I needed to join the era of modern technology.  It wasn't entirely the desire to be cool that pushed me towards a smartphone.......but come now, who doesn't ALSO want to be cool?As I mentioned, it was the iPod touch that convinced me to join the smartphone revolution.  I live a very unconventional life -- I work from home via the Internet and travel as much as possible (30 countries and the majority of the US states in the past 2.5 years).  I am definitely someone who loves technology (heck.....I earn my living via the Internet and I use my laptop for everything).  However, I was a firm believer that I only needed my phone to make calls......that beyond "being cool", a smartphone wouldn't do much for me.  That was until I started playing with applications on my iPod and using FaceTime to talk with my parents (I had previously used Skype on my laptop, but FaceTime is so much clearer).  More and more I found myself wishing that my iPod was a phone that could always connect to the Internet so I could do things like scan bar codes in the store and compare prices with Amazon.  I bought a Virgin Mobile MiFi device so I could connect it to the Internet when I was away from home -- the unlimited plan on that was $40 a month at the time, but now I think it's $50 a month for that MiFi device.  Using that combo convinced me that I wanted an iPhone.  So I checked out Verizon and AT&T.........and; the plans were $75-$85 a month.  So I checked out the Virgin Mobile site........Now, I have to say -- ideally I wanted a GSM phone that I could unlock and then get SIM cards for when I travel.  It's so easy to buy a cheap SIM card and minutes pack in basically every country on Earth other than the US.  So that was pushing me towards AT&T; and T-Mobile even though Verizon has much better service in my area than either.  However, as I mentioned, the plans were $75-$85 a month.......So I went to the Virgin Mobile site out of curiosity.  I was curious about what kinds of phones they had and if there was something Android-based that looked attractive enough to steer me away from an iPhone.  They had two Android-based phones (the Samsung Intercept and this).  The Intercept was running Android 2.1 at the time (though I believe they have since updated to Android 2.2).  This phone was running the brand new Android 2.2 out of the box (no update necessary).  That sounded good to me as one of the main reasons to get a smartphone is to be able to download useful apps that can make life more convenient (and in my case, that can help me find good deals as I am a bargain-hunting addict).  A friend then mentioned Wal-Mart's mobile service (which I had forgotten about).  I checked out their options.  The best phone they had was a Motorla phone (I've never personally been happy with Motorola) that was running Android 1.5!!!!!  As I read reviews, one person after another complained about how they aren't able to download apps because most of the new apps are not compatible with the older version of Android on that phone.  Oh -- and wallyworld charges $214 for the phone!!!!!  CRAZY!  You would clearly be the antithesis of cool with the prepaid wallyworld phone.So I did some web searching on this LG Optimus V and found lots of great reviews.  Many people stated what I have found to be true -- it's a great mid-range phone.  It won't completely knock your socks off (for reasons that I'll get to), but the pros FAR outweigh the cons (which I will also get to).  Furthermore, I found info in plenty of Android forums about current deals and sales on this phone -- all of which have been far better than any price I've seen on something shipped by Amazon (I realize that these are third-party sellers with their own prices -- not Amazon's -- but WOW.  What gougers!)At this point, I should have already mentioned that this phone doesn't even get service where I live.  Virgin Mobile runs on Sprint's network and there is no Sprint service for 25 miles in any direction from my house.  But I travel a lot and I had a back-up plan for that with Skype.So the biggest "pro" on this phone is clearly the plan price.  At $25 per month for UNLIMITED Internet access and text messaging, it's an absolute no-brainer to go with Virgin's service.  My old Virgin Mi-Fi Internet HotSpot was double that price for just Internet!!  (By the way.....there are ways to do the same thing with this phone as long as you're reasonable with it).  Some people may be put off by only having 300 minutes of talk time per month -- however, the unlimited Internet makes that a moot point.  I pay $3 per month for unlimited calling to the US and Canada through Skype already (I use it often when I travel outside of the US to call friends and family back home).  You can install the Skype app on this phone and when you go to dial out using the dialpad, it gives you the option to use the phone dialer or Skype -- so you can just use Skype all the time and eliminate the need for any of the minutes!!  I will say that call quality occasionally suffers a bit using Skype if you don't have a strong connection -- so then the phone dialer is my backup in the rare chance that happens.  Since I just got the phone, I've been mixing up my use a bit......and 3 weeks into my service, I have used about 24 actual phone minutes -- the rest has been Skype.  So for $28 a month, I have a phone with unlimited calling, unlimited text messaging, AND unlimited Internet.  By contrast, I could have paid $75-$85 a month on a major carrier for a service that would have capped my Internet usage and capped my minutes.  At a difference of $45/month, we are talking about saving $540 a year over a major carrier (and that's a low estimate)!!!!!!!!  I wanted a GSM phone -- but with the $540 that I will save this year, I think I can just buy a cheap phone in EVERY COUNTRY I VISIT over the next year if I want one badly enough.  Game, set, match Virgin Mobile on plan price.  When your friends get angry about being locked into a contract that is 3 times the price for a phone that is only about 10% cooler than yours, they may not publicly agree with how cool your Virgin Mobile phone is.  But rest assured that they are going to envy you behind closed doors.  Who doesn't want to be envied?  Cool.Next up is service.  As I mentioned before, I do not get cell service where I live.  However, the phone still connects to Wi-Fi, so you can connect it to your home network and use it just as a regular phone.  It accepts incoming calls to my Skype number and makes outgoing calls with no problem.  In fact, I haven't even given my friends and family my "official" phone number -- just my Skype number to call on.  So it works just the same as a phone in my house.  The only inconvenience I hit is when I'm out and about in my immediate area.  For me this is not a big problem because I work from home.  Generally, when I leave the house, it's to go somewhere outside of that 25 mile radius where I do have service.  Now I won't lie -- Sprint's network just isn't as big as the others.  I live in upstate New York and the service is fine along major highways but terrible anywhere in the countryside.  That kind of stinks.  But if I lived in any kind of actual city, it wouldn't be a problem.  I've gotten 3G speeds as fast as I think anybody could want despite what some people say about speed.  I've been very pleasantly surprised.  Service gets sketchy when you get too deep into buildings in big cities -- but I think that's pretty common for everyone.  Maybe this phone gets touchy sooner.  I'm not a doctor or emergency responder of any sort, so this isn't a gamebreaker for me.  If it doesn't work fantastically well somewhere, my friends can leave a message and I'll call them back.  Maybe that's not acceptable for you -- or at least it has to be less cool than other phones.  So this phone loses a bit here perhaps depending upon how picky you are.As for the phone itself, I'd say that it is solidly mid-range.  I can't lie and say that I like it more than my iPod.  The truth is that I find the touchscreen more responsive and easier to read/see on the iPod (and therefore most likely on the iPhone) than on this LG Optimus V.  I find that I can scroll and zoom in and out significantly easier on my iPod.  However, that said, it's not HARD to do these things on the Optimus -- it just isn't the best.  It's certainly acceptable and decent and when I consider the $540 per year that I'm saving, I don't lose ANY sleep over this.  Like I said -- it's mid-range.  You're not going to use this phone and think it's the hottest phone you've ever imagined.  It's not.  But when your friends are talking about the cost of their plans and you're streaming away and texting away and downloading apps and it's only costing you $25 a month, I think you'll be just as OK as I am that their phones may be marginally cooler.  I must admit that I'm not much of a mobile-device gamer.  I can't comment on the gamability of this phone other than to say that I've downloaded a couple of games and they've been fine.  I'm more interested in deal-hunting and convenience (using things like GPS check-in services and barcode scanners) than I am in pure entertainment.  So if you're a heavy gamer, look to someone else's review.The on-screen keyboard is a bit of a pain to use.  I definitely commit a LOT more typos and can't type as fast as I can on my iPod.  HOWEVER, SWYPE IS AMAZING!!!!  I'm so happy that I took a minute to try the swype tutorial.  Thanks to the swype feature (which lets you swipe your finger across the keyboard from letter to letter and then figures out your words), I can now "swype" an email faster than I could ever type it on a mobile device.  It is SO convenient.  I don't care what phone you buy -- make sure it has that feature.  Wow.  SO cool.Now, as for price........it depends how hard you want to work for it.  This week, this phone can be had direct from the carrier as well as from most major retailers for $149.99 (or sixty bucks cheaper than the price here).  It is also on sale for the same price from the shack.  However, the best deal possible is through using FourSquare.  At almost any Shack, you can get 20% off by checking in on FourSquare for the first time at the Shack.  What I did was buy this phone at the Shack and then I activated it and downloaded the FourSquare app.  I then went and checked in one time somewhere else and then went directly to check in at the Shack and got a 20% off discount and I bought the phone again (for $120).  I'm returning the first phone.  If you know someone who already has a smartphone, you can do this is one trip by bringing them along to check in on FourSquare.  Of course, you don't need to use your real name and info.....I signed up for FourSquare with a name and info that will protect my identity as I don't like everyone in the world to know where I am all the time.  So anyway.....the phone is on sale at the Shack this week and the twenty percent discount is good through the end of this month.  I've read some stories about people having trouble getting the discount because store employees don't know about it, but I did it at a store in Philadelphia yesterday without any problem.  So.....I got it for ninety bucks less than the cheapest price available to be shipped directly via Amazon......and that's with a 30-day in-store return policy still.  Normally, I hate the Shack......I can't remember the last time I bought something there.....but this is a steal of a deal.  With the ninety bones you save by buying it elsewhere, you've got almost 4 months of service covered.Oh -- and this phone's MicroSD storage slot makes it instantly expandable up to 32GB. While 8GB or 16GB is probably plenty for most folks......even if you have the need to expand this to 32GB (those cards are a bit pricey), you can still have a phone that can hold as much music and as many apps as you could reasonable want in a mobile device for around $170.  If the 2GB included is enough, then you've got it for $120......and there are sufficient options in between.  All that makes this phone an easy purchase for me.Lastly, the battery life DOES suck just as everyone says it does.  I use TaskKiller and I still have trouble getting through the whole day on a charge.  Also, it does take a lot more time to fully charge than my iPod does.  However, with a wall/USB charger included and a USB car charger available on Amazon for $6 or less, it's okie dokie for me.  Again......not fantastic.  I would totally buy an extra battery or two (less than $15 from your favorite online auction site) if that was a big issue for me.  Again, the difference in plan price more than makes up for that in my mind.  But if battery life is important for you, buy spares or look elsewhere.  The battery life has to be the biggest downfall on this thing.The other major con for me is no front-facing camera.  I wish I could video conference with my phone.  It's lame that they left that feature out of this phone.  But if this were a dealbreaker for me, I'd use an app to make the phone a hotspot and FaceTime with my iPod.So overall, I think this is absolute bang for the buck.  At a hundred twenty bucks, it's cheaper than the Mi-Fi device out of the box while having more functionality and cheaper plans.  If you really want more minutes rather than using Skype, you can get 1200 minutes for $40 or unlimited minutes for like $60 or something (though, as I said, I use Skype and get those unlimited minutes for $3 more a month).  I didn't even mention the major pro of not having a contract......I can always decide whether or not I really need it this month.  If I'm going to be home a lot for a week or two at the beginning of the month, I just won't pay for the service again until I'm going to go out.  Wow.  MUCH better than being locked into a 1 or 2 year contract.  I'm not sure that any of the "uncool" features of this phone are even very relevant for most folks.  In fact, I think most people will be talking this up to their friends the same way that I have been -- to the same jealous stares when I explain how I'm getting more or less the same thing they are for a LOT less.  Do yourself a favor and buy this phone if you're thinking about it.  I think you'll be just as happy as I am.****************Edit*****************I mentioned in the review that I pay $3/month for Skype and one of the comments asked if it isn't more money for an online number.  I forgot about that -- I do pay more for that.  As you can see in the comments section, I pay $2.50 per month for unlimited calling and $2.50 per month for the online phone number (I pay for 12 months and maximize the discount).  So my grand total unlimited unlimited plan comes out to $30 a month.  Thanks!**************End Edit********************

Overall, the phone is good, but not great. It does pretty much everything I want it to. It will not play games that require a lot of processing. This is an entry level Android, let's keep that in mind here. Turn by turn navigation with Google Maps works. Streaming from Amazon Cloud works. Pandora, check. MP3 player, check. Most apps work just fine, but I did have issues with "The Weather Channel" app, causing the phone to lag/freeze/hang. This phone is more unstable than my old HTC Hero. The Optimus crashes occasionally, usually every few days, more frequently than I like. This is a great smartphone for the person just getting into smartphones or for the low-maintenance user. That being said, LG isn't a leading phone manufacturer and it shows. Overall the phone is responsive and does not lag very much.The real plus here is the service. No contract. The plans that VM offers are unrivaled considering price vs. features. Of course you will want to check your area for coverage (Sprint coverage), but I have been very satisfied with service so far. I ended my service with Sprint to move to VM and I have not noticed any difference, at all. None. And my bill is less than half what it was before with Sprint (on the same network). Now, Sprint's network might not be as strong or good or fast as Verizon, but you pay for what you get. So, if you feel like it's worth it to pay $120 per month for service, then go ahead. But, you can get almost all of the same features, at a slightly slower speed, for 1/3 of the cost here if it is a sacrifice you are willing to make.Bottom line: The LG Optimus V is not the best phone on the market by any means, but it will be more than most of us will ever need.

First off, this is a really awesome phone. I have used Virgin Mobile phones for the past 5 years and have found the service to be really great. The last phone I bought (LG Rumor 2) came in the mail with a minor defect, and so I emailed customer service and they were really great about sending me a new phone immediately. I have found that I get similar coverage as my friends with different service providers. The best part about Virgin Mobile is the price. I've been on the pay as you go plan for a while which is unbelievably cheap if you work it out. Phone service is just so expensive, and this is by far your best bet. (If you put in this code at activation: TS7VSTLM, you'll get 60 free minutes. It's part of VM's Kickbacks program.)

Bought it for my 16 yr old daughter. has everything she wants. after 3 months still running well. Music, internet surfing, games, texting, phone

This is my first smart phone the only problem I have had so far after a month is the voice mail alert that won't go away.  I did texted a friend and had her leave a voice mail and that was the only way it would disappear

Although I feel this is a great entry level device I recommend purchasing a different carrier or do not purchase from amazon. Virgin Mobile will not honor the purchase if you have any problems as they say it is from a third party seller but you will be covered under LGs limited warranty. My device failed in October of 2011 and was sent in for repair at LG, the first repair came back with a cracked screen, the two repairs later I still am unable to activate the phone completely. I can now make and receive calls but no web or e-mail. LG blames Virgin Mobile for the issue and Virgin Mobile states there is still a problem with the handset. With all this frustration I have requested a refund from LG in which it states they will refund at their discretion. From all the shipping labels they have provided they still want to attempt to correct the problem but still have not identified it.It is my opinion LG makes a lot of great products but their customer service is horrible. They do not return phone calls as they say they will. They don't fulfill the repairs in the time they state they will and they can't even fix my phone without creating another issue.LG reps have even stated I am not the only customer experiencing this issue with Virgin Mobile and it is not a common problem yet they have done nothing to correct it or even compensate for all the time without the device as their warranty states they are not required. Please be aware if you buy this phone be sure to get it from a seller that Virgin Mobile will honor a replacement so if any problem arises you will receive a replacement phone within days, opposed to a minimum of 3 weeks on a warranty repair with LG in which you will be required to pay shipping and may not even be covered under warranty.

This phone is not as user friendly as imagined. Maybe that is because there was no instruction book or pamphlet included in box. AND the camera does NOT have a flash. There was no SIMS card. All-in-all I would have done better getting the cheapest phone and gotten more.

The LG Optimus is a great phone but Virgin Mobile isn't offered in some places in the US. Go to their website first and check to see if service is available in your area. Also, don't buy this from Amazon. This phone started off at $149, then raised in popularity and went to $199. Don't pay a cent more than that, many places still have this phone at $199 or less depending on sales.This'll be tough to review since this is my first smartphone that I've owned, so I'll be reviewing this for people skeptical about owning one of these.I've had this for about 3 weeks and I love it so far! I put a 16 GB sd card in it and I've replaced my music player with this. The $25/month plan (Which as 300 anytime minutes and unlimited web data and texting) is a bit more expensive compared to what I used to pay, (I had one of those old pay-as-you-go phones) but the features greatly outweigh the cost I'm paying now.Google maps GPS works very well, but it was tough to get used to. It's not like a typical GPS where you can save favorite locations, but instead you'll have to save it as a contact on your phone.Call quality is very nice, texting can be a slight pain depending on the keyboard software you're using. (I do miss the slide out keyboard of my old phone) I use the Flex Input9 keyboard, use Amazon's app store and hopefully they'll offer another keyboard of similar quality for free with it's Free App of the Day.It's web browsing is very nice, you will need a 4 or 5 bar signal to get good browsing speeds. The signal itself has been a hit and miss, some places I'll get poor signal just by going inside a grocery store(Some kind of weird interference I suppose), but it's been rare.The battery life is a problem, but there are ways to extend it. What I do is turn the phone to it's lowest display brightness, turn off the GPS, 3G speed, and keep the phone locked when not in use. My phone's battery will stay at a 90% to 65% from 5AM to 10PM depending on usage. You can actually get apps from the Android Marketplace to see what exact percentage your phone's battery is at. (Highly recommend the "Battery Notifier (Big Text)" app on the Marketplace)I highly recommend this phone, it's price may be expensive but the plans it has are not.

A great product that was not to hard to figureout the basics. My first smart phone the things youcan load plus the tools on their are great.This lg optimus was designed for the customers use &not the person who understands everything( what I mean is very USER FRIENDLY ) Great phone &great plans.

Wow, my LG Optimus V is AWESOME! This is my fist SmartPhone and it feels like a whole new world. I received it via USPS in two days, feel I got it for a great price, it is advertised at 149.99 on Virgin's web site and everywhere else I've seen it for sale, if you can't swing a lump sum payment, QVC sells it at 149.99 with 5 easy payments. I have had no problem figuring the phone out, just by playing with it. I have read other reviews that claim you can use the phone via wifi without activating the phone, and then you can use Skype to make calls.. I am more than happy with my plan from Virgin. Previous reviewers state they are getting unlimited text and web with 300 mins of talk for 25.00 a month, well the cheapest plan now is 35.00 a month, then 45.00 for 1200 mins, 55.00 for unlimited everything.., try getting that from Verizon or any of the big carriers. Calls are crisp and no dropped calls from my phone or area, (Las Vegas), I may still establish a Skype internet number if I feel I need more talk time, it sounds like a good idea so you don't exceed your minutes.The only thing I find a bit challenging is the on screen keyboard, but, I find the talk to text option very helpful.I read some really great reviews about the phone here before ordering it, and I want to thank the people that took time out to write the reviews. They are such a great help to finding the best products and deals. I am so happy to kick Verizon to the curb, after being a customer for 8 years and going over my minute allowance, they show no mercy! My mistake, fine, but my biggest mistake would have been to stay on their service, my contract was ready to expire, so switching to Virgin was a no brainer! Totally LOVE everything about this... Buy the phone and make the switch today!UPDATE: Just want to thank the merchant for the great customer service. I ordered this phone two weeks go, within that time frame the price has come down twice, I e mailed the merchant both times and received two credit's for the difference. I'm a very happy shopper!Second Update: I received this phone on Sept 24, 2011.  On March 22, 2012, it quit working.  That's almost 6 months to the day. It was fine while it lasted! I have ordered a Motorola Triumph to replace it. Sorry... no more LG for me...Good Luck everyone.

SO in playing with this phone I was able find a way to use it as a WIFI Hotspot for unlimited data for only 35 bucks per month.  I dropped my MiFi2200 after that.  I found this video which shows how it has been done before[...]

saved $25 bucks on my phone by buying it here, no tax because it was from out of state, another $15 saved BUY HERE.

I paid $199.00 at Target.  Guess I should've shopped around.  Had it just over 3 months. Constant connectivity problems & was never able to access microSD card but the last straw was when I tried to download some of the free apps from amazon.  The phone stated it was downlading, but in the end I ended up with no downloads & 3 download arrows permanently stuck in the upper left hand corner of the screen.I called customer service--what a communication nightmare!  After 3 calls & a lot of misunderstandings (did I say communication nightmare, more like communication hell) I finally resolved the issue.  They sent me a new (reconditioned) phone.Well I still have connectivity problems & still can't access the microSD card so I'm not even going to try to download any apps.  I will just deal with it until I have the money to get a new phone with a different company.  Of course trying to find a good no contract phone that is attached to a good company with a good network & good customer service is going to be a challenge.I wish I had checked these reviews before I invested in this phone.  I would not have bought it.  This phone is not worth the money!

This is hands down the best on the virgin mobile offers. Why even go to 1 of those corporate carriers when you get out of this version mobile phone for 40 dollars a month

Phone works great. Even after all this time it still performs like the day I first turned it on.

This was my first foray into the Android "smart phone" arena, and I've been very pleasantly surprised.It's only 3G, and we're into 4G territory as I write this, but for the money, and a good phone plan, this thing is costing me pennies a day.I went with Virgin Mobile, $25/month for 300 minutes of phone and unlimited everything else.  I hope I'm not breaking any rules by saying that, but it's a great, affordable introduction to the smart phone world.I'm in my 40's, been programming computers since 1991, and this is the coolest little toy I've had in ages.

This phne is amazing. for the price u is gettn at its a serious deal. this phne should be $200 dollars. The feartures on the phone is gd. wifi capable and adding all types of apps make this phne well worth. i had dis for 2 months and wrks well. i love i hve downloaded abt 30 different apps and it runs well and smooth. da screen is responsive. my service is gd. da only con is the volume could be a little higher and the size of the word keypad  is small and cant be changed. besides that, i pay 45 bucks for unlimited web and data and i have 1200 min which is more than engh cas im a texter. Video is good and picture is solid, pic could be a tad better but no major complaints. i cn watch netflix on my phne and youtube. wen i hve a low signal or may have no service i talk and text on the wifi connection the google or viber app so its win/win situation with wifi being almost everywhr for free. Its an easy smartphone to configure. My girl has the samsung intercept and it doesnt cmpare to my phone cas her freezes occasionally and from tyme to tyme she has to turn off and on her phone. if u cant afford the motorola droid den u cant go wrong with phone.

features are very  "iphone-like" but the legacy 3G network from sprint makes browsing a little slow.Either way, a great 1st smartphone for me.  Very satisfied given the attractive price and overall performance.

I just returned the LG thrive (the other prepaid android phone) to purchase this, and so far I'm very happy with it.  The call quality is much better, and I haven't had any problems with battery life, though I leave 3g mode turned off most of the time.  I have the same issues with it as everyone else: limited memory and slowish processor.  However, for $125, it's a great phone, and the plan is much cheaper than my old AT&T plan.

Why I bought the LG Optimus V?I purchased the phone because I wanted to replace my Metro PCS phone service which was pricey, spotty, unreliable and very slow, not to mention using a bulky phone (Huawei M860 Ascend) that I needed to recharge constantly.My experience with the LG Optimus VI love phone, before I purchased it at amazon I checked the price at Bestbuy and Walmart, as usual, Amazon beaten both hands down. I ordered the phone on a Friday, I received it by Monday (I was very impressed). The phone has a nice tactile feeling to it and the phone is just the right size (3.5 x 1.9 x 0.9 inches) for people with small hands like me. At 2.7 ounces, the phone is very light and portable. Additionally, I don't have to recharge the phone as often as I used to recharge my old one. With one daily charge of the battery I can use the Pandora application while checking my personal e-mail and surfing the web roughly 2 hours per day, I don't talk on the phone very much so I only use it for about 15 minutes per day. I also use the built-in MP3 player application to listen to my tunes stored on the included 2 GB microSD card. I don't watch Youtube videos very often; however, I've noticed that whenever I use the Iheart radio app for about 30 minutes, the phone gets very hot and the battery is drained so I have to recharge the battery more often when using this application. I have not used the phone with wi-fi so I can't comment on how soon the battery lasts with the wi-fi turned on. I've taken a few photos with the phone and 3.2 megapixel camera is decent (what do you expect for the price?). When surfing the web, the 3.2-inch touchscreen is very responsive and bright, I've noticed that when I go out for a walk, the screen is hard to see outdoors when exposed to the sun light.Overall, I'm extremely happy with the phone, very light, portable, nice fit and finish, long battery life, excellent sound (loud volume) and touch screen is very responsive, great value.Virgin Mobile planI activated my LG Optimus V phone with Virgin Mobile, I was able to do this on-line and was able to keep my existing phone number, since I'm not a big talker or texter, the $35.00 monthly plan (with no annual contract) is just right for me. (300 any time minutes with unlimited text and web). My goal has been accomplished: Replace my old more expensive, unreliable service with a phone I didn't care for with Cheaper and more reliable service with a phone I love.

runs basic apps just fine. good size (not too bulky even with otterbox case but not tiny either. processor is a little weaker than expected but overall no huge complaints

This has really helped keep my phone alive, I dont know how many times i've dropped it. No scratches thanks to this, and it seems to help take the impact too.

This is my first android phone and I love it. All it's features are wonderful, I love that I get options with ringtones. The voice quality is great, the messaging is fine. The one thing that might be bothersome is the camera's click is rather loud and the photos are a bit fuzzy, but otherwise worth the price.

This is my first smart phone and I have to say it's great.  I did a lot of research before I bought it.  I wanted to get a more updated phone that did everything I needed it to do, but didnt want to pay an arm and a leg for it.  My previous phone, which was a flip phone, I'd been using for the past 5+ years.  Once I started using this phone, all I can say is it's changed everything for me.  It is a great buy, especially at the price.

I have had the phone for a week now, I have it hooked up wi-fi at home, why do I use it on Wi-Fi you ask? Because Virgin Mobile is making it a huge pain in the butt to port my number over to them. They have taken my number from my old carrier but can't seem to get the new phone to activate.I have been on the phone with customer service 4 times now. I was told that it would only be an hour or two for an update on their system, this was 24 hours ago. I called again today and was told they would make it high priority and it should only be another 48-72 hours before they get it turned on. That will mean I will have gone over a week with no phone service at all.Overall the phone seems to be great! The service sucks.UPDATE:Virgin Mobile is the worst company that i have ever dealt with. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!! I had service with them for a week, it never worked at all and when i called to get a refund they told me that they could not do anything for me. I paid $35 for nothing. Absolutely stay away from Virgin Mobile. Straight Talk has much better service I have already transferred my number back to them.

I've had this phone for around 2 weeks and I love it.The phone feels solid in my hands. I got aBody Glove 9176804 Glove, LS670 - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackand it adds to the feel/value of the phone.The phone starts up quickly and doesn't lag or freeze when I use it.The Virgin Moble phone service is working out fine but there were two nights when I couldn't send or receive texts.If the phone had a flash it would be perfect.

I've owned this phone for over a year, using it on the Virgin Mobile network, so I think I can review it. The basics:1. It's one of the cheapest/best deals for an Android smartphone (or was in 2011)2. Because it's cheap, it doesn't have all the features/specs of more expensive phones3. Battery life isn't great. Running with 3G will drain it in about half a day. You can toggle 3G off when not using it (use wifi or just keep it offline) and it will last all day.4. Internal storage is minimal. You have to move apps to the SD card to save space. Apps that aren't movable (including pre-programmed ones you can't remove) take up space and you'll find yourself deleting cache and data just to keep the phone usable.5. I've noticed a significant increase in the phone freezing up, requiring me to restart it at least once a day. I'm guessing this is because it's getting overpowered by the latest App updates.All that said, if you're looking for a cheap/basic Android model, this one will get the job done.Update 3/5/13: After multiple freezes, I reset the phone and reinstalled my most used apps only. Freezing seems to be less of a problem.

I purchased two of these phones on May 9; the return policy expired June 12. About a week out of the return period, the first phone started malfunctioning. I can't get through a five minute phone call without the phone freezing, preventing any communication with the caller. The people on the other end of the line say they hear "running water" and garbled voices (not mine). This lasts anywhere from 3 - 45 seconds. It occurs sporadically and frequently. Often, we have to hang up and redial to get back to an actual phone conversation. I use the phone for business purposes, and can no longer speak with clients on this phone. I have freed up memory space and have more than 30M available, so that isn't the problem. The second phone started malfunctioning this week, too. Avoid this phone if you want to actually use your phone!

I got this phone when it first came out and I have had it for about a year and 5 months and I have had a case and screen protector on it and I have dropped many of times and it has never broke, but it does have a few problems like sometimes it will freeze but all you have to do is turn it off and  back on or sometimes I had to take the battery out. Its a pretty decent phone over all but the camera SUCKS, I would not recommend this if you like taking pictures the camera is terrible and it takes forever to take a picture.

I've had this phone for over a year, which is the longest I've ever been able to keep a phone in such good condition. When I bought it, I also invested in the $20 screen cover, and I would recommend buying one with it too.Aside from the occasional freezing, this phone has survived everything that has come at it thus far. It falls out of my pocket constantly, and although it comes apart, it starts right back up perfectly. It's a brick, it won't break. The touch screen is responsive, and the camera (eh) is good for day shooting still objects, but not for taking pictures of energetic pets or concert scenes. Sound is clear (unless it's videos from loud areas, concerts or parties). No real complaints with battery life - if you're on facebook for a few hours, of course the battery is going to drain, but with texting, calling, and occasionally checking networks, the battery (for me) usually lasts from 6:30 am to 8:30 pm, which is enough time for me. It's not a hassle to charge over night.My one true complaint is the memory isn't great. I don't have many apps and have to delete photos I don't view every once in a while. I wish I could have a couple games, as well as facebook, twitter, and instagram, and a few extra apps also. Unfortunately, I have to limit it, even with the extra memory card.It's a good phone that I've luckily been able to keep my 25 dollar a month plan with, though that won't last when it finally decides to die on me.Although it's not worth a 5 star rating, I wish I could give it a 4.5 instead of a 4. It's a great phone for people that are only using it to text and keep up with friends.

This is my first Andriod and it is amazingly cool when its working.  Miles ahead of my old Sprint Reclaim, however it freezes all the time.  I've done some google searches and apparently I'm not the only one.  I tried posting on the LG forum but I couldn't so I'm going to my beloved amazon to share.Sometimes the screen will lock when you're doing something, othertimes the phone will freeze while on standy by in your pocket... the screen will be black yet the phone is still on, just no response - and the only way to get it back is take out the battery which is kinda a pain to do, and then put the battery back in.  No, the power button doesn't work when its like that.Just recently, doing my remove battery trick to unfreeze the phone - the phone couldn't restart.  I've tried everything I could but it just gets stuck on the loading screen.  I've contacted LG via live chat and they just said send it back and the warranty will fix or refund it.  Ug, ok I'm out a phone for now.  I'll update with how it goes.Performance: note when its working its pretty good.  Its not as fast as the iPhone, playing Doodle Jump (game) you'll notice a little bit of lag while on the iPhone its perfectly smooth - but for the Price its hard to complain.***4/3/11 UPDATE***Ok, mailed my phone into LG, they repaired it for free under their 1 year warranty.  7 day turnaround + shipping time.  Phone works great again, I'll update if it any of the issues comeback.  Note, when I called Virgin about my issue they said they would send a replacement phone but they're out of stock so I would have to keep calling back day after day with the same issue until they got them in stock... fail.Even with not having my phone for almost 2 weeks, its such a well priced phone plan with no contract and a cool phone that I say go for it.  Note I heard some stuff about the phone cost going up, mine was $150.One cool feature is even though my phones memory got cleared somehow my contact list came back after awhile (not instantly).  Also the apps I bought before I could redownload for free.  (most apps are free anyway except for my beloved doodle jump)

This is my second Android phone on Virgin Mobile. After a few days of owning the Optimus V I believe the phone warrants the 5 star rating.The best comparison is to the Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept that I replaced with Optimus V.The reception is significantly better than the Intercept. With the Intercept I can barely make a call from my home. location is in the middle of what VM calls "fair" reception. Since I started using the Optimus V I am able to make calls from where the Intercept could not.Overall the Optimus V is very close to the iPhone in terms of the way the phone works and feel.VM's network is good, with the exception of spotty areas. My home happens to be right in the middle a very small poor coverage area. Everywhere else the network does not disappoint.I was going to begin the review with stating that there are better Android phones than the Optimus V and cost wise the Optimus V is better choice due to that reason. On the contrary the Optimus V is excellent phone in it's own regard. I would buy the phone with a larger memory card. I was close to running out of storage after installingmy apps. It would be wise to get a good protective case and a good screen cover. The touch screen is plastic type and I would believe would scratch easily. Wifi Hotspot works easily out of the box after downloading an app to enable wifi tethering feature.

I've had this phone since February of 2011, and after dropping it from up high many, MANY times, it still works as good as new! Really not bad for the $150 I paid for it at the time. I agree with the reviews that say the battery life is short, but usually I only need to charge it overnight and I'm good for the entire next day. I have also had trouble with finding 3G coverage in that it seems to come and go (I've noticed a pattern of about 3 days on, 3 days off), but lately I found that if I just turn the phone off, wait a few seconds, and then turn it back on, my 3G reappears again like magic. :D Not sure if that will work for everyone, but it's worth a shot!It's great that I can still get almost every app I need on Google Play. I do wish the phone had more storage because I hate relying on SD cards, but oh well. I'm always happy that I bought this phone because it really has been good to me. I'd definitely buy it again, but not necessarily for the $150 I originally spent on it. :)

This phone it is the best I ever own right now I love this phone this phone it is on the old Android on 2.2.1 that came on my Android phone already installed this phone it is Pratty cool & nice very nice looking smartphone I had'ed on me I pay ongly $35 once a monthly with 300 anytime minutes unlimited texts & data with it I have a mobile hotspot on mines It really does work If you want a better old phone get this one This is my really best that beats metro pcs lg optimus m on 2.1 or 2.2 fryo and also lg optimus slider on 2.3 gingerbread don't get that phone it really does suck on 2.3 gingerbread better on 2.1 or 2.2 fryo for me not gonna pay tooooo much money on my phone bill with any other prepaid carriers This phone it is sooo fast over 3G & on wifi really so fast data on both 3G & wifi I won't even trade it or sale it this phone it's one of the best smartphone I ever gotten I don't have any problems with it mostly all apps really works just fine some apps don't wanna get to work but any ways I don't care I love this phone

When I first purchased this phone it worked just fine. Recently some of the buttons (the home key)have stopped working.  Also another issue with the phone is the screensaver never comes up after being idle.  If I had known this was the case before I bought it; I wouldn't have purchased the product.

For its price, LG Optimus V is quite decent. It comes with a lot of preloaded apps, some of which are not useful. Most, however, are. Swype, in particular, is simply awesome. The biggest downside is battery life but that seems to be common to most Android smartphones. It is very difficult to run the phone for two days without a recharge. Also, the sound quality could be better.

I bought this one for my 18 yr old.  I have the same phone and service.  If you want a low cost, excellent phone, this is the one for you.  I intend on upgrading my other two kids phones to this one. Automatic tracker(locater) already installed on this one. Called latitude.  I would buy this for every parent if I could just to locate their kids.  Works as an excellent smart phone, internet is very good.  Issue with 3G, have to press activate button if this happens to you.  THummbs up Virgin!!!!!!

First off, this is a great phone for the money. I plan on rooting it at some point because the processor is a little slow and I'd like to overclock it. For anyone who isn't a power-user, this phone will work great. I've had this phone for about two months, and the following things are what I like and dislike most about the phone:Keyboard, Swype, and Voice input:I've used iOs and I think that the combination of Swype and voice input make Android a far superior choice for texting and typing. I don't text a lot, but the Swype feature works far better than I expected it to, and the voice recognition is also very, very accurate.Android marketplace:It's got everything you need.Performance:I find that it lags for me on some applications; Again, I have realistic expectations for this phone and don't expect Galaxy II or Iphone 4s like performance.Camera:Is really actually pretty poor, but it's a $100 phone, can't expect muchBattery life:This seems to be a common complaint on Android phones. The battery will last a little over a day on standby, but if you are actively using it (especially if you are playing games), the battery will last 8 hours, if you are lucky.Internal storage:This is probably the most irritating thing for me. I bought a 32GB card to store apps, music, and whatnot, but some apps HAVE to be on the internal space, which is extremely limited (200MB). Even more irritating is the fact that the pre-loaded apps cannot be deleted, as they sit in the root file and cannot be removed unless you root the phone (which voids the warranty). I don't use Twitter, so why should I HAVE to have a twitter app loaded on my phone?Reception:Not really the phones fault, but since moving to Louisville, my 3G speeds are slow and I drop calls more often. It would be worth your time to check out Sprint's reputation for coverage in your area.All in all, if you are looking to be on your phone ALL the time, I'd not buy this phone as it's limitations will become onerous to you in short order. If you just need a phone for occasional use while wanting some of the smart phone functionality (I use mine to access my class schedule and so on), it is a great, economical choice.

I had been researching smartphones, particularly iphones and blackberries, for quite some time, but simply could not justify the upfront cost of the phone as well as the monthly costs. When I received a kindle fire and returned to texting on my tracphone, I knew I had to find a smartphone, as the tracphone (the only tracphone touchphone)was too difficult to type into.I read the reviews, particularly one about how the woman had set it up wirelessly before activating, and decided on "impulse" to buy it at Target for $80 (April 2012). I played with the phone for several weeks using only wifi, and then activated it. This is a great phone: keyboard was worrisomely small, but with voice to text, voice command and calling, this becomes a moot point.No need for gps: it's in the phone, although also install the free google maps or mapquest apps (free in playstore, preloaded) because the navigate can be unreliable at times. Facebook can be slow to load, but the facebook message (preloaded) is an easier and faster alternative, as you can backload into your profile quickly. Craigslist app is way better here than on my kindle, just a smaller screen. Kindle app and kindle mp3 are wonderful and surprisingly easy even on the small screen. Zedge app is great for free additional ringtones, wallpapers and live wallpapers. 99% of all my apps were downloaded prior to my activating this phone.In addition, call quality is crisp and clear. I have not had any dropped calls or poor quality anywhere I have been using my phone.I have been very lucky with my battery life: with heavy texting and web surfing, I still get a solid two days of usage before I must recharge. I just installed a battery saver app, and now get even more time, although I'm still testing it to see just how much additional life I get out of it.I have not ventured out of the google playstore for apps, as there is a seemingly endless array of apps (most, it seems, free). Educational, writing, utility, paranormal, cooking, crafting, shopping, ringtone, wallpaper, gps, video calling, you name it, it's probably there and free. All in all, a very good phone, the best price both in terms of phone and monthly cost.

i absolutely love this phone for 35 dollars?! i works just a little static when calling but other than that it works great. I will be buying from them again! :)

This has been an awesome phone. Love it! I would recommend it to people but virgin mobile is slipping. had some 3G problems but that was handled pretty well. Other then that it is a great phone

I got this phone March 2011, and am still using it (January 2012). For the price, there's not much to compare it to. Through Virgin Mobile, I pay $25 a month for unlimited text/data, and 300 minutes. I bought the phone from Best Buy for around $130. I was grateful that there was finally an affordable smart phone on the market.The problem? Almost from the day I got it, I could tell that this phone isn't up to par. Apps take a long time to load, don't load, or even crash the whole system. There are some apps, specifically higher quality games, that will waste half my battery before finally loading. Even texting/calling messes up. It's happened a few times that the phone froze mid-call, disabling me from disconnecting. I had to take the battery out to disconnect the call. In fact...I have to take the battery out to solve about 30% of the app-crashing problems. The longer I had the phone, the worse it got.Battery life is poor. Without apps like Juice Defender (helps to conserve battery life by disabling data connections, etc), it doesn't last long. I don't think I've ever gone a full day without using data, so I can't tell for sure what it's like if you just text/call. One time, I accidentally left my phone at home for the day. I came home to a completely depleted battery (5% or less) 11 hours later. I had received zero calls and less than five texts.I've also noticed that the phone overheats pretty easily. Literally overheats. The battery gets hot to the touch (not more than 90-100 degrees). This greatly diminishes its ability to work normally.Like I said, nothing can beat Virgin Mobile prices. When I got this phone, it was one of the best that they offered. Even though I have issues with this phone (and sometimes VM in general), no way would I pay traditional cell phone bills. But, keep in mind, you'll get what you paid for! This phone is flawed and designed to break down.

This is my first smartphone. I've had it for about a month and so far I have no complaints when it comes to the phone. It did freeze up on me twice (probably due to running too many apps and approaching low memory) but I just pulled out the battery and everything was good as new. Now onto battery life... I primarily use this phone as a phone. I don't play games or listen to music. I have an ipod touch for that. I use 3G sparingly when I'm on the road. So my battery has been able to last me up to 2 days. I either turn it off at night or put the phone in airplane mode. As someone who had an old EnV 2 from Verizon for three years, this phone is a major improvement and I am very happy with it.

This is my first smartphone and it was great until I ran into what I consider a major weakness. The size of the phone memory is not only tiny (less than 180MB), it's taken up by bloatware, leaving very little space for apps that cannot be moved to the SD card. These apps, some of which are large, take up the lion's share of the phone memory, along with other Android system files. A couple of months ago, when I didn't yet understand the problem (being a total newbie), I went out and bought a 32GB SD card naively believing that it would solve my "phone storage is getting low" notification problem. When I saw that my new SD card is only 1% full and I was still getting the low space problem, I looked into it and realized that it was still the internal memory that was the problem, and that cannot be changed. Okay, then, most apps can be moved to the SD card after they are installed, however, many cannot be moved out of phone memory, resulting in a crowded tiny space and a vast empty SD card. So I can make sure the apps I'm installing can go to the SD card, right? I was thinking that would sort of solve the problem. But now, there's an additional problem: there's so little space left on the phone memory, about 16MB, that it's getting close to where there won't be enough room to even put apps there temporarily. As far as I know you cannot install apps directly on the SD card. Like a huge room with a teeny tiny door. I've had to uninstall apps that I really wanted to even get room to go through the phone memory to the SD card. Of course, the largest apps (some of them useless to me) came with the phone and cannot be uninstalled or moved to the SD card. In looking at other phone descriptions, I see people describing phone memory sizes like 2GB as too small. That's more than 10 times the size of the phone memory of the LG Optimus! It's too bad because I had no other problems and really enjoyed the phone until I ran into this problem, which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1. I have no problem with Virgin Mobile's service. I'm going to wait and buy a new phone using the same plan when I'm pretty sure which one I want.

In February 2011, I bought the Optimus V, the first day Android was available on Virgin. I hate phone contracts. This phone is proof you can get a great phone for a reasonable price, and not be tied down for two years.I moved from Boost (CDMA) after 18 months. Both Boost and Virgin are owned by Sprint; and the CDMA phones run on the same Sprint network, so coverage is not an issue.The Optimus V is an amazingly flexible phone. Between the Android Market, the Amazon App Store, and my Gmail account, there wasn't much I could not do.-Work email and calendar next to my personal email and calendar-All my contacts in Gmail there, too-Google Docs, etcI bought an Otterbox Commuter for it, too - from Amazon.In short, this phone is amazing, and fully customizable to your needs. From stock and calendar widgets, to turning on and off wifi without leaving the home screen.I added Quick Settings from the Amazon Market, and had a wifi hotspot when needed!There is only one con: the internal storage for apps is tiny. I cannot believe the phone only has ~180mb for your apps. I have tried nearly everything. Removing bloatware, etc, but this is a stupid shortcut taken by LG.It hasn't been enough for me to switch phones, but it is sad that my iPod touch has more space (by 40 fold)!

----October 13, 2012 update----This phone seems to be rapidly deteriorating. The screen and buttons frequently become non-responsive. If I'm reading a newspaper app I can typically get through a few articles before it gets stuck and I have to take the battery out. When it gets stuck the power button doesn't do anything.----June 8, 2012 update---Space on the phone's internal memory ran out on me so I've moved my apps to the SD card. This definitely decreases the stability of the phone. Sometimes the icons will all turn into the stock android app icon and when I click on any of them the message "this application is not installed on your phone" comes up. Sometimes the problem resolves itself after a few seconds, but sometimes I get impatient and restart the phone. Maybe it would always fix itself if I waited long enough. Also, the phone seems to freeze more often than it did before. I end up taking the battery out about once a day. It seems that when it freezes up the power button is useless so you can't restart it without cutting the power. I still like it overall, but I'm feeling the difference between this and an iPhone more than I was before.-----original review-------After being an iPhone user for 4 years, this phone is not as much worse as I expected. Here are the differences I have found to be meaningful after a few weeks:-Screen size: The 0.3 inch difference in screen size between this and the iPhone sounded negligible to me, but I have found that it is much harder to type on this phone, using either of the preloaded keyboards or downloading others that claim to be better. Also, most Android apps are clearly optimized for a larger screen. Not infrequently I come across pages where you need to type something and find that when the keyboard opens up the only thing I can see is the header on the app or webpage, so I can't actually see what I'm typing. This difficulty compounds the super narrow keys on the keyboard.-Stability: In the first few weeks it has frozen a couple times such that the only thing I can do to get it to respond is to take out the battery and put it back in. Other things crash maybe once a day, not enough to annoy me.-Battery life: I speak on the phone very little, but I have some app or other open and use the internet and GPS quite a bit. A couple of times it has died on me late in the day after I'm already home, but usually it has a few percent at least left. If you plan to talk on the phone a lot or for some reason find it inconvenient to charge it up every night the battery life would be a problem.-Voicemail: I'm not sure if this is because of the phone or Virgin Mobile, but you have to call your voicemail to get your messages and go through that painfully slow old-fashioned system of listening to the computer voice tell you the number of messages, the phone numbers, when the call was, etc. This is much less convenient than having all your messages listed on a screen where you can see the time and name or number to play or delete with the touch of a button.Other than that, all my thoughts about the phone have more to do with Android vs. iOS rather than the Optimus V itself. This phone is clearly not as luxurious as an iPhone or a much more expensive Android phone. It is a great way to save money by trading down or a cheap way to trade up from a not-so-smartphone.One last note: get the GrooveIP app and a Google Voice number. You can place and receive all your calls over the data network with your unlimited data plan instead of using your very limited minutes. I use 90% of my minutes with my girlfriend so I only had to give her my Google Voice number and have plenty of minutes for other people who call me. The voice quality is a little bit tinnier and washed out than over a regular call, but it's not a big difference. The biggest problem is that there's about a 2 second round-trip lag (if I say something and am on speakerphone I don't hear my echo for about that long, is what I mean). You have to learn a hint of patience so you don't end up talking over the other person.I'd rather have an iPhone, but I'd rather rather save $1,400 over the course of two years.

Works as described. Does not drop calls gets reception almost everywhere.  I have had it 6 months now and just this weekend got somewhere where there was not reception ( the people i was visiting have that problem consistently) so I just turned on the wi-fi and the problem was solved.  I have driven to Atlanta, GA, Lexington KY and Columbia, MO and not had signal problems. All involve a lot of rural driving from STL so I would say the phone and network are pretty reliable.  I would give it 5 stars if it were a little larger.

Super phone, i have had it for a while now and its the best phone i have ever used. its really cool.

I read a few of the negative reviews on this phone, and it's downright silly. For $70, this is the best phone on the market for its price. Given Virgins cheap prepaid plans, you are getting a solid deal.I pay $35 a month for unlimited data and unlimited texting. Though, I only have 300 minutes each month. I chose this because I do not talk on the phone that much, for I believe for $50, you will have unlimited calls too.To the people who say the internal storage is too small, so they can't download a bunch of apps. ROOT YOUR PHONE!!!! Everyone should do this once you buy this phone. There is a good chunk of bloatware on it (apps you cannot delete from Virgin Mobile/Third Party Partners) that slows the phone down and kills the battery life. After rooting your phone, those will be gone, and you will have administrative control. So, you can download apps to your SD card, instead of internally.This phone and a plan by Virgin Mobile is all you need if you are looking to do the basics. Go on the internet (not as fast as iphone, but it works well enough!), use it's GPS, listen and stream music, blah blah blah. The only thing it might lag at is high-end mobile gaming. If you are not 14 years old, this phone will be solid for you.

the fact that i can get a android phone on a prepaid market and have unlimited data is awesome first let me say i have been with virgin mobile for exactly a year now i got this phone about 3 months ago upgrading from the kyocera loft so far this phone had been good it works well with wifi but the 3g network is kinda slow but most of the time i am near wifi so honestly that is not a big deal for me but as of late i have noticed that the phone had gotten laggy meaning that it moves kinda slow it has frozen up a couple times on me as well although not a big deal at the moment it could become a big deal later on but my main issue has been with charging my phone i have not been able to just put my phone on the charger and its works i have to jiggly the charger and lay it flatly on a service just for it to hold a charge i bought another charger thinking i had a faulty charger but now i have found out that the charger is not the problem and that it may be the phone i called virgin mobile and after fighting with the automatic voice service(which is a pain) i was connected to tech support and will now been receiving an replacement phone also if your nervous about buying this phone from this amazon seller i would say go for it i received my phone early and didn't have any shipping problem's all in all this is not a bad phone i would recommend it to any one i love it

I have no complaints about this phone.  It is currently the best smartphone on Virgin Mobile which is very good value carrier.  Android 2.2 is great.If you prefer a phone with a real keyboard, you should look into the Samsung Intercept.  It has been updated to Android 2.2 as well and performs very well, now.If you can wait until later in the summer, Motorola and Virgin Mobile are finally teaming up to bring the Motorola Triumph to the carrier.  This, like the LG Optimus uses a virtual on-screen keyboard, instead of a slide out.The Triumph will also feature:2 cameras, a 5 mega-pixel main camera that is capable of recording full HD video, as well as a video chat camera that is on the same side as the screen.A 4.1 inch high resolution display.A very compact and slender design that looks very similar to a Motorola Droid.A fast processor.No pricing or release schedule has been formalized yet.  You may want to get the LG Optimus to hold you over (especially if you can find it used), because it is a very good performing phone, or you may want to wait a few months for them to release the Triumph.As for specifics about this phone:- Fast processor.  Even though the specs of this phone are slower than the Intercept, it actually performs tasks faster, especially application changes.- Beautiful display.  Although a little small for my taste, the display is sharp and attractive.  I look forward to the 4.1" on the Triumph.- Calls and data.  This phone handles calls and data requests very quickly.  The VM network is a little spotty in rural areas, but overall it is good, especially on this phone.- Touchscreen.  The touchscreen on this phone is precise and responsive.

The bad:This phone was really good when I first got it and I could download all these apps without worry but after having it for more than two years, something with this Android system prevents me from downloading more apps or even updating my current ones because of storage limitations. Which doesn't make sense because there are so few apps on my phone.Also, the phone is pretty slow now and sometimes slightly lags if I swipe through the screens or try to look at my photos, etc. Also, glitchy things happen sometimes (although rarely) such as the phone restarting on its own or app icons suddenly appear somewhere else from where they are normally placed. The phone service is pretty awful in certain locations as well. If you're standing outdoors though it's usually decent enough service. I live in New York City though so for the most part I have decent service but when I go to school in Ithaca, NY., the service becomes almost nonexistent indoors.The good:The plan and price really makes up for the lacking features. I still pay $25 a month for unlimited texting and 300 minutes with data which is really impressive compared to other plans. You can upgrade the storage to store tons of music and I have used this for over two years with absolutely no problems. Also, I've dropped this phone so many times and it has yet to crack or have a scratch on its screen. It looks just like when I first got it, which is really great when you see all those broken iPhone screens. The battery life is outstanding - if I don't use the phone at all, it can last almost three days and if I'm using it to listen to music for hours on end, it can last almost 12 hours. And this is after 2 years use.Overall, great phone if you're on a tight budget.

I order this LG Optimus V on September 19th and right now I got my order on September 21st, it's very fast service and I'm so impressive.

the phone is really good but the batter is sorta retarted. I would recomend that if your going to buy this item then that you should buy some new batteries 2 just in case but other than that this item is good.

I was interested in this phone for a while. and such a great price I couldn't pass up any more. I received the phone actually on my Bday how awesome is that. Bday present to self, oh yeah! it was scheduled for delivery the day after. This is my first android phone, going from lg chocolate to this wow what a different world. Hey times been tight. Depending on my usage. I do have to have my charger with me. ok so I bring phone to work I listen to music, oh and it has Bluetooth so I can listen to radio stations across the U.S. or music on my phone through my radio. Android market is huge, if you don't see it , search it, you will probably find what your looking for. I surf the web, play games, come home it will connect to any wifi, I have it set up to my router at hm. it downloads apps fast. then I charge it at night sometimes. I like how the txt system is set up. It took a little getting use to the Onscreen keyboard, but I adapted quick. If i have a lot to say, click the speak button to talk out a text. yeah buddy. that's all, I guess it depends on what your looking for, Id say this is a great entry level phone into the android world that wont break your bank and if you don't want to get into a contract at this time. Thanks.

(This review written after 10 days of LG Optimus use...)After extensive searches for the best cell phone/provider to suit my needs, I selected Virgin Mobile ($25 plan) and the LG Optimus V.  Phone arrived PRONTO from dealer (shopcelldeals), and cell phone turned on and began working instantly.I had read that the Optimus V was designed for youth, but the phone features lured me in...I was ready to try it out...What the heck.  It took me a while to get used to the the keyboard...but SWYPE!  WOW!  Can't praise that app enough!  My son has an Ipod 4, no SWYPE, and when I showed him this app...he was, well, ENVIOUS...No hunting and pecking needed!  Be sure to use the Swype interactive 'How to' on the Optimus phone.  (o:Calls are CLEAR, both sending and receiving.  Internet is responsive.  Texting a breeze (Yeah, Swype!).  App Store...I just go for 'free' options.  YouTube vids tend to lag.  Don't think this is the best phone for vids.  The wifi works great...but is a battery hog.  Be patient, learn as you go...and this baby will GROW on you!In short....I HIGHLY recommend the LG Optimus V for BABY BOOMERS!  Coupled with the Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk plan (now $35...but still a STEAL!), you've got yourself a dependable phone and internet to go!Pros:  price,delivered on time and in new condition,easy to maneuver,SWYPE!,lots of apps,responsive, phone transmission:  CLEAR VOICE!Baby Boomer friendly!Internet on the go!  (o:Virgin Mobile...Great plan!  No probs!Dependable seller.Camera/video recorder easy to operate, responsive.Virgin Mobile Facebook page: 'like' the page, go to discussions, askquestions, and get support/responses from other Optimus owners as wellas Virgin Mobile techs (Ask questions there BEFORE you buy!)Cons:  Battery life.  Keep a charger at home and in your car.  Turn off anyapp that isn't necessary to save on battery life.  Wifi: only whennecessary.No Skype (no front-facing camera).YouTube vids lag, stop.Difficult to view screen in bright sunlight.Buy accessories on Amazon.  Best Buy/Fry's/Walmart/Target accessories...RIP OFFS!Enjoy your new LG Optimus V!  (o:Sign me...Baby Boomer in Orange County, California

Great basic phone, long battery life and fairly sturdy.Processor is not mighty fast which is good because it helps conserve batterySmall screen size in fact makes it easy to control everything with just the thumb in a firm palm gripalso helps with the battery

It's alright. I lost my phone and was in dire need of replacement. I bought this ASAP because living in this day and age, and a new city, it's a bit treacherous to not have the aid of a "smart phone". It does what it needs to do, but, is a pain.Battery dies quick. I feel I need to be vigilant of it throughout my day. Also, does not have a task manager app as my old phone had. So, that further drains my battery. Regardless of me having to download an "app killer", I still  feel my apps continue to run regardless of if I  back out of my apps properly. It's a huge pet peeve for me, personally.It's fine for now. But, as soon as i'm able, I know i'll replace it at the drop of a hat.

When I complained about the the battery dying after 8hrs, according to VirginMob Customer Care, the standby life of the fully charged battery is 74 hours if you do not use it, but their ad says 6 days standby. If you make a 1-min phone call or use the web once, then the battery will drain in 8 hours. Stay Away from this phone. The battery problem was solved by purchasing a battery booster app, but had more problems with low memory and corportate email "security error." This problem has been unresolved by other android uses since Apr'11.

The VM LG Optimus V is a FANTASTIC phone IF you live in 21st century civilization where Sprint coverage is plentiful - IOW major cities. Outside major cities though Sprint has "partner" agreements with other towers and thus you get dropped to 1x or worse. I however do most of my data use at home where I simply connect to house wifi then outside the house just use talk features.Overall, don't believe the coverage map, you have to test to find out if you'll get Sprint 3G in the areas you spend a lot of time and want the fast data access. Excellent GPS chip is built in which I use for geocaching.The physical phone is decent and speedy. There's phones out there with "faster" processes but this one has a dedicated GPU which balances that out. You will need the app "app2sd" so that you can run apps from the sd card because this phone has such a small amount of memory that it's a real stretch to call it a "smartphone".

I didn't like it cause you can't run to many apps at once and I only had the 3G network for a few weeks till it stop working. I called about the 3G and they claim it temporary but it never work again..I looked at other reviews i  the NY area and other people are having the same problem...

everything is fine works great I recommend.the package arrived the day they told me everything is fine.the lg android work great and have everything.

great phone... exceptional shape.  received it quickly.works great.  so, glad i went this way, saved money, and am happy to take it off the sellers hands.if you are thinking about this phone, I would recommend it.if you are thinking about using Amazon, I would recomment that too.signedhappy, but still riskee

This phone has the serious problem of not enough internal storage. Which means you can only put maybe 4 apps on the phone if that. The apps that come preinstalled on the phone update automatically and have grown in size since the phone first came out in 2011. I recently gave the phone away to someone because i wouldn't sell it to anyone with this serious problem. If you root the phone you can get rid of the preinstalled apps and maybe get by.

I bought this phone because, I had to, my previous phone (LG Rumor 2) completely died after just over a year, and tech support couldn't do anything to save it and my warranty was up.  I was thinking about one day getting the LG Optimus V because I like gadgets (the apps, wanted to watch YouTube on my phone, wanted a videocamera on my phone, etc...)So essentially I had to get the Optimus V.  I had a hard time at first choosing phones but I'm glad I chose this one (it was either this or a Blackberry.  I like the Blackberry because of the physical keyboard like the Rumor had).  So I got it.  AMAZING phone.  It competes well with iPhone.  Activating was a snap (I kept my same number and activated so fast I didn't know it happened haha).  The only problem I had was putting everyone's number in my phone, as I couldn't transfer my contacts from my old phone.  But I could sync my Facebook with my Optimus and if my friends had their phone #s posted on Facebook then I had their numbers.  I also awhile ago wrote down all my contacts numbers so if something happened to my phone I would still have everyone's numbers.  You can sync your gmail to your Optimus, but since my gmail isn't my primary, I don't have everyone's numbers in it.As far as calls/service goes, love it.  I had decent quality calls, no dropped calls on my Rumor 2 and expected the same with my new Optimus seeing as it was still Virgin Mobile.  And for $25 a month for 300 min and unlimited everything else, it's a good deal.My only complaint is since I tend to travel overseas I can't use my phone over there :(  I thought since Virgin is owned by Sprint I could just use the Sprint network over there.  Not so.  So I'll have to find a phone to use for my travels.  Otherwise great phone!!

I have had this phone for a year. I have had no trouble with it. Battery lasts all day, especially in airplane mode. I have no complaints.

Ok so everyone and anyone that wants to pay $25 and get unlimited data/texts(pics) and 300 minutes and with no contract with a touch screen android phone then may I introduce the LG OPTIMUS V. My god is this phone amazing and I am the person that is coming from a iPhone 3gs, yes an iPhone 3gs 16gb white.The difference between these two is that the iPhone 3gs needs a contract and that the LG Optimus V uses free google gps and has swype texting (which makes texting so much faster trust me) and has many more apps like google voice recognition for search and texting unlike the iPhone 3gs.The only difference between these two is that the iphone 3gs screen is slightly bigger and I say slightly but since I've had this phone for more than a week now I can confirm that you hardly notice any difference.Also, unlike many other carriers and phones I've used this phone can get hot-spot (you cnet people need to download the app sheesh) and use the unlimited Virgin Mobile unlimited data plan to use it for your laptop for taking the train or anywhere you are located and are receiving 3g!!!!And for your information I commute every day 25 miles into the heart of chicago from the suburbs and NEVER lose any reception along the way, because ever since SPRINT took over Virgin Mobile, VM's service is phenomenal and always stays true to its word about bringing the best coverage for the cheapest value (and do not get fooled by the word cheap - the phone with this $25 plan will kick any carrier out of the water).I've always HAD Att and iPhone from 2g to 3g and then 3gs but eventually got fed up with paying at least $80 per month and being on a contract that I tried this prepaid plan out and I have loved it ever since.If you are even thinking about getting prepaid let me tell you Virgin Mobile gives you the best bang for your buck, has the best, most polite customer service (called them five times for different things and was assisted in the best way), and uses SPRINT's 3g service and its towers therefore has the BEST coverage especially anywhere in the Chicago land area including Milwaukee and even up to Madison - yes never lost signal once while traveling even that far away.Best part is that you can import your prior number so you don't have to alert everyone on your contact list that you have a new phone AND yes there is even BETTER NEWS the app BUMP can shift all your contacts from either another android phone or iphone to this phone in a matter of seconds so no need to input all those phone numbers.I am truly loving this service and this phone and as a graduate student let me tell you this is TRULY the best thing that's ever happened to me...and to think I actually spent 4 grand over two and half years paying ATT for unreliable service.Even if you are thinking about this go out to your nearest Target or Radio Shack and try it out both give you 30-90 days for return policy and if you don't like it return it for the full refund and for the pre-paid card also.Though you will like it please let everyone know how your experience was so we can let people know what the best product is so other phone companies should compete and give US CONSUMERS better pricing!!!!!!

I needed to swap phones quickly and economically. I found this phone and decided to purchase it due to the awesome pricing. I purchased this product and in 3 days!! I recieved it :D AWESOME!The phone works perfect and the description is accurate!

This is a great phone, it is an android phone.  That means you can watch tv shows and movies and youtube videos on it.  Digitech Toys was awesome at getting it sent to me in a quick fashion.  Phone was NEW and NICE just as described!

I was paying $90 a month for a smartphone plan and a Moto Droid 1. Now I'm paying $25 a month for basically the same thing. Awesome. Now a little about the phone. My droid with a 14 month old battery would do standby with normal use for just over 2 days. This phone with a brand new battery and a full charge won't make it 2 days, if even a full day, with normal use no matter how many apps and functions are killed. It takes a good 2-3 hours to charge. The Droid took about an hour. The camera is mediocre with no flash but I guess it works. There is no notification LED which my Droid had so that is a definite minus. Kinda miss that. The phone functions much smoother than my Droid but chokes playing games. Angry Birds plays but eventually slows down to a crawl. Robo Defense and Solitaire play ok i guess. The call quality is on par with my Droid and possibly better. The built in wifi works better than the Droid. It's slightly smaller than my Droid which is good, but the phone seems a little on the light side and cheap. I was able to put the 16g micro sd card out of my Droid and transfer my phone numbers, music, etc. which was cool. The screen is low res by todays standard but functional. Makes reading web pages more difficult. I like the swype text entry and texting is no more difficult than the Droid. Calling to activate my phone and transfer my cell number was a bad experience. There was definitely a language barrier. The phone says Virgin Mobile so people will possibly make fun of you. All in all, I miss the notification LED, ability to play some games, the larger high res screen, longer lasting battery, and better camera. The phone is basically just good enough that any Android users will probably be able to use the phone and stay happy knowing they are saving big money every month.

I've had this phone for a little over a year now and it is horrid! All of the five star reviews are probably from people who just got it.All of these issues have been happening n he past 3 months. The biggest problem for me is the internal phone storage space which is only 108mb. Constantly my phone will randomly ring and then the icon will show up that "phone storage space is low", and you cant clear that icon!! Then about five minutes after that icon pops up another will show up and say text message memory full. I deleted all of my text messgaes so how is it full? It also cant recieve text messages until i delete something.Now you might be thinking why don't I just delete some apps. Well I cant because half of my apps were preinstalled which means you cant transfer them to the sd card and you cant uninstall them either. Most of my apps are on my sd card that has plenty of space, and there are only around 5 that are no more than 20 mb so what takes up all of the space????????? Virgin mobile gets horrible service where I live, and in my own house it only gets 2 bars!The internet is is sooo slow most of the time even on wifi. It's especialy bad almost to the point where you can't use it on 3g.I have two friends who have an iphone and half of the time when they text me it shows up blank. I really don't know why this happens, but it happens a lot! Another problem is the lagging. Wheever I try to use facebook the screen will go black and I'll have to exit it and enter again like three times for it to work. Another major problem is the freezing. I am constantly taking out the battery and putting it back in to restart my phone because the power button won't work when its frozen. Sometimes when Im texting people somewhat quickly the keyboard will glitch and then freeze making me shut off the phone and restart it. It does this so often that I can't stand it anymore!I forgot to mention this but another thing about virgin mobile is my phone constantly goes into 1x service which is basically pointless because you cant do anything.I also enjoy uploading youtube videos to my account, but it is quite difficult when the video is longer than a minute. For a video about 3 minutes to upload on wifi it takes around and hour and it takes a ton of internal phone space too. Alos, my friend and I were both downloading this game at the same location and I started downloading mine 2 minutes before her and her phone finished ahead of mine. It's just really hard for me because I always have to use a friends phone to call home even in the the school that I go to, and half of the places I go. Plus, it will randomly restart itself for no reason.The sound quality is very bad. I will put my phone on full volume and I still cant hear my ringtone. My parents used to get mad at me and ask me why I didn't text them back, but honestly I didnt hear it. Same goes for calling.This phone is so horrible just save your money and wait for a better cheap phone to come out!

I ordered this phone as a gift for my husband, he was very excited and right out of the box and activation the 3G worked great however it stopped working after a few hours and nothing we do will make it work again. We have spent hours on the boards and with Virgin trying to fix it to no avail. What we did learn is this is very common to this phone :(

I was so happy when I first received this phone.  Than started noticing that it freezes up a lot. If I didn't already have this model I would have wondered if it was the brand. And on top of it my GPS Navigation app doesn't work!!  I lived on this app. My daughter who also has the same phone ; works when mine doesn't.  My Navigation just keeps saying searching for gps.  This can't be a new phone.  I didn't even realize the back cover wasn't the same as my old phone that says LG on it and GOOGLE. So beware buyers.  I'll purchase next time from store cause this only had a thirty day guarantee.

It turned out I didn't need the phone and I got all my money back besides shipping which is perfect. This seller went beyond what was required to help me out. I was worried about ordering expensive electronics through the mail then getting robbed but I will definitely buy through this seller again.

Love this phone...I've had it a lil over a month & I am very pleased...Last year I had an I-phone and hated it...But this phone..I like the features,the apps,the way the menu's are set up...I'm no phone geek so I don't know about a lot of tech features,but I would recommend it..The only downside I have with this phone is the battery life...Sometimes I have to charge it twice a day.

I love the capability of the phone and of course the android market but the battery life is bad and it freezes up A LOT! Other than that it's okay. Seller was wonderful.

My daughter wanted to leave ATT for unlimited texting and internet for school.  There have been no complaints with this item

I bought this phone without looking into it first. Very dissapointed. The storage capabilities of the phone are very terrible. Even with an 8gb SD card, it still said it had no room. It's bad I can only put a couple of apps on it. After about a year, it starts locking up continuiously. I have to reset it up to 5 times a day because of it locking up. The battery life is also terrible Don't buy this phone.

Do not buy this cellphone. Very poor performance, extremely low memory and Virgin Mobile, very unreliable. Will be exchanging it soon

exceeded my expectations. all the features of an Android phone for only 50 dollars. couldn't ask for a better phone deal.

This phone has serious issues.  The battery needs to be charged every night, and sometimes doesn't even make it to the end of day.  It also loses network connection several times a day and needs to be rebooted.  Virgin is rejecting any negative review of this phone on their website and artificially keeping it's rating high.

I purchased this for my husband, and he loves it. I'm thinking about purchasing one for myself. The service was fast and just as promised.  Thanks again.

My son bought this phone from a retail store and after seeing all the bells and whistles - I decided to buy one myself.This phone is loaded with incredible features that'll blow you away!My only concern that I have is the radiation levels that are emitting from this device.I never had this problem with Apple products.The radiation exposure is overwhelming, as my left hand is constantly numb.I scanned the phone with an EMF reading above 20+ MG [dangerously high].I wonder if this phone will be recalled soon, because the radiation allowedfor a mobile phone in the USA is 1.6 SAR, where I believe this phone is topping well above 2.0PRO:Low-cost phone plan, 27.99 - 300 minutes, unlimited text and dataPre-installed softwareAndroid marketCON:  High radiation leakage, 3G, CDMA (locked) to VirginMobile, BatteryI recommend that you download these software apps to optimize your phone--allowing it to run smoothly:NetQin Mobile Security -- Realtime protection, Scans software as it is being downloaded.Android Assistant -- Frees up memory, kills processes, and has abundant of misc tools.JuiceDefender -- Saves the life of the battery

This phone works great and has all the necessary bells and whistles. If you are trying to "out do the Jones" then you'll want more! But as a phone that I use briefly for communications (not lengthy chatter), texting, playing games when stuck waiting, and googling stuff, it is perfect.

I got a late-production (spring 2012) Optimus V. You might have read that they changed the software and took out the tethering option. You can still tether this phone using a program called Foxfi. Virgin blocks the download of Foxfi from the Google Play store. You can download Foxfi from the developer website. With Foxfi, wifi tethering is possible without rooting your phone.  Now that we've established that you CAN tether, the question is SHOULD you tether.  Virgin will tell you that tethering violates their TOS. Personally, I think what I do with data within my data allotment is none of Virgin's GD business.  That being said, I rarely use the tethering. First, Virgin's 3g network is nothing to write home about, and there seems to be some performance hit between the incoming speed and the tethered speed. The first time I used Foxfi, it delivered 40kb/min -- in other words, slower than dial-up. In subsequent testes, it did better, but rarely over a couple hundred kb/sec.  That's fast enough to check your email, but not so fast that you won't seek out a wifi when you can.I usually use my Optimus V for streaming Pandora and XM-Radio.  It works well for this; however I miss having dedicated control buttons like I had on my XMP3 portabble radio.  In general, it's a good low-priced basic smart phone.  One quibble - it "butt-dials" too often. There's probably a way to prevent this, but I haven't found it yet.

Now that I've owned this phone for a little over a year now, I feel I can properly review it.I was one of the few people I knew who didn't own an I-phone or a Droid and I was starting to feel like the odd-man out, listening to people talking about what apps they downloaded, how they are able to listen to music on their phone, blah, blah, blah.Well, being a man on a fixed income :), I wasn't about to invest in an expensive I-phone or sign up for some 2-year contract with outrageous monthly fees.  I did some research and found Virgin Mobile.  First of all, I couldn't believe I could get 300 minutes with unlimited web and texting for $25!  After getting over the initial shock of that, I couldn't believe that I was actually going to get an Android phone for a little over $100 that was going to  greatly improve my life and finally make me "hip".I must say, after a year, the phone has held up very well.  there are still lots of apps on it that I have never used.  I got it mostly for texting but I have found some of the apps on the phone very useful.  Downloading music is also quite easy.Problems I've had is with Virgin Mobile service.  There was one particular time I didn't have service for like 3 days.  I was constantly in contact with the folks at Virgin Mobile and they were working really hard to fix the problem, which was finally resolved in 3 days.  Also, I noticed that sometimes it takes a really long time to download certain apps onto the phone.  And over the past couple of months, I notice the spacebar on the keyboard is becoming a little difficult to use.  Also, when I'm in the gym and trying to listen to music on the phone, it shuts off and resets itself every few minutes.  It doesn't do this when I'm just doing a normal walk.  But, whenever I use any kind of machine in the gym (treadmill, eliptical), the phone constantly shuts down and resets itself, which is really annoying.Other than that, I feel that I have gotten a lot of value out of this phone.  For the price of the phone and the service, you simply cannot beat it.  For those of you who are new to Droids and are not looking to pay thru the nose every month for your phone bill, Virgin Mobile and their Droid phones are the only way to go!!!

phone works great shipped fast packaging was good enough to get the job done good instructions if you actually need them phone's are pretty straight forward.

The LG Optimus is a little gem! I was seriously considering buying the iPhone, but after getting quotes for $80-90 a month for unlimited data, texting, and a decent amount of minutes, I looked at Virgin Mobile's plans and phones. You truly cannot beat $35 a month for unlimited texting, data, and 300 minutes. Anyways, this phone is amazing to say the least. The internet is super fast, it's easy to text (Swype is a miracle!), there are tons of apps, good size screen, durable, and the touch screen is just perfect.The only problem is that the battery does not last too long; however, if you do not stream Pandora and have tons of e-mails coming in, I'm sure it will last a lot longer.All in all, the LG Optimus is totally worth every penny! Take this phone into consideration when you make your next phone purchase!

Buy this phone and get the $25 dollar a month service that includes unlimited text and data.  I installed the unlocked version of Skype (ver. 1.0.0538) with unlimited US calling for $2.99/month.  Also install Quick Settings for easy control of the phone and an awesome wifi Hotspot (superfast connection allows you to even watch movies on your laptop).  You'll love using Pandora on it and the Google Maps with GPS is pretty super easy to use.  Big bonus is the voice feature through Google that allow you to do things as varied as voice searching to verbally entering text messages, emails or even making commands to call, email and text.  Buy this phone.  Make sure you buy a car charger too because all that fun comes at a price.  Buy it! Google Android is awesome.FYI: You might discover issues with the memory with time.  Delete your apps data caches. NY Times app was 10 megs.

I purchased the Optimus V because I wanted a prepaid phone with no contract.  You get all the  bells and whistles as the high end Android phones for a lot less.  I loved the features, but unfortunately, I had to switch back to my Straight Talk prepaid cheapo phone because the Optimus V has too many dropped calls.  The Facebook, email and APP features are fantastic.

really nice phone can not beat it for the cheap price I paid for it.  Love the fact that I could download and use the apps  with my Wi-Fi . even before I activated it

Before I go further, the biggest drawback of this phone is battery life. It is difficult to get through a light-use day on a charge. It should have never been released with its battery issues. I'll never buy another LG product considering how little weight they give to usability.If you can put up with mid-day charging, it is a decent value. The voice search works great. It's easy to use. The touch screen is responsive. The dialer app works great. The OS is responsive and will multitask and switch apps with ease.The browser is usable but the screen is pretty tiny. It works in a pinch but you shouldn't buy it if you are a heavy web user.Text entry isn't great. It's much better in landscape mode, but still no where nearly as accurate as iPhone. If you are a heavy texter or emailer I'd suggest that you consider a virgin blackberry instead.The email app lacks sorting and searching ability. Because of this, it is a pretty terrible business phone. I'm kind of shocked that anyone would buy a business phone running android OS because of the weak email app.Simple games work fine. I play solitaire on it from time to time. Don't expect angry birds or other animated games to work well. It will not replace a pocket game system.It falls short in too many ways. I like Virgin and think they deliver a lot for what they charge, but I wish I would have bought a Blackberry instead. Blackberry is the only Virgin phone with a proven track record for good hardware and software. LG needs to get out of the phone business, they are pretty bad at it.

The phone is a good entry-level smart phone and at the time that I purchased it, about 6 months ago, I was really happy to  be able to afford a smart phone. But after a couple of months the sound stopped working and I couldn't set an alarm or hear a ringer. I am only able to be notified on a call by the vibration.

I have had the LG Optimus V for over six months now.  This is a very good low cost phone.  After paying $100 a month for the Evo, I had to save some money.  I bought the V the first week it came out.  I like $46.50 (tax included) for 1200 mins and unlimited text and data.  The 3G is great! I have the Body Glove case on it.  It has stood up to some good punishment. You are not going to play any high end games on it.  But if you want to email, text, call, watch videos and play a few games, this is a great phone.  I am a power user and use it hard.  I can get four hours out of the battery, before I have to plug it in.  I play six podcast shows (eight hours) a day.  I highly recommend the V.  Great job Virgin Mobile!

I absolutely love this phone, it was brand new in the packaging, but cheaper then anywhere else it was being sold!

This seemed like a good deal, and in fact, it worked great for about 5 months. Now I have multiple problems with it and since there is only a 30-day window to return cell phones, I am stuck with it, which means more money for a new phone. My advice is spend a few extra bucks and get a decent phone.

I'm shocked at how many good reviews this phone is getting. Did I get a lemon or something?Given, I went to this from an iPhone, but it shouldn't be so different.To say this phone's battery life is abysmal is an understatement. Don't even think about trying to use a live background or it will be dead within a few hours. One of the first nights I had this phone it was 80-85% charged, I turned on the live background and by morning the phone was nearly completely dead. Just recently I noticed that I couldn't charge the phone anymore on any charger. Just wouldn't recognize it. I had to hard reboot the phone to get it to charge at all. I've only had it for a couple months, but having to physically remove the battery to get it to unfreeze has become fairly common.It frequently locks up when trying to do anything, even just unlocking the phone to use it sometimes takes 15-20 seconds for it to respond. Apps (especially Facebook) frequently crash or freeze, and it takes forever to update the news feed (sometimes it doesn't update at all.) When I have to reboot my phone just to see Facebook updates, something is wrong. Data in general is extremely slow on this phone. Also to use wifi, even at home, I have to go into the settings and select which network I want to connect to every time I unlock the phone. Absolutely ridiculous.I actually had to keep my old iPhone around because I can basically only use this LG as a phone and navigation. Navigation is one thing I'm impressed with, but it too frequently locks up and won't update where I am.It's always giving me "memory low" warnings, even without downloading new apps. There's no way to automatically save to the SD card, so the crappy internal memory is constantly getting filled up, forcing me to manually close apps and delete old data and text messages.I'm honestly flabbergasted that so many people like this phone, I swear they're all coming from a 15 year old Nokia. This thing should not qualify as a smartphone. I recently lost this phone and honestly, I was relieved I could finally get rid of the damn thing. But of course, it was found the next day, and here I am, frustrated as usual having to use this piece of crap.

My LG Optimus V was run over by a city bus a few months after I got it from Virgin Mobile. Seriously --- I don't mean I dropped it and the bus went over it. I totally mean that as I watched, the wheels of the bus went THUMP THUMP directly over the phone. When it happened, I was certain the phone would be road kill.I did have it in a little case, and had just purchased a stylus which was also in the case. The zipper on the case broke, but the only damage to the phone was where the stylus bent the back of the phone slightly. There is a slight hazing on the screen in approximately the same location, but it's barely noticeable.I had to replace the battery, the SD card and the earphones, so I upgraded the SD card to 16 GB--- but it's like a year and a half later now, and the phone still work quite well.It does run on Froyo, which is quite an old Android OS at this point. It also has very little internal memory, and comes with a lot of apps I don't and won't ever use at all. So, I download apps from Google play onto the phone to test them, then if I like them a lot, I swap them over to a tablet.I like the VM plan a lot as well.

This phone is great for the price w/ no contract.  I've ROMd this phone w/ CM7 and it's very fast.  The only thing I am not overjoyed about is the lack of Flash Player support, more for the reasoning.  LG says the phone's CPU isn't fast enough...let me make that decision, especially since I've overclocked the CPU to 748 from 600.  That's my only qualm.

it seems that this phone has a dilemma with its touch ability and performance.i have had to replace this phone two times because the touch screen does not always work. is there a problem with this particular unit? and the sound keeps changing.i like its apparent capability, but does not live up to the reality. i feel that i am owed an explanation or reimbursement of why this phone is not one you can count on.

The Droid was the first smart phone I ever purchased, and it will also be the last.I thought it was pretty nifty right out of the box. The touch screen worked nicely, and I was amazed by how many exciting new features the phone was packed with. It certainly seemed to put my ancient Samsung model to shame. It was only over the next few weeks that I became aware of a dubious and disastrous flaw.My phone would constantly scream "Droid!" in this really loud and autistic robot voice. The voice seemed to be triggered whenever I received a call, text, error message, and many times for no apparent reason whatsoever. This soon went far beyond being mildly annoying, as it frequently woke me up in the middle of the night. It also made me a laughing stock at work. The cubicles in my office would erupt with the sounds of mocking laughter and shouts of "Dwoid!" every time my phone went off. Every day someone would call me "Droid Guy", yell "Droid!" whenever they saw me walking down an empty hallway, or pour Tabasco sauce down my pants. All because I cheaped out instead of just shelling out a few extra bucks for a Samsung Galaxy or iPhone. I was unable to disable the voice alerts no matter how hard I tried. Even putting the phone on silent didn't stop it completely. My son's wedding ceremony was completely ruined when my Droid glitched, causing it to utter "Droid" literally every other second. Attempts to turn the phone off at this point only caused the repetitions to increase in speed and volume. I was crammed in the middle of an extremely crowded church pew, and it took me several minutes to remove myself from the ceremony. My family wouldn't speak to me for weeks.I've finally decided to return my Droid. Though the damage this phone has done to my social status and sanity won't be so easily shed. Whatever you do, please do not buy this phone! The money saved is not worth the misery and contempt.

I have had 2 previous prepaid plans and cell phones that looked like walkie talkies. From that to the Smart phone has blown me away. I did a lot of research before I settled with Virgin Mobile I couldn't find anything like it. I get UNLIMITED text, IM, Web, Email. I get 300 minutes all for $25 a month, no contract, no start up and if I happen to go over I have top up cash that covers me and also pays for any Android apps I may want. I have wanted an Android since the first commercial I saw for it. Could never justify it being disabled and having a low income.Have come to a point I was falling and am falling and cannot get up,I know LOL the commercial. It was a choice of lifeline or a cell phone small enough to have in a pocket or when no pockets in a quilted small cover with a ribbon around my neck. With this I can be outside or anywhere and be able to call for help. All that aside the phone is nothing short of fantastic. I love to text and the voice to text is awesome.The android market is endless. So much of it is FREE! Yes free....the downside is most have adds with them, if you find one you really like but don't want the adds there is usually a paid version for 1 or 2 dollars with no adds. So try before you buy. Don't forget to get virus protection. I got AVG mobile as I have used it for years on my computers. It is free and no adds.Typing on the screen takes a bit of getting used to but in just a few days I have come a long way. The camera is 3.2 MP that was what my first digital camera was it takes great pictures, I have not shot a movie yet but I am sure I will in time.If you are limited on funds but want a great phone this is the way to go. I simply love it.

Love this phone! Got a great deal on a great phone. This is my first smartphone-and I cannot believe everything it can do. I have had it for almost a month, and I haven't even discovered half of what it can do. Price was great, shipping was fast, and phone works well. Thank you!

Ok... I'll give you the Pros and Cons.Pros-Great phone. Crystal clear voice sounds. Excellent features. Easy to use.Cons-Battery does not last long. You can download the apps but most of them don't always work well on the Droid.I chose this phone because I was tired of paying for all these fees from Verizon. So I switched to Virgin Mobile. I chose the $60.00 plan a month with everything unlimited. So far so good. No dropped calls no problems with Customer Service and overall I'm pretty happy with the phone and service.Why the 4 stars??? I don't like the fact that the apps that I download don't always work.Other than that, I'm pretty happy with the phone and with Virgin Mobile.

I am in my final 30 days of a two year contract with Sprint using the HTC Hero android powered phone. I have no complaints about Sprint and it actually works better than AT&T; in our home. Looking for a "better way", I came across the Virgin Mobile Optimus LG prepaid for $120. Then I read "ajpd's" review about WIFI only and got even more interestedFirst-the phone. This is actually better than my existing Hero. It is faster and more responsive (expected as the Hero is two years old). However if has some improved features. The desk clock is better, it has a great News and Weather app based on Google (accessed by tapping on the weather). A dynamite version of Speed Dial that uses a picture on your home screen and easier to use buttons. And, of course, free GPS that makes Garmin, Tom-Tom and Apple weep.Second-using WiFi (or VOIP). During my final 30 days, I decided to try using the phone without activating it. I am a long time user of Google Voice. I have one number that rings my cell (on Sprint), my wife's cell (iPhone on AT&T;) and my computer (Google chat). That system works far better than you can imagine. As long as both I and my wife keep our contacts current, caller ID lets us know who should answer the phone over 95% of the time. Besides, the spam filter on Google Voice is worth it alone. I bought Groove IP ($4.99 on Android Market). I did not buy Sipdroid or use PBXes. I set Grove IP up for WiFi only. If you read the instructions, it says to disable the cell phone on Google Voice. Not necessary. Since, call 1, my Optimus rings along with both cell's and my computer. A couple minor adjustments on echo cancellation and I am home free. Very impressive.Now I have three choices. Activate my phone and pay the $35.00/ month-far less than the $69.00/mo. on Sprint. As most minutes will be over WiFi, get the cheapest option. (2)not activate the phone-but lose navigation and emergency use. Or (3) I could buy another phone, activate it, cancel the iPhone and leave it in the car for my wife and leave the unactivated one at home.My summary: buy this phone, and Groove IP and start saving money!!

This was my first smart phone and I did not understand how it worked. I am glad I only spent $38 for the phone. The internal memory is so little that I could not use any apps. Then last month or so I could not plug in the charger all the way and I had to wiggle it just to get the phone to charge. Well all the wiggling broke it and now I can no longer charge it. I Bought a new phone and this time I did some research on a phone that has better memory and better reviews. I just hope this new one last more than a year or so.

The GOOD:I like the speech-to-text feature. You hit the microphone button and speak your message, it converts it to text & usually does a good job of it. You can use this in most programs and the texting app.LOTS of apps to choose from. Download the Amazon appstore and download a free app a day that you would usually pay for. I've gotten a lot of high-quality apps for free through this.Overall I like the android OS, the notification system is really nice, just pull down the menu from anywhere and see any missed calls, texts, etc.Full integration of apps into the Android OS. Really makes life easier when trying to use apps. For example, you can use an app such as Groove IP to make free calls over the internet connection and not use your minutes. If you are on the cheapest plan, this helps conserve those 300 minutes! You can set it up so the system asks if you want to make a call through the traditional dialer or thru the Groove app, it makes life a lot more convenient.The BAD:Smaller screen makes it hard to type. I tried my sister's Motorola Atrix & it was much easier to type with the bigger buttons, but you can use SWYPE on this and get your messages written.I would worry about dropping & breaking it, it's fairly compact but also seems a bit flimsy, so I bought the body glove case for it which include a nice kickstand on it.Not a lot of internal storage for apps, download a program like SuperBox, which tells you when you have an app that can be transferred to the SD card and this will help save some space. As long as you don't download a ton of apps you should have enough space for your important apps. If you fill up the internal memory texts stop coming through and the system gets sluggish, so that's when you should delete some of the extra games or whatever that might have accumulated.OVERALL: You can't beat the price of the monthly plan on Virgin Mobile. I have mine on the $25/month plan, I think it's now $35/month, but that's still a great deal for UNLIMITED texting/data, which is what I mainly use. Now that the price of this phone is near the $100 mark I highly recommend it, unless you need really high-end features that the Motorola Triumph will have the Optimus V should work just fine.

Bought the phone for my girlfriend when her old phone broke. She loves the new one. I would recomend getting it as a starter android because the phone is cheap in price and easy to use.

I really like this phone. There are just two annoying things about it. After about a year it runs out of room so I am constantly clearing catches and data from apps I use to keep it running. The phone comes loaded with apps I have never used and would love to get rid of to make more space available but it is set up so I cannot remove those apps. These two annoying things are why my next phone most likely will not be an LG.

This is my first Smartphone.  Based on the Virgin plan of $25 per month, I wanted to try a "Droid."  This phone got some better reviews (except about battery life) than the others that Virgin was offering at the time, so I gave it a whirl.  GREAT DECISION!It came well packaged, and set up was easy.  Transferring my old Virgin number to this phone, and picking my  $25 plan was a breeze.  Me, being a rookie in the Smartphone world, could not make it do anything after it powered on.  The Virgin CUSTOMERNOSERVICE Rep could not tell me what to do when I saw the green padlock symbol and the silver-grey volume button on my screen.  He kept telling me I was seeing other stuff; I definitely was not.  I kept pushing those buttons as hard as I could - they were useless.  Then, merely by chance, I slid my finger on one of them and it moved!  Who'd a thought?  Duh!I messed around with it long enough to know I didn't know what I was doing and ended up in an Android forum just for this phone: [...] Lots of good info on some apps to install, some apps to delete, some apps to avoid - the forum, and what people have done with the Optimus got me loving this phone instantly.  If you're as new to Smartphones as I was, check it out.Since I use Gmail, getting my email on here was easy.  My contacts appeared instantly, as did my calendar.  Love that syncability.Haven't had any dropped calls in my first two months - clarity has been fine.  It is a little hard to see the phone's screen to make calls in the bright sunlight.For the Internet, I use the 3G when I am away from phone, WIFI when I am at home - It all works well for me.  I downloaded a bunch of apps from the Android Market app store, and also some from the Amazon Android app store.I'm not a texting person - if I were, I know I would consider a phone with a dedicated keyboard.  I see other folks, more skilled than I, using these phones one-handed, so it works okay, I guess.The Camera works simply, both as still photos and videos.  Using Dropbox to transfer files to and from my computers is a snap.  Plugging in the USB cord to my Mac computer allows me to transfer Podcasts and Audible books that I used to use on my MP3 player.  When I traveled out of town, I used the Navigation app and the Maps app to replace my old Garmin auto navigation device.  So the Optimus allows me to travel with two less pieces of electronics, and assorted cables, adaptors, etc.I charge the battery nightly; I also have a charger for the car, which works as well.  I don't think if I used the phone constantly all day that I could get through it without a charge someway or other.Thus far, Android works well - and the phone, with all my contacts, is so easy even a Senior Citizen (me) can use it!  Highly Recommended!

Still using this phone a couple years after I bought it. no need to replace it until i break it.

Have been using this phone for almost a month and i really like it,it is very responsive,the internet is fast,signal strength is usually really strong,includes wi-fi connectivity that was really easy to set up after I configured my router correctly,android operating system allows for a multitude of useful apps. battery life as mentioned is not great but i have read that most smart phones use lots of power. Camera and video are acceptable but for the price i think it's not an issue,includes a 2gig micro SD card but i would recommend a larger capacity card to store videos and music. Also includes the usb charger that can double as a data transfer cable from your pc to your phone/SD card. Plays music files and sounds really great depending on the app used, I use winamp music player. I have loaded some games and at times they seem to slow down but i am not a big game player,i prefer to use my phone for business and web browsing,by the way the built in GPS is also a great tool,so many apps that take advantage of the GPS system that this feature has become indispensable for me, especially when trying to avoid traffic jams. You can upload videos directly to you-tube and I have used this feature and it worked seamlessly,provided you have a account already established with you-tube. Make sure you get a screen protector and a good protective case including a car charger,you will need it when traveling. I am still in the process of discovering all the useful features and apps that make this phone a great value including finding an app that will help preserve my battery power. In conclusion  this is a great smart phone with the features and tools that I need,I am not an expert, but for the money that I payed for this phone I feel I got my money's worth,i hope you do too.

Dumped T-mobile after nearly a decade of shoddy service and way too big bills. I can now make make/receive and keep calls from anywhere in my home rather than the 5' by 5' area I was confined to by T-mobile. $100 for phone and approx $50 for no-contract service as opposed to triple that for my crappy bbery and $100 useless T-mobile monthly service. Wish I had done it sooner.

I bought 2 of these.  One for myself and one for my husband.  We absolutely LOVE them!!  They are our first smart phones and we can't put them down!  Our children took control of both our laptop and IPad so now when they are playing, we can still get online!  LOL  I would recommend this phone to everyone!  And Virgin Mobile's pay as you go plan is just right for us!  $35 a month gets you 300 phone mins and unlimited text and data.  We don't make many phone calls so this plan is just perfect!

The phone got here in great conditions and very fast. I love it very much I am surprised by its capacity everyday.

The handset is outstanding, considering that the CPU is not too fast and the screen not as large as today's new phones. It has no delectable lag, and has most all the features you have with iPhones and comparable phones. You will likely be very pleased with this Optimus.But with the Virgin Mobile low-priced plans, starting at $25 mo for everything, you are not getting something for nothing. VM is de-branded Sprint, but there is no roaming to towers owned by other companies - You either have a Sprint connection or no connection. And the 3g data response is often abysmal when you type in unknown sites. To put it simply, if you're going to a pay less than a third of what you pay monthly to others, you are at the back of the line in terms of network performance.And they just recently shut off Conditional Call Forwarding, so you cannot set it up to use Google Voice anymore.They want users of this phone to get frustrated with limitations like these and opt to move up into full Sprint service.But if you can deal with all that, with not being at the top of the feeding trough, you will be happy with this phone. I don't plan on changing mine anytime soon.

I got this phone while it was still on the $25/month rate (and still is, thanks, Virgin Mobile!). For unlimited data and more talk time than I'll ever use, it's a fantastic deal. Even at the current $35/month, you can't beat it, particularly since it's contract-free. The phone itself is OK. The cellphone part is good--conversations are clear, the speakerphone is loud enough. It's a good phone. The camera is pretty OK, good enough most of the time that I rarely wish I had my "real" camera with me. The real downside of this package is the smartphone part. Android 2.2 is pretty terrible on this phone. Laggy, fussy, clunky, crash-prone--it drives me crazy. It ignores more taps and swipes than it responds to, and then it often is lagging enough that it responds in the wrong way. The on-phone storage is tiny, so any apps that can't be installed on the storage card (and there are a lot of them) will use up that minuscule on-phone space. I have fewer than 50 apps--all under 10 MB each--installed, and have all of the ones installed on the storage card that can be, but I can't install any more apps because the on-board storage is completely full. Battery life is abysmal without running battery manager apps--and I don't like having to babysit my phone like that. (The "Auto Airplane" app is a godsend for this phone, though it trades functionality for good battery life. It turns off all the radios when you turn off the screen. The battery lasts for days as a result, but all the auto-notify and GPS features are turned off.) Also, this particular combination of phone and Android DOES NOT RUN FLASH. You need to install a third-party web browser that preprocesses Flash on a server, just like on an iPhone. I've become way too familiar with the "Manage Apps" screen and way too adept at pulling the battery out to "fix" yet another Android glitch. I tend to stick to a few relatively stable apps (Dolphin web browser, K9 email, Winamp) that aren't painfully laggy, counter-intuitive, or crash-prone. Which basically means that I use it like a featurephone instead of a smartphone. Overall, I think it's still a pretty good deal, even if Android isn't all it's reputed to be. Lesson learned.Virgin Mobile, if you read this, please bring out a real iPhone with this same prepaid deal. I'll buy it in a heartbeat.

I've had my LG Optimus phone for over a month now, and I gotta say I really am happy with it. I did end up having to call support during setup as I was trying to do it online and realized I had hit the wrong button and didn't have it transferring my number as I thought I would.  Calling their support wasn't as painful as I thought it would be, and they were able to reset it for me and get me all signed up.  They said it could take several hours for the number to be transferred, but it was probably done in about 20 minutes or so.I like the swype feature of the phone.  It does take some getting used to, but once you get used to it, it's a breeze to text, etc.  I used to have a really hard time hearing callers from my old LG Vu phone.  The Optimus doesn't have that problem at all.  The camera is alright.  I've taken a few photos and sometimes they come out blurry.I did have trouble getting it to go online, but found out if you turn it off and then back on, chances are it will reconnect.  What I do seem to have troubles with is the wifi, at least from home.  It seems like it connects, but may disconnect itself and I'm not sure why it does that.Battery life is ok.  I do notice this wears down faster than my old phone.  But I tend to put my phone on the charger every night anyway so it's usually always charged and at the end of the day there is still life left on it.Overall I'm really happy with this phone and its features.  I didn't have a texting plan before, so it's awesome to be able to text away and not have to worry about the charges!!!  And being able to access the internet when I need to is great.

This is my first Android phone, and I just got it a few days ago, so take my review with a grain of salt. So far I am very happy with it.PROS3G and Wifi - My previous phone was a Kyocera Loft. That was fine for doing things like occasionally checking E-Mail and Facebook, but it was through a painfully slow connection. The Optimus is a HUGE improvement over that. The 3G is great, and when it uses wifi the connection is instantaneous. I can now use things like Pandora and Youtube, which were impossible on my old phone.Android 2.2 - Like I said, I don't have much of a frame of reference since this is my first Android phone, but Android 2.2 seems fairly intuitive and easy to navigate.Swype text entry - This makes typing on the phone go so much faster. You just slide your finger from letter to letter on the touch screen, and it automatically figures out what you were typing. It works great!Price - This phone might be priced as an "entry level" Android phone, but I have two friends who are also on Virgin Mobile and they both had this phone as their first Android phone. One of them upgraded to the Motorola Triumph and one upgraded to the HTC Wildfire. They both said they miss the Optimus, and that they got fooled into thinking that a more expensive phone would be better. They also both have plans to go back to the Optimus. I should note here that I bought mine at Radio Shack for about $30 more than the Amazon price. I had thought that Virgin fixed the price of their phones so that they cost the same wherever you buy them, but I guess I was wrong about that. It was still a good deal at $30 more.CONSBattery Life - I have really been putting this phone through its paces, streaming videos and music, playing games, etc., and so far I have to charge it every day. At my level of usage, I am thinking it might be beneficial to upgrade to the extended life battery.Apps stuck in phone memory - If it were up to me, I would move everything to the SD card, but I can't. There are lots of apps that are stuck in the phone memory, including some that I downloaded! I don't know how much memory the phone started with, but it is down to 78MB and I am concerned that I am going to fill it up. At that point, I guess I will just have to delete some of my apps. It would be nice if the downloader automatically gave an option of where to install an app, and even nicer if the app management tool allowed all apps to be moved to the SD card.Button backlight timer not configurable - This is not a huge deal, but the timer for the button backlights is set at around five seconds and there is no option to configure that time. It's not a huge deal until you are using the phone in the dark and then you have to feel around for the buttons.Lock-up - This might be related to an app and not the phone, but when I am using the streaming app for my favorite sports talk station the phone will lock up if the 3G signal drops off. The only way to recover from that seems to be to remove the battery and re-boot the phone.If Amazon would allow half stars, I would give this phone 4.5 stars for almost perfect. I am very happy with it, and the cons are easy to live with.

It used to reboot a lot more than it does now, usually when navigating.  Response times are often very slow.  There is so little room to put any apps on.  Android 2.2, not upgradable.  If you just want to get your feet wet with your first smartphone, maybe it would make sense, but probably not.  Unless you can get it for virtually free.  I just ordered a Nexus 4 from 1E100, so that will be a huge step up.Spend a little more (or a lot more), and get something that is better.

The phone is okay but please beaware the phone doesnt have a sim card slot! I made the same mistake

Got here a day earlier then expected, very good product and very good dealer. (shopcelldeals)This is a great entry level smartphone, exactly what I needed.

Not bad for a pre-paid phone. Great apps, 3G speed is great too. My only problems...my big fingers have a hard time texting accurately and navigating through all the different windows and apps takes a while to get used too. But I would say that about almost any phone++++had the phone about 6 months now and I learned early on that you can change keyboards to the DROID keyboard and the buttons become larger. Phone still works pretty well but once in a while it freezes up and I have to take the battery out to restart it.I still give it 4 stars because of the freeze ups but all in all it's a pretty good phone. This not so tech savvy 40 something enjoys the apps and conveninece

didnt love it, it got super hot when i wasn't doing anything with it, i mean it doesn't suck, but i returned it the apps and features are not bad tho

Very nice phone for the price, and the plans are even better!  I also really like how my iphone ear-buds work with this phone out of the box (volume isn't mapped but the center button is, and the mic works same as with the iphone!!).

Please do not spend $280 on a phone that is manufactured for less than $100. The supply shortage will soon be corrected, and until then don't fall for price gouging like this. I think it is about time that Amazon stepped up to the plate, and stopped these kind of practices. I am all for free market, but I mean come on! I picked up my phone about two weeks about for $130 at a major retail chain store.As for the phone, there are a number of issues with it. The first being that it is Virgin Mobile. They have horrible tech support. I don't mean Verizon or ATT bad. No, I mean this takes it to a whole new level. The overall coverage is hit or miss. It does run off the Sprint network, which is not great to begin with, but it seems that we might not exactly be a priority customer. Again, what do you expect for $25?Beyond the service, you are looking at a very average phone that is extremely underpowered. This is an ARM6, not an ARM7 processor. You are going to have a lot of trouble running the latest software. I would not expect to be able to run Flash or Firefox at all. Most developers today are writing software to the ARM7 reference platform, and therefore you are going to be left in the cold.I won't go into how the screen and tactile feel of the phone are cheap. This again is a side effect of the phone being so inexpensive.I would seriously reconsider buying this product. It is simply not worth the money. I am not even sure if I would have bought it again at $130. The ARM6 limitation basically makes it a piece of junk.

I've been having so many problems with this phone... I'm actually paying insurance on it and the insurance company that I have has told me that the problems that the phone is having cannot be dealt with through insurance... They say where ever it is I bought it, that's where I have to return it... This phone shuts off randomly on me.. the screen goes black on me out of the nowhere... I can't turn it off or turn it on because it doesn't function... I HATE this phone... It was so expensive and it is causing me so many problems. ):

I don't think most of the people using this phone know how smartphones work. This phone is just as good as newer models, you just have to use your brain. This being an older phone (almost 2 years since it was released) it obviously has an older version of android in it. Instead of complaining about not being able to download certain apps, the simple solution would be to download them from a free website such as androiddrawer.com which keeps older versions of apps up for free so that people with older phones can still download the apps that they love.  The second thing is to remember these are phones, not gaming systems. If you buy a phone just to play angry birds on it, then spend the extra cash and get a nice iPad. Even with the tiny 2gb memory card that it comes with, I am still able to fit all of the apps that I use daily, such as google voice (i use this for free texting and calls when I run out of service), pinterest, instagram, facebook, twitter, my bank apps, words with friends, amazon, redbox, ect...  "regular" apps will work just fine on this. Again, NOT A GAMING SYSTEM. Any phone, no matter how big the internal memory, is going to fill up fast if you download unnecessary games. If you INSIST on playing huge games, the simple solution is to buy a bigger memory card (up to 32gb), and download the .apk file onto your computer, save it on the memory card, and then put the memory card back in your phone.  A lot of the other problems I see people complaining about do not even have anything to do with the phone itself, but is a problem with Virgin Mobile service. You get what you pay for. Plus, VM only allows users, even with unlimited data, to have so many gbs of data per month. This is in the small print when you activate your phone with them. The other complain I read was people not liking the keyboard because it is swype. Just go into settings and switch over to the android keyboard instead. I'd be more than happy to help anyone who needs it with this phone, or the triumph, or htc, or any other vm phone because I check them all out.  And pretty much if you have one VM android, you've had them all. It's just a matter of maneuvering around to get what you want out of it.

This is the first Android based phone I had ever used. I am hoping that the rest of the products on the market, are NOT like the LG Optimus V.The GoodThe Wi-fi worked fairly well for me, and I was able to complete calls using Skype.The BadTwo issues for me.1. The keyboard is absolutely impossible to use. I spent 45 minutes just trying to enter my gmail userid and password. It requires too much tactile precision to be of any practical use. When I finally got beyond getting the gmail setup (required if you want to download anything for the market place) -- I downloaded Thick Buttons app. It helped, but only marginally. Swype. Okay if they have to put this on a phone, it is too difficult to use, m'kay?2. The second issues was the speaker phone. Admittedly I am deaf and wear hearing aids. But I need to hear the phone without the hearing aids. Even standing just 2 feet away, I could barely hear it ringing. Yes volume to the max physically, and within the phone settings. My Samsung Restore (which is what I went back to) has plenty of speaker power, and I am able to hear that without issue.The Ugly:There is no way to adjust font size in the browser. You are stuck with it, like it or not. Even installing Handcent did NOT help. (Useless application)When I tried to check my usage using this phone, all I got was a generic https error message. Oh yeah, that tells me a lot! NOT!I like the Android interface, but I would be reluctant to try the next Android phone up from this, since it is about $300. I am happy with my Samsung Restore, and that's where I will stay.

I had been searching to upgrade my virgin phone and decided on this LG Optimus.  Although I am very pleased with the phone and the shipping was extremly fast, about a month into owning it local stores now sell it cheaper then what I paid for it at Amazon; however that is how it goes with technology....  I would recommend the phone to a friend!

If I could give half stars, it would be 4.5 stars, not 5.The phone's body is quite nice. Unlike many other phones, the body is made of plastic with a rubbery feel to it. I often wonder if cell phones are so often made with a slick, slippery plastic in order to maximize the number of dropped phones and thus profits made on replacements. It has a certain amount of heft, which gives it a nice solid feel. It feels well made.Because I wanted to migrate a phone number from Sprint to Virgin, the registration process was a bit more complicated than it might otherwise have been. I did have to make two calls from a friend's phone before I got it up and going, and while that was annoying, the Virgin employees assisting me spoke with a passably American accent, which was a nice change from so many other CS experiences I've had.I used to own a small Virgin candy bar phone which I used to buzz people into my apartment building. It had its limitations. For example, I could only use Virgin ringtones. At the same time, I had the original HTC EVO 4G from Sprint, and it was a kick-ass phone. However, when I found myself hit hard by the recession I talked Sprint into switching me to one of their "dumb" phones on a cheaper plan to get me through to the end of the contract.As my Sprint contract came to a close, I did a little research. Well, really, a LOT of research. When I research something I become possessed until I reach a decision. I told myself to be realistic about my needs and, as a result, one decision I made was that, while it would be nice to have a 4G phone, it would not be a deal killer to end up with 3G. I really don't use my phone enough for anything necessitating 4G.I also told myself that at least for the time being I didn't want to be tied to a lengthy contract, so I decided to take a serious look at pay-as-you-go and prepaid phones/services. That pretty much eliminated the iPhone. Besides, my experience with the EVO taught me the Android interface, and I really felt that the Android market had all the apps I would ever need. No matter what you want, you typically end up with many 4 and 5 star choices.When looking into plans, I did want as much unlimited service as possible, but if it would save me money, I would take a plan with limitations that would fit within my normal usage. In the end, I determined to give Virgin's 300 minutes + unlimited text/web a try for $35 a month. If I end up going over 300 minutes regularly, I'll go for the next step up which gives me 1200 minutes for $45 plus the unlimited text/web. I'm not a middle school girl, so there's no way in Hell I'll ever go over 1200 minutes.Unlike the aforementioned minimalist Virgin phone, this more capable phone doesn't limit me to using Virgin's ringtones and wallpapers. I can choose from among the huge range of ringtones and wallpapers from sources like Zedge. I have loaded many Android apps and so far haven't found any that won't work. Of course, I filter them a bit based on some of the phone's limitations. One example: it has no forward facing camera. Neither does any other phone at anywhere near this phones $100 price range. Versus what I was paying before with sprint (about $70 a month) my savings on Virgin's $35 plan will pay for the phone in about three months!One more thing, if you plan on storing much on the phone in terms of music and apps, you will probably want to replace the puny 2 gig MicroSD card with an 8 or 16 gig card.I should, however, note that it can't play Flash graphics due to limitations in the processor speed and memory. You can, however, play Youtube videos and Youtube comes preinstalled on the phone.This is a heck of a lot of phone for a mere $100. I can recommend it without reservation unless for some reason you absolutely must have 4G, a forward-facing camera, and/or Flash.

I have only had the phone for a few days but so far so good. Almost no lag to the touch screen, easy to manage apps & maneuver through the phone's features without having to use the enclosed guide. A very good buy at a very good price.

Had a Motorola Droid.  I like this phone better.  Nice camera too.  Downloads apps in seconds. I like the physical Droid buttons, easier to use.  A great value.

I was grieving the death of my older model unintelligent phone while at the same time I was frantically searching on amazon for a newer phone below $100.00, which i knew would be scarce. After just a few minutes of browsing, I was in shock when I noticed a brand new, sealed Lg Optimus android phone available for less than $90.00. I made the purchase and received it in the mail within less then a week, nicely boxed and packaged. Life's Good when you buy from Milton R!

I picked this up at best buy recently for $129.99 and I'm very much satisfied with my decision. It runs smoothly, there are too many apps to count, and it just looks nice.Setting up the phone is painless enough, just log into the virgin website or call the hotline. It took about ten minutes to transfer my phone over (I am bidding adieu to the LG Rumor Touch with this purchase). It takes about 4-6 hours to get all the service aspects up and operational though. Calling (for me) worked straight away however it took about five hours for the 3G and texting to work.This being my first smartphone I started downloading apps like there is no tomorrow. I have about 60+ apps on my phone (this includes those which were preloaded on there). I haven't encountered any apps that are incompatible with the phone or even buggy in the slightest. The phone's internal memory leaves quite a bit to be desired though, I only have about 55mb left out of the initial 150mb. Many apps cannot be installed to the SD so this is problematic.The battery life is alright, but you're going to need to charge this phone every day, and it does take a fair while to charge, so be cognizant of this during your daily whatever. I did install Juice Defender Lite which seems to help keep the battery up longer.Call quality is good. My Rumor Touch used to drop calls constantly and sending pictures sent forever but this phone seems to do better on both counts. I haven't had the opportunity to use it with Skype yet though. The internet service is good though, nice and fast. The wifi function is a huge plus too.As for the design of the phone I have no complaints. It sits well within my hand, it doesn't feel cheap, and the keyboard (though requiring some getting used to) is pretty nifty. The speaker quality sounds pretty good too when playing music and using speaker phone. The 3.5mm headphone jack produces some good audio as well. The screen is kind of a scratch magnet though. I got this phone a few days ago and I already managed to acquire a hairline scratch on it without doing anything extraordinarily stupid. The scratch isn't too bad however it does irk me; Make sure you order some screen protectors and possibly a case.Overall; I recommend this phone emphatically for anyone who doesn't want to spend a ton of money on their plan or their phone. I am new to the world of smartphones but I'm pretty technologically inclined and I just can't say enough good things about this phone. The only thing that is holding me back from 5 stars is the battery consumption and charge time.

After being a T-Mobile customer for 8 years I finally dumped them when I found the phone and plan I'd been waiting for: the Android 2.2, LG Optimus V with the Beyond Talk plan.The Phone:An Android 2.2 operating system powers the LG Optimus V (V stands for Virgin... the S is Sprint's phone, but both share the Sprint mobile network) and allows for zippy web surfing via the 3G network.  Apps open quickly and transitions from one thing to another are smooth. The processor seems up to multitasking and I had no problem downloading apps and emailing at the same time.The body of the phone is comfortable to hold with a slightly rubberized feel, and the screen is bright and clear.  I did note the back cover of the phone is a tad flimsy, so be careful pulling it off and on to put in the battery.  Bear in mind I'm used to a Nokia E71 phone, which has a metal back, so that may just be something that bothered me and won't phase anyone else about this phone.  The four navigation keys on the front of the phone are sturdy and responsive.The touchscreen doesn't seem to respond as easily as my iTouch does, but then again, it may be me and the way I was gingerly giving it an initial once over.  I have texted and emailed using Swype (a cool technology included on this phone that basically allows you the ability to move your finger over a keyboard and have it intuitively guess at what you're trying to type without you lifting your finger) on this phone, and it works well. I'm pretty slow at it, but practice will undoubtedly help.The camera is a 3.2mp without a flash.  I'm not overly impressed with the quality of the photos I've taken, but I don't use my phone-cam as my primary camera anyway.  You can also take video with this phone.Charging this phone can be done by two methods: USB or travel adapter.  The travel adapter (included in the package along with the USB to phone cord) attaches to the USB end of the cord that attaches to the base of the phone.  You can charge your phone via either AC or USB - AC seemed to do it a tad faster, but be prepared to have a full recharge take 1 to 2hrs.This takes us to the downside of this phone: the battery life.  If you are downloading or surfing the web, this phone sucks down the juice.  There is a free app called Juice Defender, which will prolong your battery life - I highly recommend it along with Hotspot Widget, which allows you to use Hotspots for Wi-fi.  Talk time on the battery is estimated at 6hrs, with up to 3 days of standby time.  This would only work if you never checked the web, emailed, texted or played with apps!The phone weighs 4.69 ounces and is a tad thick, but not much more than an iPhone with a hard case on it.  It ships with a 2GB micro SD card in it, but I recommend picking up at least an 8GB card or larger to replace it.  Adding apps will quickly diminish the 2GB.No flash player is yet available for this phone - or so I've heard, thus 'flash' doesn't play on it.  You can view YouTube videos and there are several TV apps, so not really an issue for me yet and probably something that will be fixed with firmware in the future.I suggest purchasing a case to protect it, as none is included in the phone package.  LG Optimus S and T cases will work with this phone. Deals with a case, charger, screen protector, etc... like this: LG Optimus S LS670 Full Diamond Bling Black Zebra Skin Hard Case Snap on Cover Phone Protector Sleeve + Mirror LCD Screen Guard Film w/Cleaning Cloth + Free Biodegradable Screen wipe are available on Amazon.The Beyond Talk Plans:No deal out there comes close to this one.  Yes, the phone is an initial chunk of change, but it's an Android phone that will offer excellent call quality on the Sprint network and data at 3G speeds - unlimited data, text and email - for $25 a month with 300 anytime minutes.  GREAT deal!  A bump up for $40 a month gives you 1200 anytime minutes a month and unlimited data, text and email, or for $60 a month you get unlimited everything.  NO CONTRACT.  You can pay via gift cards you purchase with cash, or have a debit or credit card on file with Virgin Mobile.  You can choose to have them take the plan fee out each month, or you can tell them you'll do it yourself via the online payment section.  Really, really easy and no taxes or hidden fees.  If you go over your minutes it's an additional 10 cents a minute, and minutes don't rollover to the next month.Virgin Mobile coverage maps are available on their website.  Check it with your address to see coverage in your area prior to buying the phone.  There's a way to check voice coverage and then click over to data coverage.'Porting' Your Number (Keeping Your Old Number):If you want to keep your same cellphone number (the one used by another carrier) you need to keep these things in mind.1. You have to be in the same area code to do it.2. You cannot cancel your previous service prior to calling Virgin Mobile to set up service.3. You cannot activate your LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile's website, you must call them to tell them you want the same number.4. You need to have your old number, account number for the other provider, and a bit of time (up to 72hrs, although it took VM only 1hr to port my number...) to switch the old number to your new phone.5. You must have your LG Optimus V charged to be able to receive a text letting you know the number has been switched and your old service has been cancelled.6. Calling your old provider to make sure your service has been cancelled and to pay off any lingering debt with them is advised.Call to 'activate' your Virgin Mobile service after the number has been ported to your new phone.  They will ask you how you are paying for your service and have you do a test call.If you don't have an old number, you can either call Virgin Mobile to activate the phone or do it on their website.The LG Optimus V phone is my first android smartphone and so far, I'm very impressed. GPS, email, web, checking in on eBay and Amazon... all very exciting and something I thought I'd never be able to afford as I couldn't justify spending $70 a month for it with T-Mobile or ATT.In a few months the purchase of this phone will pay for itself and with no contract I'm sure I'll feel good about having the option to change, even if I never do.  If you don't want to be under contract, but want to enjoy the perks of new technology at a reasonable price per month - get this phone and the Beyond Talk plan. Heck, get them for the entire family!  You won't regret the purchase.UPDATE: March 13, 2011Found several FREE apps in the 'Market' of note.1. ShopSavy: uses scanner technology to scan items in the store and then give you the best price for that item online or locally.  Works very well!2. GasBuddy: gives you the current prices on fuel at different grades.  Type in a zip code or name of a place to get the listings.  You can also add a price as you see it to assist others using the app.3. Speed Test : gives you the current speeds of your internet upload and download.  Noted that my wifi is much, much faster than the 3G network, thus when home I switch my settings from mobile to wifi.4. Amazon Kindle: read all content on your Kindle, also on your phone.5. Radar Now: shows current weather maps as shown on your TV weather report (satellite maps) in real time, via GPS.6. HP Photo Print: found my home network printers and printed photos taken on my phone after uploading to the printer via this app.  Also can use Photoshop Express (also free) to tweak the photo prior to printing.7. SilentBoot: once downloaded an on, this allows you to turn your phone on and off without any noise.8. AVG free antivirus: still a good idea to run an antivirus whether it's on your PC or phone.9. Google Sky: really fun app that shows you the night sky (stars, constellations) and moves with you according to GPS location... play with this one!10. Quick Settings: very easy way to turn on and off wifi/gps/mobile... and a host of other things like uninstalling apps you no longer want.11. Zedge: lots n' lots of wallpapers and ringtones for free.12. Memory Booster lite: frees up unused memory to use by the processor.13. JuiceDefender: runs in the background to save your battery from draining too quickly.14. World Newspapers: just like the title implies, access to worldwide news via newspapers, but also magazines, webnews, social networking, etc... fun to browse and in many, many languages.15. Tune In Radio: allows you to pick up radio stations and podcasts by state. The 3.5mm headset jack (standard - like on iPods and other MP3 players) is great and this app plus your music library on a SD card means you can choose to leave your music player at home as it's all on your phone!Battery drops quickly with a lot of app use, but without it the phone holds a good charge for several days.  I simply keep topping the battery up whenever I'm home and near the charger. The manual says not to let the battery be completely discharged.Also on the subject of 'battery': The battery also is somewhat loose in my phone.  Not sure if that's all Optimus V's or just mine.  Sometimes my screen goes black and it's a loose battery.  A small bit of tape fixed the problem and is unseen under the back cover of the phone.The Voice Recognition software on this phone seems to be fabulous!  Both voice dialing and voice input for texting (instead of typing) seem to work great for me.  One suggestion for texting via voice: make your sentences short.  This seems to give me the most accurate input.Overall I love this phone and look forward to using it and Virgin Mobile for a long time!  Call clarity is great and so far the Android Experience is all I would have wished it to be.  I've watched lots of YouTube videos, emailed, msg'd, all with great ease.  The calls have been clear on both the sending and receiving end, and I've yet to find an area where I have not had service.  That's a pretty big deal considering I don't live in a major metropolitan area.  Great find, and happily discovering new things I like about the phone every day.UPDATE: 9/27/11Phone continues to give great service, but occasionally freezes when trying to dial.  I end up taking the battery out and reseating it, which seems to solve the problem. Did I mention you can't turn the phone off either? I'm considering a new battery for it...can get it off of Amazon for about $13.Anker 1600mAh Li-ion Battery for LG Optimus V VM670 (Virgin), LG Optimus S LS670(Sprint), Optimus One P500, Optimus T, Optimus U, Optimus C LW690, Optimus M MS690 Fits LGIP-400N - WhiteService for the phone has gone up in price from $25 a mo to $35 a mo for 300 minutes with unlimited talk and text.  Fortunately for me, as I got in with the $25 plan, my price DID NOT go up.  Thought that was darned nice of Virgin Mobile!  Hope it lasts.UPDATE: 1/25/12Received a text from Virgin Mobile today informing me that Internet speeds would be reduced for Beyond Talk customers if they go over 2.5GB of useage per month.  The Internet speeds for 3G with Virgin Mobile have been spotty lately, which makes me wonder if that's part of a transition to this new policy.  Time will tell if I will stay with Virgin Mobile or switch to something else. I don't use much data, but it bums me out that Virgin Mobile is going the way of several other providers and doing this now.  The phone is still a good one, and the plan is good for the money, but definitely not for those who don't want to wait too long for Facebook to load!UPDATE: 8/29/12Over the past two months or so the LG Optimus V has been acting fussy. The touchscreen became less responsive, sometimes the phone wouldn't turn off, and hanging up from a call became impossible without taking out the battery!  I have been very gentle with the phone and it's only been dropped twice, while wearing an Otterbox case.  3G speeds are excellent in the right location, but terrible in others.  I don't blame the phone for that one.I read a bunch of phone reviews and decided that for my budget, Virgin Mobile is still the best deal out there next to Tracfone which has such a poor phone offering I can't convince myself to jump ship.  Today I purchased theHTC One V Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)and can activate it with my current number online, once I log in to my Virgin Mobile account.  I chose the One over theHTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)because the EVO is $100 more and I don't have 4G coverage in my area, so paying for that option when I can't use it seemed wrong for me.I will update again when I activate (I'm waiting for Amazon to ship myOtterBox 77-20718 Commuter Series Hybrid Case for HTC One V - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackbefore I do so.  I'm optimistic that the LG issues will not be present on the HTC phone, and since the LG Optimus V has been replaced in the line-up with theLG Optimus Elite Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)which gets so-so reviews, I feel good about this new purchase.I'll also let you know if a phone call to Virgin Mobile won't help me keep my grandfathered in $25 a month with the new phone.  Fingers crossed!UPDATE: 12/2712Been using theHTC One V Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)for about 4 months now - had to upgrade to $35 plan to get it to work - and I love it!  It's a huge step up from the LG Optimus in both speed and features.  The LG Optimus was good and I'm glad I bought it initially, but the HTC One V is great - and what I would recommend over this phone at this time for 3G users on Virgin Mobile's network.

I purchased this phone to use while travelling.  The phone is ok, but not great.  Many apps are not compatible with it.  Notice when you look at apps how many say not compatible with the LG Optimus.  The battery life is decent, if you turn off the wifi.  With it on, it is pretty bad.  I lose the battery overnight, if I do not remember to turn off the wifi.  Although I knew that the network might not be the best, I did expect to have service most of the time.  That did not turn out to be the case.  No reception at my home.  No reception the entire way across Oklahoma, Kansas and most of Colorado.  Very slow when it does work, even with five bars.  Generally, I find it to be barely usable.  After my next vacation, I will likely let the service go and use it for a handy small ebook reader and wifi device.  Once I quit working and no longer have my office assigned Verizon blackberry (which worked in all of these places), I will have to decide if I want to pay Verizon's outrageous prices to have data service on a regular basis.My other issue is with Virgin Mobile.  It apparently does not wait to reassign numbers.  I have received numerous calls from bill collectors (all for the same person), obscene texts (from someone looking for the same individual, obviously thinking they still had this number) and many voice mails which use up my minutes, but have never been for me.  Including service appointments from Dish Network. Virgin Mobile basically said, "too bad."Update:  I tried again.  We just took a two week trip through the Pacific Northwest.  The service was still spotty at best.  I'm going to give it one more try in November, but suspect this is going to turn into merely a wifi device.  Although the price for VM service is cheap, it isn't worth much when you can't use it anywhere except metropolitan ares, which, by the way, did not include Vancouver, Wa.

man, all this phone is good for is a nice brick. i mean the phone is very sturdy, the screen never cracks. I mean, this thing is physically invincible. Now for the phone internally,it is so slow and it just sucks at apps. the apps are slow, and close a lot. the phone shuts down and gets stuck. calls are dropped almost ALL the time.

I wanted an affordable, entry-level Android smartphone, and this is a good one. Now that its a few years old and has been replaced by cooler and more-powerful phones, it sells at a cheaper price. My phone runs Android 2.2, which is okay, but I'm a bit irritated by all the cool things the newer phones with the later Android versions can do. I like this phone, though.

My son loves this new phone.  However, after only one day the sound stopped working except when the headphones were plugged in.  After trying to resolve it with tech support they suggested that I return the phone for a new one.  The seller was great to work with, very responsive and even offered to pay return shipping.  The new phone arrived very quickly and has been working great for over a month.  Other than a bit of a rocky start, which the seller took care of in a timely fashion, my son is very happy with his new phone.

I placed my order for the LG Optimus V before I went to bed and I awoke in the morning to a knock on the door and they were delivering the phone. I was happy to get is so quickly I paid for two day service but getting it overnight was a plus. The phone is great works very well so far. It is such a good price for an android phone. I would recomment it to my friends.

I bought this phone about seven months ago hoping it would be better because it's an Android phone. However, there are quirks with the phone that I particularly don't like.For example, the battery drains quickly within a day even after constantly disabling the extra applications. My phone has to be charged constantly, at least every single day because of the applications.Also, the phone automatically dials people without me even touching the screen or dial pad.Another problem is that, when I use the mp3 on the phone and accept an incoming call,  I have go back to the home screen to reopen the mp3; I have to do this because the mp3 doesn't always resume playing after hanging up.I didn't realize that the phone is on a 3G network with Virgin Mobile, so streaming videos would produce videos that freeze for a period between 10 seconds to minutes at a time. You can not watch a video like this, it's frustrating.I thought by having full web browsing, that I wouldn't have to use my laptop too much.But it's AGGRAVATING to search the web with this phone because when you browse the web, the letters are too small, and it's hard to fit everything on a small screen so you can't see the entire page on the phone at once. You try to make the screen bigger by hitting a button on the screen that appears and then disappears rapidly, so then you hit some other link by accident, which is so frustrating!The camera does take pretty good pictures especially during daylight. I do like that I can check my emails often.

I don't need a superphone or a pricey service contract. My brawny laptop computer does the heavy lifting. For $45.00/month, the powerful Optimus V performs exactly as advertised. Great reception where I live and travel. Its only downsides are Android phones' usually poor battery life if power-hungry apps are used, and a noisy Vibrate mode. If silence is what you need, turn the phone off altogether. This phone delivers a lot of bang for the buck. If Virgin Mobile/Sprint covers your required service areas, you can't go wrong with the Optimus V.

After some 18 months of use, I am retiring my LG Optimus V due to insufficient memory to actually perform the tasks it's otherwise equipped for. For months, I've been shedding apps to free up memory. I've moved everything from the phone memory to the SC card that is allowed. The day after I ordered a Samsung Galaxy S2 as a replacement, my LG Optimus began refusing to receive texts even though I had already emptied the text memory. I had to delete Google Maps in order to receive texts. It was not a crisis, since my new phone will arrive in another day or so, and thus all will be okay.Otherwise, this is really not a bad phone. Just underpowered in on-board memory. It is well made, attractive, and pretty functional. And I love Virgin Mobile and will continue using them as long as they keep their service up to their current standard and maintain their current very reasonable rates.

Functionality,capabiity,& overall performance of this LG Optimus V is on top VS the rest in a similar category.Switched from Verizon Droid2(R2D2) & this LG surprisingly outperforms in many ways.The camera may be the only downside due to a lower MP,but it's a solid unit overall.

I bought this used in February 2013 for my 2 month old daughter (she likes to sleep with an sound app and I couldn't give her my Samsung G3 all the time when we were out). I bought this used for $25 so no worries... but it turned out that the battery life wasn't that great when I used the app/phone (maybe 1/2 the day) so I put it back on Amazon Marketplace to resell. I winded up finding a Samsung Exhibit by Metro PCS for $50 and it was worth paying an additional $25 for it. My bf couldn't believe she was 3 months old and already upgraded! Ha!BTW, my infant daughter cannot make calls. I do not turn it on, so for $25, it's so much better than having an iPod.

After using Virgin Mobile's inexpensive flip phones for years, the wife and I recently upgraded to two LG Optimus V's on their $25 Beyond Talk plan.  Although the Optimus V is not a "top of the line" handset, it is a solid Android device.  It is nicely sized, operates briskly, and easily gets us through our daily communication needs.Using the built-in bluetooth, we have coupled our Optimus V's with an XLink Bluetooth Gateway and Panasonic KX-TG6545 cordless phone system to give our cell phones convenient, "around the home" coverage.  The setup has worked so well that we were able to cancel our landline phone service, saving more than the cost of one of our cell phone plans.If you are in an area with good Sprint coverage, the LG Optimus V on Virgin's prepaid plan makes a formidable competitor to landline telephone service while offering all the advantages of using a modern smartphone.[Note] All components for our system were purchased from Amazon.com.

of course, it is not an i-phone4.  but then again, I can still get my corp email, internet, angry birds, and everything else, for only $25/month.  savings of over $100/month from verizon.

This phone didn't even last a year without it stop working on me for no reason. I didn't have time to hassle with fixing it so I reactivated an older Virgin Mobile phone. I was already unhappy with it because the battery life was never as good as they said it was and would often die while I was out and about. Even my older Virgin Mobile phone still lasts the entire day without dieing. Anyways, the phone does have nice features and it was nice while I had it. I will probably just recycle it now and keep my phone that I still have. But it you want a really good Android phone this is not it  unfortunately in my opinion. Maybe for others it has been, but to me it's just a knock-off.

I have owned this phone for 2 years. I love it. It is great for basic smart phone functions such as internet e-mail and music. Otherwise it is a bit slow. The best thing about this phone is that it has a metal "skeleton". It is almost impossible to break this thing. I have dropped it sat on it my dog has chewed it and it still looks good. I get three days off one charge. The way to save battery is to not install too many apps and keep the wifi and bluetooth off when not using it. One thing i would like is a bigger screen. I like the fact that it is not super thin. It feels really solid in the hand and it is not bad looking. It feels high end and looks it, but really its a cheap phone. No problems with software but i could root it and get better performance but i am happy with it the way it is. The battery also needs a full night to charge. If you charge it to full in a few hours it will only last the day. If you let it sit overnight the battery last for days!

Good entry level smart phone. The only problem is virgin mobile network is sub par. But for $25 a month who can complain?

loved the phone didn&#34; know had to pay so much  couldn't afford  love features of the phone worth $35 monthly

LG Optimus V is a decent phone for $129. However, I found out something I disliked. 1. Vibration is so low that I miss calls all the time. It got so bad I have to set the volume to high which basically everyone in the room can hear it. 2. Touchscreen keyboard isn't as good as real keyboard. 3. It froze up several times for the past couple months. A cold boot solved the problem. If you don't want to spend $300 for Motorola Triumph then choose this phone.

I really like the Phone I have had only 2 Problems with it one day it wouldn't keep a full charge but it's fine now.Also I need to know what size and where I can get an SD Card so I can you the Camera other than that I Love the Phone

I love the phone especially the music download app.Google play have nice apps and the browser is great,Youtube and other videos can be seen. The battery is short but there are apps and ways to lenghten the life of it.

Package got in good time but you just can't speak into into tge phone..thats only problem if you want to make a phone call speak to text.....customer does acknowledge refund or swap of defective products....take your money  and run

Amazing price and as advertised...best price found anywhere all new packaging nearly impossible to tell it was not brand new

This is my first smartphone bought almost three years ago. It was mainly a learning tool for me. I found it to be very reliable with good battery life but a bit slow and the internal storage was very small causing a severe limit on the number of apps it could hold. I have moved on to a Samsung Reverb. All my phones have been Virgin Mobile pay-as-you-go. I still have my old LG Optimus V that I use purely as an unactivated music player and occasional backup internet device. If you don't mind a somewhat small screen and don't need a big bunch of apps it is a good old phone.

A good, useful phone. Because of my sausage like fingers, I had thought to get a phone with a built in keyboard, but with the price being offered for the LG I figured I'd give it a shot. While I wouldn't mind if the touchscreen keys were bigger, I still manage to hit the right ones (most of the time). Also, the phone uses Android 2.2 and there are about a gazillion free apps for it, including Kindle. It also has voice activated features that actually work.The only reason I didn't give the phone 5 stars is that if you are using the phone a lot the battery will run down, fast. It says six hours, but don't figure on more than four or five of heavy use. So buy many chargers and keep one handy. The cheap ones work fine.Also, make sure you are signed up to a plan with UNLIMITED web and data access before you start using the phone because you will burn through many. many megabytes of data using the web based features.

I have purchased 3 of these phones and gave 2  as gifts. Everyone loving them. For a prepaid phone it is great.

I've been putting off buying a new phone for a while, for what? $95 bucks for this phone is a steal. So far everything is 3x as easy to do than my old Virgin phone. Camera is great, display is outrageous. Email, Navigation, Web, Messaging all in a split second. GPS works perfect. Maps is great. All the apps I need are in there already, I think around 30 installed.SD card included and was already installed. They give you an adaptor as well. Nice.I guess if your a total nerd, you might find a few things you don't like but for normal people, its perfect.Worth every penny.

Very nice cell phone almost like an iPhone....my oldest daughter and my son love them!!! Fast shipping!!! Great price!!! will be buying  a 3rd one because my youngest daughter wants one for her birthday!!! Virgin mobile has great prices on their plans!!!  Thanks!!! :)

The LG Optimus V is a really good phone, I own a one since 3 weeks and I love it. For a resonable price I would give 4 to 5 stars, look for more details in good technical reviews on this page. The only thing I want to point out is that this offer is heavyly overpriced. I bought my phone for 140$ and even now you can get it easily below 200$. The list price is misleading, you don't save money here but pay way to much!

This phone is a basic android phone. Works well with my $25 plan but downgrading from an Epic (sigh)its just ok nothing special. The only bad thing is pdf's do not download sometimes and its slowww but you get what you pay for.

Hey people! I mean u people with ANY complaints. Guess what? This is a $100 phone. It acts like a $100 phone should. If u wana whine about what it doesnt do. Then buy a $300 phone and quit whining cuz u were cheap to start with.... Ok maybe there is a battery issue. Maybe there is a memory issue. Its a $100 phone. Deal with it!

I had this phone - for 30 days and returned it as fast as I could. The internet on it didn't work for one thing, and trying to hang up a call was uncertain. I'd "hang up" but after a moment hear the tell-tell voice of whomever I'd called ask "you still there?"  I wanted a phone that when I hung up, it was HUNG UP!  Away with this phone.... and found a better phone from Virgin Mobile.

This was a great price.  I've been using the phone for a year now and I still enjoy it daily.  It can be a little slippery as it has no grip and it is not easy to find a phone case that I like without spending $20+ on it.

The best reviews for this have already been written; I just want to add further affirmation of the awesomeness of this phone. The seamless integration with Google is both scary and awesome. The Netflix playback is decent. The fact that it connects to wifi without a contract or exorbitant price make this thing an excellent buy. I don't know why the price is so quickly dropping, but this phone is well worth the money, and was $80 ago.

I have been a VM customer since 2000. I recommended this service. Then I got the LG optimus 2 years ago. Data is extremely iffy. I get such slow response times 9 out of 10 times, I only use the internet service if I have to. The phone is Ok as long as you are not in a dead spot.Searching anything on the web is a difficult process and then you finally give up. I NEVER use anywhere near the max of data service, especially since I usually get a not connected to the internet message. And when I am it takes forever to get a web page. Then 1 time out of 10, it actually works!

I have owned this phone for 1.16 years and I've been very pleased. However, I wasn't happy with the bloatware that came pre-installed on the phone, nor was I really happy with not being able to uninstall it with the stock OS. Since first purchasing this phone, I've received a great deal of inspiration from AndroidCentral forums and with the customizations I've made I'm hoping to keep this for another year.

the phone was just like it was described in the detail. brand new it was just like i bought it from the store but saved liked $30.

I purchased this phone at my local Radio Shack a couple days ago, and it has been awesome so far! The performance of the phone is zippy, and it actually performed faster than the Samsung Intercept, which is also from Virgin Mobile, and has a faster processor. Also, the screen is much clearer and colorful than the screen on the Intercept. It's glass covered instead of plastic, unlike the Intercept.The phone looks great, it seems to be built very well (especially considering the low price), and it looks like a more expensive phone.Most apps on the Marketplace work, and there are some that really add to this handset's functionality.The camera is great, takes awesome images for a 3MP shooter.Get this phone, you will not be disappointed, especially for the price!

This is my third smart phone with Virgin Mobile. First I had the Blackberry 8530 which was slow and could only use the net with wifi and had other shortcomings. Next I had the Samsung Intercept which was slow and just extremely unstable. Then I got the LG Optimus.With the previous two phones, I was convinced the Virgin Mobile network was to blame for poor performance of internet use. Now I see it IS the phone. This phone from LG is almost as fast as my wife's iPad on the net.What I like the most about this phone is the REAL Android buttons where most Android phones just make these buttons part of the touch screen. What I like least about this phone is no slide out QWERTY keyboard. But I'm getting used to the touch keyboard and I'm finding it not be that bad.The camera takes great pics (for a camera phone, I think it's on the better end).Using an app called 'Android Booster' that lets me turn off the 3G service when I don't need it, I am able to get as much as 6 days out of a single charge. Try that with an iPhone!!!

My wife and I purchased two of these LG Optimus V smartphones in July 2011 with a Beyond Talk plan that gives us 300 anytime minutes and unlimited text and data for $35 each monthly. Now, seven months later, we feel great about our first smartphone purchases.We don't live in an area with 4G coverage (southern Oregon), so there was little reason to commit to a two-year plan. We have 3G connectivity and the Android 2.2 operating system, featuring a 3.2" QVGA touchscreen display (480 x 320 pixels).A nice surprise is the Amazon App store, where we purchase most of our apps. We have nothing against Android market but the prices are usually better at Amazon and we can test many of the apps before purchasing them. We upgraded from the 2 GB microSD memory card included to a 16 GB card. We recommend you upgrade as well, so you can enjoy the apps without worrying about overloading your phone.The only feature we don't have (and really want) is a flash for the 3.2-megapixel auto-focus camera/camcorder. That's really the only complaint we have with this model.My Google, Yahoo and Hotmail accounts are linked to theLG Optimus V. My most used apps are Google Listen and BeyondPod, both of which give me access to a wide variety of podcasts, music and news. I've also downloaded my cardio playlist from the Amazon Cloud.The phone comes with a 3.5mm headset/headphone jack. I regularly use both myUltimate Ears 200 Noise-Isolating Earphonesand myJabra Sport corded Stereo Sports Headset. I'm happy with the sound quality and volume.In summary, the lack of a flash is not enough for me to drop a star off my rating. I hope my next smartphone purchase is as good a value as this one. Although, I have no intention of shelving this phone anytime soon; I expect to get another 17-20 months of use out of this model.Rating: Five stars.

I purchased this phone about a month ago and it works great and you can do lots with it but the battery is crap it dies so fast you can only use it for an hour or so then need to charge it or it dies , wish the battery lasted longer cause its a pretty nice phone

This is my first android phone. I had the same issues that everyone else has stated. It doesnt have a lot of available memory. Once I downloaded a few droid apps, it kept telling me I was out of memory and couldnt even receive text messages :( I had to uninstall the apps to be able to function properly again. I tried to delete most of the factory apps it came with to make room, but have not been able to figure out how yet..Overall, I wish it had more memory capacity, but I LOVE THIS PHONE!

Carry your phone around in a purse for a year. Drop your phone, like 100 times. Make sure it lands on concrete, hard wood, tile, and dirt. Go out on the beach with it and talk and take pictures. Make a little sand pile to prop it up so you can get the right angle for  picture. Now go drop it in a parking lot, causing it to fly apart, and have the battery run over. Okay, now please go be dense and drop it in the bathtub because you can't ignore a ringing phone. And, if you don't mind, do all of this without any kind of case or anything. Does your phone still work? Really? Odd... My LG Optimus V still does! This phone is amazing and I wouldn't trade it for anything. I bought another one, just in case this one breaks. I was going to get a new smartphone but after this one took a swim and came out okay (after a night in a bag of instant rice) I decided to just buy a "just in case" back up while Target had them on sale before Christmas. All I can say is BUY THIS PHONE. Okay, it's not the newest, fastest, most technologically advanced phone ever and the battery life can be a serious pain, but man it can take a BEATING. I absolutely love this phone. Now I have to go buy an otter box for it because, honestly, it seems like I am a little rough on phones and I wouldn't want this one to break after all we have been through!

This is a pretty solid Android device, but only if you have the tech skills to learn how to "root" it and install a custom rom (DO NOT attempt unless you have a moderate-to-high level of computer know-how, otherwise you might ruin your phone). The stock VM rom is, simply put, not good. It's slow, it likes to freeze up, the internal storage is woefully insufficient, and it's not very battery-friendly. After installing a different rom, I was able to remedy these issues and, as a bonus, am now running Gingerbread on my Optimus V instead of Froyo.With the custom rom, I was able to overclock the cpu from 600 to 864 MHz (although I suspect this phone has the same cpu as the Optimus V slider and Elite, only under-clocked). This has noticeably improved the performance of the phone, and almost completely eliminated freeze-ups (You still won't be running the really high-end games, but overall the phone will operate in a much smoother fashion). With the root, I was also able to install an app that lets you expand the internal memory of the phone onto a Micro SD card. This is important because many apps will only install to internal memory; so if you only have the phone's stock 128 MB to work with, you run out of space quick. The battery life is also better under Gingerbread, I can usually make it through a day now without having to recharge the phone halfway through. The camera is so-so, only 3.2 MP, but it works for basic stuff. The video capture isn't great, but it does function. The call quality is good; I don't have trouble hearing people or being heard when I make a call. Service in my area is pretty good. Video playback is good, no problems there (unless it's wonderful Microsoft Silverlight). The screen could be a little bigger (it doesn't make a great gps, for example). This phone is a little thicker than most newer smart phones, but still fits in your pocket quite nicely. In the interest of time, I won't list all the cool things Android itself is capable of; but rest-assured, it's a highly efficient, capable, and customizable open OS.In conclusion, I would not recommend this phone to someone who wasn't going to "root" it. The internal memory is not sufficient, and the stock rom's performance and battery life issues make it highly undesirable. I would rate this phone two out of five stars stock. However, if you have the know-how, this phone, combined with Virgin Mobile's excellent monthly rates, is a great value!

I have been very happy with this phone. You can't beat Virgin Mobile, it is one of the only cell phone companies that doesn't have a higher price for smart phones. When I ran out of minutes on my plan I paid for the next month and they gave me bonus minutes to see me through this month.

This is a truly great phone.  We have been with TMobile for several years and finally got tired of the bill and our Blackberrys.  VirginMobile has a plan that can't be beat.  I wish I had switched over sooner!Here are some of the features I like about the LG Optimus V:Voice to text is awesome.You can speak an email or a text or a search on the internet and this phone almost always gets it right.  I never used texting before.  I don't have time, patience or skill to hunt and peck on a tiny keyboard.  Voice to text makes this so easy.  Just punch the microphone button on the keyboard.  I'll say it again, awesome.Use GoogleVoice and GrooVe IP for free minutes.With VirginMobiles Unlimited Text and Data with 300 minutes plan you can place and receive calls without using any minutes.  Set up a google gmail account and add google voice.  It is a really simple process.  Buy GrooVe IP from the Amazon App store for about $5.  Setup takes less than 5 minutes.  When you are near a good wifi connection, GrooVe is exceptionally clear.  You can make calls even in places where you are not able to get cell service.  Forget Sipdroid and all those other difficult apps.  GrooVe is simple to set up, simple to use and it works!Great price for VirginMobile plan.We were paying over $75 per month per phone.  Virgin mobile is cutting that by about half.  $35 per month for 300 minutes and unlimited text and data.  By the way, there are not a bunch of fees on top of that like other carriers.  My total is under $39 with all taxes and fees.Free 60 minutes when you sign up with a kickback code.As you set up your phone, you will burn through some minutes with you voice mail setup and trying it out.  When you activate your phone on the internet you can use a kickback code to get 60 extra minutes for free.  Here is a code you can use:  8TE0VXNQ (note, the 4th character is a zero)Tips:Download the pdf file for the LG Optimus User Guide from the VirginMobile site.  Along with the Basic Guide booklet that ships with it, this will help you get the most out of your new phone.My favorite apps besides GrooVe IP are Amazon Kindle, Gas Buddy, and ShopSavvy.  There are several apps preloaded on the phone.  GoogleMaps is my choice for best.  It gives spoken turn by turn instructions and a street view of the address you are looking for.  This is a lot better than my TomTom.All in all, this is a great phone with a great plan.If my review was helpful, please give it a click below as helpful.  Thanks.

Excellent choice in pre-paid phones! Delivers excellent service, apps, and connectivity! Would truly recommend this phone to all who are interested in getting a top-of-the-line phone at a reduced cost!

I have to say, I am very pleased with this product. I was nervous since this was my first amazon buy and especially while going through the process of moving, I was afraid it wouldn't ship on time, or it wouldn't be what I thought it was and I'd end up having to SOMEHOW make the time to return it. BUT, the express shipping was perfect! It got to me before I expected and it was one thing I could cross off my checklist. The phone exceeded my expectations, everything about this order was PERFECT and I am now in love with this phone. :) Thank you for a great (first) ordering experience.

This phone was highly rated. I have no idea why, unless those folks don't use it to make phone calls. Everyone I called said i was breaking up really bad. Since I gave up the landline it's critical that my cell phone be able to make phone calls. I went back to my LG Rumor Touch because the call quality is excellent.If you don't need it for calls, it does have nice features. I like that it has security so you can input a code to access the phone - so others can't. I liked the graphics, the sounds, the multiple home pages and the camera (although the rumor touch has a pretty nice camera, too).Bottom line: if you want to play games, text, use the internet, it's a good phone. If you need to do voice calling, run. run fast.

I've had this phone, with Virgin service, for about two months now.The phone service is fine.The data coverage is poor, despite being right in an alleged coverage area.The data connection speed is slow.  I frequently cannot connect to the internet, no news, weather, IM, facebook, etc etc.  Very frustrating.The battery life is unbelievably short.  This phones ability to drain the battery seems to almost defy physics.  It takes several hours to charge the battery, but only a couple hours to drain it.I need to have a phone, so i can't return it, but the battery life and data connectivity is so poor that I am only able to use this as a mobile phone, not a smart phone.

I did my homework prior to purchasing the LG Optimus Android by Virgin Mobile and gave it to my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it! There's no contract and it's an Android/Smartphone.  Does everything she wants.  She has an iPod Touch and what the iPod doesn't do, this LG does.  I must say I questioned not getting her an iPhone, but she couldn't be happier.  In fact, she's so happy with the phone that she's talked me into getting one for myself.Thanks Amazon for a great deal and a great Christmas gift for my daughter!

I have been using this almost year now but always think that this is defective because screen freezes in the middle of voice mail calling. How can I hang up voice mail? I guess taking off the battery...Most problem my phone has is charging the phone. I have regular charger, car charger and USB charger and they don't work many times. One minute, I see phone is charging and then next minute, connection is lost and not charging.  I wish there are more choice of phones at Virgin mobile.

I had issues with this phone when I first got it. Unfortunately I was on vacation when I got this and when I got home it was to late to return it. The phone broke within the first3 weeks of owning it and after allot of research I found a good customer service number had to mail the phone paid by me to get it fixed. That took 2 weeks. Phone works pretty good now still sometimes when using phone to call someone the screen will not come back on or attempting to answer the screen goes black. BIGGEST ISSUE With this phone is Adobe Flash and PDF not compatible I bought this to help with work while on the road and it is useless without these two options.UPDATE Dec. 22,2012I have had this phone for a year and half now. It has been reliable to a point. Only good if you want a basic phone. It will constantly run out of memory. Has outdated apps like twitter that are not useable and you cant delete the garbage apps you don't need. The phone is not useful for me anymore and I will be replacing with a better phone and different carrier this month. Been a loyal customer of Virgin Mobile almost 10 years now and they can not keep up with the times. Outdated equipment and poor customer service.

This is my first smart phone. I quit contract phones over a year ago. Virgin Mobile has cheap affordable plans. This phone is easy to use. It does not have alot of internal memory but it comes with a 2gb sd card. I have downloaded several apps and I move them to the sd card if possible. The battery life depends on if you use this as just a phone or if you like to browse,view and play games. The GPS is awesome and rivals my Garmin. The phone comes with some apps that can't be deleted. There are many apps for shopping,entertainment and general stuff that can be downloaded for free...not all can be moved to the sd card. Ones that can't be moved I play with them or delete/uninstall if I dont like them.It has an onscreen keyboard with swipe. You can also do speech to text. Both seem to work well.I am happy with this phone and have no regrets. If you are looking an affordable phone without commitment this is it.

This phone is okay, but it freezes about once a day, and when I try to compose text messages in a landscape view it does not let me. Otherwise, the phone is good.

Simply a great phone with a choice of great plans! This is my first smart phone and I can't understand how I could live without it before. I had prepaid service with T-mobile and paid more a month for talk and text then I do for talk, text and web with the new plan. With T-mobile I also had very bad reception (especially in our apartment where I never had reception for the first 20 min after coming home...) which I have never experienced with Virgin.The phone is easy to use, and there are so many fun and useful apps that can be downloaded for free in the marketplace. It responds fast and takes good pictures etc. All I could ever ask for :) I am so happy with mine that my husband got one as well.Only downside with the phone is the battery. After being fully charged, it lasted for some 8 hours only! Sometimes my husband had charged his phone fully during the evening, and by morning the phone was out of juice! Without being used! :( So I did some research and installed Green Power Free Battery Saver which has increased our battery time tremendously. Also, if you have the phone connected to your wifi at home, set the wifi sleep policy on the phone to "never". Battery time is now some 48 hours!I found some great tips for increasing battery time here [...]

Got this phone several months ago (1st Android) and am totally happy.  VM is half the cost of ATT!  After a bit of time invested in learning Android and setting everything up the way I like it, its fantastic.  Easy to use, reliable, fast, comfortable, small enough to be very convenient.  I don't know why people want bigger phones.  Non-slip backing, rounded shape, very responsive & bright/clear screen.  This works well for web surfing, email, RSS, calendar, alarm, weather, etc.  Only downside is lack of flash - no big deal.  With the micro SD reader, I have plenty of storage.  I use is daily for music and videos.  I have over 150 instructional (EFT) videos that I view daily.  This works better than my iPod Touch with far more storage and less money.  This phone would be a superior alternative to iPod touch even if not used as a phone.  Camera is very good but no camera flash.  Does video as well.  Transferring files on Android is so much easier than iTunes.  Update:  After 13 months, this phone is still like new.  Works perfectly, quite durable (handles drops easily with little scratching), seems to be dirt, dust, sand and water repellent.  I get all day battery with light use.  Heavy internet use does drain the battery, but most days I still have 60-70% battery remaining at bedtime. To me, battery life is far more important than the bigger screens and faster processors of the more expensive phones.  My wife has the Motorolla Triumph and it (and its replacement) have been problematic, unreliable and finicky with truly terrible battery life.

Wonderful phone, works great and is simple to use, no issues here! if you like simple and you like smart phone this is a great way to go!

This phone is light-weight, fast, and has an EXCELLENT camera. I added my own Android launcher and it already had a SWYPE keyboard (those things take getting used to but are really neat). The GPS tracks great and i get really GOOD reception for being in a mediocre area for Virgin Mobile. Plus, it actually has great Wifi reception and my conditions are pretty darn harsh. The Android 2.2 is up-to-date and works with everything i've thrown at it.This phone is what the Boost I1 "should" have been without the price.

I recently had to get rid of my Droid X because the bill was way too high.  After doing some research, I chose the LG Optimus V.  Although it was a downgrade, it's probably one of the best Android-powered phones out there.  You can't beat the price either!Pros:-Great speed-Touchscreen is accurate-User FriendlyCons:-Screen is pretty small-No Flash on the camera-Vibrate is pretty weakAll in all, this is probably the bargain of the century when it comes to smartphones!

I am completly satisfied with this phone. It has far exceeded my personal expectation so far. My previous phone was a basic one that I had through Net 10 and paid $20. per month for 200 shared texting and talk minutes. This one costs me only $35. for 200 talk minutes, but I have unlimited text AND web ! Great Value for the money. It is super user-friendly for those of us that are not very computer-literate and really don't need alot of the extras. I get excellent coverage in my rural area as well as internet. It has a tutorial that was installed that helped me through the set up and the people at Virgin moblie helped me port my old phone # to my new phone, and that only took about 24 hrs to complete. Would I recommend this phone ? For sure ! It is a great value for the people like me that don't want a monthly contract. It also has alot of apps that are already installed for our convenience.

I got this phone about one and half years ago. It was my first android phone. I loved it. It ran great and was inexpensive. I customized it a bit, and put a few apps on. Then, after downloading about 7 apps it just said, yoy are almost out of memory. Its a problem, only 126mb. So much that when you have only a few apps you will have to delete all your texts if you want to send one because of lack of space. Its only a $100 phone so whatever. It just takes some getting used to.  After that no problems, great call quality, decent web browsing. And after doing this for no more that 3 hours. My battery was on red. Its not good. I go out a lot, seeing friends whatever and if I'm out late I need to have a phone one me. I go out for four hours and don't even touch the phone and its half dead. If you really want this phone, go buy an extended battery, or else. The keyboard is cramped and tiny (if you have big hands like me) and landscape mode doesn't help it. Learning all these things about this phone, I still loved it. I drop it still a year and a half later almost every day. Full impact and it still looks brand new (which is good if you are clumbsy). Fastforward a year and a year and a half later and its pathetic. I have only two installed apps. Instagram and facebook. It crashes atleast 15 times a day and randomly turns off about 8 times. Its very sluggish too. And you can't use any app within the first 5 mins of it being turned on, or geuss what? It will crash some more. It has become a frustrating nightmare. I'm getting rid of it and trading up as soon as possible.  If you plan on owning this phone for less than a year and can deal with the other flaws, then this is the best low cost option. Or if you really like the fact its practically indistructable then go ahead, if not. For the sake of yours neighbors and family, and your vocal chords. Don't bother with this phone.

I bought the LG Optimus Prepaid Android Phone in September 2011 and by January 2012 it was already starting to crap out. Initially it was great. Fast internet, no dropped calls, neat apps, decent battery life. Now the phone turns itself off mysteriously even with a full battery. (Usually when I actually need to make a phone call.) The internet is super slow and not worth using and the battery life is horrible. I charge it overnight and by afternoon it's dead. This phone is not great.

The phone is very reasonably priced.  I don't use it as a phone very much, I don't like to call people, it's just the best PDA I've ever used, hands-down.  The UI animations are smooth and the OS is responsive - not a bit of sluggishness.  The speaker is loud.  Lots and lots of great apps, most of them free.Only two caveats:1. Battery life is short. That doesn't particularly concern me.  It makes it through the day and I just charge it every night.2. I wish it had a front-facing camera for video calls.Other than that, I pretty much couldn't be happier with this phone.

I've been an apple user since the iPhone 3G came out. Loved that thing and in fact I still do. But over the years it's gotten slower and I'm not ready to re-commit to a 2 year contract. I wanted a smart phone with no contract and a reasonable monthly rate. After a lot of checking I opted for the Virgin Mobile prepaid, and the LG Optimus.From a value standpoint, I purchased this phone for $100 at bestbuy on sale. And the monthly plan is a mere $25 instead of the $50-$90 I was spending on the iphone 3G. You can't beat a $25 a month phone bill for unlimited data, text and 300 minutes. If you need more minutes you can switch to a $40 or $60 plan but for me $25 is enough.The phone itself is pretty darn fast compared to my iPhone 3G. Some people say you can't do angry birds on it, I haven't had any trouble. It does take a minute to load the game, but it's not an unreasonable amount of time.The animations on the phone are smooth and the call quality isn't great but is acceptable.The GPS is incredible. When using Google maps on my iphone (and ipad 3g) I am juust a little blue dot. When running the same app on this phone I'm an arrow and it knows what direction I'm facing, something iOS doesn't do. Plus I am loving Google Goggles and barcode scanner. The camera is decent quality and it's just really well done.The only downside to this phone is Virgin installs some crapware that you can't remove unless you root the device. I'm not going to do that but I will download pro launcher or something that will allow me to hide the extra apps I don't want.Oh and one more con, itunes sync on a mac. Pretty much non-existent. You can use an app called doubletwist and it does an ok job at syncing playlists, but unless your media is in a playlist it won't sync up. I'm still looking for an alternative tool.Overall I am just as happy with this entry level android phone running 2.2 as I was with my iPhone 3g running the latest apple iOS. In fact this phone is able to do MORE then my iphone 3G even after jailbreaking it.And I'm really loving VirginMobiles $25 a month plan, so much in fact that I don't think I would EVER go back to a 2 year contract apple phone with minimum plan price points upwards of $40-$90 or whatever it is these days.Here's a promo code when you sign up with Virgin Mobile, you can get 60 MINUTES FREE by entering RYnDPLOU in the kickbacks box when you activate your phone. Minimum of $20 is required. Note: Enter this code when you active NOT when you buy the phone--UPDATE--I am now using an app called iSyncr to sync my iTunes and Android phone. It does a MUCH better job in my opinion then DoubleTwist because it doesn't make it's own library of music. It instead syncs directly from your itunes library folders. I also paid the $0.99 for the WIFI addon which now lets me sync my music, tv shows, podcasts, etc without being connected to my computer. Now because the battery isn't all that wonderful I leave it plugged in on my nightstand when I sync wireless. But this means now when I go to bed I hit the wifi sync and go to sleep. When I wake up all my latest podcasts, etc are ready to go with me. Pretty nice and works very well!If anyone else has any recommendations please feel free to share!

This review has been updated. Good clear calls, great size, fast, great apps - and all at an outstanding price. When I first activated the phone, it could not connect to the web via 3g, but after about a week Virgin Mobile was able to fix the problem. The phone fits your hand well and feels good to the touch. The battery does need to be charged every night. I ordered a Duracell Instant USB Charger for backup power. Hopefully, it will work with this phone. There are a ton of free apps in the android market. The Skyfire browser is able to play Flash Video. The Yahoo Mail and email apps that notify you when you have email are great. This is a great phone that delivers outstanding value. The major carriers don't even come close to the value Virgin Mobile provides.

well let me say that this phone is good but virgin mobile customer service sucks they double charged my credit card they said they fixed the problem but when i check my account its still there and that was 2 days ago

I had it for 2 years from Feb 2011 until January 2013.It is a budget phone and it was an ok device in Feb 2011. The gps and skype worked ok. It has a low resolution, small screen  and not enough memory for applications. Internet browsing was slow and painful, therefore, I never used internet on it, usually skype if anything and gps sometimes.In Feb 2011 it was one of two I believe android devices on the prepaid market and probably the best phone in Feb of 2011 for Virgin Mobile prepaid plans, however , nowadays there are much better phones that you can choose from.The LG Optimus V is very basic and it is worth paying more for a better phone to be able to access the  internet etc.Its functionality and speed are at the low end of the spectrum , basically an ancient device. I gave it 3 stars because it deserved 3 starts back then , in 2011( 3 years ago) but a lot has changed since then ....I highly recommend getting something better. I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S2 in Jan 2013 and even thought Galaxy s2  is also considered old by today's standards , it is a much better phone than the LG Optimus V and I am very happy I upgraded because I can do so much more with it.

This is my first smart phone, The 3g access works great and I get better phone service than I did with Verizon. And you also unlimited data and text messages ( and 300 minutes) starting at 35.00 a month..why not? Theres no contract either... I rarely talk on my phone anyway. It plays Netflix movies perfectly and the phone loads apps fast. I would recommend the "Quick settings" app for quick access to Wifi, GPS and 3g settings..if you leave them on, they will kill the battery quickly..Turned off, it has great battery life. Lots of fun for short money..

First I'll start of with saying...I'm older and not as tech savvy as my kids when it comes to newer gadgets, but I try hard to get up to speed. This phone promised everything I was wanting in a new phone. However, when I started using it, found I had a few limitations. It won't send or receive pictures. So at a time when I'm working with three of my daughters to create a beautiful wedding for their sister...this just doesn't cut it.  The only way I could get pictures sent out was to set up an email account, but how is that handy?  My almost new son-in-law took my phone and installed an app killer that has nicely lengthened the time between chargings (GREAT asset). It may be more helpful for you to do this than putting the phone into airplane mode, as others have suggested.  Being able to download apps (after a confusing update episode)has been very helpful. It's amazing what you can have on this phone that can help you in life AND have fun.I acquired this in a package deal that was less than anywhere else I was looking for just the phone, so I can't complain about not getting what I paid for. With luck, the issues I'm having are not just the phone. Hoping Virgin Mobile will be able to assist me in finding out why the picutres won't transmit or open. Basics are great. Finding a wifi spot to use the internet can be challenging, but other than the symantics of life, the purchase seems to have been worthwhile.

I bought this phone, coming from Boost mobile's unlimited plan, AND I mostly only use the phone for internet and it wasn't even a smart phone, SO I needed an upgrade. I love how easy it was for me to get to know my phone, easy to download apps, swipe key entry is VERY cool. I love that I get my emails right away and I have found myself not using my netbook as much. The only thing that stinks about this phone, it the battery, if you use this phone for the net it does eat up your battery. Also a little hint, when charger your phone turn it off, it very hottt if not. Other than that I love the phone and the price is right for the service. BTW the phone is cheaper at radio shack or on virginmobileusa.com it is only 149.99.

This phone is a fantastic value if you get it on sale.  Please be aware, though, that to really get it up to speed you will need to factor in the cost of a 16 or 32mb microSD card, because you won't be able to download many apps or photos or tracks without it- there's very little storage in the phone. The camera does not have flash, and it is rear-facing, but works remarkably well. You can't go wrong with free Android apps. If you are activating or adding minutes to your phone, will you do me a favor and use my kickbacks code for 60 bonus minutes for you and for me? It's kuTYnNe9  .  Thanks!

Roms Roms and more Roms are available for this little smart phone. There is no other prepaid android phone on the market with more custom roms out there for it, Just the IHO rom i use alone has seven active different versions being supported with newer versions daily.

On a recent trip with my sister, her iPhone 4 consistently had problems with voice input (which is only available in a few places since it is not part of iOS).  This phone, however, could use Google Navigate and Mapquest and everything else with voice input that for me was very accurate.Long story short, we relied on this phone, not the iPhone, which is being returned.

The phone works good. The talk time is ok, not the greatest. My only complaint is that there is very litle phone memory.

I hate my phone. Let me say, I loved it when I first bought this phone around a year ago. Everything worked great. Now, I cannot browse photos on facebook. If I click to the next photo, it takes like a minute for it to change photos. GPS sucks. It takes forever to lock on. The touch screen doesn't respond well to my touch. I have to touch things multiple times. The thing that ticks me off the most is that there is an insanely small amount of apps you can install because although you can move some of it to the sd card, it still takes up room on the internal memory. As do  the running of some apps. So basically you have to constantly remove apps everytime one of the essentials has an upgrade. Also I can't send or receive pic messages ever. If you don't mind buying a new phone in about a year, go ahead buy this one. But this phone has a shelf life of 1 year.

I bought this phone 3 days ago and I have had NO PROBLEMS with it.  I dont know what kind of coverage you may have but I have gone 4g with this phone although it is not advertized.  It has done everything it says and even more.  Skip the Intercept and get THIS PHONE as your pre-paid device.  It is well beyond "worth it", its even BETTER!!!

This is my first cell phone ever, and is also my first Amazon review ever. I am a teen who only gets about $60 a month for working a job, and has always wanted an Android cell phone, especially for developing apps. All phones from carriers other than Virgin Mobile were way too pricey for my budget, so I decided to get the Optimus V from Virgin Mobile.I got the Optimus V for the $150 promotion at Radio Shack, a great deal, especially since it's off contract. The plans are absolutely amazing; $25 a month for 300 minutes and unlimited texting and 3G data. A similar phone on Sprint -- whose network this phone runs on -- would cost at least $80 a month for 400 minutes. I took my phone home, and was happy for the first few days. I was loving the stock Android 2.2, hating the skins put on other phones. Build quality is great, with one exeption: the soft-plastic battery cover -- it add a cheap feeling to an otherwise solid phone. The 3.2 megapixel camera is -- well, it's a cellphone camera. Pictures were sharper in daylight, but once indoors, thing can become a blurry mess if you don't have a steady hand. Data speeds were average for 3G, and I could get about 600-800 Kb/second download. Then, the data issues struck.3G data would work maybe half the time. I could always get signal -- it was just that data was simply not working. The issues went away for a while, then they came back. Even when we took our trip to Hawaii, the data wasn't working there. I thought it was a problem with my software; I formatted my SD card and did a factory reset, but it didn't help. I looked around on some forums and I found that there were problems with VM's network. I decided I would just tough it out for a while.I also noticed that a few small scratches appeared on my screen. I absolutely hate even the tiniest scratches, so I ran over to my local mall and got an InvisibleShield for my phone.Finally, the 3G issues resolved. I could get reliable data service, now. I experimented with rooting and installed CyanogenMod 7 with Gingerbread on it and overclocked to 806 MHz; it ran as smooth as an iPhone 4. I could get battery life in excess of 36 hours. Then, the worst problem of them all: my headphone jack broke.No sound from media applications would come out the speakers. No keypad tones would sound. My phone thought I had a pair of headphones in it, even when I didn't. The microphone wouldn't work on anything, assuming that I had a microphone on my nonexistant headset. However, on the flip side, sound would not come out the earpiece when making a call; it would only come out through the speaker. I was forced to always use headphones for about a week, and I had to accept every call on speakerphone. I tried every solution to try and fix it, hoping there was simply a stuck trigger or something. I jammed toothpicks, Q-tips, other headphones, and even WD-40 in there, but with no luck. Again, I tried a factory reset and SD card format, but no help. Finally, I had enough. I sent it in for repairs though LG -- a horrible ordeal -- and have yet to get it back.EDIT: I finally got my phone back from LG after 11 days. The headphone jack problem was fixed. Had no problem reactivating it. However, I was extremely dissapointed to find that my InvisibleShield was removed. This really frustrated me because I payed $15 for it, and there was most likely no need to remove it. I checked to make sure it was the same phone and that they had not just sent me a refurbished phone; the S/N and the MEID were the same as when I sent it in. Lame, LG!Pros:1. Extremely affordable plans2. Cheap3. Stock Android 2.24. Easy to root5. Fast for only a 600 MHz processor6. Great build quality7. Good battery lifeNeutral:1. Small; with a 3.2 inch screen, you may see it as too small, or easily pocketable.2. Runs on Sprint; I find no problems with Sprint coverage in my area, but your results may vary.3. Battery life; many had problems with cell standby eating up all their battery. I had that problem too, until I installed a custom ROM. It seems to be a software problem.Cons:1. Virgin Mobile support SUCKS; That's all I can say for it2. Camera is noisy and not good indoors3. Can be laggy at times4. Data issues may bug you5. Headphone jack seems to break easy; get a case that protects it, such as the OtterBox Commuter

Very happy with this reasonably priced Android phone...AND with the service provided by Virgin Mobile!!!  Don't need a phone to be on it CONSTANTLY...but love the service range, the keypad options, voice commands, internet service is great, the screen is easy to read/use, pictures and picture-taking quality is excellent as well.  I use this phone a lot but I do not live by it or through it...so if you want that, you may want a larger scale/ability phone.  This phone does everything I want/need and I'm very happy with it!!!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED both the phone AND the plan.

don't buy it if you are expecting to keep up with the modern age.the android system is 2. something so there are a lot of apps you won't be able to use.secondly the screen is too small which makes it hard to see and text.it's worth what it costs

If u get service where u live and I don't it's the cheapest android prepaid plan it is. I needed up using my pen as an MP3 player or on wifi . It rarely freezes up I've had it bout a year n it still work well

As good as any other android 3g phone BUT:1. bad button placement- I find myself constantly raising and lowering volume because that is where my grip is when I hold the phone to press the top on/off switch to close the screen (rather than wait for the time-out).2. Power Control Widgit- the concept is great! However, despite the fact that I keep the bluetooth button lit, the phone doesn't automatically connect to my car (the mytouch did!)3. in-call sound is AWFUL! I've tried lowering the volume and raising the volume but I find myself using the speaker function (which seems to be a SLIGHT improvement) more than I'd like.

The phone works great and I love that there is not a contract required. The shipment and phone worked out just as described.

The phone is great as well as the service from Virgin Mobile.I had been on a candy bar phone with boost only paying $20 every 2 months to replenish minutes, so I don't talk much on phone calls.I wanted a smart phone to run apps and connect to the web.  I wasn't sure at first but after using it from Baltimore Inner Harbor to just outside of the state parks in Pennsylvania, I am amazed.The screen isn't that big but for the price it is does what I want. I use the data, which is unlimited more than the phone.I thought some of the apps may not be as good on this size phone but they work great from the Koi Pond to Google sky.

Granted this is my first smart phone, so my opinion probably isn't worth much to those who have a lot of experience with such devices, however for those who are considering buying their first smart phone may find this useful.I've been with Virgin mobile for awhile now, so I'm lucky enough to still get the $25 plan, which is why I signed up with them in the first place. My wife recently got an Iphone so I started looking into getting a smart phone for myself. I looked around and decided to stick with Virgin, and found this phone. So I bought it, and within minutes of taking it out of the box had it up and running.What I like about it is, I can use Pandora, I Heart Radio, and Amazon Cloud drive from the phone. Surfing the net is fairly easy on wi-fi,it is a bit sluggish on 3g, but from what I understand that is the nature of 3g. I also downloaded the bar code reader and enjoy goofing around with that.The cons are the keyboard takes some getting used too, and sometimes market will say that an app is compatible with my phone, but it turns out not to be, luckily that is pretty rare so I can't complain much.Overall if you want a phone that has android capability, but is not the most powerful phone out there, this is a good phone to start off with. If you want all the bells and whistles find a more expensive phone that has them.

Great basic phone...voice search, PDA Net, apps, navigation, and with Virgin service I AM SAVING OVER $60 A MONTH compared to my Verizon plan. I LOVE Virgin mobile service...I get a great signal and I live in the boonies...it's the only service that will work here (except Sprint, also $$$$'s). I am a Virgin Mobile customer for life!

This is a pretty good starter phone. It is running an older version of Android - 2.2, but it does a good job of texting and making calls.

This is a great phone but I work in a noisy area and the ringer just isn't loud enough. I use the vibrator along with the ringer but still miss some calls.

I had this for for over two years and it served me well. It is a good introductory smartphone, doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles but does have the basics. It did start to get buggy and freeze up towards the end of the two years I had it, but I did abuse this phone and dropped it a lot, so that was to be expected. I once dropped it in a bowl of hot soup and it still worked except for the power button. So if you don't need a high end phone and might abuse it this should serve you well.

The phone worked great though I never did get the internet to work. Never tried to text from it. Very good price though. I'll definitely try buying from Amazon again.

At first I was on AT&T with the LG Prime (I love LG). Then I found this phone and was like might as well get it Virgin Mobile has cheap plans and great 3G deals. I never thought this phone would completely kick AT&T out the door the speed boost from Edge to 3G was just amazing. I had trouble at first because I purchased my phone at RadioShack (which then they offered me a whole bunch of crap so I just got a bodyglove case) They activated it for me. Turns out when I got home the phone itself didn't know it was activated but by 9 o'clock it was up and running on 3G sadly my neighborhood is a twilight zone for all phone providers except Verizon and AT&T but I thankfully have wifi and combine that with the occasional bar to 3 bars and its OK. I love to make phones my own so I currently have downloaded LauncherPRO to give it a 3D feel with Froyo and Advanced Task Killer (it has a widget which saves going into the menu time) At the most I get 300 mb of RAM all to myself but Android annoys me with opening apps in the background which have nothing to do with what I'm currently doing or want to do. But the appstore is amazing and pretty much all apps can work on this phone because of it's beutiful resolution that works with a screen it's size. I used to love swype but it's keyboard looks kind of weird and hard to type on if I didn't want to swype so I know use the stock Android Keyboard with auto correct and auto complete on saves me time going back on minor mistakes even with the responsive precise screen (I have chunky thumbs) Overall it's a perfect phone for me after a year or so I might upgrade to the Motorola Triumph or whatever new phone they might have then but no point now since I've ony had the phne for 2 weeks. Pros- Stock Android 2.2, Andorid market, 512mb of ram, GPU, 3G, App compatibility, multi-touch. Cons- slows during and after heavy proccesing load (to the point of freezing), low battery life, the 4 keys on front feel as if they might fall off, 3.2 mp camera (no hd) overall I would recommend this to ANYONE!!!

Now this is one nice smart phone for using with basic Virgin Mobile service.  It has 90% or more of the goodies as the Samsung Galaxy Nexus that I use, but with a cleaner / less bloat-ware interface. I like it.  The 3G data is fast enough, it comes with a memory card, and audio sound quality of voice calls is just fine.  Signal sensitivity on Sprint's system is adequate in the cities and along highways; but for boonies ... Verizon's coverage is significantly better.  This LG Optimus does all internet, e-mail, texting, and pictures.  (pretty fast)  LG phone meets our needs and can keep basic $25 monthly Top Up Service  "without"  having to increase monthly access charges. I think it's an excellent value for Virgin Mobile.

I've had this phone now for over a month, and no problems! It does take a little getting used to, especially if you're like me and have never had a touchscreen before. I had it mastered within a week. I've loaded it down with music, pictures and videos and it still runs my games and everything just fine. The camera is amazing - the pictures are almost as good as my brand new digital camera! It even improved the pictures I transferred from my old phone. The Internet is fast, the applications run smoothly, no complaints there. I truly do love everything about this phone, except the battery life. I have to charge it every night, since after a day's average use it has 10% or less battery, probably due to everything I'm running on it.Overall, great phone. Definitely worth it for the price.

The power button on this phone stopped working about four months after I bought it. If my battery went flat, I could not turn the phone on again without plugging in the power cord, waiting for the LG splash screen to start, then immediately unplugging the phone. The battery life is also very short and the phone got very hot for some reason. After doing the research I should have done before I bought this phone, I found that it's a common problem.

I bought this phone for my son for xmas, after he destroyed numerous other phones.LOLHe absolutly loves it, it is capable of keeping up with the high paced life of a teenager.would recomend this to my friends.

The phone is glitchy and some of the glitches are really irritating.  For example, sometimes I'll be looking carefully for a particular contact when all of a sudden it will misinterpret a gesture fly down to the to the bottom of the contact list and I'll need to start over.This phone has SEVERE issues with storage, and when you run out, you can't receive texts anymore until you uninstall something.  I think it maxed out when I downloaded/installed around 5 apps.  I've tried a factory reset.  Same problem.The only good thing I've noticed about this phone is that it gets unusually good reception when compared to other phones.  It's also on the small side, which can be good if you keep it in your pocket.

And this is a big BUT for me...the internal memory is sooooo small (179 MB). The descriptions I've read on this phone conveniently fail to mention the small internal memory. This is my first smartphone and in this day and age it just never occurred to me that this would be an issue, considering how people do everything on their phones these days and especially since you can get an SD card--which I did.  As a newbie, what I didn't know was that you can't put everything on the SD card. There are many applications that force you to store them on the internal memory. So I have found myself constantly having to delete applications because I keep running out of space. It is incredibly frustrating for many reasons, including the fact that I can't get email, text messages, or dial the phone easily when the memory is full. (In fact, today I missed an important message for this very reason).Going to web pages can be painfully slow as well--it sometimes reminds me of being on dialup. However, I do appreciate being able to do all this on my phone. Aside from these two issues, I otherwise really like this phone (or maybe it is more accurate to say I really like Android, the swype keyboard, and the apps I have downloaded). The camcorder is descent. The camera is ok in a pinch--the quality is not great and the zoom is not useful. It certainly can't, as I hoped, replace my digital camera (which is at least 7 years old). I guess there's a trade off when you have these all-in-one devices.But it seems to me I will eventually need to "root" my phone and do some things that other reviewers have mentioned to resolve the space and speed issues. I am giving the phone 3 stars for this reason. I shouldn't have to hack and tinker with the phone (or in my case get someone to hack and tinker with it for me) to that extent to get it to perform better. I paid a lot more than 90-something dollars for this phone (although the virgin mobile plan was cheaper back then so, that makes up for it I guess).So before settling on this phone, see if there is another one that also gives you more internal memory and better performance when accessing the web. And maybe a better camera if you will be using that feature a lot.

For the price, this was a way better phone than I expected. The battery life isn't great but otherwise no complaints.

I'd like to share my experience... it might be helpful for someone.When I received the phone from Amazon I noticed that people couldn't hear me very well, they said that my voice was very low and with noise around.So I called the technical customer support from Virgin and they recommended to exchange that phone. The problem was that I transferred my number from another company and I had to wait another week to receive a new one which would let me uncommunicated for several days.I resolved the situation by buying the same phone the next morning in a store close by. And the people from customer care did the swap immediately which was a big relief since I had no connection only for few hours.In short words my recommendation for this phone-service is:LG Optimums V works great but buy this phone from Amazon only if you are going to get a new number and you are willing to wait few days to receive another cellphone if it comes defective.If you buy it in a store close by you can exchange it immediately if it doesn't work properly.Virgin customer care has responded to all my requests (I called them about 5 times) and they resolved my problems very quickly (as of oct-17-2011).

I paid $119 (on sale) and $25/month for UNLIMITED text, data, + 300 talk minutes.  Absolutely amazing.  After buying VM's Samsung Intercept (when it was on android 2.1) and returning it, I was hesitant, but LG really got it right on this phone.  Simple, fast, and decent battery life.The only small complaints are that the battery is slow to recharge and no Adobe Flash.  Small issues, though for such a great phone.  It almost never crashes and I haven't had any app-compatibility issues either.  I definitely recommend this product.  Unless you want to hold out for the larger screen Motorola that's on it's way, I say pull the trigger on this phone.

I'm a long-time Virgin Mobile customer, and have always elected to own very spartan phones.  My work and social life didn't require anything fancier, and the simpler phones generally held up better than my colleagues smart phones.  However, after expanding my business, it's become necessary to own an Android smartphone that enables me to conduct my everyday duties.  As well, it would be nice to own a fun handset.I did a lot of research, comparing cellular carriers in my area (particularly the Chicagoland suburbs), and it turned out Virgin Mobile - with the LG Optimus V smartphone - was just perfect for me.  Virgin Mobile, using Sprint's network as its backbone, has always provided great coverage in and around the cities and states I work in.  For service, I signed up for the $25/month service.  300 anytime talk minutes and unlimited data and text suits me just fine.  I've never gotten close to my limit.  Virgin Mobile throttles 3G data after a 2GB cap, but I've never gotten close to that (I rely on encrypted wi-fi in most of my offices).  As a Virgin Mobile customer for years, and I've always been pleased with their cellular service, and their customer service.  I'm paying less than most of my friends, however I feel I get comparable service - sometimes even better service (especially the poor souls with AT&T;, who can't get a dependable signal in the Chicago Loop area).  The 3G download and upload speeds are comparable to other 3G service in my area.  I average 2000 kb/s, at home, and get even faster speeds in downtown Chicago.  An added bonus with Virgin Mobile's no-contract service, is that I'm not locked into some draconian service plan.  Nice!My roommate and several of my pals have the T-Mobile G2X (a.k.a., the Optimus 2X), and the Optimus V compares quite favorably.  While the more-expensive G2X has a nicer camera, LED flash bulb, a slightly nicer screen, more internal memory and a faster CPU...  Truthfully, I think the Optimus V is only just slightly less awesome than the G2X.  And, in the areas where the Optimus V are weaker, they really don't faze me.  I don't need a powerhouse phone - but even when I'm playing games or editing photos, I feel like the Qualcomm 600 MHz CPU holds up just fine.  It's still the most powerful phone I've owned, and is no slouch against other same-generation smartphones I've used.The Optimus V and very open Android Froyo 2.2.1 OS, really does suit my needs quite perfectly.  I can run the latest builds of Opera Mobile, TeamViewer (remote control software), Square with the little credit card reader, Hulu Plus, Netflix movies, Avast Antivirus, MyBackup Pro, Facebook, Cerberus (tracking software), PDF and e-book reader, Springpad, RadioReference Scanner Radio, Groundspeak geocaching app, MortPlayer multi-format music player, Zedge, multi-format QQPlayer for videos, WiGLE war driving, and many other apps - including the occasional game and augmented reality apps.  Additional perks are Google Suite integration, Gmail, Google Contact, Google Calendar, YouTube videos, Google Maps, and Google GPS Navigation.  The Android operating systems makes it super-easy to customize.  Custom wallpapers, ringtones, alarm clocks, animated screen savers, advanced launchers, custom security lockout screens and more are available online.  There really isn't any part of this phone I can't customize to my liking, WITHOUT having to root it (which I hear is fairly easy).It's a fine form factor - 113.5 mm (4.47 in) tall, 59 mm (2.3 in) wide, and 13.3 mm (0.52 in) thick.  With the stock 1500 mAh battery, it weighs a comfortable 129 g (4.6 oz).  The battery life is a little better than the G2X under similar usage, and there are higher-capacity batteries available.  As well, there are a ton of accessories available for the Optimus V.  With a little shopping around, I found numerous cases, screen protection, charges, data cables - all for super cheap.  I added in a 32GB micro SDHC card, and it instantly recognized it.  Connected to my computer, via USB micro cable, it was instantly recognized and mounted on Windows XP, Vista, and Win7.  After months of daily usage, after loading a myriad of apps, I haven't had any major crashes.  The touchscreen is very precise and sensitive, allowing for complex actions and quick typing (I've since started using Swype).  The speakers and mic are pretty good, with no complaints about call quality.  The voice recognition works really well, either with the built in microphone or using a headset.  The external jack works fine, though I only use it for the Square card reader.  For hands free, I use a Bluetooth headset - all of which, I was able to easily pair up.  All of the buttons are sturdy, and offer a satisfying click when pressed.  After months of use, the buttons still feel good as new.  The camera isn't too shabby in adequate light, either, with automatic geotagging.  Video recording is also quite good, for a phone.  A feature that comes in real handy, is that you can use the phone as a mobile hotspot, with the use of a free app.  This really is a well-designed handset, and never seems to freeze or crash, after months of extensive use.Am I the envy of owners of Apple iHype products or state-of-the-art Android handsets?  Doubt it.  Virgin Mobile may not be the sexiest of service providers, and the LG Optimus V isn't the most vogue handset.  Do I care?  Heck no!  Honestly, I'm PROUD to own a phone that is reasonably powerful, stable, energy efficient, and bargain priced.  I feel the Virgin Mobile Optimus V is the killer bargain of its generation, and will serve most folks quite well - without costing them a fortune.

The product is okay, but the service is not up to par.Phone is sturdy, but to prevent accidental damage from drop, it is best to get a cover.  The buttons are responsive.  Touch screen works as expected.Virgin Mobile uses Sprint circuits.  Data connection on this phone is over 3G, so don't expect 4G speed.Coverage in my area is acceptable.  Volume and clarity meets my need.For those who are signing up for limited minutes, be warned that Virgin Mobile charges for unanswered calls.  If inbound calls are forwarded to your voicemail, you will be charged for those calls.  If you have many voicemail calls, they will add up.  I do not know of any other cellular providers with this practice, thus, I have doubts about Virgin Mobile's business morals.  Of course, if you have unlimited minutes, this won't matter.Android OS version 2.2.1, Froyo, is loaded from factory.  The phone can be upgraded to Android 2.3.4, Gingerbread.  Performance is much better and more features are available on Gingerbread.

First Time droid buyer/user and outside of the quick dying battery {which is somewhat resolved using a battery health aid app} this is an awesome phone. Living in a hard to get a signal area, the WiFi is a true saver for us!Only advice is keep the charging materials nearby, especially if traveling.Update : After a couple days, the phone locked up completely {no fault of seller}. After getting in touch with this seller {not Amazon} and explaining what was happening with the phone, they offered to send a brand new one at no charge and return postage of the original was taken care of by them as well. After 2 days, We received the new phone! I can't stress how awesome these people are. I Thank You Very Much once again. =v}

This phone is a piece of junk. The 3G connection constantly disappears, and you have to put it in airplane mode, and then go out of airplane mode to get it to return. About 6 months after I bought it, it stopped connecting to my computer, and I have to push the cord up hard in order to get it to charge. Unfortunately these seem to be common problems with this phone. When I asked their customer service to replace the phone, they would only offer to have me send it to them at my expense to repair it, and couldn't tell me how long it would take or if there would be a charge. When I explained to them that this was not a viable solution since this is my only phone and I have a 90 year old father in poor health, they would not budge, even though they know these problems are widespread. I would avoid this phone at all costs.

I ordered this phone for my youngest son and then my oldest wanted it.  Its a great phone and it came so quick in the mail!

The Internet on The Android stopped working! Going back to Verizon Wireless! Kept getting lost calls on TheLG Android!

This phone is a lot better than I expected and I'm very glad I bought it. The battery life isn't so great, so I just make sure to charge it every night. It also comes with an adapter to charge right from your computer and a set of earbuds too, which was a pleasant surprise. Oh and if you're shopping around to find the least expensive one, Amazon definitely has the cheapest :)

Hard to imagine a better value package in a midrange smartphone.  It replaced my old AT&T; gophone when I started making more calls and wanted better minutes pricing and features.Unless you have a simple prepaid phone that you only use for 911 or other rare occasions, you should get this phone!  300 minutes plus GPS, unlimited web and texting for $25/month simply blows away the prepaid competition!That being said, there are a few cons:No Flash support for this device, which is kind of a drag.  There is an included Youtube app which is fairly decent, though.The supplied touchscreen keyboard has impossibly small, closely-spaced keys that result in frequent mistyping and backspacing.  I replaced it with the Swiftkey app which has better key spacing and also intelligently predicts your next word for quicker typing.This phone can be a bit slippery in the hand.  An inexpensive silicone sleeve can address this.  Also, the touch screen is plastic and not glass - this means it may be less likely to shatter on impact, but is probably not as hard as glass. A stick-on screen protector can help prevent possible surface wear.As others have mentioned, battery life is way less then with just about any non-smartphone.  My gophone went about a week between charges with light use.  This phone gets a lot more use (since it can do so much more) and I find myself charging it at least once a day, sometimes twice.  At work I sometimes keep it charging on my laptop USB port when I'm at my desk.Free apps such as JuiceDefender can help improve battery life.Still, when you first get this you will be playing with it a lot!  Keep an eye on the charge level so you still have a working phone... ;)Here's hoping that a savvy manufacturer will come out with a double-capacity battery for this little gem - they could sell a lot!Screen is on the smallish side, and if you need reading glasses then this phone may not be for you. Web pages not designed for small screens will require a LOT of horizontal and vertical scrolling, which I find annoying.A really sharp browser app ought to be able to reformat and resize the screen contents on-the-fly to make it more readable without scrolling in all directions.  Perhaps we will be seeing this browser on the market - I would pay for such an app.Fortunately, for now, popular web sites such as Facebook and Gmail have their own apps which make for a much more user-friendly experience.You can add up to 32 Gigs of memory on a Micro SD chip (2G supplied).On the down side, "all memory is not alike".  Many apps can only live on the built-in memory chip.  Apps such as "App 2 SD" can offload some (but not all) apps to the SD chip.  Each moved app still leaves some amount of code behind on the built-in memory.In my first week, I downloaded so many free apps that I had to delete some in order to add new ones.  As a fairly new user, it's not clear to me how to save/restore a deleted app from backup. If you delete a paid app, it looks like you might need to buy it all over again if you ever want it back.Don't know if these memory limits apply to fancier phones or not.  Just something to be aware of - don't spend a bundle on a new SD chip thinking it works the same as, say, disk space on a desktop.  It doesn't work the same way.Other than these annoyances, I'm glad to have this little gadget and will probably upgrade to the next gen of the Optimus, especially if these issues get addressed.

I got this phone when I switched my phone plan from AT&T; to Virgin Mobile ( I switched because Virgin Mobile offered a much cheaper plan, goodbye iPhone :( )I bought the LG Optimus phone because of the reasonable price and fairly positive reviews on Amazon.After about 1-2 months of use, the phone started to go crazy:* The phone battery would die in a relatively short period of time* When charging the phone, the phone would sometimes stop charging completely or only charge up to 85% battery and then stop* When plugging/un-plugging the battery charger, the phone would reset itself*The phone resets itself in the middle of a phone call, text message, or web browsingI tried returning the phone, but it was already past the initial return period -- and I would have to contact LG directly for any sort of help.I searched the web and found several forums discussing the problems associated with this phone and the very similar one that is offered with Sprint.I talked about my problems with 2 other friends and friends of friends who also have this phone and they have the same exact problems!One of the solutions was to do a hard factory reset for the phone.  I tried this and the phone started to work again for a couple of weeks.However, the problems started happening again!I absolutely give up on this phone.Also, the phone's audio jack sucks.  Do not use this phone if you plan on listening to music or streaming radio/podcasts.  The audio is soooooo weak and it really drains the already ridiculously short battery life.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  I REPEAT, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

I think this is phone is awesome.  I recieved my package in record time.  I am very pleased with my purchase.

I purchased this phone over a year ago and am still using this phone.  I use the Virgin Mobile plan, and was happy with this phone.  It was simple to activate, came with everything stated in the description.  At this time a year later even though its a 3G phone, I am happy and very satisfied with my phone.  It was also much cheaper to purchase this phone on Amazon, then buying it direct on Virgin Mobile.  Definitely a great deal and great product.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE TO REPLACE A PHONE ON A HIGH PRICE PLAN BUT THE  SIGNAL FROM SPRINT WAS WEAK IN MY AREA SO I COULD NOT USE IT.

This is probably my favorite phone that I've ever had. For me personally this phones only issue is memory and obviously that can be fixed with San Disk. Update sometimes the 3G web speed goes out on my phone.this can be fixed with turning phone off. Then turning back on and airplane mode for a minute or 2. Also keep web history and cache emptied regularly.

I saw the optimus prepaid Android phone(carrier Virgin mobile) on a shopping channel. I brought it at Best Buy--online. It was easy to setup and even through they give you this thick instruction book you don't need to use it.  I have had the phone for a year and it has issues. First you have to get a google acct to use the apps even if you dont't want a google acct.sound isn't the best--hard to hear phone calls.  Second the phone deletes apps.Third the SD card does not hold much memory and after you have downloaded 13 apps you can't download anymore.  I thought this would be the right phone for me since i don't text much but it's not Going back to att gophone.

I picked this up to replace my Net10 cell. I find myself texting more and more, talking less and less. My wife has an iPhone, which is terrific, but my needs are considerably less.I should mention that I really enjoy the iOS devices. I have had a couple of android devices, and thought they were clunky, but things have matured a bit, and the VM Optimus is a decent way to check out what's available. I am really pleased that for a relatively cheap price I can dabble in the smartphone world without much reservation. Not worrying about the data plan is a lovely part of this deal.I haven't had any trouble with memory issues. I did pick up App2SD which moves many apps to the SD card. Generally I am satisfied with the music and navigation apps. Podkicker seems to do a good job for subscriptions. And so you have the Android world: on iOS, iTunes is pretty much a clearing house for everything that goes on a device. On android, you might have several apps to achieve the same thing. It's not a bad thing, just different, and takes a little more work.As for the phone, it is a nice size for me, though I absolute suck at typing on it - the screen is slightly less than really responsive. The phone is light, feels just a bit cheap. The screen is OK for video podcasts. Video looks OK, a bit oversaturated and standard def-ish, but absolutely fine and smooth. The music chip seems fine to me. I use Doubletwist or just drag and drop to sync iTunes playlists.The camera is OK. I do like having it for barcode scanning, which works very well.Probably the most processor intensive thing I've been using it for is VNC (Mocha) and though the screen is small, the rendering is fine.Picks up the LAN just fine.Not the phone's fault, but Sprint's network just bites. Where I live in upstate NY, Verizon is about the only carrier reaching into the Adirondacks. On the Net10 crap-phone I can get a signal most of the way through the mountains. With the Optimus, there is no cell or data signal at all. Not sure yet if this is a dealbreaker.All in all, this is a fun phone that does plenty of what you might want from an iPhone or more advanced Android device, for a whole lot less.Update: It's been a couple of months now, so there are a couple of updates. I had some trouble porting my old number over. Though it took a little time with Virgin Mobile agents, they were very helpful, got it done, and gave me a free month of service to boot for the inconvenience.Battery life is bad - I had a couple of trips that were a little more intensive on my phone needs, and maybe I got 6 hours out of the thing. Recently I ordered this:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004KW14AE/ref=oh_o01_s00_i00_details and now seem to get 2 good days out of the phone with moderate to light use of data and voice. Not bad for 12 bucks.Voice quality is good.3G just stops working fairly often, even in solid delivery areas. This is annoying and either requires a reboot, or, and this seems to work most of the time, going in and out of airplane mode.I don't install a lot of apps, but of course the apps update themselves, and I finally got one of those low memory warnings. I use App2SD, but as you know, this doesn't work for everything, and it is stupid that I can't move off bloatware like Twidroyd and Scavenger. At some point I am sure I will root the phone and get rid of or move those programs.

Bought this to use as a test platform for Android apps without needing service or a contract.  It functionally works.  The only complaint I have is the slowness of its processor compared with other phone's I've tested.

i have had the same phone for the past six years and after five of those i had to order this one i think its a great phone and i personally love it and i plan on having it for six more years

I bought this as a gift for someone. Price was good and it was delivered on time. She is still using it so it must be a good product.

was bought for daughter to replace her old one that stop working. She was very delighted that I was able to get her one.

It will sometimes works and sometimes won't work at all what I mean is the 3g response very slow 3g I try to go on YouTube and sometimes it works and sometimes the 3g won't respond I got this phone at best buy thinking it would be a good phone but it turned out not to be a good phone  I factory reset the phone its still slow I'm returning it since I have a 2 year warranty hopefully I could get my money back calling sounds crappy but the good thing about this phone it has swipe and it comes with some useful apps I rate it 2 stars its ok

Bought this phone for my daughters birthday and she just loves it.  It's fast and the touch screen is very receptive.  I would recommend this phone to everyone.

I've had free phones that work better than this one. I paid 80 bucks for mine and it's still not worth it. It freezes all the time, crashes and shuts off without warning, it hates app s of all sizes and types. Its got an okay camera and I like the "swype" thing but I really wish I would have gotten the one that was a little more.

I have had this phone for several months now and love it. I read reviews on the virgin mobile site and have had none of the problems mentioned there. The battery life is fairly short but that's because of all the apps running, if you get task killer from the market it helps keep the battery charged longer

I have this phone now for over a year and I just don't like it. First, the internal storage of the phone is so tiny that after installing of app. 10 Apps the phone is running low on space- when this happens you can not even recieve text messages and the phone is running very slow.Second, it comes with all those preinstalled apps. I don't want them and I don't use. It is not possible to uninstall the preinstalled apps, unless you illegaly root your device. Besides the small internal storage, it is just not fun to do anything with this phone.Third: The keyboard is not really accurate (althought the swipe function could be nice if it would work) and during typing it always stops displaying what you are acctually typing. The battery is like in most of the other available smartphones. In the evening you have to charge it, otherwise it will die during night or if you are lucky on the next morning. My feeling is that the phonequality isn't this great, too. I am not sure if this is a problem with the device or with virgin mobile - maybe a little bit of both. In short - I can not recommend this phone and I would rather spend a little bit more money and would make a 2 year contract with t-mobile, sprint or something else. This saves you a lot of frustration.....

We have two of these VM LG Optimus V phones in the family.  The reason we bought another one was to replace one that was accidentally dropped in water. Which as everyone knows- is not healthy for any cell phone.  When it comes to the LG Optimus V's performance- we've had no problem with these phones or with the VM service.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants more than just a cell phone (to call and text).  Virgin Mobile's prepaid plans are far better than you having to guess how much internet service you will need when you sign up with any of the other major carriers.  With VM- just pick a plan and start surfing the net, use the Android Market, the GPS and the endless number of APPs available on this phone.Lastly- ordering the phone on Amazon was a good experience.  The phone arrived before its scheduled delivery date!  It was packaged well and arrived in excellent condition.

If you buy this phone to use with Virgin Mobile, prepare for a big serving of disappointment. Since this phone is used with the Virgin Mobile service, the service is a part of this product. That's why I feel that it's valid to involve this in the review for the phone. The phone itself is made and programed to be used with Virgin Mobile, so that is an actual physical part of the phone.Like it's been said by so many people on the internet, the LG Optimus V for Virgin Mobile either has extremely poor reliability when connecting to the internet or it simply can't connect at all. That is, it cannot reliably stay connected or connect in the first place using the Spring 3G network. The Optimus V I got could not connect to the internet on its own at all. The phone connected with Wi Fi, but not without it.I was not satisfied with that. The product is sold as a phone that can connect to the Sprint 3G network. Mine didn't do that. So the product I got did not function fully as it was supposed to. So I canceled my Virgin Mobile 'Beyond Talk' plan and got a refund. And I took the phone back to the store I bought it from and got a refund.If you search online about this issue, you'll see people recommend things like turning the phone off and back on, putting it on airplane mode and then off, and dismounting the SD card. I tried all of these repeatedly and the phone still never got online.I was able to make calls and do text messages. And that is all the phone could do in terms of communicating. It worked great with a Wi Fi, but I'm not satisfied with being limited to Wi Fi on a phone. The phone itself seems to perform nicely for what it is. But without the use of the 3G network, it's a very incomplete product.If you research this phone, you'll also read about the short battery life. At first, I felt that I would be okay with this. I've seen complaints of this on many products that use a rechargeable battery. But I've personally experienced a disappointingly short battery use on this phone. The charge does go down quickly on the battery that is included with the phone.PROS:-Screen looks nice-Sounds great when playing music files and using headphones-Camera is decent, although I haven't tried the video recording feature-It comes with a 2GB micro SD card-Can charge battery with a USB cable with a certain mini plug, the slim kindCONS:-Very low battery life-Mine never, ever worked on the Sprint 3G network that it was supposed to do through Virgin Mobile. Same result with many other customers of this phone.Whenever you research an electronic product and there are a lot of reviews for it on a website like Amazon, there are usually a few or more negative reviews. No matter how many good reviews there are. I'm sure there are cases when the bad reviews can almost be disregarded and the product turns out fantastic after all. But that's not the case with the LG Optimus V for Virgin Mobile. This really is an absolute problem product.Calling Virgin Mobile for tech support will be a hassle also. If you call them and keep pressing 0 for a live representative, you'll be told good bye and hung up on after the third time. That is uncalled for, tacky, and low on their part. You'll have to jump through the hoops in the automated system to get to a live person.To me, a cell phone should be able to do calls, voicemail, text messages, text messages with attachments, and internet without Wi Fi from the start of activation. No exceptions. Mine didn't perform all that it was supposed to be able to from the start, nor did it later on. So I got full refunds on the service and phone.

Even though this may be considered an "entry level smartphone", it can do pretty much all the things other smartphones like droids and iPhones can do. You have access to the great selection of apps in the android market place. The plans are great. The only issue I had at first was that the battery was dying on me really fast. These two FREE apps solved the problem very nicely.Juice Defender - I believe this app turns off battery draining issues when your screen is off but you can receive data, etc when you turn your screen back on.[...].Advanced Task Killer - [...]

love it so far; battery holds up for what i use it for; not on the web alot; not a surfer; charge battery maybe every other day; easy to text; love the pictures it takes; still figuring out what all it does; have always just used a flip phone

I've had this phone over a year now. For me it has been a reliable phone, not perfect but great for the cost.Rather than review the phone I thought I would comment on some of the issues people in other reviews have stated.1. Phone freezing - In over a year I've had the phone it froze up on me twice. I turned it off and back on and problem solved.2. Battery life - Even with reasonably heavy use, I get a full day out of the battery. I just charge it each night. The only thing I did to extend battery life was to turn off GPS tracking. It makes a significant difference.3. It's a 3G phone and web pages load reasonably slow but that also varies by location. Get a 4G phone if you want a fast internet experience.4. Small 2 gig memory card. The card can be easily replaced with a larger card cheaply. Just replace the memory with a larger card.5. Cell phone case. I ordered a rubbery cell phone case from Amazon. I think it was less than $5 and works well. I would recommend doing this for protection. I've dropped the phone plenty of times and the case has done the job it was suppose to do.It is a great starter smart phone. Recommended.

I am thrilled with this phone, and agree with all the details in the reviews above voted "Most Helpful."I found that I had no trouble using Virgin Mobil's website to enroll and port my phone number over. No need, at least now, to get on the phone with anyone. Wherever possible, I always prefer to use a company's website to handle business because then you can print out documentation from your computer as to what you requested, when, what cost was quoted, and how long it took to consummate your order. Much better than getting on a telephone to transact business, where you have no written record.Also, I don't understand the complaints about battery life. I have had cell phones since they first came out, and I have always had my battery charger on my nightstand, and plug in the cellphone every night, so that it would be available to receive any emergency call from family, etc. I did that with every cell phone I have ever owned, and I do it with my LG Optimus and therefore have no problems with battery life. Isn't this the way you operate your car? Doesn't everyone have a routine of filling their tank at regular intervals?I wonder if people who complain about not getting more than 24 hours out of their cell phone battery also drive their car until it runs out of gas in the middle of the street! ;)Anyway I love this phone and think Virgin Mobile's plan and service is terrific!

This product was awesome. I needed a smartphone and also a prepaid plan so I decided to go with this phone. Its very easy to use, affordable, and the quality surpasses the price of it! Love the many apps that the android market/playstore has. I got this back in September of 2011. The only thing I would say is, sometimes I had trouble receiving/sending picture messages, thats the only bad thing I have to say about this phone. I just now am writing a review now tho! Also the seller shipped my product sooner then i thought it would.

At First it was good. iG was working. Facebook was really good and twitter.  After 6 months, every thing went down hill. I had to keep charging it up over and over again. I'll be at work for 5 hours and my Battery is 36%... And I wont be on it. So if you get this phone good luck. Virgin Mobile don't carry this phone any more. I look on there web site and not there...soo no replacement

great phone for the price. everything works well except the battery runs out when using data services and gps (doesn't usually last more than 12 hours). arrived pretty quickly and no problem whatsoever. i would recommend this phone

This is my first smart phone and I love it.  Easy to use and virgin mobile has cheap plans to use monthly.  I am really glad I went the prepaid route and selected this phone.

I held out as long as possible but felt the need to reduce my monthly costs and at the same time pick up some useful features.  I'm not a smartphone expert, but this phone does plenty for what I need.  The virtual keypad takes some getting used to but so far it's been good.  I bought a nice case for it here on Amazon to protect it and give it some heft.I switched service from Verizon to Virgin Mobile.  All I can say is there is a big difference in coverage!  I've been in parts of the city and ...dead.  You do get what you pay for but I'm willing to live with less coverage.I highly recommend the phone.  Oh...it does need charging every day.  My old phone could go for 5 days, not this one.  Enjoy!***************UPDATEThis phone warns alot of running out of memory.  The problem is is that you can't delete the applications that came with the phone.  Downloaded applications run off the SD card.

Love the phone memory space kinda low so i purchased a 32gb sd card and now have more space then ill need. Virgins coverage kinda spotty but I can deal with it for $35 unlimited web and text. Alot of people complain about battery life but as long as u put it on airplane mode when u dont have service u can get almost 2 full days out of a full charge.

Its not the nicest, fastest, or cutting edge. what it is, is reliable, easy to root, easy to manage, and with an extraordinarily large dev community with plenty of support. miui v4 is coming to it, already close to stable, and iho cm7 of this is as stable as you get. damn good phone, with nonbuggy gps or 3g, or bluetooth. as i leave for greener pastures, i depart a damn good smartphone for my parents to use. godbye old friend, i'll never forget you. thank you for everything.

at first we were having trouble with the battery holding its power but a quick download of a battery saving application adjusted that issue.  product arrived in a timely fashion. this phone has the same perks as any more expensive android phone. definitely getting bang for your buck..

Nice phone with good, basic features that's intuitive and surprisingly fast. Unfortunately, the poor Virgin Mobile signal counters all these neat things, because it can be a bit embarrassing when you sometimes have to go outside, stand in the neighbor's backyard with dog biscuits to bride their dog just to get a good signal.

I searched for a new phone for almost a month. I wanted an android phone, and this one seemed to be the best option. So far it has not let me down. I get good 3G coverage all around town (Fayetteville NC), and haven't had any "dropped" calls yet. In fact I like this phone almost as much as my old LG Ally I had with Verizon. And I love the fact that I am only paying $45 a month (1200 minutes and unlimted text and web), compared to the $70 I was paying with Verizon. It also seems fast enough to handle running everything I like to do. I so have Task killer running, and that makes a big difference. But I can easily run Facebook app, browser, pandora, and a few other apps all at once and don't see any lag. I also like that the OS wasn't "tainted" by a bunch of "carrier software" that can't be uninstalled. There are a few shortcuts that Virgin mobile preinstalled to check account ballance and such, but over all it's a pretty clean Android OS.There are a few things that I not a fan off, but they are minor, and for the price difference I can easily learn to live with. Also most of these "issues" I knew about when I got the phone, and they weren't a real surprise. I miss having a slide out keyboard, but that was known when I got the phone. The screen is a little small compared to other Android phones on the marked, but it hasn't really been a problem, I have been able to do everything just fine with the screen size it has. The Camera isn't bad, but there is no "flash". But at 3.0MP, it takes decent looking pictures. The plug is a Micro USB (most phones are using that now) Which I am also not a fan of. It feels flimsy to me, but again it hasn't caused an issue at all.... just my personal preference. My actual biggest complaint, that did suprise me, and I miss is there is no LED on the phone. so once the screen locks, you can't tell if you have a new message or anything unless you unlock it. Again, it's a minor problem, but one I figured every one should know about.Overall, I am glad I got this phone. It's not perfect, but it's fairly cheap, there is no contract, and the plans and service seem good so far. I would recommend this to anyone that wants a good cheap smartphone.Pros: very inexpensive, Compact size, Runs good, If using "Task Killer" and not leaving GPS and WIFI on all the time, the battery last amazingly  long for a smartphone.Cons: No LED, No flash for Camera, power plug feels flimsy

The VM Optimus V is my first smartphone.  I got one after seeing other people use the same phone on the Sprint network, and being impressed by it.My old phone was a no-frills clamshell, the LG VX3850, on Verizon Wireless.  The difference in functionality-to-price ratio between the old phone and the Optimus V is night and day.  Unfortunately, so is the difference in reliability.  The Verizon phone never let me down even once, even when it broke at the clamshell hinge.  The Virgin Mobile phone loses it's data connection every few days, it seems like, and I've seen the drop last for 48 hours at a time.Google the phrase "time without signal" and "Optimus V" and you'll see a large number of references to the problem from around the country.  There are a variety of suggested workarounds posted on various message boards, like toggling airplane mode, rebooting the phone, and changing settings on the test menu, but in my case, none of them really helped.  When I emailed VM about the problems I was having, they took 3 days to respond, and acknowledged that there was a problem with their network.You can check your phone's time w/o signal status in the battery usage menu under the about phone menu in system settings.  In my case, the number generally hovers around 50%.So keep this in mind if you're going to buy this phone.  It will only be functional about 50% of the time.  I'm still leaning towards keeping the VM phone and porting my old Verizon number to it, because the features and price are still attractive.Battery life typically lasts me a day and a half, with the use of a battery saving app, and about 12 hours without an app installed.  GPS works very well with Google maps and navigator apps.  There's even a Quick Settings app which enables you to toggle on the phone's wifi hotspot feature, thus allowing you to tether other devices to it and access the internet through the phone's 3g connection.Every now and then a text message I sent will be delivered to the other party a day or two late.  I'm not sure what the excuse is for this, because sms messages are sent over the voice network, as I understand it.I have reconciled myself to the idea that this phone is really only meant for light use, as I have other communications options available to me for most of the day.  If this were my only option, and I used the phone all day long, it simply would not be enough.However, as a portable wifi/gps-enabled device, it's really not a bad deal, provided you find it for the standard $150 retail price.  I also own an Archos 70it, and I think the Optimus is the better designed, more useable device.  Any Android tablet that is more functional than the Optimus is going to cost close to $300 at this point in time.  Any better Android smartphone is going to require a 2 year service contract.Even if you don't want to use Virgin Mobile's crappy phone service, the device is still useful for browsing and gps mapping.I haven't decided yet whether I want to stick with Verizon and return this phone to Radio Shack, but if I went that route, I would probably opt to upgrade to Verizon's equivalent of the Optimus.

I switched over from my iPhone 3G to this phone since I was out of my contract and I was tired of mailing $80 to ATT every month. The service has been working fine. The phone itself is significantly faster and more feature-rich than my jailbroken 3G ever was. It's also lighter, and slightly smaller. There are 2 drawbacks that I can think of: 1. I had to get used to the swype keyboard, as I had previously been accustomed to the iOS autocorrect. This took a bit of practice. 2. There is no native screengrab function for some reason. These are minor problems and they are significantly outweighed by the (in my opinion) much more user-friendly and tweakable Android OS and other great features. Plus, I am saving a good $50 per month here.A few weeks after I switched, my wife also switched over. She is not one to mess around with tweaks and settings. She loves this phone as much as I do. She was also coming from an iPhone 3G. We both wish we'd done this months ago when our iPhone contracts first expired.

I'm buying 3 more to be used as IP cameras for security.  With the free IP Camera app with android it's easily $100 less than a dedicated IP camera!

I am usually very pleased with LG products, but not at all with this phone. I purchased the phone in February 2012 and I am already having issues with the battery. I will charge it fully overnight just to have the battery go dead before the end of the day. I have turned off anything that may take extra battery power, like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, but it doesn't make a difference.I would have ordered a new battery, but I have had more horrendous problems with auto-correct in texting and with Swype, as well as with the system freezing up on me. I was using an 8G micro SD card in this phone and had a very limited number of photos and songs on my phone. I am glad I didn't pay full price for it.Reception was very bad at times and my calls would drop often. This may have to do with the network, so I will not discount that here. I am still with Virgin Mobile but have an HTC phone now. I can already tell how the HTC is way above-and-beyond the quality of the LG Optimas V.I was planning on donating this phone to an organization that sends phones to deployed military personnel, but I don't think I want to irritate a soldier by providing them with a poor phone.

Although this phone is described as "pre-paid" it requires a standard phone plan.  Additional minutes can be purchased on "top-up" cards but a $35 minimum monthly plan is required.

There is not much phone memory on this.  One might not think that would be a problem with expandable memory cards.  However, most of the apps that I used gave no choice as to phone memory or expandable memory.  The phone memory  got used up quickly and didn't hold much.  It also freezes up a lot.  This is a 3G phone.

I bought this phone in order to get away from AT&T and its ridiculously expensive cellphone plans. I jumped to Virgin Mobile and got unlimited text and data and 1200 voice minutes for $45 a month. MUCH better than the $100+ under the likes of AT&T, Verizon and Sprint. This is my first real smartphone (been using somewhat dumb flip phones before this) and it does everything I want; email, text, web browsing, and, of course, phone calls.

This CDMA smartphone is notable for including a mobile hotspot feature that lets nearby Wi-Fi devices share the phone's Internet connection. Other features are par for Android phones, including EVDO Rev. A 3G data, turn-by-turn GPS navigation, 3-megapixel camera, video capture, 3.5mm audio jack, and memory card slot.Weight- 4.6 oz (130 g)Dimensions- 4.47" x 2.32" x 0.52"  (114 x 59 x 13.2 mm)Battery  Talk: 5 hours max.  (300 minutes)Standby: 1500 mAh LiIon, RemovableDisplay  Type: LCD (Color TFT/TFD)Resolution: 320 x 480 pixels3.2"  diagonalColors: 16.7 million (24-bit)OS / Platform Androidversion 2.2MemoryProcessor- 600 MHz Qualcomm S1 MSM7627140 MB internal storage, available to userbut in my defense for this phone is great for the price i seen crappy ones for higher price this phone rarely frezzes on me and responds quick so if your looking for a monthly bill like less than $30 then this is perfect!

The phone hardware is pretty good.  However, the version of Android that they have on it is older, and there is a newer version that other carriers have for the same phone that Version hasn't pushed out.  The biggest problem you'll run into with it is that the version of Swype is old, and it has random words in its dictionary that if you hit them it will pop up a message sayig you found the magic word and how to handle it if you didn't want to.  The only thing you can do at that point is exit the edit box and go back in.  There isn't a way to turn it off without the upgrade.The battery life is pretty lousy.  I can get about 30 hours out of it.  But that seems to be pretty typical for non-Blackberry smart phones.I had Virgin Mobile years ago, and it was pretty useless in the Atlanta area (a lot of messages about the network being busy so I couldn't make calls).  The service now is a lot better and I haven't had problems with it even when traveling.

Just got put new phones on Tuesday and so far we quite impressed. We just got out of verzion  (saving 50 bucks a month).  The phone is very responsive, the volume is good quality and the size is perfect. I do wish it had a better camera but over all great phone!

I ordered the LG Optimus V in February... I have been using it up until just a few days ago. Not due to issues - just because I wanted an upgrade. My mom actually bought it off of me, and my dad bought my Rumor Touch from me. So, I ordered the Optimus Slider. It'll be here tomorrow. I'm sooo excited! I'll post a review ASAP.Well, I bought this phone because I wanted an upgrade from the Rumor Touch & I reaaaally wanted an Android. The phone itself is not all that bad. If you are used to slide out keyboards, it'll take some getting used to. I'm not a huge fan of the STRICTLY virtual keyboards. It's a little hard to type on. The phone also freezes from time to time. I'd have to take the battery out and restart it. Sometimes the lock screen would freeze, or the home screen. The battery also dies quickly - especially when you use an app or talk on the phone. Other than that, it's a decent phone, and a great starter Android. Can't beat 35 bucks per month for an android.The camera is fair. I also like the fact that your videos don't have to be JUST 25 seconds to be put on Youtube like on the Rumor Touch. Not sure if there's a limit...but the longest I did was almost two minutes. The web browser works pretty well. You can have more than one page open at a time. Uploading pictures to Facebook, Twitter (using the Twitdroyd app is easiest) So if you want a decent Android - especially first timers, I recommend this phone. :)

I bought this phone for 50% on a Cyber Monday deal a little over a year ago. I have to say I am disappointed. As others have stated the battery life stinks. Even on standby it has to be charged often.  The calibration on the keyboard isn't the greatest. The phone has taken to randomly glitching. The unread voicemail icon was up for days when my inbox was empty. It wouldn't reset until I received a new voicemail. I can take pictures but I can no longer access photos in my gallery. I had just deleted a bunch of photos I don't listen to music or play games on my phone. I use it to text make calls occasionally check email and post pics on Facebook (when I could access my pictures). Also, if you change your password to your account you will no longer be able to access it and there is no option to reenter a password.  If anyone tries to send you a group text it will show up blank, though you can send texts to multiple people. Yesterday, my phone decided to start saying it was charging (it was not plugged in). This actually caused the battery to drain faster. Actually charging the phone did fix the problem. All of these issues, as well as several other issues ( texts not going thru, random dropped calls etc.) make me despise this phone. I'm so glad I didn't pay full price, and I cant wait until I can decide which phone I will replace it with. I would not recommend. If you want a crappy phone just get the cheapest option, at least you know not to expect much.

I bought one for myself about a year ago, liked it enough that i bought one for my wife. bought a third one for my niece. they all work perfectly  with some basic apps.

You can get this phone at Walmart for $149.99 and at Best Buy 199...  I cannot believe Amazon would even allow these folks to sell on Amazon at these inflated prices. GO TO WALMART or TARGET!!!

A great Android phone for the money, does everything I need it to.  The bad part is that the battery has a very short life span, 16-24 hours per charge. I don't have any apps running and it still dies on me each day.  I ended up buying an additional battery just to keep with me so when it dies, I have a spare to use instead of being stuck w/o a phone.

This is my first smartphone, and I was addicted to it with an hour of starting to use it!It synced quickly and easily with my Google account, and I never even had to look at the manual. It was intuitive and easy to use.My only complaint is the battery it comes with tends to run out too soon for my taste, but I will be upgrading that in the near future.Al in all, a good, solid, reliable phone.

Phone is not too big, fits inside my purse or easily clips on outside of bag or on belt loop. Nice screen size, easy to program, nice selection of phone ringtones. Surprise plus were the included earbuds. Lengthy owners manual but would be nice if a quick start guide was included too. Activated phone in less than 24 hours including switching my number from another carrier. However, I did have to go to old carrier's office to get my contacts transferred to my Virgin Mobile phone.

I've had my Optimus for about 10 months. I've been happy with everything except the battery life, which use to last less than 24 hours. Once I turned off wifi and unenable (is that a word?)data, I got about 5 days worth of battery life from it. Now when I want to use the gps (which ROCKS!),watch a video on youtube or send pictures, I have to enable data and it works just fine. I always turn off the data when I'm done or the battery life is sucked out of it.The screen is a good size and the colors are vibrant. The touch screen is responsive and I've never had problems with it. One weird glitch that has nothing to do with the phone, it's more Virgin, is my husband and I are somehow connected. When I add a phone number, it goes to both our phones. When he ads an alarm as a reminder to do something, my phone gives me a message about the reminder. It's only stuff that is done on the Network. If he takes a picture, it doesn't automatically get saved in my phone and I don't get copies of his texts. It doesn't bother us any. It's just kind of strange.

When I first got this phone I was really impressed with it, coming from a very cheap dumbphone. But after some time the flaws came up. This phone is very slow and often crashes or locks when doing any kind of multitasking. Sometimes the messaging app crashes. It's very slow to load webpages, even on wifi. Anything with more than a couple images and it would slow to a crawl. Also, there's a bug that unless you put your phone in airplane mode for 15sconds it would keep searching for a tower even with a good signal and drain the battery super fast. Not to mention that the screen is so tiny that it's hard to text and webpages are hard to read.However, if you root the phone and put cyanogen mod 7 on it and overclock the phone, it's much more usable. No more crashes or freezes, web pages load fast. You get a lot more internal memory since there's no bloatware. It doesn't overcome the hardware shortcomings of this phone, namely how small the screen is, but it's an improvement. I recommend if you buy this phone that you definitely root it and install custom rom.

This phone is excellent for the price and for people who are starting out with smart phones.  It looks great, doesn't feel cheap, and works well. Only issues would be the battery life (dies soooo quick, even with battery saving apps), and with wifi, goes in and out.  My service is mostly dependable (it's not Verizon), but to be honest for the plan price, and phone, I'm so thankful I found Virgin Mobile!  LOVE IT ALTOGETHER.

The LG Optimus V is Virgin Mobile's first serious jump into the smartphone sea, and I have to say it handles pretty well compared to other more powerful, low-end and midrange phones on other carriers. The cheap prepaid plans are nothing to scoff at, with 35, 45 and 55 dollar per month tiers that provide excellent bang for your buck.Hardware:The build quality of the Optimus V is actually surprisingly good. Not too cheap feeling, and while the gorilla glass front panel looks a bit gaudy, it does a good job of protecting the phone, and is resistant to rupture. The phone, after 11 months of owning it, is quite durable, and has survived drops to the pavement, hardwood floors and carpet from various distances, most around the 5-ft range. A neat occurence with this phone is that when dropped, the back cover flies off and ejects the battery. While people may be frustrated with this, this actually saves the phone from harm because ejecting the battery removes a lot of the mass, resulting in less fall damage. Good job on that one, LG.The Optimus V is equipped with an INCREDIBLY bright 3.2" TFT LCD screen, it's capacitive and has support for two inputs (fingers) at once. This phone is brighter than my Dell laptop's display as well as my old Samsung Moment and my friend's HTC Evo 4G. I don't know how LG pulled it off, but this LCD screen is absolutely beautiful but is very power-hungry.Inside we have a 600MHz Qualcomm MSM7627 processor and the Adreno 200 GPU which can handle a decent library of games from the android market. There is 512MB of RAM, about 190MB of onboard flash storage and the device comes with a 2GB Class-4 MicroSD (which I recommend swapping for an 8GB Class-6 or better). The 2GB card that comes with this device is often very slow and causes hangups when looking at pictures in the Gallery app.The speaker is not the most powerful on the back, but its performance can be improved by covering the headphone jack, greatly increasing the clarity. The earpiece is quite clear for voice and VoIP calls, but the microphone could be better. Call quality is decent and even in fringe areas I have never completely dropped a call. The cellular radio in this phone gets better signal than an HTC Evo 4G but is not as great as the Samsung Epic 4G. The headphone jack is at a slant so depending on what headphones you are using, your connector may occasionally pop out while twisting. Along with the phone comes an LG earbuds/headset for you to use with a microphone blob that can answer calls.Battery life is decent, better than the Intercept by far, but still only barely makes it through a 14-hour day. I was honestly expecting a little more from a 1500mAh battery. Battery life can be extended by lowering the screen brightness a ton (which is fine, the screen is super bright anyway), by turning off data, gps and bluetooth when not in use, and with the help of third-party apps like JuiceDefender or Tasker. If more battery life is desired, on Amazon there are batteries that go up to 2100mAh that still fit the stock battery cover. If you're okay with a little more bulk, you can install up to a 3900mAh battery in this phone with a custom back cover.Software:The phone comes with Android 2.2.1 or 2.2.2 depending on if you have an older or newer model. The phone is very snappy and can handle quite a few apps but just can't amount to some of the more demanding ones like Netflix and Adobe Reader. There is no flash support for this phone unless you root and install the special ARMv6 build of Flash Player. Even then, it is not powerful enough to play videos smoothly. Virgin Mobile did right choosing a stock android experience, as the LG UI overly on Android is quite silly looking.By default, however, a lot of these Optimus Vs are plagued with software bugs like the 50% time without signal bug that causes data connection issues and battery drain as well as some Android Market problems. Even with rooting, these cannot be fixed unless a custom ROM is applied to the phone. I was in the predicament with the 50% TWS people and found the only way to get rid of the bug completely was to flash a ROM to my phone that had a proper fix. With the help of the great Optimus V modding community at androidcentral forums, I was able to sort out these problems and easily flash a Cyanogenmod based ROM on the phone (and my grandmother's V as well).With a Cyanogenmod7 ROM on the Optimus V, it is a powerhouse, performs even better in games, has support for newer apps, and has built-in SIP/VoIP support. And, above all else, it fixes the data issues and the 50% Time Without Signal bug!With a little effort, the Optimus V can be made the perfect phone for you, but by default, sadly, the Out-of-Box experience is a little unpredictable.Customer Service:I've been a Virgin Mobile customer since 2006 and have always found VirginMobile's customer service to be adequate at the very least. Even if the call center is occasionally an outsourced one, I've only dealt with workers that while from India or wherever, can speak English quite clearly. Anytime I've had a billing issue or another problem with service, they have always been quick to fix the problem or reimburse my lost money.Phone activation is quick and easy, within the hour I was able to use my phone. I've only ever had to call to fix the data after being late on my bill one month once, an hour or so after that call, my data worked perfectly.Overall, I'm very pleased with the 149 dollars I spent in early 2011. The phone has kept up with all my needs, has kept me connected on the go, and (after flashing a new ROM) has remained snappy and usable. The pricing of the plans are perfect and having a WiFI VoIP phone in addition to a cellular phone is quite an asset. The Gmail sync is great and the Mail client supports Microsoft Exchange. There is even VPN support (so I can watch BBC programming on the web :D). While the first stretch of road was bumpy, with a little help from a friendly modding community, I was able to sort out ALL of the issues that I initially had with this phone. I give this product four well-deserved stars. I intend to stick with this phone until Virgin offers something more powerful than the Triumph.If you would like to flash a Rom to your phone the quick and unexpectedly-easy way, see this thread on androidcentral (note the spaces between the dots) ----> [...]Sorry for that wall of text, by the way. ;)

Once a day, I have to reset my phone. Locks up usually when the keyboard pops up. I've reset it, still nothing. Oh well.

I bought the Optimus V a couple days before Xmas when Target had it for $69. Within a week I had it rooted and installed Gingerbread (Android 2.3.7). With the CyanogenMod I'm using I can go up to 48 hours before having to recharge (depending on how much wifi I use). I can overclock it beyond the normal 600 MHz. I run the processor at minimum 480 MHz and maximum 768 MHz. It handles it with no problem and others have run theirs above 800 MHz. The phone is snappy and Angry Birds loads in 20 seconds. I have had zero problems with the V and, for the price/performance I give it 5 stars. As far as the small amount of internal memory, I can select most apps to install directly to my 8GB SD card. I have 6 different themes, about 30 apps and still have 143 meg internal memory. An app like Link2SD can get you even more internal room. For more info on how to get more performance from your V, visit Android Forums, Optimus V section.

Purchased this phone a few weeks ago.I've been playing around with it for awhile now and i love it!! You wont find a better phone offered from VM for this price!!The swype feature is awesome as well and it also is compatible with a lot of the great apps offered in the app store!!

Disclosure: I think most of my issues with this phone is user error and will be fixed the more I get accustomed to the phone and how to use it correctly, so I will not list those. I moved from an Iphone, which I loved, to the LG Optimus V. I couldn't see paying $90 a month for something I could get for $35 a month. As a single mom, it just felt like it was a waste. I like the phone so far and am happy with my decision.The main issue I see with this phone is the lack of internal phone memory. I want certain applications on my phone, but I cannot have them because I do not have enough internal memory. Even with a 32GB SD card, and Apps moved over to the card, I still do not have enough space, because every app (even the ones on the SD card) use some internal phone memory to be used. That is a serious inconvenience. *** UPDATE: I discontinued the use of the phone's built in email, and switched to a Yahoo email app, and that gave me back half of my phone's internal memory. I don't know why or how, but there it is. So if you are short on memory, you may want to try this.The screen is smaller, and even though it is not by much it is noticable. The browser is not bad, but you cannot switch tabs on it(which I loved and used all of the time). It is harder to read on this phone, whether on web page or on ereader, because of the size of the print and the way the browser acts, but it is possible if you do not have problems with your vision. I couldn't change the browser because I didn't have the phone space. Now that I have the room, I may try one of the apps out there. There are a few other things that the Iphone has available that the Android does not, but conversly there are things that the Android offers that the Iphone did not. The battery in this phone last much longer than my Iphone did. I understand the settings and have the notifications on minimal and certain settings perfected so that the battery easily lasts me all day long, even with heavy use. I love that. The Iphone I had to charge at least once during the day with heavy use. However, I do worry about the charging port on this phone. It is not easy to connect and disconnect the chargers and I worry that eventually the port will break and the phone will stop taking a charge, but I will not know that for sure until I have had the phone for longer. Also, on the Optimus, I can get email from all of my accounts instead of chosing just one. I don't know if that is something they have fixed for Iphone, but on mine I could only have one account automatically go to my phone and had to check the others manually. With the Android, I set up my accounts and can check them all.Ultimately, this is a good little smartphone. It is reasonably priced and you really cannot beat the service. It is steady and reliable. I do not have problems connecting, or getting online. I don't have force close issues. I really like it.

Useless, worthless. Hope I find where I tossed this thing so I can take it to work and smash it in our hydraulic press.

bought this at radio shack it is a really good phone i suggest that you get launcher pro as a home replacement it is a lot faster and i also suggest downloading the amazon app store on it because they have some good apps too

Awsome! Its the best phone I ever had yet I love ot and I'm extremely happy!I will recamend to everyone I know

I got the product a day before it was suppose to be delivered. It came with everything and exactly the way it was described. Everything was good about this service. The item is pretty nice phone wise, has some kinks but if your on a budget it is a good phone to have. Would recommended anyone who would like to save money on a data plan to buy a phone from virgin mobile. They actually do have pretty decent coverage.

The phone was exactly like they said it would be all charging devices were included, in box and like new.

Back in May 2011, I bought two Optimus V's. One for myself, and one for my wife.After 8 months, I can say that the Optimus V is a good, basic smartphone. Having a "basic smartphone" would seem to be a bit of a contradictory term, but that's exactly what it is. Being basic, the Optimus V is hampered by a few significant shortcomings. Primarily, the Optimus has only about 150mb of internal memory. With apps continuing to get larger and larger (taking advantage of the newer, larger phones), the 150mb on the Optimus fills up very quickly. The FB app typically takes up almost 15mb on my phone, Google Maps takes 10+ mb, etc, etc...so even if you like to have only a moderate amount of apps you'll quickly find yourself having to pick and choose between them, because not everything can be moved over to the SD card.The Optimus is also limited by its CPU power. It only has a single 600mhz processor. That is at the very low end of the spectrum, with the newest powerhouse phones having dual-core 1.2ghz+ processors. As more apps, widgets, and feeds are added onto the Optimus, it can get pretty bogged down, resulting in slowed response, hangups, freezes, etc. This is not the phone to get if you want to play some of the graphic-intensive games. I played Angry Birds for a while when I first got the phone...but when the levels got larger and more complex as I progressed through the game, the Optimus started to struggle. The framerate got lower and lower to the point where it wasn't really playable anymore.Those are the major shortcomings...there are some other minor problems as well. The battery life is not great (but that's pretty common nowadays). The VPN capability does NOT work (probably won't effect many people). It seems to be a widespread problem with LG smartphones. There is also no Flash support. There's No Netflix App (although it can be sideloaded unofficially).But, with all it's shortcomings...this is a good phone for the price. If you want to try the android experience without spending hundreds of dollars or locking yourself into a contract...this is a great way to do it. The phone itself works fine. The Wifi performance is very good. The navigation works well. It will still run the vast majority of apps you could want to use...just not all at the same time!If all you want to have a smartphone for is to check your email, look some stuff up on google, and surf the net a bit during a quiet moment...this could be a great phone for you. That is how my wife utilizes hers, and she absolutely loves it.However, if you're a more demanding user with large amounts of apps and games...or are a tinkerer like me that enjoys squeezing maximum productivity and performance out of your gadgets...you may not be satisfied in the long run. I've gotten to the point where I feel like I need to upgrade...so I'm planning to "graduate" up to the Motorola Triumph, which is another Virgin Mobile phone that has a much larger internal storage capability (2gb), a significantly faster cpu (1ghz), and a larger screen.Even when that times comes, though, I won't regret having bought the Optimus V.

I purchased this phone at Radioshack because I text a lot but hardly ever use any actual minutes except in emergencies so the $25 plan was perfect for me (I believe it is actually $35/month for this same plan however if you already have it they keep you at the same rate). This plan gives you 300 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited data which is perfect for me, my girlfriend has a Verizon contract and is about $90/month so if you don't use a ton of minutes each month this deal can't be beat by the major carriers. It is also nice that is month to month so if I ever lose my job I don't have to worry about paying a cancellation fee or ruining my credit. The phone it self is great, the touch screen is responsive and a decent size. The internal memory is fairly limited if you are the type of person that downloads a lot of apps however that is easily upgradable w/ a larger micro SD card. One complaint about this phone is that it doesn't run some of the newer more taxing apps, also it seems to have slowed down a bit since when I first got it. Overall though for the initial/monthly price this is a great value.*Changed my review from 4 to 2 as after about a year and a half with this phone it was almost unusable, I never dropped it or anything to damage it internally but after a while it became extremely slow, would restart on its own, would exit text messages mid text for no reason and have really slow response times to every click so I had to replace it with something newer. It was nice to begin with and a good price but just didn't last.

Original Review:This would be a great little phone for a great price if it worked all the time. The problem is that is freezes up constantly requiring the battery to be removed it order to start it again (this happens 2-3 times per day). A quick Google search reveals that others are experiencing the same problem. LG support blames the software version (ZV4) and claims that updating to ZV5 would fix it. Unfortunately, they also told me that Virgin Mobile has locked down the updating capability which means I have to send the phone back to LG to be updated with an estimated repair time of 5-7 days in addition to shipping time. So it looks like I'll be without a cell phone for several weeks while I wait to see if this problem can be fixed.Updated Review:Virgin Mobile offered to replace the phone for me and sent me a new one so I didn't have to be without a phone for several weeks. The new phone is running the LG ZV5 software update and I am not experiencing the freezing problem that the first phone had. My only compliant is that the phone isn't fast enough to run music app (such as drum pads) without a delay. My three year old iPod can do this so you'd think a modern phone could as well. Oh well, that's really a minor compliant for an otherwise fantastic and inexpensive little phone.

I received the phone and right after it couldn't be returned it broke.I cannot send or receive pictures and i'm out eighty dollars.

This phone is smaller than an iphoneand you will be asked what it is by others.when I got around to needing the hot spot,it was advertised to have, the change inVirgin Mobiles plans eliminated that feature.The phones earlier operating system providesthe hot spot but there is no way to go to theprevious version :(  With no hot spot I wouldnot buy the phone again, they should not lie.Otherwise it is a great phone with a ton offeatures.

Ditched AT&T; after a storm knocked down a tower and they decided not to replace it, rendering our cell phones at our house useless for the last 4-5 months of the contract. Switched to Virgin based on the no-contract and the cheap unlimited plan. As far as service, these are great. The only places we can't seem to pick up signals are in the remote Midwest (but, AT&T; & Sprint don't pick up there either, it's expected) and some of the remote beaches I hit on the East Coast (though, who really wants to be interrupted by a cell phone on a remote beach).Phone worked absolutely wonderfully for the first several months. Now, both mine and my boyfriends phones, act up on a pretty regular basis. Phone doesn't ring, but goes straight to voicemail whenever it shows "full bars". Sometimes the screen goes blank and you can't end a call or dial a call. Fortunately, the battery is accessible on these (unlike the iPhone) so you can easily pop it out and back in, but really, I shouldn't have to do this. Last night my phone went unresponsive. Touch screen stopped working. Had a phone call coming in (phone was ringing, but the screen was not showing the call, nor giving the option to answer) again, had to pop the battery out to get it to act normal again. I'd say that each of us have an issue with the phone that requires a battery removal 3-4 times a week.If this was happening to one phone, I would say that one of us had a bad egg, but these problems are constant with both. If we didn't travel so much to other parts of the country, I would assume some of it was a local network issue, but the same thing will happen to us (screen unresponsive) when we're on opposite coasts.  We've both wiped our phones clean of apps and restored the factory settings, in case it was something we downloaded. That fixed nothing--just makes me unhappy that the only way I can play Words With Friends is via my Kindle.All in all, this phone is not worth the money.

The good:-gps is great-virgin's plan is unbeatable- prepaid too, a plusThe bad:-the camera has no flash :(-sometimes apps crash, but that might not be the phone's fault- could be the apps themselves.Overall, this phone is a steal, but looking back, I would've rather spent a little more for a phone with a great camera.

I've had this phone for a month and only had a few problems with it. Once the phone held all of my texts for two days, but after restarting it and texting myself, all of my old texts were delivered. I've never had an all touch screen device previous to this phone, but so far I really like it! The Virgin Mobile plan is awesome and the price I got the phone at through Amazon was very reasonable.

This is my first android phone got it used off of eBay for 66.00, and I must say I am very happy with it and what this phone can do.  The LG Optimus V is rootable (stoke ROM only, costume ROM well cause the loss of 3g DATA Service if you try to activate phone for the time after flashing new ROM), using Gingerbreak.  After rooting and changing the way the CPU governor behaves, it is both faster and power efficient.*Tip*There is a small bug with the "Call Standby" in that it aways looks for either 3g or 1x data service every after connecting, which eats up the battery quick when the phone is idle.  This can be temporally fixed by one of two ways: the later is the best way but this well have to be done after every reboot or startup.  After you do either one of the two ways plug the phone back into the charger to reset the Battery Usage Stats, and what you are looking for is the "Call Standby" to be less then 50%.One:  Putting the phone into Airplane Mode for 12 seconds.OrTwo:  dailing *#*#4636#*#*Dail *#*#4636#*#* / Select Phone Information / Press the Menu Button and Select "Select Radio Band" and Press Force Close after. / Select Phone Information again and got to Set Proffered Network Type and select CDMA then select CDMA (Auto).Tips for Root users:Go to, be come a member of [androidcentral.com] forums, this is a good phone and there are people other there that can help you make this phone even greater.  Say-away from ROM Manger and ROM Manger's ClockworkMod Recovery 5.0 or higher, as both are incompatible with the Hitachi Screen (Android v2.2.2), if you wish to flash a costume recovery then go with this one RA-OptV-3.06, it is sable; I've used it to Flash all the ROM's that I've tried.Update: After having this phone for 3 months, and Flashing several different ROM's I can safely say these is one great phone very easy to Root overclocks well and great battery life with the right configurations for your type of usage.  I'm now running the Harmonnia 2.0.3 IHO (Gingerbread) ROM and love it, the in-beaded CPU controls and RAM Memory Management is fantastic, equaling great battery life.  This phone is a good phone, the problem is the Android FLoyo O/S being weighted down by all the bloatware that Virgin Mobile added, and all that bloatware are Startup Apps and that slows it down.  Must Costume ROM's do not have all that bloatware and the phone as a result starts up fast and is just plain faster.Food for thought: rooting your phone does void the Warranty, so it you do Root make backup of it after flashing a Costume Recovery that way if something does go wrong and needs repair you can return back to Stock.Final Report:  After cycling the battery and wiping battery sats, this is what I see running the Harmonnia 2.03 IHO (Gingerbread) ROM with CPU Governor set to Conservative and Overclocked to 825MHz.  Phone idle about 1% power draw every 3 hours, playing music through headphones with the DSP EQ running see about 3% per-hour Screen Off and 5% Screen On.  Talk-time with headphones is better then without, running about 8% per-hour (without headphones about 11% per-hour); web over 3g 11% per-hour while over WiFi 8% per-hour with screen on.  This was done without running a battery saver type app and those people (like myself) that are medium to heavy smartphone user those apps would do nothing for you until you sleep and the phone sets idle, and most people charge their phones over night.

This phone needs more main memory (or a way to delete the pre-insalled apps). I get low memory errors several times a day when it refuses to complete installation of an app. Adding a larger microSD card won't help, the problem is not enough main memory. Some apps cannot be moved out of main memory, so you are stuck with them. The pre-installed apps use more than 20% of the available main memory. I can only guess that VM might get some money for putting these on the phone, and therefore prevents the user from deleting them.Strictly as a phone this device is very nice, I like it a lot. The crippled memory would cause me to hesitate before recommending it to anybody though, unless they only wanted to use the phone functionality and not add many apps. Maybe I'm just too much of a power user.

Nice phone, appears to have a lot of functionality.  One major problem is battery life.  It has nowhere near 168 hours of standby time or 6 hours of talk time.  We're lucky to get a day and a half strictly standby, and that was only after adjusting a number of programs to not allow continuous sync.  Hotmail was one of the worst, also GPS functions.

Just an FYI...You can buy this product brand new from Virgin Mobile for only $199.99.  Save yourself some money and time and go directly to the source.

The LG Optimus V is a very ordinary cell with some interesting but mostly useless features.  My main concern is the extremely short battery life between charges, in most cases, less than three hours.  If I had heavy usage, such as downloading big apps or playing games, it would be another story; however, this is not the case.  I am very dissatisfied not only with the battery (I changed it twice) but the overall confusing complexity of the cell.

First off let me say that I've had quite a relationship with this phone. I've had ups and downs with it all the time. Here are some important points:1. The Screen - While it may not have the beauty of other phones, it certainly isn't hard to look at. The colors are all very nice, even the blacks are decent for a phone this price. It looks quite nice in the dark especially. The colors are warm, but not overly warm. There is no certain tint to the color, which is something that some high-end phones are missing. Reading is bearable on it, I had no problem reading long amounts of text at all. The pixels are visible, but if you don't look for them, you don't notice them. Actually, they are not that visible, much better than a lot of screens I've seen. While the screen is small compared to a lot of phones, in fact tiny, it's not horrible. But, if you plan on doing a lot of web browsing or movie-watching especially, then you will really enjoy a bigger screen. Even games. So, that is one major limitation of this phone.2. The Speed - A major problem with this phone is speed. Maybe several years ago, this would be considered fast. But nowadays, it's been left in the dust by dual-core processors, quad-core even. This clocks in at 600 MHz single-core. Ouch! Phones usually have at least 1.2 GHz dual-core. And you will see the difference immediately. Applications sometimes open very slowly, things that you would think should be flawless. A lot of times, even if all background programs are closed (I use Advanced Task Killer - works like a charm most of the time, greatly improves performance) the lock screen can freeze up at times. Sometimes that can make the phone unusable, but luckily you just wait a few seconds and it catches itself up. When browsing desktop-sized websites, there can be MAJOR freeze-ups. A lot of times, the status bar keeps saying that something is loading, which it is. But it's only loading one object many times. Because of that one object that refuses to load, the page looks all messed up. And since the browser doesn't have flash, there are a lot of times when things refuse to load. If you're going to browse especially picture-heavy sites like Engadget, good luck! It's a stuttering nightmare even after you wait a while after the page is fully loaded. So be patient if you want to do that kind of web browsing. Mobile sites, however, don't have a problem at all usually, but even they lack the smoothness they should have. When it comes to playing games, there is a lot of stuttering (lag) as well. Most games have at least a little, and many games like Temple Run cannot even be played on this phone due to its slow processor. What I just listed is not even close to all of the limitations the processor creates.3. The Battery - You would think a phone that doesn't have much speed would be a battery-saver. You would think it wouldn't use much energy. Well folks, you're sadly mistaken, and because of the fact that the processor has to work so hard to do the simplest of things, the battery life can be very short. It's enough to get through the day, depending on how much you use it. But trust me, I've come close to fully draining the battery a lot of times. Hooking up WiFi instead of its 3G connection is a major power saver, so you might want to consider that. It's easy enough to do. But on 3G, it drains like crazy.4. The network - All of Virgin Mobile's phones work on Sprint's network. While Sprint has been around for a long time, they still don't have a decent network built up. The speeds are atrocious sometimes, and coverage, oh boy, that's even worse. I found out that the speeds are always less than 1MBPS. Networks like AT&T; can get far better speeds, on 3G. This phone has no 4G, so that's yet ANOTHER limitation. However, even though those numbers are low, it's not the worst. Pages tend to be fast. They are usually close to WiFi. But downloads on WiFi are SO much faster. And in my home, even though I live in a decent-size city, has poor coverage. I used to have a Net10 phone, which runs off of AT&T; and T-Mobile's network, which was faster. What a shame. Sprint's network is just so unstable. For a while, I used to have no service in my home. At least now that's fixed, I guess.There are more limitations than what I listed, but there is one thing that everyone, including me, has to remember. The monthly bill is only $35. That's lower than any other carrier, so the saying, "You get what you paid for" works well here. So, I guess for such a great price I can't complain much. But if you're coming from contract, or like me looking to go onto contract, you will probably be disappointed if you purchase this phone, or for that matter any phone from Virgin Mobile.Overall, I still manage to get some use out of the phone. And by the way, it has a low memory capacity (internal) which is another major setback. A lot of times, a message comes up saying it's low. It's a major annoyance, so some more memory would be wonderful. But now that I've taken out a lot of apps and games, it works well for the most part. I can't wait to move onto something better though.

I loved this phone for approximately a month.  I then began having serious signal problems (in a big metropolitan area). I was lucky to get one bar.  After three months I gave up and had it replaced.  The second Optimus V began having problems.  It wouldn't recharge the battery.  I even purchased three batteries, at over $50.00, for my $20.00 replacement phone.  I was offered a third phone for a nominal fee.  I refused.

This item would be a 5 star phone if my wife didn't have the Optimus T.  If you pick the two phones up you can feel the difference in build quality.  Also looking at the screens, I can tell that the phones are not exactly the same.  Other than that, the phone is great.  I wanted to go to the Motorola Triumph, but If I am going to spend that much for a phone, it would have to beat the Optimus V at every aspect.  Bottom line: For the Price of Phone & Monthly Plan - Really good phone!

I've had mine for a year and some change.  I keep this phone in a clip case on my waist or in pocket and have to say it is durable.  Let's just say it has gotten a pretty good durability test.  It is at times under powered processing wise and the battery thing that many others have said may be true if you use it extensively for GPS, which I don't.  I use mine quite a bit recently for Google Play Music and Bluetooth headphones to listen for music.  I've never gotten any less than a full days battery even with playing music and checking email all day.  I usually get three full days without much phone use but usually charge it daily unless I'm traveling.  I've run it out after two days quite a few times.  Obviously, use leads to battery loss.The camera is good enough but I find it lacking.  It can't take any movement.  There is no worthwhile stabilizing mechanism or flash.  There are many deficiencies for the camera but not that many in comparison to other phones.As far as traveling, I spend most my time in Western Washington and rarely leave service area.  The phone does not pick up a great signal strength but it works pretty well here, even in some areas that don't seem to be on the coverage map.The main issue I have with it is program storage.  I bought an upgrade to the SD card that goes with it and have moved all apps that would move to the SD card.  That hasn't kept it from really limiting how many apps it can run.  It is a constant battle to keep the cache clean and avoid adding apps or move it to the SD card.  I'm able to get good use of the phone and I've seen several phones with performance issues that I could not deal with.I bought my phone for 120 bucks and pay only $35 / month so maybe my expectations meet the that price level.  When any phone I've found that has better performance and many that do not meet that performance are more than twice even five times the price.  One could feed four or five families every month in a third world country for the money I saved.  Well, I could at least have two phones and change but it's not that I'm sharing. :-p

I bought it from Target for approx $150 on Sunday 8/14/2011.I returned it to Target 3 days later!!I opened the phone then charged it for 8+ hours before using it.I did not activate the phone.I ran wi-fi on my home network and it worked well.Big problem was that the battery was dead in less than 3 hours when all I had running waswi-fi.  I charged it a second time with the same results.Possibly I had a bad battery. At least I hope it was a bad battery.Anyway it's either a terrible phone or bad quality testing!I will not be buying another.

It's a month  old and already we must remove battery to turn on. Other than that is works great. Sounds much better than Apple ipod touch.

Works great clear sound I been have using it for a couple months  with no problem. The camera takes clear, sharp pictures

this phone is retarded. the thing is glitched to hell. i can't receive pictures. i can't go to the apps im trying to go onto. it suddenly scrolls down to the bottom of a page when im searching on yahoo. bunch of random stuff that is making me consider going back to tracfone. had it five days then boom. all this crap. i wouldn't mind a glitch here and there but all in one day? no this is un acceptable to go through. my previous phone lasted five years and is now starting to go bad. this one five days. so yeah. bad marks from me at the moment. maybe ill update when they fix it for me.

This was a perfect solution for us.  We needed a smart phone that wouldn't break the bank and this was it.  Android runs very well on it and so far no problems.  It has better reception than the phone we replaced.  We are using Virgin mobile's $35 300 min / unlimited data plan and couldn't be happier.  Only possible downside is that it doesn't have a ton of built in memory.  So if you download a ton of apps, you may hit it.  We haven't run into that issue yet, but it's something to keep in mind.  Many apps are updating so that they can run from the SD card so it shouldn't be an issue in the future.  If you are signing up for Virgin Mobile use kickback code otq4t0no and you will get an extra 60 minutes.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. It can do everything an iPhone can do for a better price!! if you have virgin mobile then get this phone now!!!

This phone is very good one. Reasonable size with all the feature you want from an android phone. The 35$ plan is very good. I have an internet with me in every place. GPS is very good also.

I was lucky enough to score the Optimus V for $65 postage paid via an eBay auction. The discounted price was due to "cosmetic defects", which turned out to be nothing but a small scratch on one corner of the casing. For those looking to purchase this or any Virgin Mobile prepaid phone, I highly recommend going the eBay route.The Optimus V is everything you'd expect from a mid-range smartphone. I've had friends try to steer me away from Android devices in favor of the iPhone, but, unlike those friends, I have rent and bills to pay and cannot afford the exorbitant cost of even the cheapest iPhone data plan. Currently, Virgin Mobile offers a plan for this phone at $35 which includes unlimited data and texting with 300 airtime minutes per month. You'll be lucky to find an unlimited data tack-on plan with another carrier for less than $40.The phone is very responsive and switches through apps quickly. I have yet to lose a call, but the 3G reception is notoriously spotty even in heavily populated areas. There are short-term solutions to this problem such as reactivating, turning airplane mode on and off, restarting the phone, etc. It's my hope that Virgin Mobile will resolve this issue as seemingly everyone is struggling with 3G connectivity.The Optimus V ships with the stock version of Android, and you'll be glad it does. The skins and bloatware that come pre-installed on other providers' Android devices severely reduce battery life. As it is, the battery life of this phone is already atrocious - though that's not surprising considering what a powerhouse the Android platform is. Without a battery regulating app such as Juice Defender, you will not make it more than 6 to 8 hours on standby without the battery being depleted completely. Before installing Juice Defender, I had to keep the phone plugged into a charger while in the car and at work or risk being without my phone for the remainder of the day. Even with the best battery regulating app, don't expect to go without a full recharge for more than about 12 to 14 hours.One of the perks of owning an Android device is the ability for customization. The stock version of Android itself does not allow skinning (without jailbreaking), but there are several apps out there that enable you to completely customize the look and performance of your Optimus V. I'm a hobbyist graphic designer, so I had a lot of fun developing my own skins for Beautiful Widgets and LauncherPro (both highly recommended), and now I have a phone that looks totally unique and performs faster than it did out of the box.On the topic of Android: I found myself preferring Android over iOS just as I prefer almost everything else over Apple products. I refuse to pay twice as much for a logo and a shiny metal casing. I can also replace my battery without dealing with a team of smarmy hipsters and sending my phone away for weeks. Suck it, Apple.Other than the battery and 3G connectivity issues, I have nothing else negative to say about this device. It's thin and light yet sturdy, and performs very well.

If you want the most for the least, buy this phone. I never text anymore, I speak. It has everything the iPhone has that really matters. Maybe not all the bells and whistles, but everything that matters. I'm very pleased with the product and seller.

The phone is great, exactly what I ordered. I was very pleased with everything. The phone arrived in a timely manner. I would purchase from him again.

I'd been looking for a solution for a one device communications, camera, music and e-mail system that I could take along with me for motorcycle touring, and for light day to day usage. I used to pack my I-Pod touch, a cell phone, and a camera along with the charging hardware for each device. This phone (and plan) fit the bill perfectly. The only thing I added was an 8GB SD card to replace the 2GB card it comes with. So far so good. Great buy!

This is my first smart phone and these are initial impressions (1 week use).  I have used the latest Apple iTouch (new Dec 2010) and the version just prior to the latest iTouch (bought April 2010).  Using the Optimus feels similar to using the iTouch with some things better with the Optimus and a few vice-versa.  The items that come immediately to mind that are better with iTouch are the excellent screen resolution and good sound output via the built-in speakers (Optimus is still pretty good in these areas).  The items that appear better on the Optimus are the availability of Swype (love that - better for me than a slide out keyboard by a long shot), Google Navigation (seems to be as good or better than my Garmin - really excellent and usable in place of a Garmin for my purposes and no added cost) and the MicroSDHC slot (comes with 2 gb and you can buy up to 32 GB).  Some of those items are huge for me - having a 3.2 gb camera/video-recorder that can write to an SD card that I can port to my PC just like a camera is big.  The navigator is important - my wife now has my Garmin and I was planning to buy myself a new one but not now since the Optimus appears to be very adequate as a nav and I have one less item of clutter and, most importantly, the savings from not buying another nav pays the whole cost of the phone (I bought the phone for a net cost of $109 at Target but if you have to pay more it is worth it).Some things that Optimus has in common with iTouch/iPhone:  WiFi so you can have very fast and free internet anywhere you can get WiFi; large free app selection for android 2.2 (I suppose Apple's is similar but I am not as familiar with that.  For Android I have found everything I have thought of for an app for free and in about 1 minute including yahoo finance, yahoo mail, amazon, stopwatch/timer, weather/news,  B&N; Nook, minutes checker, etc.).My short review above is not about the PHONE.  That is because I would not buy a smart phone to make calls when you can get a good phone for making calls from Virgin Mobile or at any big store for $0 to $20.  My LG1500 is GREAT as a phone and was $0 from Net10 ($20 but with $20 load card so free phone).  For my purpose having the phone incorporated into the Optimus V just means one less item to deal with since the Optimus (like other smart phones) can be my mobile pc, phone, navigator, music player and camera (and I suppose more once I learn).  The phone on the Optimus seems to work very well, BTW, and the reception/signal is much better than my former Virgin Mobile phone (so maybe it is better than some cheap phones for that...) but not as good as my Net10 phone (I credit that to the network more than the phone).A friend, yesterday, put his Droid X down next to my Optimus that I was bragging about.  I was humbled.  Just in sheer look the Droid X is incredible (screen size).  He, however, has a 2 year contract and paid a lot more $$ than me up front along with it.  I paid $109 and could just use it like an iTouch if I wanted to for $0/month but will pay the $25/month for totally unlimited smart phone use and 300 anytime talk minutes.  Hard to beat and no contract.  The Optimus is good but it is not a Droid X - cost/benefit decision to be made (I am presuming Droid X can do all of the same functions that Optimus can).

I love my phone for what it can do and now that it's finally rooted, I'm enjoying it even more. I will hold onto my godfathered plan for as long as possible.

Good phone, working fine, wide screen display...just what I wanted....googles, gps,easy to find. This LG Optimus V, and the serices from amazon regarding delivery was quick and everything came well wrapped and in good condition...Just love the phone.

Excellent in every respect... couldn't do without it, now.  With microSD storage has become my Kindle/Audible/FastFB/GPS barcode price checker: indispensable.

I fell in love with this phone shortly after opening the packaging. The setup process was painless, except to the wallet (at least $35 for a plan, which still isn't bad). Decently priced phone for what you get. It came with a 2GB micro-SD card. The only thing I don't like is not being able to move all of my downloaded apps to the SD card.. Not for lack of space, just the apps won't let me. :) All in all, I'm very happy with this phone! It lasts long (battery) depending on where you are with signal and app usage. It also lasts when dropped. Mine has fallen at least 6 times and all it's gotten was a scratch on the top right hand corner (looking from the screen).

This is by far the worst phone ever, and heres why one MAIN reason: the phone storage is like 1G. All of the phones apps that are predownloaded into the phone are of course non deletable, so thats takes up the majority of it, but you can transfer it to your sd! same with a lot of apps so you can download anything or use up the space on your SD, it is constantly saying that my phone storage is full, making it a constant challenge. The 35$ a month plan is great though, the phone works well on Wifi and off for a 3G, nice screen except for when suddenly the keypad stops working and you have to reboot the phone in the middle of a conversation. Other than that, like i said good signal, good plan.. BAD phone.. I had a crappy tracphone before this, so im willing to live with it, but i would much rather have a better phone, wait a year and spring for the virgin mobile IPHONE when its cheaper.

I've been a Virgin Mobile customer for years and wanted to try upgrading my LG Rumor Touch to an android phone.  While I was looking, Target put the Virgin Mobile Optimus V on sale for only 80 bux, and after first verifying that it could be returned, I went for it.I don't actually like to use my phone for calls, because the VM service in my area is spotty and  I generally prefer to make calls from my office or home phone.  But I use it a lot for texting and web, checking email, etc.  I charged the phone overnight and then the next evening activated (swapped) it online, substituting the 2g microsd card that came with the phone with a 16g card I already had. Since I know there's a lag time with activation, I waited till the next morning to try using it.I found battery life and call quality to be pretty good.  Calls were much clearer than on the Rumor Touch, and although it was obviously going to be a little more challenging to use than the RT, I picked it up quickly enough. I have a Barnes and Noble Nook Color, which is a locked-down but Android-based reader, so I had a little familiarity going in.  The ability to set it to use available wireless networks was a plus, especially since the VM service is not great inside my house.  I wasn't anxious to try a lot of apps but did download the Nook reader and Netflix apps and was impressed by the usability of both on this phone. The voice-to-text options really blew me away, since I had never bothered mucking around with the voice commands on the Rumor. I couldn't believe how easily and accurately I could dictate a text message or open a website.  But the onscreen keyboard was ultimately too small and twitchy for my thumbs and fingers, and after trying to get used to it for a couple of days, it was in the end a dealbreaker. I returned it today and will probably be getting the Optimus Slider here on Amazon instead, since the keyboard looks similar to the one on the Rumor.If possible, I'd recommend giving the keyboard on this a live tryout before buying, but if you are reasonably comfortable with such things, I'd say this is a pretty good deal, especially at the price I paid. I really wished I could make it work for me.  As for the service, I upgraded to BeyondTalk last year at the 25.00/monthly rate, which they no longer offer, but I stayed grandfathered at that rate so it's a good bargain even if I'm not always impressed with Virgin Mobile in general.One last note; when I returned the phone to Target and told the clerk there was nothing wrong with the phone but verified that I'd factory reset it, returned all the original items with it and even put the stickers back on, she said "we don't resell phones, they're a loss" and when I asked what would happen to the phone she said "it'll probably get recycled." She had already finished the refund by the time that came out.  That's a big bummer and disappoints me about Target. So if you do buy a phone from Target that works fine but just isn't for you, for the sake of not being wasteful, consider reselling it on eBay or something rather than just returning it.

There is not another phone on the market that can compare to the Optimus V for under $150. The service in my area is great. 3g running at 1.10 down and .65 up. Not too bad for $25 a month. It's a good phone for what it is, but make no mistake it is not a high end android. Some of the more intense applications will lag. Should be getting an update to Gingerbread 2.3 soon according to LG. Phone is very smooth and the touch screen is very very accurate and responsive. Super impressed with the phone for the price. By the way the "freezing" issue other people were talking about turned out to be the SD card not the phone, swap it out for a bigger one anyway and it works fine.Battery life could be better but no worse then any other android.

first impressions: lightweight, feels slightly cheap but comfortable. android is smooth for this type of lower end smartphone (i am use to using android on high end tablets and media players).memory: memory is good considering i bought a 16GB micro-sd card days before the phone was delivered. unlike some reviews, i now have plenty of space for apps and music. a 16GB micro-sd card is a MUST.screen resolution: its nice and clear, nothing amazing like the higher end smartphones like the S3 or iphone.activation: i also got an error when i pressed the activation app, but i went to the official web page and it was a breeze.operation system (android): like i said, it is smooth even when the screen is packed with apps, the smaller screen is a Lil disadvantage and keyboard can be annoying since it is smaller.  i think my 16GB sd card gave it that extra boost. i use to have a 2GB tablet, and it was horrible at loading/playing/storing apps since the storage was so so limited, sometimes unusable. so a SD card is a must. there is a slight lag when using the touch screen, which is expected.decent phone, and will update on status after having it for about 5 months.quick update: phone freezes up a lot, and it is now stuck on a black screen. i am waiting for it to completely discharge.UPDATE: love the phone, but it crashes randomly way too much for comfort. i had to take out the battery to make it snap out of the freezing black screen. i am still gonna keep the phone, and will update on status. UPDATE: the apps that come with the phone cannot be updated since internal memory is so low, the only apps that can be update are your new/personal apps you download fresh from google play, since those apps are stored into the SD card.i am gonna have to lower the score for this smartphone from a 4* to a 3*. the main reason for that is, the phone freezes too often and you can't update apps stored on the internal memory of the phone.the prime issue with this phone is STORAGE SPACE, there is barely any. even when you put a micro sd card you still have the problem of some apps not being able to be stored into the sd card memory space (not sure if there is a fix for this issue). i am lucky i have been blessed with a grateful spirit, i am grateful i even have a phone. if i was someone else i would had given this phone a 1 or 2 stars because of the storage issues.update: i managed to put some apps into the sd card. i have more space now. i recommend not downloading graphics heavy games, and only download apps that you must need.Bottom line: (07/27/2012) the phone is great, but storage is a issue for app heavy users, make sure you store most of your apps on the micro sd card, especially if you have a 16GB card and up. if you use a smartphone for games, movies, e-books, shopping or social networking, this phone would be good but you will have to risk not having enough space. just buy a high end smartphone if you plan to read a lot of e-books and see a lot of movies on your phone. get this phone if you are certain you aren't gonna use too much storage, and if you don't mind if the phone freezes often.update: (07/29/2012) i raised my score back to a 4*, because the phone performs really good despite the minor lags and crashes and poor battery life. web browsing is surprisingly really good, music is great, and apps run great (depending on graphics). overall great phone.update: (08/03/2012) the phone doesn't freeze anymore, but keep a watch on that memory. also some apps are not compatible with this phone. mostly graphic heavy apps.Final Update: (08/16/2012) the score has gone back to 3* since the limited memory has become a bigger issue now. you can't send or receive new text messages if memory runs low. i have to keep deleting apps. the phone also crashed at random times, but that does NOT annoy me at all, it is just the storage issue that bothers me a lot. i will stick with the phone for now. will upgrade to something with at least 8GB in the future. btw, the virgin mobile service is really good in my area.

I had an issue with the first one not being able to be charged. I suspect that I put too much pressure on the charging port. The battery could be charged externally, and it worked fine.The replacement phone I received had a different issue. When I change batteries or shut it down or change from usb data to charge, it will lock up at random times for up to 10 minutes immediately afterwards. It seems to stabilize on its own then work fine for days or weeks after.I also don't like the software that you cannot remove short of rooting it. Ex:  poynt, scvngr, twidroyd, where--- don't want them, can't remove them, taking up limited real estate on phone.Other than those issues, this is a very handy, reliable phone that has lots of great accessories available. I put a silicon skin on it, and it stays firmly in my pocket. Take the skin off, and it slides in an out easily.If you get a good one, you will really like this little bad boy.

I was just shopping for a little Christmas present for my son when I thought, hmmm, how about a cell phone that actually works?  The ex has had him on some cheapo LG Rumor like phone & stuck with Verizon for the last two years - contract is up and I'm not letting her renew.  Here's why:  For the last 2 years, I've been paying 29/mo, on top of a phone that cost me 149/upfront.  She paid 'only' 49.00 for my son's phone but, the plan adds 60+/mo to her contract = family plan + data+ text + minutes + taxes + fees + who knows what the heck most of those charges are for.Meanwhile, I've been paying 29/mo.  That's it.  29 plus a buck for sales tax.  No fees, no weird surcharges, no having to scrutinize the bill, no class action lawsuits and, most of all, no counting texts or watching internet usage and, thanks to SIPP and Google Voice, no worries about long distance or minutes either - just 29 bucks and done.Yeah, the phone itself doesn't have much internal memory but, I slid in a 16gig microSD card and, no problem - every app, mp3 and video I need is right there.  And really, you don't really need to carry it all with you.  I work at a desk all day and, all day, I'm streaming from Google Music, Amazon Cloud player, Pandora, the BBC, TuneIn Radio, Spotify (yeah, literrally, 8 to 12 hours a day, all day, no problem and no worries).  Oh, and Virgin Mobile Live, free app on the phone, is not to shabby a station either, and it streams, all day.Before even talking about the phone, let me just say that I don't need to live my life in fear of my texting limits, voice minutes, or data caps and that means that I have a phone I can actually use.  My Verizon & ATT friends live in fear - need I say more about the number one purpose for having an Android phone in the first place?The phone itself can be made to tether to my iPod, iPad or my son's DS which, we do occasionally but, since everything is on the Android phone anyway, why bother.  Its there if I need it, which is great because it sucks to need something and not have it...almost as much as paying an extra 25/mo to get it from Verizon or ATT and never use it.So 2 years and, although I was thinking about upgrading to the latest greatest in Virgin's mobile stable, I think that I'm going to stick with this one for now.  I saw that they lowered the price of the phone, and raised the price of my plan to 35/mo (all us old faithful users are grandfathered at the old price) but, still a bargain!Bottom line:  if you're going to use your phone for stuff, and use it often, and don't want to live in fear of the 'bill shock' this is a great carrier/phone combo.  No, its not the latest dual core gHz AMOLED ice cream sandwiched techno-masterpiece, its just a work horse that does 99% of what you need.  GPS, no problem:  I'm an avid Google Maps user, and every day I use CardioTrainer to track my running/biking/hiking - flawless.  Social networking:  I'm using the Google+ app, works fine, as does Twitter (eesh, and Facebook if you have to).  Text:  Get Google Voice ASAP - flawless.  Tunes: Audible, Pandora, Slacker, Spotify, Virgin Mobile Live, Sticher, and so many more.  I check out video from CNET and have used other apps but, can't speak much to that other than to say it works fine.  Games:  Yeah, Angry Birds et al works fine, at least according to my son, who never stops playing that and the other 200+ games we've accumulated (thanks Amazon free app of the day!).As long as I've mentioned it, definitely download the Amazon apps, including the cloud MP3 player.  Just beware, buying MP3's is like an addiction to crack - way too easy and very satisfying in the short run (so I'm told).  Way to often I'll hear something on Pandora, pop over to the Amazon MP3 app and, 3 to 8 bucks and 10 seconds later, I'm listening to the album.But hey, with the, literally, 80/mo extra it would cost (and I'm not paying) for an equivalent plan from Verizon, I can afford it :-)  I can also afford the Pandora upgrade, Hearts of Space for a year, Spotify Ultimate each month, an OnLive subscription (got a beta for the phone, works fine but, also tethers to the iPad, where it really works great) and, a few MP3 albums to my iTunes collection each month.By the way, Spotify syncs your iTunes (music, podcasts) automatically over Wi-Fi to the phone as soon as I get home (but everything is also there via Amazon's cloud and 3G) so, it plays nice with Apple.  Also, as soon as I walk into my home's Wi-Fi net, pictures and videos upload automatically to my Mac via Google+.  It's really a sweet setup and totally painless to set up.Doing the math, I can buy 5 of these phones (me, my ex, my son, and our 2 nephews), pay for their termination fees, and pay for the monthly bill for all of them, and still pay less than the cost of 1 to 2 hideous Verizon/ATT plans for with all the minutes, data, tethering, texting and 'stuff' that they charge you for.  Literally, I'm looking at the Verizon bill for the two of them and its over 250 bucks and I'm really not sure what some of that stuff is, just that the Verizon Rep says those things have to be on it.And since most of the rest of my family lives in Asia and Europe, using Android SIPP clients (via Google Voice) to call them for free, well, that saves another bunch each month - plus via Google+ and hangouts, we can literally just 'hang out' with video and voice for hours on end.That brings up one annoyance since the video 'hangout' became popular among friends, family and work - no front facing camera.  But I remedied that with an external bluetooth vid-cam, as well as bluetooth stereo headset/mic I use while jogging (works great).  Problem solve, probably would have done it that way eventually anyway (I get tired of looking up my son's nose while he talks).  As for memory, I move every app to the SD card if it can go and tend not to use those that won't.I bought another one of these just too goof around with and root - gingerbread and ice cream sandwich work and look great on this phone and there are some nice custom ROMs out there if you're so inclined.  Virgin/Sprint say a Gingerbread upgrade is in the works but, I wouldn't hold my breath.  Android 2.2 is kind of old but, nevertheless, if you're looking for something that just works, it may be old but its very dependable (eg: stable, doesn't crash and I can always take a call no matter what's running - that's what phones are for, right?)Said much more than I meant too so, let me say this to wrap it up (the real bottom line, promise):  this is the Honda Civic of phones and service.  You have to pay a little more up front, and you know that you're not getting the latest in car stereo's or flashy trim but, you also know that a Civic will always get you to work, sip gas, and you won't need to budget each month for repairs.  At the current price, you don't even have to pay a lot up front.In other words, this phone will not impress your local barista techno fashion wannabes but you will NOT feel any remorse if you find something you like better 6 months from now, drop it in the toilet, or leave it at the restaurant.  You won't worry about handing it to the kids to play games while out at the restaurant, or dropping it, jogging with it if it looks like it might rain and, if Virgin's service doesn't fly for you, well, you're not really out anything and you're not tied to a contract for the next 2 years.

The phone is great but in the Key Features section on the webpage on Amazon it had stated that the phone came with a built in FM radio.  It doesn't come with that feature.  I was disappointed in the false advertisement.  Everything else is wonderful about this phone.  I was extremely happy with Amazon but not the seller/retailer.

Just a note that the lowest monthly VM plan has just gone up today from $25 per to $35 per month. May still be the best bargain around. But it slows me down in upgrading to the Optimus V.Did I read right in the reviews that the phone will work for calls, Internet and email if in a wifi zone? Without a data plan? Virgin Mobile said I could transfer my 800 anytime minutes to a new phone. Maybe that would give me phone coverage anywhere - and Internet/email if in a wifi spot...?

Bought this phone from online store (not Amazon), after 2 weeks of use found dust under the screen cover, sent the phone back - received - the same story!Engineers of LG are terrible! You have to be really inattentive to not spot the leak of the dust.I still use the phone, it's ok in terms of simple smartphone usage, but battery is holding 7-10 hours if you use it as GPS (useless inside of the appartment), little of music, little of web-surfing.I will not recommend this phone (an all LG phones actually) for two reasons:1. Dust leak is a terrible mistake2. Battery life is terrible unefficient

I loved this phone when I first got it a year ago.  Since then, it's gone downhill.  The 3G has disappeared and hasn't come back, the screen freezes and takes forever to unfreeze, the battery life sucks, and it's constantly running out of space despite the fact I have very few apps on it.

This is my first time with a prepaid plan ... and I am happy so far!  I decided to give up my Droid with the expensive Verizon service in order to "downsize" our monthly costs.  I chose the Optimus based on good reviews, and Virgin Mobile because of the low-cost plans & unlimited texting & web.  So far, I have been very happy & don't feel like I have had to compromise my service or perks at all, but at a fraction of the price!!Use the code LD5pudWV when you activate your phone & you will get an extra 60 minutes of airtime - which stretches your discount even further!!

I downgraded from an HTC Evo 4g to a Samsung Restore (switching from Sprint to Virgin Mobile) due to the outrageous service plan... Then I couldn't take not having a smart phone and the lack of connectivity to email, facebook, etc. so I got this phone. At first it exceeded my expectations, most of my Android apps purchased on my Evo transferred over, albeit the games being a severely downgraded version. However I didn't get this phone for a processing powerhouse, as everyone seems to mention.The touch screen is great (not iPhone great, but better than that blasted Samsung Instinct I had), GPS, wifi, camera and 3G... as far as functionality goes this phone has it. The basics of a smart phone and it does them more than adequately. Some things are a little slow, but meh, I paid $50 for this phone on sale. I was pleased.However this phone will randomly reboot.Maybe once a day to every other day, or up to 3 times a day... just out of the blue. Sometimes I will be in the middle of a text... other times it will just be sitting on the counter and BLAM start screen and "Virgin Mobile" will sound. One time it did it right after I hung up, luckily it's never done it in the middle of a phone call or I might have thrown the phone against the wall.It is this phone's Achilles Heel. Forum searching has brought up the possible solution of swapping the memory card for one that is faster. I took mine out for a few days and it made no difference (except that I couldn't take pictures). Luckily it is infrequent enough to not be too much of a problem, however it was bothersome enough to warrant this review to warn others.I will update this review if any sort of firmware update in the future solves this issue.I have had this phone since December 20th, 2011Edit March 26th 2012: So after people commented and said that the random rebooting is NOT a common issue with this phone I sent the phone in to LG for warranty repair. They kept the phone for a week and a half and when I got it back, it said:Symptom/Cause: Language errorRepair/Replacement: Download new softwareFirst of all I was upset because I was without a phone for a week and a half and could've updated the firmware myself, if that's all it took. Secondly, I've had the phone back for a week now and it is still doing it. Three random reboots so far, one in the middle of a call. I'm more than upset and will update this review again pending LG's response.Edit March 27th 2012: Two more, just in one day. Sorry, I just happened to be on Amazon, figured I'd update. I'll update again AFTER I contact LG.Edit July 8th 2012: Ended up sending it back in again, they sent it back saying they replaced the charging port (?). It worked okay for a month maybe (one or two reboots). Now it's back to 2 a day on average. This has been quite the frustrating experience. Especially dealing with the turdburglars at LG. This is obviously a known issue with this phone according to the message boards, and they still won't replace the phone. I've contacted them again and have yet to hear from them. Major fail. If I ever see anyone that works at LG I'm going to return this phone to them, suppository-style.Edit July 15th 2012: After LG customer service ignored my emails, I filed another warranty claim. It is restarting every. single. time. I check it for a text, or it rings or a gust of wind pushes a butterfly outside. I have never had to restrain myself from smashing a piece of technology with a cinderblock so much as right now. I have one last ounce of faith that LG will do the right thing and replace this defective unit.Aug 4th 2012: Got my old phone back with a note saying they replaced the main board. To top it off, Virgin had deactivated my account 3 days after my payment posted, put a lock on my phone and used up 40 minutes of my 300 while my phone was in the hands of LG technicians. Shady stuff. I'm so through with this.Aug 7th 2012: First reboot since I got the phone back for the third time, phone was sitting on the desk. I have lost all faith in LG products and their technical support based solely on this interaction and my experience with this untrustworthy piece of technology. I'm gonna see if I can activate my old Nokia brickphone....Aug 20th 2012: I can't believe I'm still writing in here, I doubt anyone is even reading this... So ever since I got my phone back from LG the 3G service stopped working. So 3 hours over a period of 3 days on the phone with Virgin support (who are way more helpful than LG support, btw) and after tons of troubleshooting I FINALLY got what I've been asking for this whole time... a replacement phone! Guess what it does too?! Yup, after 5 days with it, so far I've had 1 reboot yesterday and 2 today... just that I've noticed. I think I'm going to get a Blackberry Curve, I've always heard good things about Blackberry's and the Curve has excellent reviews.Further notes about the phone: sometimes the display stays on and doesn't auto-dim (the first one... not the replacement) which obviously had a devastating effect on battery life. The new one doesn't do this... yet.Also, another critical design flaw is the lack of an LED for message, missed call and other notifications. The ironic part is that the OS has options to turn on or off the LED notifications. Actually, that's not irony... it's more of a statement as to how much thought went into the design of this phone. I'm not updating this review anymore, even if the phone explodes in my hand... I think anyone reading this can come to the conclusion that something like that happening is only a logical extension of the nature of this phone. Good night.

I have had this phone for 14 months now and I love it. It does everything I need. Fixing to upgrade to the reverb phone because this one does not have ice cream sandwich and no flash for camera or come with adobe flash player. Plus I want a 4G and a bigger screen now. This is a 3G and I want more memory. It takes great pictures and very good videos. Very clear. It's light and has swipe to unlock feature. It is great for the price. I would recommend it to anyone. I will miss it but want newer technology and the reverb is only $50- more dollars than this one. Optimus Also has great GPS navigation. Love the widgets and can get apps from google play.It holds lots of your music and has google search. The screen is no problem in touching it and has swype feature for texting but I don't use that. Thank Virgin Mobile. You make gereat affortable prepaid phones for only 40- a month too includes 300 min unlimited text and web. Picks up wi-fi great too.

I've had this phone for about a year and a half and I can't believe it's still holding up!Pros:-I drop it on concrete LITERALLY 4 times a week yet the screen and all functions have remained intact.-Because Virgin has good prepaid plans, I've never had to sign a contract to use this baby.  I pay 50-something bucks a month for unlimited data, unlimited text messaging and something like 500 anytime, anywhere (in the USA) talk minutes.  And, if I ever need to drop my life here and jet off to Asia, I don't have a contract following me!-It has enough memory to handle some basic apps like google maps, public transportation trackers, mobile banking, etc.Cons:-Limited storage:  Every few days I have to delete texts messages and data or else it slows down and runs out of memory.  Even though I move as many apps as possible to the SD card, this phone just can't handle any more than a rudimentary set of apps.  I think this is largely due to the annoying bloatware that comes with the phone and cannot be removed.  I can't fit Facebook or Twitter on here unless I want to remove pretty much all of my other elective apps.-Limited text capability:  You can't take part in group chats via SMS.  When people reply in a group, I just get blank texts (unless it's the individual who started the chat).  It's REALLY annoying constantly asking people to send their messages directly to you because you can't see what they're saying in the group chats.  I've had friends who didn't believe me and thought I was just blowing them off and lying about it because I didn't want to hang out with them (-they just couldn't fathom a fun without this function!).-Slow processing:  Probably because of the limited storage, it takes forever to watch videos on this device.  I usually don't even bother because it streams so slowly.  Moreover, it freezes up and needs to be restarted just about every two days.-Rudimentary camera:  The camera doesn't have a flash and, of course, isn't apple quality.In short:Get this durable, basic smartphone if you're clumsy, cheap, low-maintenance and only interested in downloading a few, non-frivolous apps.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. It certainly is not a top of the line device, but it is a solid little phone and does what it advertises. I've left it on for months at a time, recharging it at night, and the battery life hasn't decreased. It does not have a case or screen protector, and I've dropped it dozens of times - on the floor, down stairs, on concrete, in snow - yet it continues to work. It is a hardy little device. It does have some problems running resource-intensive apps, so if you are an avid gamer or developer you may want to look at something with a little more power under the hood. But if you are looking for a solid, inexpensive Android device that can take a beating and keep performing, this is a phone to really consider.

i purchased this phone from the Best Buy website. $27 dollars a month for unlimited web / text / e-mail at 3G speeds sounded too good to be true! i have had this phone for one year and i can say its tremendous disappointment. for one the internal memory is only 150MB with a 2gb sd card. i don't have a lot of apps a mere handful like twitter / facebook / google maps / tunein radio. the apps take a lot of memory. and you need to buy an app called "move to SD card" the app allows some programs to instal and run off the sd card. which is good. but some apps need to run from the internal memory. the phone is exceptionally slow in launching apps and web surfing. virgin mobile so called 3G service STINKS! i live in brooklyn new york so you would think i would not get a speed drop from 3G to 1X after a certain time of night, but it happens, the speed goes from 3G to 1X after 7pm. you would think a place like new york city virgin mobile would have enough towers to meet the demands of its subscribers? NO! for the whole city there are but a handful of towers and only 2 or 3 in brooklyn. had i known virgin mobile performed this poorly in a big city like this i never would have subscribed to their service. you can not surf in the comfort of your own home,at least not where i live. you have to go out in the open to get a decent signal to surf. even the so called 3G signal is slow and spotty,at best.overall the phone does not have enough internal memory, its battery life even with software like green power premium will only last two days without use. and four hours with use. without green power premium, the battery won't last even a day. apps for the phone are slow to launch and sometimes freeze up and stop working. virgin mobile's 3G service should be ranked DEAD LAST. because in a city as large as mine you should at minimum watch a youtube video without it stopping to buffer countless times. i would not recommend using this phone or the virgin mobile service.

This is a very capable phone. I received it really quickly and all was good and working properly. It doeas pretty much everything I want except for some memory limitations, its a bit heavier than I thought and the battery doesn't last as long as I need. But playing with settings and installing just the stuff you use frequently alleviates the issies. It is a very good entry level smartphone!

This phone I BOUGHT FOR ME AND MY DAUGHTER good phone but my daughter s kept freezing up. she got it switched out three times still had problemms

As one of the few remaining Americans that didn't own a cell phone, I finally broke down and became a Virgin Mobile customer because of their awesome prices for cell services.  As for this LG Optimus V Android phone I have to say I've been disappointed with it's lack of internal phone memory and constant freezing up.  It's not a horrible phone but due to the lack of phone memory I find myself having to limit the amount of apps I am able to store on the phone.  Even with the 2gb removable memory card not every app can be ported to the card.  This LG Optimus V also comes with a lot of bloatware that you can not remove from it and takes up a large portion of phone memory.  It's a entry level Android phone but you will grow weary of uninstalling apps to allow the phone to run properly.  The battery drains rather quickly and you will find yourself carrying around a charger with you almost everywhere you go.  I would also recommend purchasing the car charger if you plan on using the Navigation app because the navigation drains the battery something fierce.  Again, it's not a horrible phone but there are a lot better options that you can choose from.  I would also purchase a new Micro SD card with more memory to replace the 2gb card it comes with.  Personally I will be looking to upgrade this phone within the next 6-9 months but I'll be a Virgin Mobile customer for a long time coming.

Well this is not the best Android phone out there but I really don't care. I just came out of a 2 year relationship with AT&T;, and I was itching to be separated from them and their monthly bills. I read up on Virgin Mobile with respect to their phones, plans, customer service, and overall reviews of previous and current owners. I must say that I am pleased with my purchase. The phone is inexpensive, it is made relatively well (I should know because I accidentally dropped it on my first day of use, and I was surprised to find that it was fully intact with no scratches), the phone has simple commands and controls, and it's kinda cute.Let's see, one of the things that I do not like about the phone is the graphics. They could have put a little more into providing a better screen, I guess so that the overall quality of images would be reflected. I had a phone from Tmobile before this one and man that thing was a beauty. I had to return it since Tmobile was unclear about their charges. The other issue is the keyboard. I still haven't been able to type properly on mine as yet. I don't know if this thing has a learning curve "ha ha" to it but it's a chore typing out messages.Overall, I'm satisfied with my phone. I haven't had any disruptions in service and I feel comfortable knowing that I don't have to open up a bill that looks likes a premium membership fee.

A friend of mine bought this phone at WalMart for $200-mine was $120 (my ex-husband has it through Sprint). It's my first smart phone and I did a lot of customer review checking-this phone came up on top-way on top for the price. Plus my bill thru Virgin Mobile is $45 mo. unlimited text, web, & 1200 min-more than enough for me. The battery could last a little longer, but I got a car charger on Amazon for $2.65, and a great protector case for $2.99. I couldn't be happier. Easy to use touch screen, and a ton of free apps on the Android market. LOVE this phone &lt;3

It works, it was cheap, and I am completely satisfied, sure- it's not as responsive to my touch as an Iphone or whatever, but it cost 40.00.

Best handy Android-equipped phone. Couldn't be happier: I just wish I was younger (than 45 y/o) to see better the web pages on the screen.

I purchased this phone for my Son.  I wish I didn't due to not being able to have access to some of the apps.  Plus this phone is starting to freeze, but I believe its due to lack of memory.  need to purchase a SD card to see if thats the problem. but just for calls and texts, it is doing the job. Then again, if he wants a better phone he will have to get it himself..

If you currently do not have a smartphone and are looking to get your toes wet, this is the phone for you.As far as smartphones the Optimus V is on the basic side. There is no face-to-face video, no dual cameras, not 3D, no dual core processor and has a smaller screen than most newer phones.However, the Optimus V does run Android and can run most apps you find on the android market. It plays video and music well, but does not have an HD screen. It is very durable, I've owned mine for about 2 years and it still works great and inspite of dropping in several times it's not all scratched up.In my area it gets very good reception and sound quality of the calls is very good. The touch screen works great out of the box and installing my 32g memory card was as simple as sliding it into the slot.The only down side is that it has a dated processor so it does not run all apps as smoothly as other phones do. The screen is smaller compared to more expensive phones as well. Perhaps the most annoying part of the phone is the low amount of internal memory. There are seval apps that have to be intalled on the internal memory and cannot be moved to an SD card. So, after a while you will have to move as many apps as possible to the SD card(not included). You can also uninstall updates for some the hardwired apps that you can't uninstall. I believe you can uninstall the SCVNGR,WHERE and Poynt updates to clear space, if needed.However, for $99 with no contracts or strings attached this is phone is one of the best values on the market if you are just looking for a basic cellphone. It has built in  GPS and it can give you voice directions and maps just like any other GPS, which I find to be a very nice option.

this product doesn't work in trinidad because of no sim card port so i returned for one with a sim card port hope you will be able to assist.

This is my first smartphone. It really fits my budget but beyond its actual value in terms of purpose, functionality, and beauty. The signal both phone and 3g are great in our area in tucson. The phone itself is responsive with so many free apps available at android market. Nobody beats the monthly plan as well. Me happy happy! The best thing is, I can upgrade my phone later without thinking of money spent on this one and no contract. Great value for my money. From my previous other carrier bill of $100/mo now down to $45/mo...something to brag about. It's like me saying in your face and forget you voracious old bill. My financial heart is no longer hurting each time i see my bill. Soothing to my pocket.ME  H  A  P  P  Y  H  A  P  P  Y !!

I love my OptimusV phone. You can see satellite  views of houses from above and streets. You can get to see places all over the world like Amsterdam from street view. It has a computer to look up things and you can order things right from your phone. You can watch videos anywhere. It has navigation showing addresses your at. Virgin Mobiles 300 talk, text plan is great! You can pay bills from your phone.  With calander , you can keep track of days and appointments. The computer is awesome!  You can download applications. Amazon is absolutely the greatest with their deals and products. You can get things from Amazon you can't get eleswhere. Texting is very useful. It has messaging to send messages. Email and Gmail is useful. A GPS is included. I prefer a car GPS like Tom Tom. A car GPS can remember where you've been to get you back there. You can make bank deposit money transfers with the Optimus V. You can deposit money from one account to another just by pushing buttons on the phone. In a few seconds, money is transferd! With Slice, you can track packages. It says 'Out for delivery' the day your package is on the postman's truck! Look up Playstore to download Slice.  I'm not sure if it can SEND pictures. It takes GOOD pictures AND videos! It is a Virgin Mobile phone. You can see the first floor of the White House AND get to see Area 51 from MAPS. Type The White House after selecting MAPS. Where it says Zaget, scroll down to street view to see the 1st floor AND the doorway to the OVAL office!!!  On area 51, What is that at the bottom of the screen???

I got tired of paying the full price at regular stores went onto Amazon and found this phone, it was 35 dollars cheaper than the same phone at VirginMobile. Thats saving money, it came early and there wasnt a scratch on it. It works great. I've had it for a couple weeks now and I can tell you this is a good bargain.

not a bad starter smartphone for someone who doesnt need any apps or for a younger child. but the memory sucks and the old version of andriod sucks even harder. you're better suited spending some more money and getting a better phone as you'll just end up having to do that eventually anyway as you'll get sick of not being able to download anything and running out of internal memory within 3 months. but the gps works and the mp3 works, which was my main reason for buying it initally. so three stars.

Ill just start by saying that this is the best deal ive ever had. I have my optimus V and will keep it for as long as i can.1st reason... Price. The price of the phone and my plan is UNBEATABLE... that plus google voice make this a very affordable cell to make calls (even free calls over internet) or texts.2nd reason... ROMS. WOW. thanks to the folks over at A.C and (other websites) who made ginger bread and the optimus V go together like bread and butter. Not only can my phone go 2 days without a charge but i can play angry birds, netflix, flash support like the other high end phones ... but best of all I can achieve a 844 MHZ overclock! (Stock is 600mhz..)3rd reason... The size. Some people complain about the screen size (even though its not significantly smaller than say the huweii) but i consider it a great thing. If i want to see a movie or play a game on a big screen then i will. But this phone fits perfect in my hand and pocket, its a the perfect size IMHO.Over all its a "mid range" phone yet it can run circles around "high end" phones, with the proper knowledge.. ive seen it happen. I cant say enough good things about my phone. ... some people think my phone is a super expensive phone ... but i tell them its not. Its running 2.3.7 CM7 and lasts days... what more you need?

This is my first smartphone-5 people in my family have one and are happy with it.  So far, I am too.  The phone arrived on time and in the package as described.  It needs to be charged every night, but the battery lasts longer the less I play with the phone.  The Swype entry and voice recognition are pretty easy to use, but not always perfect.  I am concerned that a lot of the apps require that you give permission for a picture to be taken anytime-I don't install those.  The ring/alarm tones are nice, the graphics are good, and I am very happy with the Android system-it is easy to use.

Daughter loves it just had to get a new battery, would not hold a charge.  But Great Thank you....... Great

Very useful phone for a first-time Android/smart-phone user.  Easy to learn how to use and access to the Android Store is an added plus.

Don't pay over $150 for this phone! Phone is currently listed $149 at Virgin (free-shipping) and most major retailers (in-stock).

ring volume is not great.....Keyboard IS minuscule, but i got it for99.99 at Best Buy......Edit......If you like your music on the loud side (I do when I listen to Beethoven,etc....!) this is not the phone for you.....It's wimpy.I even bought sennheiser ear buds for this phone..So next year I will ask around...This is just ok

Pros: InexpensiveAvailable through Virgin Mobile - no contract, and $40/month for 1200 minutes and unlimited text/data.Feels like a good quality phoneI love the Android OSSwype is very coolCons:Battery life is shortScreen is on the smaller sideStock keyboard is frustratingly inaccurateVirgin Mobile disabled some WiFi hotspotThis is my first Android phone. I upgraded from a Blackberry Pearl 8130 which I kept through a 3-year contract. It was getting quite stale, to say the least. I'm quite pleased with the functionality, speed, and customization options with this phone and the Android OS. This is my first Android phone and I just cannot put the thing down. I want to download tons of apps and customize this phone and the Android Market and the world of apps available make this very easy to do.Phone calls: Overall call quality and speakerphone is good.Android OS: Excellent, I love how many things can be customized and further customized through apps or mods. Android syncs with your Google account so it will pick up uncommon words, like a last name, street name, etc. as long as they are stored somewhere in your Gmail or Google account. This is kind of creepy but really cool because I just entered my Gmail and everything is ready to go. I was contemplating an iPhone but now I'm seriously considering upgrading to a nice dual core Android phone sometime next year. Android just has so many options.Camera: 3.2 MP is OK but not on part with the iPhone or some of the nice 5 or 8 MP phones. The video is "meh", but I'm not making movies with this thing.Screen: One the smaller side but quite beautiful, despite the lower resolution than most of the higher-end phones on the market.Performance: Pretty fast but you have to learn to kill apps to keep it at its best and from sapping battery life with background apps. This performs better than the specs would suggest.Keyboard:One of the major cons with this phone is the keyboard is not very accurate when tapping out words. I have larger fingers but my wife got the same phone and her small fingers still result in inaccurate taps. The savior to the crappy keyboard is the Swype feature.Overall, I'm pleased with the service through Virgin Mobile. I live close to a major interstate with a Sprint cell tower not too far from home. I never have less than three bars, even when inside of my brick house, and my 3G does not disconnect like many people have claimed. All three of the Virgin Mobile plans (25/40/60) are great deals and cannot be beat. The only drawback to VM is that Sprint towers just don't cover rural areas. I can drive a half hour into the country and have virtually no service. I went on a road trip from Seattle, WA to Jackson, MS and had no service at all between Spokane, WA and Sioux City, SD. That included stops in Missoula, MT, Bozeman, MT, and Rapid City, SD. Once I got to Sioux City I had decent service for most of the way to Jackson, MS.So, all in all I'm quite pleased with this purchase and have recommended it to multiple friends looking for new phones with inexpensive, no strings attached plans.Update: April 13, 2012The phone is still going strong. One major complaint I have - VERY LOW internal storage. You can only download a few apps before you start receiving low storage space warnings. Second, the battery life gets worse as the battery ages. I want a new phone, but I'm holding out for an iPhone on Virgin Mobile because as much as I love the look and feel of the iPhone, I just cannot justify paying such high monthly usage fees to the cartel of contract cell carriers. I'm confident Apple will get on the ball and release either an iPhone 4 or 4s to the prepaid carriers later this year, I'm pretty sure I would be happy with either of those options, mainly due to the relatively massive internal storage and the excellent battery life.

Item arrived on time as stated and exactly as described. Good job. Will always recommend Amazon. Keep me updated on latest versions.

I've been a satisfied Virgin Mobile pay-as-you-go customer for over a year.I've decided to upgrade to my first smart phone.I purchased this fully aware of the common complaints about how quick the battery drains.It's not a big deal for me to have to recharge it whenever I have the means - using the USB connected to my work PC, in the car while I'm driving or at home using the provided charger.Since this is my very first smart phone, I really can't give any comparison.I based my decision on all the reviews I've read, the satisfaction I have with VM and the fact that I can return the phone in case I'm not happy.  I also went to BestBuy to check out how the phone feels in my hand.So far I am very, very happy!!!I got the lowest $25 beyond talk plan which has all the (unlimited) data needs I have and the 300 minutes of talk time is more than what I need.There are so many free apps in the marketplace that I found very useful.The phone is very responsive.I'm using it mainly for e-mail, calendar, alarm clock, notes, shopping list, product bar code reader, watching videos, web browsing, listening to radio, calculator, annoying call blocking, weather, news and even games like angry birds for my kids just to name the few useful apps that I found in the Droid market place.Now, I spend less time checking e-mails with my PC.I spend those times plaing with my kids instead.It connects to my home wireless network but I don't really have to since my plan includes unlimited 3G access.Activition was smooth too, considering I was switching from a VM pay-as-you-go talk-only plan to a beyond-talk plan.The VM rep was helpful and was able to transfer my remaining balance from the old plan to the new plan and port my phone number in no time.In summary,CON - quick battery discharge, though you can disable unecessary apps and/or use apps like JuiceDefender that can do that for youPRO - the phone has got a everything I need, happy with the service from VMAnyway, I am sure there are much better smart phones out there.But for the price of the device and the no-contract beyond-talk plan from VM, it's a win-win for me.Good luck shopping for your next smart phone, I hope you'll find one the suits you.

Pros: It's cute and light. My phone bill is cheap (Virgin) and I love the Android OS. BUT This isn't a review about a Virgin Plan or Androids, this is a review about a BAD PHONE.Cons: It's December, I purchased my 1st LG Optimus V from Best Buy in June. In October, I was out, the battery completely died, got home to charge it, wouldn't charged. Got another phone, a new one. Now it's December, happened again. Also constantly crashes, freezes and apps disappear.Summary: I'm very unhappy.I don't know how many of these 5 stars reviews have had their phones for more than 3 months (or are not rating the phone based on its usability but the price), but this is unacceptable. I went to Best Buy, although they're not suppose to replace phones they did (I'm suppose to send it to the factory and just be phoneless for a week). The problem wasn't the battery, the phone completely lost its ability to turn back on even w/ a new battery. Just terrible. TWICE.

The only thing I liked about this phone is you could sync your email to the phone and it would transfer all your contacts. Other than that, looking up contacts took forever. You have to scroll through ALL your contact if the one you were looking for was at the end of the alphabets. The charge didn't hold on the battery (even if I deleted apps, which I did. I ended up deleting all but those that kept the phone usable), in the end it just refuse to charge even if I had it charging over night. Also to charge it I couldn't just plug it into the electrical outlet I had to charge it from my PC. I didn't think it was that bad when I read the reviews, but it is.

Love this phone. Has all the features you would ever want. The screen could be bigger, but no biggy. Also you can't beat Virgins cell phone plan. $35.00 for unlimited data is the BEST on the market, and no contract. Why anyone would choose a more expensive plan with less is beyond me.

I paid $65 dollars for this phone online.  No Contract needed.I originally got it for an Android programming class to test out my apps.I liked the phone so much I activated it.  It's Virgin Mobile.  I have unlimited data, unlimited text, and 300 minutes a month for $35 dollars a month with NO contract.  I think it's a great deal when comparing to AT&T; and Verizon and T Mobile.  Coverage may be a problem for some, but not for me.If minutes is a problem you can always use Skype for unlimited calling in North America for 3 dollars a month.IF you have the coverage, I highly recommend this phone.

I am not one of those giving lower marks because the item broke or crashes all the time.Rather, the device incorporates two of the most annoying design failings ever found on a phone.1. The speaker is TOOOOOOOOOOO LOUDDDDDDD. The very lowest setting available in reality ought to be a 7 out of 8 rather than the 1 that it is (along with the missing 1-6). And though the phone goes louder still, there is no reason why anyone should ever want even the 7 that sits in the 1 slot of volume control.How about giving us people who aren't talking on an airport tarmac with a jet spooling up a volume level that doesn't rattle the speaker and blast our eardrums! Plus this is my second LG Optimus. I have owned the Optimus V with Virgin and the T with T-Mobile. Both exactly the same.2. After dialing a call and pressing the go button or upon answering, the screen SHUTS OFF, which leaves no way to find the speaker button, which itself is tragically a soft button rather than what it should have been to begin with, on the body.3. Those items took owning one to know. Even beforehand, I willingly (reluctantly) surrendered the idea of a flash that could be used either for photographs or as a flashlight. Plenty of disappointment right there.4. The power button is nearly impossible to feel by touch only. Even when looking, they made it so teeny that a fingernail is the best means for pressing the thing in.5. They put the dorky smile button right next to and bigger than the period, which means frequently dropping a smile in rather than the intended punctuation mark.6. LG forces all capitals when entering www or http, which sort of sucks if only because their programer should no better, then additionally because I don't want a stupid phone forcing any change in my grammar or syntax.One thing I do like is the 4 buttons on the front. Imagine the dopey Apple freaks being willing to put up with the inferior Mac computers and iPhones all these years, each of them barren of convenient physical buttons for common functions. So LG got that part right, yet botched the finesse items. Two stars rather than one for kind of functioning if you avoid the speaker and for the quite decent screen response (which I figure they all have, however).

The 2nd best phone Virgin Mobile has since the Triumph just came out.You will like the phone but you will dislike the inconsistent Internet access - it's usually really good or really bad.

Bought this used almost 3 years ago, and it still works.  Only had to purchase a new one recently because Froyo (OS) was too old to support my app for work.  Still use it as a backup, and MP3 player!

Bought this because I was becoming increasingly disappointed my with Samsung Intercept. The Intercept was sluggish, unreliably connected to the network, and burned through the battery in no time. The Optimus is snappy, clear, faster, and has enough memory to run Tasker without a constant "Low Memory" warning. I can't recommend this phone enough. It is a superior product for a decreased price.

I love this phone. It comes with 2.2.2 droid firmware. Mine came with a messed up mic. Other than that, it's great. All the other services work perfect. I don't use my phone to call alot. Just texting and alot, I mean alot, of browsing. Great smartphone by Virgin Mobile.

I bought the Optimus V a couple of years ago for about $120. At first I thought it was a steal, but I realized pretty quickly that you get what you pay for. A few months after I bought the phone, it started to experience a lot of lag. Everything feels like it takes 5 times as long as it should. Even the keyboard takes a few seconds to pull up when I want to type something. Nothing is instantaneous. Part of the slowness might be due to the tiny internal storage, which causes my phone to frequently complain about running low on space even though I've limited myself to just a few apps and I've moved everything I can to the SD card.To make matters worse, half of the apps I use crash on a regular basis. The GPS navigation causes the phone to crash at least once every time I first open it. In fact, the GPS crashes occur with such regularity that I've gotten into the habit of opening the navigation app before heading out so that the phone will crash before I'm in the car, just to get the crash out of its system.One smaller con about this phone is that the audio quality of recorded videos is horrendous. To be fair, that's the kind of thing you should expect from a cheap phone like this, but I want to mention it as a warning to anyone planning to record videos. It was a big disappointment for me.I understand that a phone this cheap is not going to be a powerhouse, but the performance is so bad that it's not even worth buying unless you only want to do the most basic of tasks, and even then it's questionable. I wish I had simply paid extra for a better phone. I'm moving to the Moto G next month and I can't wait to toss out my Optimus V.

The LG Optimus V is by all means, a perfectly reliable, albeit simple phone. To describe it in a single word, I'd call it "adequate." I enjoyed nearly everything about this phone, but its few minor and increasingly frustrating flaws have led me to quickly begin searching for a superior device.To begin with the positive, I loved the fact that the LGOV packs many of the features commonly sought after from modern smartphones in a sweet slim compact design, meaning you won't have to carry around a brick in your pocket just to check a Yelp review or write an email. In addition, the app suite available for download for the LGOV is almost as wide as for a brand new phone, but being that it is a slightly outdated phone (Android OS 2.2) several apps won't be available.That being said, while finding apps to use for your phone won't be difficult, operating them may be. This phone is somewhat slow, at least compared to newer models. This isn't a problem when you're calling or texting, but processor intensive functions cause noticeable lag - browsing the web or your photo gallery can be a chore sometimes, and you can forget about gaming on this phone.Another (last) major gripe about this phone is its embarrassingly tiny internal memory which can't handle downloading more than a handful of apps or in-text pictures from friends. I hated having to rummage through the memory to delete items to make room for new ones, and even though I have a microSD, not much can be ported over.Overall, for the purpose of making calls and sending texts regularly, this phone fits the bill if you want to save money. I loved that this phone was super cheap and it served most of my needs decently. My needs have since outgrown this phone's capabilities, but if yours remain basic, then this phone is reliable, sturdy and quite a deal.

this is a review I have wanted to write for the pass two weeks, thats how long I have had the phone and I really like this phone its a solid phone I have had know problem's with it. I"am done with contract phones, done with spending $110 a month which comes out to about $1350.00 a year. Why spend that when virgin mobile has a $25,$40 & a$60 plan save, save save.you can be spending that money some other way. So dont wait get the phone if you can get the phone for a $150 bucks or  less grab it and run cuz the phone has been out of stock in alot of stores. But I think  amazon has gone crazy with that $280.

This is a nice phone, it's not super high end by any means but its a great phone in that it meets all of the criteria for what a $99 smartphone should be.  The battery life is solid, not great, but not bad either. Performance is solid with the stock apps loading quickly and the OS performance is quick as well.  The build is right, the buttons on the phone are right, its just a nice solid package. There's nothing bad about this phone, people might complain it lacks this or that, but in terms of what you get for $99 this phone does it all.

I've had this phone for a little over a month and I love it.  The main cons are battery life issues and 3G connectivity issues.  Both of these can be partially solved by an app called auto pilot which turns airplane mode on and off when you are getting a weak signal, thereby saving your battery AND fixing a bug that prevents the phone from connecting back to 3G after connection was lost.  You still sometimes need other tricks like re-activating the phone, and even calling tech support.  Or sometimes just go do something else and forget about the phone and it will fix itself.  So yeah, 3G can be hit or miss, it's fast when it works, and it sucks when you can't connect to it.The best thing about the phone is the cheap virgin mobile plans.  They start at $25 per month which is the best deal you will find anywhere for an android phone with unlimited data and texts.  I don't like plans that require 2 year contracts, I would much rather pay the full un-subsidized cost of the phone than have that built into my plan, forcing me to subsidize everyone else's expensive phones.I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for an entry level android phone.

I have had a Virgin Mobile phone for a several years. Three months ago, out of the blue, I wasn't receiving calls or texts and outgoing calls resulted in a canned response that I am "within range of a Sprint Private network, please move outside of the private network before making a call." This is from my house and I work from home.  This seemed illegal. After walking angerly down the street, I was able to call Virgin Mobile tech support at 1-877-600-8065. They of course don't want to support the phone while I was talking on it. I explained that this was my only phone and that I worked from home, so no work number. He gave me notes which I wrote down. They had me try to reset the MSID and MDN #s by typing #847446 hit the disconnect or power button.  This opens the NAM window. They had me re-enter the same numbers in that were already there. MSID was a number similar to the phone's number and the MDN was my phone's number. OK'ing out of the NAM menu rebooted the phone. All worked alright for a few days. I was still only getting one bar in an area that they said I should have four bars, but I received calls and I could call out without the message. Three days passed. I tried the NAM reset again, but it did not work. After three more resets of the phone it finally let me call out again.Two days later, the message came back. I tried the reset several times to no avail. I called the support line and they were aware of the problem and they explained it to me. One of my neighbors has received an 'Airave' Sprint signal booster that Virgin phones try to connect to. Virgin Mobile works off of Sprint's network and unless I knew who had the Airwave and I asked them to have me added to their allowed list, I was out of luck. I was not happy. He had me reset NAM info again. The reset continued to work off and on for 2 months. I called back last week and asked if they had a solution. I of course had to re-explain the situation, where he again said I should do the reset. I said that wasn't good enough and that I needed to be transferred to billing for a refund. At this time he said that the problem could be resolved by a specific list of 4-5 phones, all of which were 2 year old models. They all could be programmed to ignore the Sprint 'Airwave' booster as a signal provider/tower. The Kyocera X-tc was the one that seemed the top of the list. He did not have the power to ship it out to me without supervisor approval, but the supervisor approved it and at this point my 1 bar phone disconnected. I called back and had to start over from scratch. Repeat for effect 'from scratch'. They have no record of any previous conversations. Again, I got to supervisor approval. They approved and then the help desk person said they could not locate a phone in supply to send to me. They suggested I call back the next morning and they could get it sent out. Reason being was stated that the phone supplies changed dramatically every four hours and it was likely to be available in the morning. I agreed, as everything went well with this phone tech. I called back in the morning and had to start over from scratch.I had gotten to the point where I was asked which phone I needed (approved by supervisor etc.) My one bar phone disconnected again. I called back again and had gotten to the supervisor approval stage when again I lost connection. I walked down the street and made the call again with two bars.  I of course had to start over from scratch and explained at the beginning how frustrated I was getting and walked the technician through all the steps I had been through. He put me on hold (there are always several holds per call) This time it was to track down someone who knew of the Airwave issue. I again retell the situation to this tech and he never asked for the supervisors approval and proceeded to ask me how I would be paying for the phone. I explained that I had already been approved for the phone on several previous calls and said he would contact a supervisor. He came back to the phone and said that I did not have enough Top-off minutes to deduct the phone charges from. I re-explained the whole mess to him and he refused to budge. I asked to speak directly to the supervisor. The supervisor's name was Javier. He of course asked me to start from the beginning. He stated that even though for three months I was getting less than half of my incoming calls, major delays on text messages and lower signal strength than I had been receiving before, and of course could not dial out without consistently getting the message to move outside the Sprint customers zone, that it was not their fault. I would have to pay for the phone. I explained that I had been through this two times before and the only problem was with the phone availability. I asked him to check with any other supervisors, he said he was the only one. My voice had definitely been rising as I was beginning to boil over. He said that he would would like me to remain professional. I said I needed to talk to the manager or his boss, and he refused, and said that he was the highest authority in the center. I of course told him thanks for nothing.

...but my wife's phone has been a different story.  Most of her problems I have to attribute to her dislike for anything that takes time to understand.  The problem we both share is with Virgin Mobile and the constantly weak Sprint service we can access from our house.  But let us walk a block away from home and the signal strength is right there.

In all honesty, from the beginning, I wasn't looking for a 5-inch phone on which to play Angry Birds on the bus to school.I was looking for a phone that1) Can Place calls (duh)2) Can Do decent web-browsing3) Can run Maps w/ GPS4) Can Send/Receive E-mails5) Does not cost $100 per monthThe screen size is actually not too big but not too small.I wasn't looking to play games or anything on the phone so the screen size is adequate for me.As for Virgin Mobile itself, being grandfathered into VM's $25 Plan, I could not expect any more from the carrier.I get unlimited web surfing and text. Plus 200 Minutes which is plenty enough for me.One down side (although same with my parents' Sprint phone) is that I get a poor signal in my house...My parents use Sprint's Airave, but VM phones do not get along with Airave (unfortunately..)Overall, very satisfied with LG's Android phone.

gave this as a gift, have not heard any complaints. Also my wife has one and is very happy with it. Many pros and few cons. Even though the android is a google thing and gmail sets up with ease, you can download and install the yahoo mail app and it works great. phone speed seems good. signal strength is better than my blackberry. we live on fringe area and this phone will get a signal and hold a call where my bberry will drop the call unless i go outside. Seems to be a well built solid phone.

I had my first phone replaced the second one still as worthless. it  shuts off and restarts itself  on daily basis in middle of conversation or  while looking up directions, reception is horrible microphone/speaker

I don't understand the great reviews, for the phone, or for Virgin Mobile...both are terrible. The phone is unresponsive and cheaply built.  The coverage from Virgin is really bad...and I mean, really, really bad (I live in South Florida, in a highly populated region).  Friends call and leave me voice messages, but no message is there.  They send me text messages, but nothing is received.  I am in no access areas far more often than I am in areas with access.If you do decide to go this route, pray many times over that you'll never have to contact Virgin Mobile with an issue, or even with a question.  You'll be on hold for hours, and I do mean hours, and odds are the person you are finally able to speak to won't be able to help you.  I thought T-Mobile was bad (and they are), but Virgin Mobile is right there next to them.  They offer a whole new experience in customer frustration and dissatisfaction.Considering the competitive nature of the industry, you would think that there would be at least one company out there that puts customer service first and offers good value to boot.  I'm still looking.

STAY AWAY from this seller (Stock Your Home)!  My wife and I both have the LG OptimusV and have been satisfied with them, and with the Virgin Mobile service.  I purchased this phone as a replacement for my wife's, which was crushed by a vehicle. This phone was listed as New.  It arrived on time, but the box had been opened and was taped shut, the paperwork inside (instruction booklet, etc.) was crumpled as though hurriedly stuffed into the container, and the micro-SD card (without which the phone is useless) and charger that were supposed to be included were both missing. The phone itself had smudges and  'use' on the screen. Very obviously not a NEW item. I contacted Amazon, whose Customer Service rep was very helpful. He said they could not simply replace the missing items, but would arrange for return shipping and a full refund.  That process is supposed to take another week, and in the interim, my wife still does not have a working phone.  I will NOT buy again from this seller...buyer definitely be warned!  I want to leave zero stars...for the seller, NOT the phone!

----Review from Months ago----I bought it yesterday from Bestbuy for $199.99, I bought two and one came with the colors of the screen messed up. I exchanged the one that was messed up. Now, I am happy they are both working fine. This phone used to be less than $150 like a month ago (I wish I had sooner). Usually, amazon has low prices, but this price is too much.Bestbuy has a $30 plan to cover your phone from damages for 2 years. And a lot better than getting it from virgin that you have to be paying $5 for each month, plus more.For $25, unlimited text, unlimited data and 300 mins. Sounds too good, I decided to get this right away after doing my research (plus, even free tethering if you download Quick Settings app).I have tried to able to make free calls through google voice, but it didn't work for me. On the iPhone and iPod Touch I can make free calls though (apps like Talkatone, Google Voice, etc). I wish this phone could allow me to make free calling from google so I don't have to use my Virgin minutes.I was waiting for the next iphone to come out this summer, but I decided to get this phone instead. Reason, I want to save money. ATT charges too much for plans, plus texts, and for unlimited data (200mb for $15 or 2BG for $25 and $20 for tethering). With virgin mobile, I get unlimited data and text for just $25, and unlimited everything for $60. I am good with 300 minutes though.I've been using the iPhone with tmobile for years, now it's Android with a cheap plan that I like a lot!!No government fee or surcharges. You save a lot.Netflix app was updated this month. Now I can watch Netflix all the time ;o)

However it broke kind of fast, has issues to this date.  Save your money and buy an iphone.  Or deal with this.

I've had this phone for only a year and a half and it started giving me problems less than a year of owning it.  It's now on the verge of not even functioning well enough to make a phone call.  It says that I am running out of space constantly and although I've deleted photographs, text messages, videos, apps, etc..... it still says I am running out of space????  I do not receive texts sometimes because of this which is highly irritating.  I would suggest to invest in a different brand and pay a bit more for a better quality smart phone that will last longer and be hopefully more reliable than this piece of junk.

I'm a long time Sprint customer that finally made the switch over to Virgin Mobile a few days ago, and I'm pretty satisfied with my choice.This phone alone is a big part of my satisfaction.Even though its just got a 600MHz processor, the phone is quick. I've rarely had the phone lag on me, no matter what I'm trying to run on it. This is after slogging through three different 800MHz Samsung Moments sent to me by Sprint as I spent the last year watching one Moment fail after another (they'd randomly turn themselves off on me...this is even when I had taken off nearly all of my installed applications).If you're on the fence about the Optimus V, don't be. No, it's not a 4G phone, but it provides a pretty satisfying user experience. If you can live without the bigger screen and other bells and whistles (which is why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5), this is the smart buy.

To be clear, I bought this hand-set but this review is more about a deal-breaker issue with the Virgin Mobile service. Especially if you're a business person, be very very careful before starting service. If you're a teen, this probably wont count :-)Pros: Coverage is pretty decent - way better than Metro,I think. The 3G service is nice. & For the year plus that I've been on VM, their customer service has steadily improved.Cons: I started having issues way back in Sept or Oct of 2011 when I realized I basically could not be on more than one call at a time - no multiple calls features at all! So no 3-way, no conference calls or even switching between calls! So, I called support and they said they would "send" a repair "code" to my phone automatically to fix the issue. That didn't help at all!Soon after, I got my wife the Optimus V (coz all this time, I thought it was my cheap handset that had issues) and was honestly delighted by VM's 3G service. But like my cheap hand-set, it immedietely had similar issue with multiple-call features - I started getting very suspicious of the service itself! That was Nov 2011. Just today, I called because of a billing issue (that's a story for another day!!! Grrrrr!!) and decided to follow-up on the multiple call thing that had never gotten resolved! Turns out that VM quietly got rid of multiple call features!! One of the reps I talked to said they only offer them on the very high-end phones - yap, count Optimus V out too... not even for an extra charge! Honestly, for me, that's a deal breaker. This is the last month both of us are on VM service!! To be crystal clear on how bad this issue is, if you are on one call and someone else calls you, do not swtich over to pick up! If you do, both calls will drop! YAH!! So, with everything else that's great about VM, what's the point now?!?!?!?!

It has a tiny memory because after 1 week I was to the point where in order to add an app I have to delete 1 but this still is really a great phone. And for me the battery life is O.K. because I don't play any games on it.

VM service does not stop working after you reach your minute allotment.They extend you credit so to speak even if no money is in your account.Example : You go over your 300 minutes , then you re-start plan with Top Up card , they will deduct 10 cents per minute overage charges from the card you just put in.Therefor , to get enough into your account you will have to add ANOTHER card and end up with an odd amount of "cash" in your account. They do this on purpose because they make money on the extra money sitting in your account ; )You will continue to be charged at a rate of 10 cents per minute until you add enough money to your plan and re-start your plan or change plans.There is no warning from VM. They make it difficult to know your exact minutes for this reason.DO NOT store a credit card number with them unless you want to pay several dollars in taxes for your plan. Top Up cards are NOT taxed.Also , it is a security risk and I have heard if you ever quit , they will keep charging your card.Buy "Top Up" cards in Target , etc. and add "cash" to your account that way.VM makes it difficult to know how many minutes you have used for the purpose of overcharging you.It is a scam !There is no up to date minutes total on your phone...you have to go to the website and log in. Even then , the tally is not really up to date until the next day.VM is NOT straight forward like say Straight Talk , where your actual minutes used show up on the phone and you can`t call when your minutes are up until you add a new card.Straight Talk does NOT charge you at a higher rate when your minutes are up.They let you add minutes directly into the phone , so just carry an extra card with you ; )Unlike Android phones from reputable providers , this phone is NEVER going to get any updates to the OS.It has a serious bug that causes the "3G" data to drop.I use the term 3G loosly as it is like fast dial-up in speed.You get what you pay for , and Virgin is a joke. Worthless customer service from the Philippines.Good luck , I just sold mine.The calling plan prices are going up soon , so sell it while you can...before the general public gets wind of it ; )

I have found the battery life to be comparable to that of my old Samsung Mantra (dumb phone) if I only run the 3G and GPS when I need them.  For instance, there is no need to be connected to 3G if the phone is sitting in my purse over night.

For the price, very well made. I only switched phones due to the width of the device and the fact that the touch screen is plastic and not glass.

It's not bad. It's cheap, and works well. I would recommmend for a short time use, has low memory and poor battery life time.

It was really slow, but it did it's job.  Virgin Mobile's sevice is horrible.  Good luck getting bars in rural areas.

Well I am very happy with the product. I have never owned a cell phone like this one and was very surprised on how fast it is and that it is more like a very small laptop than a phone. And the apps that you can get for it are almost limitless. It is quite a surprise. The SD Card of 32 gigs is great for pics and videos you can make, I am quite happy with the 8 gigs SD card I am useing. But the 2gig SD card that comes with it would be plenty for the strickly bussiness users, not so much for the media or power users.I am most unhappy with the amount of memmory that the OS has, because if you are a app nut like I am you will find that you will have to remove apps to make more memory space. Out of the 5 windows or desktops that you can scroll through I haven't been able to fill all of them at the most 3 to 4 desktops have been filled for quick use. Of course that cuts down on the cluster and most likely you will not even use all of them. But the fact remains there should be enough memory to do it if you want.UPDATE:After useing the cell phone for about 3 months now I have a few things more to say about it.Pros: or Con:1. I had a problem getting the Virgin Mobile data network working the only reason it started working is because of my curosity. One day I pushed the actvation button even though it was already activated and after a minute or so I noticed that if I turned of my wifi the 3g would start working.2. The media volume is veary low.3. Even though I live only about 1.5 miles from a cell tower my bar is only showing 1 bar while in the house outside is moves to 2 bars. This means I have to go outside to talk to a call if I stay inside the voices are broken up.If I played with if the battery went down in about 2 hours, but if I just let it stand by for a call the battery lastes 2 days before it got down to about 30% power left. I didn't like some of the applacations that came with it or just wasn't going to use them and because they weren't removeable they just sat there takig up memory and because they were automaticly updated they took up more memory so I couldn't install something I would use because they were takeing up the memory I would need :(.Other than the above I realy liked the phone. But it is my first smartphone so it wasn't hard to please me.I FOUND OUT ABOUT 3 WEEKS AGO THAT VIRGIN MOBILE HAS PUT A LIMIT ON UPLOAD AND DOWNLOAD OF DATA USEING THE 3g TO 2.5 GIGs a MONTH.No longer UnLimited e-mails, web browseing, messaging or anything when useing 3g. Of course you can go over the 2.5G but your monthly billing of $25.00 or what ever you pay will be higher. I knew it wouldn't last it was just a ploy to get new users because we told every one we talked to when it came to the cost of the service we were useing almost braging.

I really wanna thank the seller because I receieved the shipment a day before expected. I am in love with this phone, it does absolutely everything!! Trust me, it's worth every penny!

The LG Optimus V (part of the ONE series) is an excellent starter phone for Android. With Virgin, you also get excellent data speeds and call quality. On top of that, its only $35 a month... Beat that, other carriers! The Optimus is an excellent Android phone for starters, and is arguably the best phone on Virgin's lineup (the Triumph and Optimus Slider are also very good phones).The phone itself is made very well and is solid, with a rubbery plastic shell, but I put a caseOtterBox Commuter Case for LG Optimus - Black - Retail Packagingon it just for peace of mind.The 3.2 inch screen is bright and vivid. Although it is by no means cramped, the screen is a bit on the smaller side. Swype is nice once you get used to it, but I still prefer a regular keyboard to swiping. Quite surprisingly, I made very few mistakes while typing in portrait mode, and I have large-medium sized hands. I use landscape mode most of the time for typing, though, where the keys are much larger.The stock Android 2.2 (READ: no overlay interface) is very user-friendly. I have used many mobile OSes, and I would have to say that Android is probably my favorite. Plus, the Optimus One series are all being updated to 2.3, so let's hope Virgin gives us the 2.3 update.The network/3G data speeds are normally very fast and the call quality is great as well (no dropped calls... Yet). Virgin uses Sprint's cell towers/network for data and voice service, but, unlike Sprint phones, Virgin cannot roam on to other CDMA carriers like Verizon. That means that if you leave a Sprint area, you are stuck without service until you reenter a Sprint coverage area. Before buying, make sure you live in an area that Virgin reaches (you can check on their website)The phone's 600Mhz processor sounds slow in comparison to newer phones, yet it handles multitasking and all of my apps just fine with the occasional slowdown. Speaking of apps, there are plenty available on the Android Market.The 3.2MP camera works very well in both low and outdoor lighting conditions. The camera button on the side is a two-stage button: press slightly for autofocus, press all the way in to take the picture.The phone comes with a 2GB MicroSD card, but I upgraded to an 8GB Class 6 (aTranscend  8 GB microSDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card TS8GUSDHC6E), which increases access speed to the SD card. The internal memory on the phone is very low, and the NON REMOVABLE bloatware only limits the number of apps you can have (even if you move them to the SD)... Probably the worst part about the phone. The only way to get rid of the apps is if you Root the phone, but I don't want to mess around with it.With a task killing app and battery-saving settings, I get exactly 2 days of battery with medium use, which is great for an Android phone. If I barely use the phone, I can even get 3 days off of it!

I bought this product expecting a good deal on an android phone along with an inexpensive reliable service. Unfortunately I was terribly wrong. If you use the phone enough it will begin to take on a life of its own. It will work when it wants to, move slowly even if you hardly have any data on the device, and the service is unpredictable. If you want to have a signal I hope you don't live in a brick building or in an area with a lot of trees because if you do you might as well get your money back. At the end of the day I ended up getting a new phone on a different service (T mobile to be exact). I am saving money by only spending $50 a month oppose to the $60 ($55+ tax)I have a way better phone and very reliable service. Save yourself and do not buy this product.

The Optimus V for Virgin Mobile is a decent Android Phone. Unfortunately, VM requires one of their unlimited plans, and will not let you use pay as you go. Why would you want a plan without data, you ask? Because the phone works great on WiFi, which my son has nearly everywhere he goes,and I could have saved a lot of money. He could have downloaded free games as well as paid games without the need for 3G. That said, VM is just trying to force you to a more lucrative plan. I am just waiting for Platinumtel to get a decent Android (The Sanyo they have is not very good), and then I'll switch him. Platinumtel does have the cheapest rates for pay as you go,and it allows Androids. If you are skimpy on 3G, their data is cheap too, and both ride on the Sprint network.Anyway, if you have the unlimited plan from VM, this is a good phone.

I ordered this phone on the 17th of this month, received it on the 19th! I had a little problem sending/receiving phone calls, only to discover that I programmed the phone wrong..DUHH...It's the first day of owning an Android phone, but I'm impressed so far. Installed apps without a hitch and phone calls are clear as a bell. Now, if I can only get used to the touch keyboard I'll be good to go.There are better, more expensive Androids on the market, but for $120 and $35 a month through Virgin Mobile, how can you go wrong?

install skyfire...it solves the video flash player issue.  For prepaid and just over $100 you cannot go wrong.  I would have spent 2x as much per month and more to go contract...  blackberry does not play most videos, thanks to android and skyfire this phone does!  why get a blackberry curve..waste of money

This phone is great - with one major propblem.  It only has 140 megs of internal memory available.  LG WAKE UP THIS IS 2012 - MY WATCH HAS MORE MEMORTY THAN THAT!!  Most of the internal memory is eaten by factory installed apps and phone processes. At first you would think this is not a problem - you think that you can just get a bigger SD card - However, only about 50% of android apps are written so that they can operate off of the SD Card. On my phone I am limited to about 6 optional apps on the phone memory before it crashes.  Each time the apps update they generally take more memory so each update cycle I lose another app.  I am now deleting my favorite weather app and my favorite news app just to keep my phone functional.  (I am trying to decide what to delete next - the browser app or my e-mail app)Smart phone - Stupid Engineer that designed the internal memory. $5 more worth of internal memory would have made this a great phone!The LG Rep recommended reformating the phone and starting over.  I told him that If I am going to do that I will start over with a Samsung.

I have had this phone since November 2011, and it's still going strong. No glitches, no problems, still runs like the day I got it. It's the perfect size, in my opinion most smartphones are just too big, but this screen is perfect. Never had a problem with calls, texts, or anything of that nature, except recently if a text fails to send it will send it about 6 times hahaha, but that's not something that occurs often. There are only two &#34;downsides&#34;, the first being that Virgin Mobile's service isn't always the best, but it really depends on where you live. There have been many occasions that my husband's iPhone with 4G had nothing, and I had full coverage with fast 3G. The other downside would be the storage space, it seems to fill up on the phone pretty fast, but I just use a Micro SD card and it does the trick. I drop this phone on concrete or other hard surfaces probably at least once a week without a case, and it's got some scratches, but the screen is flawless (I have a cover on the screen) and the phone itself doesn't have any bad damage, just normal scratches any phone gets. I would highly recommend this phone to someone that enjoys the Android system, Navigation, Gmail, etc. and wants to use as a phone. If you're wanting to game, I wouldn't recommend. But for me, it's absolutely PERFECT and I dread the day I have to get a new phone. I am a 22 year old female.

you can trust this site and this company thank you so much for being so fast and my order is very new .I LOVE MY PHONE AND I WILL ALWAYS ORDER FROM YOU THANK YOU SO MUCH

**6 months plus later  This phone went downhill dramatically by the 6 month point.  It locks up repeatedly and has to be restarted multiple times per day.  It's probably a good phone for people who do minimal web surfing, if that's not you get something a little more robust.  I'm waiting for black friday to see if I can get a good deal on an Evo, if not I'll buy one anyway.  I do not recommend this phone though overall I'm still happy with Virgin.**Two months later I'm slightly less impressed with the phone.  The good news of my update is that I got better than expected service when I left my metro area (specifically going down highway 5 from the Bay Area to LA).  The bad (#1) is that it locks up a lot, I was once unable to to answer a call because the the phone locked.  The second issue is customer service, as I was warned, could use improvement.  My wife let her battery die (after which we were unable to recharge it) and we called to ask for a replacement.  A week later I went to a battery shop and thankfully found one since Virgin hadn't sent one yet (and 5 weeks later they still haven't).That said, I still think it's worth the headaches to save $50 per month on my cell phone bill and overall my experience has been positive.----------I was actually happy with my Evo and even as recently as a few months ago intended for it to be my last phone for well beyond the time my Sprint contract terminated.  But I thought there had to be more cost effective ways of having smartphone service so after a not very long search decided on Virgin Mobile.  I looked into their plans and calculated that the cost of 2 new Droids (Optimus V's) and my early termination fee would be recouped after about 8 months paying $50 per month less.  So I decided to take the plunge (after educating myself about the plusses and minuses) and overall I'm glad I did.  As I expected, the Optimus isn't as good a phone as my Evo was, but it is a solid one.  The pros and cons:Pros:1. It actually has a better Calendar IMO than the EVO does that displays an agenda.  So you get a list of your upcoming events rather than trying to remember the dates and tracking them down.2. The battery life is much better than my EVO's wasNeutrals:1. All the apps I used on my EVO work well2. Some people have complained about being able to hear or be heard when they talked on the phone.  I haven't had a single problem with that.3. Screen freezes up every now and then4. Smaller screen than my Evo hadCons:1. Coverage was better with Sprint in the major metro area I live in though I've had few problems getting 3G access when I wanted it.  I don't look forward to being in more remote locations.  I use WiFi at home and it's worked great.2. I could not get it to pair with my car's bluetooth (turned out to be a blessing in disguise, it drove me to buy a bluetooth with FM transmitter which I now use to listen to Tunein Radio over my car's speakers).3. No 4G4. Bookmarks aren't as easy to access though it just takes a couple of more taps to get them.So yes the Evo was better than my Optimus, and yes Sprint had better coverage than Virgin does, but was that worth spending an extra $600 per year?  It wasn't to me.  I doubt I'll ever have a contract carrier again.  And on a side note, I was able to sell my Evo and my wife's Hero for prices that knocked nearly 4 months off of the 8 months I originally thought it would take to make up for the money I put out to make the switch.

A good phone for YouTube and Facebook. It's really nice just using wifi around the house and around town. I had no problem with service in my area. Lg did a good job constructing the phone itself. Easily rooted phone and easily overclocked and customizable. Slightly slow in picture viewing and dealing with media but this is not a high end phone so you can't expect instant action all the time. However I am impressed every now and then with how nice it is for how very little I paid for it. Rare little gem for me.

I've got an iphone for myself and was looking for a less expensive but just a capable phone for my 15yr old son. Well I found itin this phone. This phone runs on Virgin Mobile calling plans. (only $25/mo unlimited data and texting 300 min/mo)  great plan, way cheeper then my iphone. This phone works almost as well as my iphone, it does youtube, netflix, facebook, has tons of free Android apps to download.  What a great phone, I'm serioiusly considering switching to this phone once my contract is up.

This is a reasonable entry level smart phone that has some flaws but has an all around good value with affordable prepaid plans!

I really like this phone!  I have essentially combined my IpodTouch and my cell phone in this one product.  I now seldom carry my iTouch with me as this phone carries music, podcasts, apps, etc.  And it works with both WiFi and 3G.  There are 2 issues I have with it:  One is the memory storage - I increased the removable storage to 32GB so I can carry more music and books, however, the phone itself is only 8GB and that severely limits the apps you can put on it.  Many apps cannot be moved to the SD disc or continue to take up storage room on the phone.  Therefore I have to frequently clear out data/cache to create room on the phone and to get rid of the annoying icon that tells me storage is low.  When that happens, I cannot use the internet as it will stop and tell there is not enough memory to do so.  The second issue, and it's not the phone's fault, is I use Virgin Mobile, which is based on the Sprint network, and it appears that Sprint's network is shrinking in this area.  They've taken down some towers and I just don't get good reception anymore.  I may eventually have to switch carriers and consequently the phone, but this LG Optimus has helped me realize what I want in my next cell phone.

Well I had only had it for a week before I accidentally dropped it and when i went to turn on the phone the display was distorted.  So anybody out there the phone is very good and fast but just dont drop it.  The built of the phone is obviously cheap.  But for the price it is worth it.I would recommend it for somebody that want s a fast entry level android phone.

bought the phone for my daughter, she absolutely loves this phone. has so much info on it she doesn't need to use a computer. she can download any app, great phone for the cost!!

The phone works fine for calling, texting, etc, but the internal memory is not nearly big enough.  I am able to downloads apps and transfer them to the SD card, but I cannot keep apps that will not transfer as the storage fills to quickly and the phone will not allow me to send/receive texts.  I also need to uninstall updates on all apps stored on the phone to download bigger apps.Nice phone, with too much bloatware and not enough internal memory.

This is my first smart phone. In general, I'm not a huge fan of touch screens because sometimes they are finicky. With this phone I sometimes need to redo motions (such as the slide motion to unlock). Otherwise I really like the capabilities of the phone and I am really happy with Virgin Mobile because I have the same reception as when I was on Sprint.

I paid $120 for this phone. I chose it because it is the best reviewed phone on VM website. The phone itself works fine but the performance is greatly limited because of its hardware.I would give this phone 3 stars. One star is because of the service, I paied $35 a month since VM increased the monthly fee. I had to think twice before making each call because I only got 300 mins a month without night/weekend time. And the 3G is somewhat slow (tried GrooveIP but...). And the $45 service is ridiculous. My new ATT costs $50 a month but I get enough minutes, 4G LTE and skyrocketBottom line, Low-end phone, non-competitive price, low minutes and slow network, I think the only advantages for VM vs other carriers are no contract and tethering.

Been slowly learning the smartphone thing. The Amazon reviews and the included manual have been plenty helpful, but I've also had access to the Droid 2 Dummies and Missing Manual books and Amazing Android Apps for Dummies. First accessory I bought was a 32 gig MicroSD card for my mucho music and pictures. I expect to put a lot of apps on the card too since the onboard memory is running out fast.

This is a great phone. Have had it for a year, and have had absolutely no problems with it.Would recommend this phone to anyon. I will never have a contract phone. This phone does what a contract phone does, and more. Two thumbs up to Virgin Mobile!!!!!!!!

I have had this phone over a year.  I orignally tried the LG Rumor Touch and was having way too many issues with the phone, so I returned it.Then a month or so later,  I saw a commercial for this little gem. I instantly started to research information about this phone and was sold, being as this as exactly what I was hoping the Rumor Touch would be.I am dissapointed to find out my SD card is not fully utilized. I thought this would give my phone extra memory and even moving some apps to the SD card, at least the ones that allow it, barely uses any space on the SD card.But that is a small issue that is easily overlooked.I am in love with this phone! I love the Navigation feature and that I can speak the name of my location and it will search for it and bring up a list of close locations. On a few occasions, it has totally missed what I spoke. No matter where I am, when I ask for Joanns Fabrics, it will bring up locations in Texas and I am in Wisconsin. Overall, it has saved me on several occasions. This has definitely replaced my Garmin.I downloaded an app called QR Droid that I use while shopping, it helps me research for the best price and also I can search Amazon's reviews. Which is a HUGE factor in my purchasing decisions.I have also downloaded an app called Quick Settings that enables me to access to shut off WiFi, GPS, all those little features that can drain your battery. In that app, it also has a flash light as well. Very bright LED flashlight, which is awesome! And I always know where my phone is at, whereas as much as I try to keep a small flashlight in my purse, either my kids drain the batteries, or they die on their own or quite simply any flashlight in our house, never gets put back where it belongs. With this on my phone, I always have that handy.The camera is OK. Indoors it doesn't work to well in dim lighting. But I recently took some photos of outdoors of fresh fallen snow and those turned out amazing! I would have never known they were from a cell phone if it wasn't me who took them.After owning this phone, I do not know how my life existed before this!UPDATE 4/27/12 :I have been having issues with this phone running out of space and I have been sacrificing apps that I feel I don't use enough or can live without in order to keep my more important apps. I was getting a tad frustrated, so I started searching online what could be my issues. I found  a website that recommends App Tyrant, which I HIGHLY recommend. You can go through your apps and clean the cache and data from the apps. I went from having 17 mbs available and now have 50 mbs available. I know that will start to dwindle as my apps update, but it was nice that I could remove data/cache from the apps that were preinstalled with the phone that I don't use at all, which I am sure took a lot of space as well. And now when updates come through for those apps, I will elect to NOT update those.I also have found information in which to be able to move apps to your SD card without rooting your phone, which rooting makes me nervous, since one wrong move, you can end up with a trash phone.

I have had both the Samsung Intercept and the LG Optimus V from Virgin Mobile. Optimus wins hands down. I researched smart phones and was greatly deterred by the plan prices. I love Apple products, but $75 + a month for service is ridiculous. When I discovered VM's deal I was hooked. $25 monthly for unlimited data (text, web, etc.) and 300 minutes talk time. Beat that.Optimus is sleek, fast (Sprint 3G, android 2.2), and crisp in screen resolution. If you MUST have slide out keyboard go with Intercept. But, even then, I preferred using the screen keyboard because it suggests words for you as you type. I found the Intercept to be clunky, heavy, bulky, and a little sluggish. But for $25 a month service I could live with it. Then came Optimus for VM. It's not quite an iPhone, but it's darn close.. and WAY cheaper! Very impressed.

Setting aside my dislike for having to pay for a cellphone or appear unprofessional, and endanger myself (pay phones are history) I object to the price-point of $50 or more for truly complete use of a data phone/device. That's a hardship for low income users: students, disabled, seniors, etc. Add taxes and fees to it, and it's ridiculous....Phone is too small to read many/most online info, so a browser is useless. Enlarging the text, when possible, means sliding the viewable space all over with a finger. Try to keep track of what you just saw! Likewise social media like Youtube and FB. And, these apps run slow, hog memory, and are laid out differently for the phone than on pc. Again, more annoyance than bliss.I like the navigator app. It is very useful, but drains the battery fast. If your car has no outlets to use, or even no usable cigarette lighter with adapter...just stop being lost as fast as you can. Or you'll be unable to call for help!The menus are not intuitive. I liked the Kyocera RIze better. And my LG600 tracphone.There's no easy way to resend a message or to manage apps without going through several other screens. It seems to have problems sending apps to SD card, and then the phone is low on memory and won't even let you send a message! Then you get to dig around and find out what to delete so it works again.Many apps have no send to SD option.The data cable/charger cable is good. Has a warning that it can affect apps while used for data though.It seems to use a lot of battery, even with no wifi use.Then there is the issue of always-on and that means I am always-irradiated too. Who keeps their phone 18&#34; or more from their body at all times? (BTW, Dr. Brodeur and others have studied electromagnetism and health - it isn't scare talk- unless you are selling such devices.)Touch screen is too tiny for adult fingers. Speaker option creates many odd and humorous typos. Ex: &#34;the pope released DOGS at the vatican...:&#34; (d-o-v-e-s)REception is fair. SPeaker just fair, often static. Skype will not work right - lags and echoes - just unusable.

Don't let the 600mhz cpu fool you. I have a Samsung Moment phone with an 800mhz cpu and this LG phone is much faster. As many have stated, the biggest problem with prepaid services was their crappy phones. This LG phone is a step in the right direction. Did run into problem activating phone. Had to wait over 24 hours and several calls to Virgin Mobile to get phone activated and old number transferred. Also, after a month, after recharging account with $25, totally lost signal and had to call customer service to get it turned back on. This took approx. 48 hours. Other than that the phone and service has been great all throughout Southern California and Las Vegas.Pros:light weightfastAndroid 2.2Can't get cheaper than $25/mo for unlimited text and dataAndroid market with no limitationsCan't uninstall factory installed appsCons:no slide out keyboardbattery life (really poor)no Flash (camera)no Flash (streaming video)not enough built-in memory

This phone is amazing! If you want to try an Android and you are on a budget this is the phone to get! It is very nice and there is no lagging so far. The battery life is however a downside but you can easily fix that by downloading an app kill or a task manager (Juice Defender is the one I use and it is awesome!)Other than that it is a really nice phone and it is very easy to use. If you want to know more about tips and trick for the phone you can easily look them up on youtube and they help a lot.

The LG Optimus is an Android 2.2 OS phone.  The S version runs on Sprint Networks, the V on Virgin Mobile.  I have the latter with an economical $35/mo unlimited data/text plan.  The phone would not autoactivate so I created a Virgin Mobile accountand activated it on their Web site. This worked perfectly. The LG has a number of built in Apps that work pretty well. I wasable to setup my Gmail and Yahoo mail quickly.  My company mail account did not work with the "corporate" mail application but this may be a bug with the mail server.  It did work with the traditional IMAP mail app. The touch screen is reasonably responsive but it takes some practice to hit the right spot, especially on crowded web pages. Battery life is OK, it lastsabout 24-30 hours on a charge with average use. It plays MP4 movies, but you need to manually organize the files using theUSB interface to a PC. Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint Network which has good 3G coverage in most cities and surrounding areas. Do not expect 3G everywhere.  All in all a great phone and service for the money.

Summary (or TL/DR version):The phone meets my expectations, and I can live with the few problems at this price of phone and service. Most of the software limitations were easy to fix without much technical know-how. There are a few hardware limitations, but only one (not missed call light) is something I really care about. Your experience might be different based on your requirements. My needs are that of a student who also works part-time in an academic environment.The Good:This is an inexpensive smartphone that has all the basic features necessary for a first-time user of smartphones. While it might lack some bells and whistles of more expensive phones, it still meets my expectations.1) Smooth handling: I found the handling very smooth - clearly the software doesn't overburden the hardware, and it can handle most of the operations I throw at it.2) Easy to root - The rooting procedure is very simple on this phone (I haven't installed the latest updates because it might remove this loophole). Five minutes and I had a rooted phone that greatly enhanced its capabilities.3) Great plans - The Virgin Mobile (VM) plans are among the best I have seen in the US market. I was tied to Sprint (and I know VM uses a lot of Sprint infrastructure) until recently, and though I got a phone "free", the data plan, contract and low minutes made me decide to break my contract early. Most carriers (admittedly post-paid) charge about $30 for data alone. I can get a plan for $35 with "unlimited" (they throttle speeds after a limit) data, messaging, and 300 minutes.4) VOIP capabilities: Together with GrooveIP and Google Voice (and the data plan/WiFi capabilites), I can make calls for free (i.e. without using my minutes). With the $35 plan, I can effectively make unlimited calls (though call quality might be poor if you don't have good data/WiFi speeds).5) Apps: A smartphone is only as useful as the apps that are available (otherwise, just use a regular phone), and Android has a large number of free and paid apps that I find very useful.6) Exchange support - While I do use a lot of Google services for my personal data, my work is centered around Microsoft Exchange and Windows. I found it easy to link up my Exchange account with the phone. Within a few minutes, I had the phone ready with all my contacts, email, and calendars.The Bad:These are a few limitations that I noticed in the first few weeks of owning the phone:Hardware1) No missed call/message light - This is a very basic limitation that I find mildly annoying. Even the most basic phone I owned had a light that blinked when I had a missed call or message. The only notifications are software notifications that I need to unlock the screen for.2) Low memory: Initially I ran out of memory on the phone, even though I loaded only a handful of apps. I fixed this via rooting and using a memory card, but it still crops up occasionally.3) Battery - All modern smartphones consume a lot of power. I have fixed this by rooting, but atleast 1.5 to 2 days of charge (with moderate use) is something I feel any phone should meet (to be fair, I don't know of any smartphone that achieves this). This device needs to be charged every night with just moderate use (i.e. I do a few hours of email/browsing, half an hour of calls, and play 15 minutes of games). If you spend a lot of time on the road/without charging, you might want to get a spare battery or a different handset.Software1) No signal: When the phone reboots, it uses a lot of battery because (for some strange reason) it keeps searching for a signal even though the has full signal strength. The only solution I found was to switch it to airplane mode for a few seconds and then back to the normal mode.2) No Flash: The default operating system is Froyo (Android 2.2.2) which does not support in-browser flash (so no videos without using a Youtube/Video app)3) Limited default email client: The default email client lacks basic functionality like search, sorting, etc. (This is not the GMail app, but the other email client that comes pre-loaded).4) Bloatware: A lot of unncessary Google and VM apps are preinstalled. While the VM apps are small, the Google apps are huge and take up a lot of the internal memory. Most of them are not removable (unless you root the phone, and sometimes not even then). Since I am paying for the phone, I find this to be an unacceptable practice (but every phone suffers from this, so I don't see a better option on the market).5) Mixed-Sync: This was a problem I faced initially. A google account is linked with the phone (it might even be compulsory to have one - but you can use a dummy account). I made the "mistake" of using my real Google account (a personal account). For work, I needed to link my Microsoft Exchange account with the phone. It ended up syncing my personal (Google) calendar with my work calendar. I was able to undo it, but I would prefer it if I was asked permission or notified.6) Poor Outlook support - While Android has great Exchange support, it does not support Microsoft Outlook sync (via bluetooth or USB). So when I got the phone, I had to first back up my local Outlook data to the Exchange server (or a Google account), and then link the Exchange server with the phone.The Fixable:All of the fixable problems I found are simple to work around, but most require rooting. If this is something you are not comfortable with, you might consider a different phone/carrier.Without Rooting1) Calendar based silencing: An app called Buzy (free) lets the phone read your calendar and set it to silent during meetings or classes - something I was surprised to see did not happen by default.2) Battery - A (free or paid) app called JuiceDefender helps me conserve battery. To make full use of JuiceDefender, a rooted phone is useful.3) TimerDroid - A countdown timer/notification.With Rooting1) Cisco VPN - If you need to VPN to a network, Cisco AnyConnect VPN client for Android is easy to setup and use. However, it needs a rooted phone.2) Battery via SetCPU - This is a nifty program that lets you decide how much power the phone uses in different states (like screen off, during a call, low battery, etc). So you can extend battery life (but might make the phone less responsive).Useful Apps:These are a bunch of apps that I found extremely useful, and would recommend. Root is not required, unless specifically mentioned.1) GrooveIP (paid) + Google Voice - This allows you to make calls for free without using your minutes.2) Cisco AnyConnect - VPN Client (root required).3) BeyondPod - RSS client4) SetCPU - Allows you to control CPU frequency (root required).5) Dolphin Browser - web browser that is much better than the default.6) ES File Explorer - A file explorer (benefits from rooting)7) FolderSync - An app that can synchrnoize with cloud storage (Amazon, Dropbox, Sky Drive)8) Dropbox9) Memory Booster10) Titanium Backup - useful to backup your system so if the phone crashes, you can restore it.11) Quick Setting - easy access to all important settings.12) Color Note - create check lists/notes that can also be pinned as widgets to your screen.13) SSHDroid - allows me to SSH into the phone, to drag files from my computer to the phone or vice-versa, without bluetooth or cloud services.

great phone runs great. won't let you down . Make sure you get a memory card and you ready to go. check out the reviews this phone rocks. jlaws.

O.K. so this phone isn't an I phone, nor can it handle a Ton of Apps, but it works very well for what I need it to do. I got lost once and did not have my Gps with me. No problem, used my phone and in no time, I was where I needed to be! Right now, I have a 8gb sdhc mini card in it for the memory. I think you can go to a 32gb in this. And like I said about the apps, you are sort of limited, remember, it's an entry level Android, not the top of the heap. I currently have Sirius Xm, Pandora, Compass, Color Note, Walgreens, The Tip Calculator and The Starbucks Apps on here. And then there afe the one's that come with the phone that you can't get rid of, they made it so they are embedded into the phone and you cannot delete them. I do not like that but I have since got over it. I just ordered one for my Wife for Christmas. I bought mine earlier this year and paid a lot more for it than I just paid today for my Wifes.  I reccomend this phone if you can nlive without siriri or whatever it's called and some of the other useless apps that are out there. I will step up someday but only when Virginmobile offers an anroid that I get get an Extended life battery for, which is what I have on mine. I would not be using this phone unless it had a Heavy duty battery, sure, the phone is thicker, but I'm not constantly running out of power. That batttery will come with a New Back cover and can also be purchased right here on Amazon.

No it may not be the fastest Android phone out there (not even close) but this thing has decent battery life, is very customizable and I can't complain about the monthly costs for Virgin wireless!  It's less than HALF of what I was paying for AT&T;'s service with a non-smartphone plan!I run the "Harmonia 2" IHO ROM on this (after rooting it of course) and it's a great no-frills Android phone that is plenty fast enough to run most apps.  Yes the screen could be bigger and yes it could be faster with more internal storage and a better camera.. but for the price I can't find anything that even comes close!Want a reliable phone that gives you just enough power to have some fun with it?  This is the phone for you!  Five stars!

Up until about 18 months ago (2012), I had a flip phone. I was way behind the times. My husband urged me to upgrade, because he wanted me to enter the 21st century and start texting. This was reasonably priced, but not as it turned out for the quality of the product. It turns itself on frequently-not just when it's jammed into my overcrowded purse or pocket, but sometimes when it is just sitting on the table. Of course that means that when I want to use it, the battery is dead or nearly so. I have replaced the battery once. The other inconvenient thing is that even with a case, it switches to camera while I'm using it. This happens all the time-only slightly less with the case on. Without a case, it's on camera mode 98% of the time. This phone drives me to distraction. I'm in the market for a new one. This phone is old now, and most people are probably looking for something newer and better. In case you are shopping in this price and age range, this phone isn't worth the frustration. Maybe I just had a lemon, but I wouldn't take a chance again.

I bought this phone because I could no longer afford verizon. At first I was hesitant because I was afraid I wouldn't get reception anywhere. I was wrong. This phone and the service are incredible. My phone bill dropped $30 a month and I got a lot more for my money. An equivalent verizon plan would easily cost twice as much and would lock you in for 2 years.I've never had a smart phone so I wasn't sure what to expect. I am impressed with the speed of the phone and the functions it has. This phone currently costs $119 on amazon. You can't get more of a phone for a better price. Many people complain about the battery life. I've had this phone for almost 3 months now and I've never had an issue with battery life. I use it very day to search the web, check facebook, check emails, send hundreds of texts, and make a few phone calls. By the end of the night I'm usually around 30-60% remaining. With light use, my phone has lasted two days on a single charge.The $45 plan from virgin mobile is the best deal in the market for me right now. 1200 minutes plus unlimited text/data. I hate talking on the phone so I never use 1200 minutes during the month. If you talk on the phone a lot, then go with the $55 a month plan for unlimited everything.One of the best things about this phone is that many many people own it. Therefore there is a ton of support for this phone. The phone is great stock, but even better if you root it and flash a custom rom. Battery life often doubles, and with the ability to overclock, you are getting a very powerful phone for incredibly cheap.

This is a great phone. I'll add a little to the great reviews here, from my perspective as a developer.First, I read on a review here that I could use SipDroid & assorted complexities to get free cell phone via WiFi service. This path was a no-go. But - just try Groove IP instead! The app costs $4.99 from the Android Market, and you need a (free!) Google Voice account and phone number, which *must* be attached to a you@gmail.com account. (My other one didn't work...) Other than that, works great! Set up in minutes, and *none* of it was as mystifying as the no-go Sipdroid route... I think the Sipdroid loophole has simply been closed. But with Groove IP, the cell phone receives and dials calls, direct from the cell phone icon.Second, I wanted to do Flex -> smartphone development. Only to find that Adobe AIR "doesn't support the LG Optimus V". Other places will tell you that it's ARMv6 processor phones in general. It is not true. It was not easy... But I eventually did get this phone to run apps, directly from Adobe Flash Builder 4.6 (debug on device and everything!) To get Adobe AIR itself installed on the phone, just download the AIR SDK from Adobe.com, find the file C:\AdobeAIRSDK\runtimes\air\android\emulator\Runtime.apk, copy it to your cell phone SD card, and install that, with AppInstaller (also available in Android Market free if you don't have it.)Sorry for the gory details. But I really did buy this phone intending to never buy a contract on it, and use it for Flex -> smartphone development. And for a while there I thought it was a lost cause, or I'd need to delve into rooting arcana. ;) So - yay!

This was a gift for my tween sister who found it sufficient for browsing youtube, playing games, listening to music and texting friends. I recommend this as a great beginner smart phone as well as an affordable plan option with Virgin Mobile.

If you don't want an expensive 2 year contract phone then this is the one for you.  This phone works great.  Even though it's not 4g it still has plenty of power and for the price it can't be beat.

Gave the phone 5 stars cause it works great but why would anyone buy this on amazon when Virgin mobile, target, bestbuy, samsclub and walmart all carry it instore for $199.00 regular price?

This phone is absolutely amazing for the price.  I got it on sale for $99 at Best Buy and I couldn't be happier.  I've had no problems with the phone or Virgin Mobile service!

I have been using as a PDA for calendar, contacts list, games with only WiFi to connect to internet. It works.And you can buy a month of VM cell service, say when you are on a trip, at a reasonable cost.Note- if you buy a used phone, the online activation will not work. You have to call VM and get a live advisor, because it already has a number assigned to it.

I had an Iphone for the several years, and i was little histant to switch at the begining, but was not disapointed when did. The phone is not an Iphone, will do almost everything an Iphone can. Its affordable, its sleek, and does have lots of capabilities, but does not have flash player and thethering capabilities.Great phone for those who want to save some money but do not want to carry with one those so dump phones with them.Ok, so it has been for about little over a month since got this phone and I still love it. Here is one thing I learned from this phone;Its very affordable compared to the competion and what it can do, but there are few limitations. The beggest issue is battery draining fast when you are in an area with low signal, most indoors are, and it does over heat and can not charged unless you turned off.

Purchase this phone for the wife and she is very happy with it. I am also impressed with its features. It does take a little time to understand the phone's hardware and operating system. It is a shame that some would blame the phone, but ignore that it is in fact their ignorance that is causing the problems.In conclusion I rate the phone 5 stars.Now on the other hand, the VM service which is owned by Sprint only runs on Sprint's network service with "NO" roaming allowed. Although VM claims there is no fee for roaming, the fact is that since "no roaming is allowed" thus the reason for the "no roaming fee"; nice marketing gimmick.  This means that if your area is weak for the Spring signal network or you go out of the area, you will have no service. If you had a regular Sprint phone with Spring service then roaming is enable, and if you are out of their service area then you would be roaming with no extra charges. This fact was discovered when the wife switched from Sprint to VM. So be prepare for this no-service problem.The new updated $35 ($10 increase) monthly plan is still a nice price. It would have been nicer if there were more minutes added to the plan, and if roaming were allowed with the $10 increase. Maybe in the future.In conclusion, if you do not travel much out of the Sprint service area and have a good signal in your area you will be fine.

I've had it for a month and haven't activated it yet, I've been using itas a PDA and it works great.  It has great WiFi reception (compared to mylaptop or my tablet).  The touch keyboard is really too small for entering anything longer thana URL.  Fortunately the voice recognition software works great so I don't have to type much.Battery life isn't too good and I've drained it completely dead once to the point of notbooting when I accidentally left it on unattended for a day.  Don't yet know how itworks as a phone, but looking forward to trying it when I'm done with my current AT&T; contract.

I am a recent purchaser of an LG Optimus V Android phone.My primary purpose was to find wifi access for VOIP calling, supplanting costly Cell minutes, and service contracts.The Optimus provides for wifi access without activating the device, if you so wish. Wow, customer choice.The carrier - Virgin Mobile also has the lowest cost unlimited prepaid plan, using Sprint 3G,  $35.00 for 300 Voice minutes, and unlimited Web and Data.With the device selling at very reasonable price levels (under 100 dollars), you have no need to enter into a costly contract to offset 4,5,6,7,8,hundred dollars in cost. The phone is zippy, with a seaparate Graphics processor assisting a 600 MHZ chip, you don't rely on one chip for all purposes as with many 800 MHZ devices.If you are a OOMA owner, with a TELO at home, you know the joys of free phone service. The OOMA APP (Android Market) is on my phone and works seamleasly. About 1/2 second delay sending and receiving, and provides that same free phone service to my mobile phone, with the proviso of hotspot availability. This provides mobile phoning with your home phone number, and access to voicemails in response.This is the flexibility that Android seemed to promise, do as little or as much with your phone as your inclinations dictate while keeping costs at a mininum; and things are going in a nice direction there I think.

Bought this cellphone a few weeks ago and from the get go it would drain the battery in less than 7 hrs even after "turning off" most of the applications.I went ahead and bought a higher capacity battery from ebay which gave it a few more hours but not much.If you use this phone strictly as a "Non droid" phone it will last a day and a few hours ( hi cap battery) but soon as you use those other bells and whistles there goes the battery level! The phone should have come with a car battery!!

im using it alot my old one broke by over charging it and it was bricked so im glad i bought a new from here im using it alot im planning on putting unlimited on this again im glad i bought this one cheaper than what i bought my old phone from walmart i paid 149 from walmart but this new one was $50 $100 dollars off buddy

Shipping was fast and reliable, the phone is good as it was what my daughter could afford, she goes through 2 a year, lol.  I was pleased with the transaction.

This phone is awesome! I used to use AT&T; to talk/text and that cost me $50 a month. Then I had to use an iTouch separately to have access to apps and music. But this phone does a good job at allowing me to combine both into one. Even though I do miss some Apple features, AT&T; & Apple cannot match the $40 unlimited data/text/1200min plan which is perfect for a college student. This phone has full access to the android market so you might as well forget any misconceptions you had about prepaid phones. This one does it all!The best part is seeing the cringing look on a iPhone users face when I tell them I am getting a better plan for less, and their only response is "ehh, if you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone", but at least I can pay my bills that month.

I am still using this phone to this day.  If i lost mine or broke it dropped it in coffee... either way i have went back and bought a new one each time.. only $60 bucks.... cheap GREAT FEATURES  does everything i want and Im on the net alotThe only downfall is the resolution is not a samsung galaxy but its still hd.

I received this phone from Virgin Mobile last year, and let me tell you... I'm still using it! It's a awesome phone for $100 and at $25, this a no-brainer. It even runs Jelly Bean(when rooted), how cool is that? By now this phone is outdated, but for the price and a little tinkering this phone will just keep chugging away.

My first android phone. Only downfall I had at first was the battery life, but a few apps game me better battery life.Apps work without crashing,freezing. Text sometimes dont send,and require you to send them again,but thats no biggie.No dropped calls, always in service, 3g web is good. I rated 5 cause for my first android phone, at a low price and $35 a monthI cant beat that. I was going to get the Prevail for Boost, until my bro got it,and I didnt like it much so I went with this one.If your new to android,this is a good choice.

this phone is a nightmare as is virgin mobile.  i do not reccomend this phone.  i hate it.  its always saying no more space etc.  i just hate it

This phone performs very well for me but I live in an area with great Sprint service so that means  have an advantage.I have had a Virgin Mobile phone for almost seven years now and they have great cusomter service but it helps alot if you are a tech type person.The main drawbacks are as follows 1)The speaker is really quiet so you have to find a loud ringtone in order to hear this phone go off.2)Battery life is so-so I can get two days of moderate use if I turn it off overnite.3)This is my biggest complaint!The pre-installed apps can not be uninstalled or moved to SD card.Not only that they are redundant (How many ways do I need to find a place to eat get gas etc.),they are useless to me.Sprint also limits your 3G use but with the wi-fi and so many places to log on I have not had the problems I had with the Rumor Touch.Also the lack of a keyboard isn't as bad as I though because of the speech to text function.This works great for me and i hardly use the touch screen keyboard at all.For 25 dollars a month for 300 minutes (which I never use up) you can't beat this phone.I think Virgin Mobile will do away with this plan soon (like the minute plan) but they will let those who have it keep it until they switch plans or give up their phone.

I ordered my phone after my visit at Sears Shoreline store in Washington. They had a Virgin phone booth that advertised $25 plan. That is the only reason I ordered it. Later I found out Virgin discontinued the $25 plan over a month ago....I called Virgin and they won't honor it despite the false advertisement....This really sucks..My sister owns this phone and it is nice...

It is a great phone! And it makes good pictures too. I think it is a great value for the money.Thank you!!

I'd give it a four and a 1/2.  1/2 just because of short battery life. I'm not a touch phone expert and I'm sure there are some phone snobs who would find fault with this one, but it was everything I hoped it would be and my son is very happy with it.  He was happier to receive it than many gifts he's gotten that have cost 5x the amount this phone cost.  and with the unlimited text and data plan for $35.00 a month it was a lot cheaper than any other plan I could find and it has no contract.  So if my son breaks it or loses it or just generally messes up. I can remove it and not be committed to paying each month for something that no longer exists.  My son's only complaint is the short battery life.  I've read about Apps that help with this but since we have not yet put them on the phone I don't know if it will help

... for smart phones, that is!The call quality is great. No dropped calls (so far), and I can hear people (and sometimes thebackground noise) clearly.Web browsing is excellent. It runs at 3G REV. A, so the data speed is as good as it gets on 3g.This means streaming through Pandora or other similar service will be excellent, as long as youhave enough signal. Wifi option is great for hotspots and at home with a wireless router, esp. onethat runs at least 802.11gSound quality is great through the headphone jack with my $8 Sony earbuds, or when patchedthrough my minivan's stereo, or home theater. Playing FLAC files doesn't strain the phone.AWESOME! (It's nice to have the 32 GB limit for micro SD cards. =This phone has 3 separate processors. One for main use (600 MHz), one for video (200 MHz), andone for the wireless modem (400 MHz). The amount of main memory is 512 MB, which is more thanenough for multitasking on this phone. No wonder this phone hardly lags when using processorintensive apps. It's no EVO or Optimus 2X, but it really works well for the price.The only times this phone slows down (for me) is when I load large PDF's onto Adobe Reader. Butthat's to be expected. Still, it beats having to lug a tablet around, as I prefer to keep things ascompact as possible while on the go.If you want to play a few games, you can play them here. Most games run smoothly on this phone,as long as 3D video acceleration or Flash isn't a requirement. High Quality clips from YouTube streamwell, though I'd let those load for at least 15 seconds prior to playing. The Skyfire browser is perfect forthis phone. It allows a user to play most Flash video clips without a plugin, while using less 3G bandwidth.To improve battery life, I've installed the free versions of Advanced Task Killer, and Green Power Free. GPFis great for turning off 3g/wifi when the phone is idle with the screen turned off, while still letting calls through.ATK carefully 'autokills' programs from the main memory as needed, which also improves battery life. I getabout 15% extra battery life with these apps, compared to going without them. If you do the steps that LGrecommends, it's possible to have at least 10% extra battery life before recharging. I get about 20% extra atthe end of my day, compared to doing nothing. There must be a higher yield battery out there that won't damagethe phone. If you like to run everything on full, you'll be lucky to get four to five hours out of the phone.I can get about 18 to 24 hours, depending on what I do with it, sometimes less. It's best to turn this phone offwhen you can.If you're looking for a great smartphone with a no-contract plan on a solid cell network, this is a great choice.Just pick a plan, add phone insurance or a service plan, and you're ready to go.EDIT (July 14, 2011): I've changed my task killer to Advanced Task Manager. It includes a regular kill mode, as well as the usual auto kill mode. Regular kill works at a specified interval, whether the phone is being used or not. I have mine set to 30 minutes. ATM even features a startup kill mode that shuts down some apps and system functions when booting up the phone. I do agree with some experts that say that task killers are unnecessary to use. However, I've found that careful adjustment of ATM in my case, along with green power, helps a lot in prolonging battery life, especially with the screen off while idling. ATM is more aggressive than ATK (because of the three kill modes), so sometimes the phone might respond a bit slowly after coming out of screen idle. But after a few seconds, the phone behaves normally.I tried 15 minutes for the regular kill mode at first. That killed too many processes earlier than needed. I find 30 minutes to be better. For one thing, it helps with game performance, as there's more memory available for them. ATM does help with battery life, with or without green power. If you still don't want a task killer, at least use something like green power to prolong battery life.Both apps are worth a few dollars to keep on your phone, but test the free versions first.EDIT 2 (Oct. 3, 2011): I don't even use ATK anymore or any task killer. I've also reduced the number of apps I have on the phone. The only extra apps (aside from what the system needs to run well) running in the background for me are Green Power, and the free version of Lookout. I just go to Settings > Applications > Manage Applications > Running to kill a few apps. No more automated stuff; task killers mostly take up too much CPU. At least they do with this phone, in the few months I've had it. As for Green Power, it controls the 3G data. I toggle Wifi manually.To be honest, I'm not sure how much longer I'll have this phone. The price for the Motorola Triumph ought to drop over the upcoming holiday season. I might change over to that phone then, as enough accessories are available for it (including some good screen protectors). It would be nice to have a phone with built-in flash for the camera. I kind of miss that. 5 megapixels isn't bad either, considering that most pics uploaded to fb, twitter, etc. from the phone have to go through a 3G connection. Not to mention, it should handle PDF's and e-books better than the Optimus. I'll wait and see.EDIT 3 (Nov. 23, 2011): No, I don't have the Triumph. I still haven't rooted the phone, though I'm still looking at that possibility. I considered getting either the HTC Wildfire S, and the LG Optimus Slider. The Slider would've been nice, but it's only slightly faster than the V. The Wildfire has memory and battery issues that would really bug me.I guess what I'm finding out is that because of the squabbles or whatever going on with phone makers and Google... Android users rarely get updates directly from the manufacturers or Google. The only way to get them is to root the phone, or buy a new one every few months it seems. I'm not against rooting. But for whatever reason, I feel less comfortable with that process on a smartphone than I do with adding an extra operating system on a PC. Maybe I'm just wimping out, but I honestly don't see much difference overall if I choose to root my phone or not. (I mean, rooting could help me remove some of the preloaded junk I don't care for, but at this point, it's not a big deal for me.) That's not to say I hate Android as a smartphone OS. At least I don't have a bricked phone. :)Even Linux (the PC/server OS that Android is heavily based on) is more upfront with updates IMHO...EDIT 4 (July 15, 2012): I have had this phone rooted since late November, shortly after I wrote the third edit. I've tried several Froyo and Gingerbread ROMs. The best I've used are from some developers known online as LeslieAnn, and MiRage_666. The mirage guy has the ROMs I use the most, as his packs are well-tuned and regularly maintained. Mirage is also very receptive to good fixes that interest him (and his loyal users). There are some developers that are experimenting with Ice Cream Sandwich builds, but I personally don't recommend them if you value stability. These devs have extended the life of this phone for me, even as I search for a replacement. I may keep this around as a spare phone/internet/music machine well after I retire it from regular use. That's how much I like my V... it's proven to be quite durable for me (and many other users, especially those who love rooting) :-)April 28, 2014 : I still have this phone in my possession. It still runs the original battery!As a rooted device, I've run at least ten different ROMs on it, ranging from Froyo, to Gingerbread (Cyanogenmod 7.2) ROMs, to even a KitKat ROM! I ran it briefly out of hibernation while waiting for the Kyocera Event (Oct. 2013), and LG Optimus F3 (April, 2014) to come to my doorstep from amazon. The current ROM I have for it is something called CyanMobile Experience. There are two versions floating around, but the one I have is made by an Android Central member named jduffield1. I'm currently hosting the file on my Google Drive account. If you want to try it for your V, go to the Android Central forums, and look for the rooting section for the Virgin Mobile Optimus V. My name there is daffy_duck_nj. I love the Jelly Bean like features duff put on this ROM! It has the reliability of the one made by mrg666, so it's very stable, even in its WIP form. The KitKat one was cool, but it kept on overheating my phone, even though I didn't push the overclocking much. Don't use that one if you want a reliable V experience.

I was a little skeptical before I decided to buy this phone and to sign up for Virgin Mobile.  I am doing this because I will be changing job soon and the new job will not provide me with a cell phone as my current employer does.  I have been using Verizon (voice only) provided by my current employer for years so I am mostly concerned about not able to have good signal and coverage like Verizon provides.  On the other hand, since I will be paying for my own mobile service now I wanted to have the best deal I can find.Ordered the phone on Saturday morning right before July 4th, and got the phone Tuesday morning when I returned to work.  Wow.. for $130 no tax and free shipping it's not bad at all.  Took me about 10 minutes to go through the account setup at Virgin Mobile's website. Everything was very smooth until I am ready to choose payment method and it got stuck.  The browser just would not go to the next step after I click submit.  I thought it's my browser so I switched to IE and still didn't work.  I restart the process but now my MEID is no longer valid.  So I called customer service and they told me my phone number is already assigned.  I got my phone number from the rep and logged back into the system, put in my credit card number to activate my phone, viola, phone ready to use.  Despite the negative comments on Virgin Mobile's customer service I thought it was not as bad.  I think there is some issue with using PayPal which caused the system hanging...I am new to Android so I cannot comment much on the phone yet.  The power consumption seems to be high so I will try to turn off some auto update/sync features so it's not running on 3G network all the time.  Signal has been good where I live.  So far so good..

I bought 2 of these phones within a week of each other. After a few days I realized that the first phone had lost it's charge rapidly so I charged the phone overnight and after a complete charge I left it sit without using it at all and after 8 hours the charge was gone. Tried removing ALL apps with no change. Phone number 2 would be at 90% after 8 hours. Tried swapping batteries but phone number one still would not hold a charge. Sent the phone back to Amazon and ordered another. Hopefully it will be like phone #2.

I've had my Optimus for a week now & love it. Easy to use ovoerall. I did have to reload a couple of apps because they didn't work right initially. This is my first smart phone and I had no idea what I've been missing. The only issue I have is the battery life is awful. If I use any apps it lasts less than 2 hours. I don't know if it's the phone or if I have a bad battery. I'm gonna get a second battery and see if the old battery was bad. I am still learning the features of the phone. Tjhs phone also has some great accessability features including a voice command that can be set to your voice. I really do love this phone and highly recommend it for a first android phone.

BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER SHE LOVES IT NOW I NEED ONEA REALLY GREAT DEAL WISH I HAD GOTTEN IT FOR MYSELF

This is a great mid level phone.  I used mine for 4 years before upgrading to Samsung Galaxy.  Now I use this as a dedicated VOIP phone.

Screen scratches really easily but a decent entry level smartphone. Can't run super intensive apps. But worth it for the price.

Great phone, but I thought it was supposed to come with a charger? Who can tell me why it didn't?

I wanted a smartphone to replace by T Mobile basic phone. I found that Virgin Mobile offers the best smartphone on a no contract plan. The two VM smartphones are the LG Optimus and the LG Triumph. The Triumph has a much larger screen, but costs twice.The Pros for this phone are:1. Android functionality2. good phone performance and call quality3. takes 32GB cards4. Great GPS5. Good camera.6. WiFi7. Very decent music playback quality.The Cons are:1. Battery life hardly lasts one day with moderate usage. (Much larger, after market battery available that completely eliminates this con.)2. screen scratches easily.3. No Flash app, though there is the Android UTube application.What makes this phone really special, IMO, is the Virgin Mobile NO CONTRACT plan (forty dollars plus tax):1. decent talk minutes (400minutes on cheapest plan)2. Unlimited texts - so far, no issues.3. Unlimited data (3G) - so far, speed has been decent.4. WiFi - works very well.5. Very easy and free activationNote on VM coverage: VM uses Sprint's network, but does not include ANY roaming. That means coverage is limited to metro areas, and along Interstates and major roads. Carefully check the coverage area before you buy.Note on the negative VM feedback: While most reviews for this PHONE are good, the web's user reaction to Virgin Mobile customer support is predominately NEGATIVE. This really scared me off. However, the brick and morter retailers disputed this negativity. My retailer offered 100% money back return, so I decided to give it a try. Since activation was easy, and I have had no issues with talk or data, I've had no reason to call support. For those of us who don't have to call support, this plan may be ok. Before you buy the phone, clarify with your retailer about the returnability of this prepaid phone, in case your customer support experience is unacceptable.

I've had this phone a couple months now and I like it a lot. There aren't that many good prepaid phones so having one with android is great. My favorite features are the google navigation and speech to text. I'm new to Virgin and it has been working ok for me. Sometimes there are problems with connecting to 3G but it seems to work better when I don't turn it to wifi only or sometimes if you just turn the phone on/off it's fixed. Pandora was a little disappointing because it will only play one song at a time and then it cuts out after each song. But overall this is a good phone, better than most of the other ones out there.

okay, for about a hundred bucks, this is a deal.  No Contract, $35 a month gets her 300 minutes, but more importantly, unlimited texts, and unlimited web access. Now granted, my 12 year old daughter did go through her minutes.  IN fact, I think the went through them in just two nights.  Right as Christmas break came apon her, she started missing all of her school friends. She did a 3 way call, and talked for hours.  Literally hours.  But she loves the phone, and all the apps.  In fact, I told her it needed a break, and took it away from her for a few hours.  Just long enough to let the phone cool off.Love it, enough said!

I bought this prepaid phone because I didn't want to sign any contracts.  It works o.k. for texting, but you will run out of phone storage after you download just a few apps, and there are no directions on how to clear anything to free up the storage (download AVG Cleaner and AVG Tuneup.)  Even if you do clear the cache, you still can't download many apps.  Even if you get a 32 GB MicroSD card, there's no point in getting it if the internal memory is practically zero because all of the apps you might download will require at least a small amount of data to be downloaded on the phone itself.  It does text and makes phone calls, but other than that, it's really just not a good phone.  It is not at all what I expected.  As soon as I can, I will be getting a completely different phone because this phone is almost completely worthless, and I'm not happy with it at all.  I don't want to mess with my phone all of the time to get it to work, which is what you are going to have to do with this phone!  Phones like this are the reason a lot of people buy iPhones...because they just work right out of the box!

(Note: I did not purchase this phone through Amazon)I've been using this phone since about mid-December.  I'm very pleased with the service from Virgin Mobile so far.My only gripe - and it's a major one - is that this phone is ALWAYS RUNNING LOW ON SPACE!This is my first "smart phone."  I've had an iPod Touch for about 3 years and I've had no problems installing apps on that, so long as the operating system is compatible.Androids aren't as user friendly.  True, I can add up to 32 gigs with a memory card, but certain apps (like Facebook) can only run on the phone's memory.  The phone itself has only 178 megabytes of memory.I don't spend tons of time talking on the phone. I could have saved another ten bucks with the 300 talk minute plan, but $45 is still a pretty good price to insure that I'm covered.  I got this phone to have internet on the go.  Over the past month I've had to make some hard choices as to what apps I wanted to keep in order to clear up space on the phone.  I run an app that easily moves apps off of the phone and on to the card, and also clears the phone's cache.  I've done everything I could think of the clear up space on the phone, but it still persists.I'm giving this a 3 star rating, because aside from this issue, the phone runs pretty well and I'm fine with the service.UPDATE:So soon?  Yes.When I got home from work today my phone was unresponsive.  It would not turn on.  I plugged it into the computer, took the battery out and replaced it.  Nothing worked.  I called Virgin.  They told me to take the battery out and plug it into an outlet.  Only then did it work.  Turns out I have a bad battery.  A problem that seems to plague this phone.  They're sending me a new battery.

I had this smartphone for about 2 months, and it is a great Android OS. It is the latest OS so far at 2.2, and as matter of fact, some smartphones in the Verizon and ATT networks are still running 2.1, so you'd be running a top of the line OS.Battery life is great lasting all day long IF you install one of the battery management Apps such as "Battery Saver" and set it to turn off unused apps every 1 or 2 minutes. In my opinion this is the best app for the task. Just make sure you set the right apps to be stopped. Nothing worthwhile is easy.The screen is bright and websites look beautiful. The only problem I have with this smartphone as well with any other touchscreen (including, er, iphone) is that the touchscreen keyboard SUCKS. It doesn't matter what people say, it is not easy to use a touchscreen keyboard, and it takes a big chunk of the screen. So, I'm letting this smartphone go, and I will get the Samsung Intercept which has a slide out keyboard, the way nature intended with REAL keys.Even though it doesn't have a dedicated graphics processor, I don't care, since I don't play video games much.One thing I forgot is that the Optimus V plays videogames fluidly, including angry birds and racing games, but playing video games on a touchscreen is not the way nature intended. Buy a PSP for that. Later!.

The LG Optimus V was my first smart phone.  It is phenomenal.  The phone is very fast and easy to use.  It is light, small, and feels fairly sturdy.  I love the Swype function in Android (let's you write words without lifting your finger--very helpful).  I have had no problems with this phone and am very happy with the purchase.  When using a bunch of applications, the battery is pretty short lived, but I don't know that any phone would do better.  Overall, I am very satisfied and definitely recommend!UPDATE:  This phone has way too little internal storage.  I don't use very many apps, but I now get a low storage warning all the time.  I've deleted what I can spare and cleared all texts, etc, but it's not enough.  All other people that I know who have this phone have the same problem. I can't even receive texts anymore! Also, it sometimes randomly shuts down.Because of these problems, I bought a new phone, the HTC One V.  It does not have these problems, but has plenty of its own.

This was a revelation when I got this in March 2011 -- it was like having my laptop in my pocket -- everything  worked terrifically, fast, etc., but now its pokey 600 mhz processor and other software/hardware shortcomings are becoming all too apparent.The "Low on space" notification comes on numerous times daily now. Came w/only 140 mb of memory and much of that is already taken up by various apps (not all can be moved over to the SD card) and phone software. The warning comes out when you dip below 18 mb and then you can't send out txt msgs until you clear out a few things. I'm not a big app person; move everything over to the SD card when possible but this phone has so little RAM it's pathetic.Only the Home and Back buttons work nowadays -- this condition mysteriously showed up about a year ago. I take good care of my phone btw -- keep it clean; periodic off/shutdowns; cycle out battery when things get slow.  Don't want to try a hard reset yet because I'd have to re-download all my apps, etc.Hey, it's getting old.  The screen's small so things are tougher to read.  Battery barely lasts 12 hrs and I use JuiceDefender and usually have GPS off.The phone audio quality is good; for all its critics Virgin/Sprint's network operates well here.  Camera quality is slightly above average in daylight; decidedly poor in concert/show/dark settings. 3.2 mp is bare minimum for well-lit shots; camera has a very slow shutter where there's a 1-2 second delay from when you press the shutter button and when the camera takes the pic, so your subject better not move until the shutter clicks.It was a good beginner phone but now I'm moving on to Virgin's HTC EVO 4G phone and will try to get at least 2 good years out of that. Technology changes quickly.

My husband and I did our research and we picked a great phone! Our last phone just called and texted but finally having a phone with apps and a data plan is fantastic! This phone is sleek, had a nice sized screen, a long battery life, and still fits in my pocket! I love it!

This phone is not perfect, but it gets 5 stars because for $25 a month and no minimum contract, it is absolutely unbeatable in terms of value. I was previously paying close to $70 a month for a non-smart phone that couldn't even function as that most of the time due to reception issues. Even including the initial cost of the phone, I will be saving myself almost $400 this year by switching to a smart phone. I still don't understand how this is possible.The pros of the actual phone are that it is a droid phone that seems to function very well so far and is a good size for your pocket. Some others are just a little too big for me. If this is your first smart phone, then I don't think you could fail to be amazed by the stuff you can suddenly do on your phone, and by all the free software that is seconds away by download.The cons for me are the camera (poor in low light and no flash), and the built-in speaker. The speaker can be quite fuzzy, and because it is located on the back, you can only hear it optimally when the screen it facing away from you. If you put the camera down, then most of the sound is muffled. I also find the speakerphone pretty much unusable during calls due to its fuzziness.Battery life is not great, but this depends on how you want to use it. If you need to be instantly notified about every email and will be using the phone constantly throughout the day, then this phone is not a solution for your needs. For me its fine though. When I am at my desk, I just turn the internet fully off as I can see emails etc on my desktop. Then when away from the desk (or at weekends), I turn the internet on and use Juice Defender to limit internet checking (e.g. receiving new emails and facebook messages etc) once every 15 minutes. This makes the phone get through the day without limiting it too much.  Use QuickSettings to rapidly switch on and off Wi-Fi, blue tooth, GPS and internet.I also have TaskKiller installed. There is much debate over whether this is a good thing or not, but I found that the built in photo viewer (Galleries) was using loads of battery even when I wasn't looking at it. Task Killer makes sure the program shuts down when you stop using the phone. I set it to allow all other tasks to remain open.The other issue is internal memory. There are thousands of amazing apps out there. Most can be moved to your SD card, but many cannot. You will quickly run out of space on the Optimus V unless you are more frugal with your apps than anybody wants to be when first discovering so much free amazingness.In summary, if you are someone who needs a blackberry, don't get this phone. If you are switching from an iphone, then you will probably be disappointed by the camera. BUT if you are someone who wants a very functional smart phone for an amazingly low monthly cost, AND no contract, then you can't go wrong with this phone. I am in love with it despite its few obvious flaws.

this phone freezes all the time and the apps always close for no reason....your much better off to just buy the motorola from virgin mobile

great smart phone , 35 bucks a month  unlimited texts and data 300 min talk time no better deal when it comes to service phones google based so it wants you to sign up for a google account which sucks.google stole the web from us.life goes on!

When I first got the phone I thought it was great, but after using it for a month I'm somewhat disappointed.First off when I turn my phone off and start it back up all of my ringtones are reset to their default settings (my old phone the lg optimus v never did this). Secondly I sometimes need to take out the battery to hang up on a call, during a call the screen locks on me and when I push the sleep/power button on top of the phone nothing happens so I can't hang up or use the dial pad so I am forced to pry off the back and take out the battery. If your looking to buy this phone to replace your old lg optimus I would recommend you look at other phones first before you make your final decision.

I have up graded my phone many times, but always can depend ans rely on this phone! Even more than the elite model!

I have this cell phone for a month now, and I already neeeded to change it. The charger as huge issues.Two of my friends have the same cell phone since september, one had to replace it because it's dead, and the other one has big problem when it charges his phone. He never knows if it's actually charging..When there are no problem , the cell phone is a good android phone

I've had this phone for not even a year and a half. I loved it at first (it was my first smartphone). Now I'm just waiting on our tax return so I can get a phone that actually works right. It's REALLY slow, and the memory is HORRIBLE. It crashes and apps force close all the time. The only good thing about this phone is the battery life, but that's probably because I use it mostly with wifi. If you're wanting a phone that works well for MAYBE a year, then you could get this phone. Seems like a waste of money to me, though. I do plan on keeping it so that my kids can play games on it, but that's all it'll really be good for. I do not recommend this phone.

I currently am using it and have had NO problems with the phone itself or Virgin Mobile services(I've been with them for over 5 years) the picture quality is far better in color and sharper than the HTC EVO 3d. Calls are not dropped and the phones features are typical of androids.

I loved the fact that it got here fast, and was exactly what I wanted. My boyfriend lost it  (the phone) recently and I am looking forward to finding another deal, just like this one.

This phone is great! I was very excited to be able to get an android phone and still have my no contract plan! It was very easy for me to get used to when switching from my LG rumor.

Those who are looking for there first smartphone this is it. This is mine because I've never taken a chance on a smartphone because i figured why pay that much? This phone was a great deal and has a great operating system (2.2). The camera works well on the device all though i wish it would have came with flash. I have NOT ever had a problem with service. If i could change one thing about this phone, is to add more internal space for applications. So overall i would suggest this phone for anyone of all ages. :)

love this phone, has everything one could ask for.  Great price and features, battery life is not the best but adequate.

I'm a longtime Virgin Mobile customer that was also a Helio customer before and after VM acquired them. Over the space of the last decade or so, I've used everything from ultra-low end handsets that cost $20 and could barely place a call, to ultra-high end $200 handsets in Helio's contract lineup which could (at least in theory) do everything short of toasting bread. Generally speaking, I've found that Virgin's 'high end' devices weren't really worth the expense- their advanced features tended to be poorly suited to their pay-as-you-go billing system, no cheaper than contract phones on their monthly plans, and just plain buggy.VM's new monthly plans and handsets, however, made me shell it out for yet another try. The main reason was devices like the Optimus V, which have a proven track record on Sprint (which Virgin runs on), T-mobile, and others. I'd also been getting tired of being made fun of with my beat-up old Samsung M340 which had never been too great in the call quality department anyhow. The Optimus V is an entry-level Android smartphone with full touchscreen control and the ability to run most apps. Among other features (which you can look up here or on VM's site) it has an external SD card slot, 3.2 MP camera, motion sensor, and rear speakerphone. It also comes with a basic wired headset, which you can replace with most third party (including bluetooth) earpieces.The biggest draw for the Optimus V, and Virgin in general, is cost. Rates start at $25 a month for unlimited data, texting, and 300 minutes. You can restart this whenever you want, so if you run out of minutes before a month is up you can just start the next month (so to speak) by paying another $25. For those that spend way more time using mobile web/email and texting than talking, this is an insanely good deal. Furthermore- and probably best of all- you are under no contractual obligations, which means if you cancel your plan (essentially, stop paying) you don't get hit with an ETF. This does mean you have to pay the full price of the handset, but the flexibility is worth it.It's worth noting, before delving into the pros and cons of the device itself, that there has been a very serious- borderline dealbreaker- technical issue with the Optimus V. In many areas, including mine, the phone would randomly drop its 3G connection and fail to reconnect. When this happened it wouldn't give any indication that something was wrong- the only way you could tell was by trying to send or receive data, which would time out. This was a big problem because if you have background data on, it would be madly attempting to retry transfer, which would eat up the battery like crazy- sometimes in 2 hours from a full charge. You have to manually toggle the device's mobile network to restore it. This issue seems to have been resolved recently in my area, but be warned that others have reported still having it. Google "optimus v 3g drops" if you want to learn more.Pros:Call quality is excellent, much better than any previous Virgin device I've used.Screen is superb in resolution and clarity, decent even in sunlight, and very responsive to touch and gestures. Typing on the virtual keyboard is no problem.The device is quite powerful for an entry-level smartphone and can run most apps smoothly.The build and housing are well done with a nice, solid feel and rubberized grip. It feels like it can take a few licks, and it has in my possession.Standard Google apps, such as maps/navigation, gmail, calendar, news/weather all work seamlessly. I've found this is a worthy replacement for my old Garmin GPS and serves as a better scheduling reminder than desktop web versions of Google Apps. Contacts and events sync between both automatically, so you can enter information wherever you want.Between the installed apps and stuff you can download for free, you can use this phone for pretty much anything you'd care to. It has all the basic utility features as well: decent mp3 player, email, calculator, alarm clock, browser, and chat. While it's no iPhone killer, you can do every basic task that higher end smartphones can tackle.You can root it (at your own risk) and use 3rd party apps that enable things like the mobile hotspot, which works decently. While Sprint's EVDO network might not be the latest and greatest in speed, it's plenty fast enough for web browsing.Cons:Flash doesn't work on this handset, and as far as I know there's no way to hack it (at least not for free) yet.Since the speakerphone is rear-mounted, it can be hard to hear if you put the phone down with the screen facing upwards. This means you're forced to place it face down, which is somewhat awkward seeing as how all the controls are on the front.Battery life is so-so, even after the glitch with the 3G drops was resolved. I usually have to charge it every other day with only moderate use. If you use the phone frequently or take frequent calls, expect to have to charge it daily. A car charger is recommended, and you can find some cheap ones that do the trick right here on Amazon.The motion sensor is a bit flaky, enough so that I just turned it off. The phone often fails to detect that it's been turned to landscape or portrait mode or, probably worse, sometimes falsely detects it has been reoriented. It has no sense of up or down, so if you wake it up in landscape mode it'll still show in portrait.The camera takes mediocre pictures, especially if you zoom. It doesn't focus too well by itself, so unless the subject is at ideal range and with ideal lighting, don't expect awesome results. Video is likewise unimpressive.The Optimus V is easily the best handset in Virgin's lineup and a very inexpensive and capable device. I heartily recommend it if you're at all interested in getting into the smartphone craze, yet don't want to pay out your children's inheritance in the process.

This is my first Android phone and I am impressed. Its sturdy, fits in your pocket, but not too small that you can't see the screen. Virgin Mobile have great customer service and several family members changed to them at same time. We are more than happy with the 3 phones we have purchased from this seller. It has has crashed twice on me but removing the battery rebooted it. I hear that can happen. It seems fast enough for me, I love the SWYPE keyboard and still learning how to use the many other features it offers. The camera is kind of slow to take pictures like many digital cameras, but takes a decent picture and video for a phone. My son did lots of research about phones and this has a lot of bang for the price.

Great phones, just bought two and this being my first time with Android I have tested them thoroughly and they are great.  Too bad they don't have flash yet but I can't complain.

I am just going to get straight to what's bad about it as it's almost perfect in every other aspect.The battery life doesn't even last all day sometimes. Only lasts a few hours of constant use. So buy a backup battery if you are somewhere without a charger. Virgin Mobile sucks for coverage so expect no bars in most places. I get no bars at home, no bars at work except in the break room, and no service unless I'm outside. Bad service, bad battery. Other than that, it's great. Doesn't play the best games cause it's a entry level smartphone, but it plays plenty. Bottom Line? I am happy with this phone.

I have been using this phone for about a month now.  It is a solid, well working phone.  I've had two issues with it, one of which is resolved and the other which is a potential unfixable flaw:1. initially my Gmail and Google calendar were working fine, but then fell out of sync. After playing around with the passwords and resetting a bunch of stuff, it finally started working again.  Not sure if this was actually a phone issue or a Google issue.2. this one is definitely a phone issue:  after-market headphones do not work well in this phone.  The stock in-ear phones that came with it sound fine, but I've bought two different pairs of expensive, after-market in-ear phones and both sound tinny and faint - like they aren't connecting well.  The only difference I can see is that the stock phones have 3 rings on the jack, whereas the after-market phones have two.  My 'suspicion' is that Optimus has manufactured their phone to only work well with their own phones.  If this is the case, then beware!  If I had known this before I bought the phone I would have not bought it.UPDATE:date: December 2012.  I've had this phone for over a year now.  Still work solidly, and is rugged enough to keep on ticking after being dropped.  My chief complaints are: as noted above, its hard / impossible to find non-LG earphones for it.  And secondly, the virtual memory sucks - I am continually getting "out of storage" warnings whenever I try to load a new app or use a current one.  I can see I have plenty of storage on the SD card, and all of the apps that I can move to the SD card have been moved there.  It just doesn't seem to manage its memory very well.  For this reason I will not buy another of these phones once I'm ready to change.

Kind of slow and didn't get service in the Grand Canyon.  Limited services. It rarely freezes which is good.  Have trouble using the keypad to enter passwords and such for some reason.  Not sure why that is.

I really like this phone because everything works fast. I take advantage of the Swype feature which not many phones have. After having it for about a month, one issue I have is that my phone will sometimes restart on its own. Other than that, I really do love my phone. I had an HTC before which had much more issues.

I'm typing this review on the phone at midnight because I didn't think it could wait for morning. It came in the mail today with free shipping, one day faster than estimated, and it's amazing. This phone is 10x better than my old blackberry, and the plan is almost three times less, at only $35 for unlimited texting and data, with 400 minutes; the old phone was charging $90 for the same thing. Plus, with five dollar monthly insurance, the deductible to get a replacement is only $25- $100 at sprint. A necessity if your someone like me who loses phones twice a year like me. And again, the phone itself is still way better than the old one. For a great phone at a great price, you just can't beat it.

Starting out I loved this phone. After 8 months I had to get a replacement phone. With replacement it has now been 8 months. I have to try and not throw this phone against the wall. It freezes, restarts sometimes, deletes contacts occasionally, overheats (not as bad after buying new battery), and has short battery life (2hrs). Good temporary phone overall.

Pros- Cheap- AndroidCons- drains battery very quickly- tons of junk firmware/apps that you cant deleteProbably one of the better smart phones for Virgin Mobile. I miss my iPhone though.

That best 150.00 i ever spent,i had a VM Blackberry curve before the V that phone sucked,but never once did it fail to make a call or drop a call,the data was slow but it always worked,back in march i decided to give the optimus V a shot,and so glad i did,it was great once i learned how android worked,you add up a separate GPS mp3 player and phone and it is much more then 150.00 now add in the fact for 43.00 dollars a month you get 1200 minutes talk unlimted txt ad data no caps or throttling i have noticed and it's a no brainer,the only reason i can see someone complaining is the coverge in their area is not good,or the purchased a dud,as for me this phone has never failed me.other then a data issue for about 5 days,that has been fixed in my area,but the phone and text worked right thru it.i recommend anyone who wants a smartphone and does not want to sign a contract and spend 100 or more a month, give it a shot.

Screen:Very bright and sharpCamera:excellent quality under good lighting, look awesome viewing from pc screen.Camcorder:decent quality with good lighting and steady hands.GPS:Works better than my Garmin. (traffic reports,satellite view offers off road maps,hiking,mountain biking etc...)Tethering:Hardly use this feature but incredibly useful and works great with quick setting app.battery:With the quick setting management about average, I have got myself Anker charger and two extrabatteries. The charger charges batteries fully within an hour.web surfing:Incredibly faster than other smart phones.Y tube:High def, quality no lagging at all.Phone:cant complaint.apps:I love voice recognition and swype, incredibly practical and useful for texting.

When I saw the same phone at much cheaper price at Best Buy, I was disappointed with my investment and felt dishonored.

What this phone isn't:It's not an iPhoneIt's not a magical device that will make the cool people at starbucks talk to you.It's not going to be a portable game device.It's not a portable movie theater.It's not going to just work as you go globe trotting.It's not something you only have to charge every once in awhile.What this phone is:The best bang for you buck possible in a wireless phone and service.  For 135 bucks you get a serviceable fully functional Android smart phone with unlimited text and data and 300 minutes of talk with a 35$ monthly fee.  Most people I know pay around 60 bucks a month just for service.  That makes it 540 a year vs nearly a grand for anywhere else.  The phone itself is the king of entry level smart phones and destroys anything in it's class.  While it does chug a bit on complicated apps/games, it's plenty fast when doing all the normal stuff, like calling or texting or surfing the web.  Really the only game I've had issues on is the newer Angry Birds games that are graphics intensive.  Most other games seem to run fine. The screen is a bit small, but that has the side benefit of making the actual phone much smaller.  An excellent phone for an excellent price.

Bought this in 2011, still works fine.Battery life is not that great so get one of those free apps that helps you manage battery life. By default the phone battery lasts 1 day, 1.5 days at best.Occasional black-screen, usually happens when it comes in contact with water, easily fixed by taking battery out and putting it back in.Call quality varies, mostly decent.Locked into the $25 per month plan, saved a ton of money over the 3 years.One of my best purchases, ever.

Overall I like the phone-- my boyfriend bought his first and so I got to "test-drive" it for a few days first. The controls are pretty intuitive, and the Swype app is awesome for text. I can even compose full emails on the phone (albeit slower than on a keyboard). The screen appears to be self-healing? In any case, it has survived several weeks tossed in my purse without a case with nary a scratch. Impressive.Three notes of caution-- it has a small internal storage space. That can be remedied by buying a larger SD card and moving everything you can to that (there's an app that can help you with that). Or you can root your phone and move *everything* to the SD card.Also, the phone as it is out of the box is not Flash-compatible. It will play YouTube videos through the YouTube app, but not videos on stand-alone sites. This appears to be solved when you root it, as well.Finally, this is really a data-focused phone. Talking on it makes you sound like you're in a tin can (though it also has something to do with the phone you're calling). Most of the plans are talk-minimum and data-heavy anyway, but just be forewarned. My mother complains about it whenever I call her (but no one else seems to have noticed, hmmm...).

I am coming from the background of being a loyal AT&T; wireless customer (over 8 years).  I finally got tired of spending so much per month and then having to pay extra for texting and extra for data!  My review is going to cover 1.LG Optimus V compared to the iPhone 4; 2.My purchase experience with shopcelldeals; and 3.Virgin Mobile service as compared to AT&T; in central Texas (Star rating does not include this category).1. Going from the iPhone to Android was not a terribly difficult transition.  All in all the phones are very similar.  Worst part is that all the apps that I purchased on iTunes are no longer useable.  I like how Android is much more customizable than iOS 4.0 (i.e. I was able to use any song for text notification!).  I love the auto sync with my google account - like mobileme for iPhone only free.  I love Amazon cloud player which is not yet available on iOS (Google is also currently beta testing a similar service!).  Music no longer has to take up storage space on my phone!  The LG Optimus is very fast.  It is arguable that my iPhone lagged more.  I have had issues installing certain Android apps on this LG Optimus (i.e. Jenga does not work on this phone - many other commented the same).  My biggest frustration is how small the internal phone memory is.  All apps have to store at least part of the program on the phone and some apps are not able to install on the SD card at all (must be completely installed on the phone). The only other negative so far is that if I use the phone like I did my iPhone, the battery dies in about 10-12 hrs whereas my iPhone would usually last about 16 hrs.  Bought an extra charger for at work to help cope with this issue.  Overall great phone for $130!2.  I was very happy with the service I received from shopcelldeals!  I received the phone 3 days after I purchased it.  It came in a durable shipping box with packing bubbles.  I felt very confidently about the safetly of the packaging.  I saved $20 plus $16 in tax as compared to the Virgin Mobile website.  Thank you very much for the great service!3.  The phone was so easy to activate! I spent 10 minutes on the phone getting my number transferred and my Virgin Mobile account set up (as compared to the 2 hrs I spent setting up a prepaid account on T-mobile!).  The service in Temple, TX has been great so far compared to AT&T.;  I used to drop a couple calls a week and so far, day 4 and no dropped calls and reception is good!  $25 for 300 minutes, unlimited data, and unlimited texting - WOW!  So here is THE CATCH - I knew of this before signing up but it is something that you want to know before you start.  There is no night/weekend minutes and no mobile to mobile thus you use your anytime minutes for absolutely every call.  Also there is no roaming period (you don't pay roaming charges but the Sprint network is limited; once you leave the service area, you simply have no service).  For me living on I35 it is not an issue, but examine the coverage map before you sign up.  Also, Virgin Mobile has this great program where when you refer a friend you and your friend both get free minutes!  If you are going to activate your knew phone online, enter this code in the "Kickbacks" box for 60 free anytime minutes: LDXFwH94Overall very happy with the purchase, and very happy to be free from AT&T;!

This is a great phone for the price, but just giving consumers a heads up that the minimum plan is now $35.  I still have the $25 plan because I had it before the switch, but I don't think new customers get that price.

I love this phone! My first android phone was a Keyocera Rise. It's a nice phone, but the damn thing was always losing my wifi signal, while my ps3 and laptop still had connection, so, my modem wasn't the problem. It would even tell me I wasn't in range of my own wifi, even though I was in my own house! LG Optimus V, however, hasn't done that. I leave the house, with my phone (phone switches to 3G) and when I come home, this phone reconnects to my wifi immediately. Some of the apps I had on my previous phone aren't compatible with this phone (Walgreens & Simpsons: Tapped Out) but that's ok. It's still a terrific phone.

The Optimus V is very unique in its own way.  There is both a bad unique and a good unique with the Optimus. Let's start with the bad.CONS:-The Optimus V has a very mediocre processor at 600mHZ, but I will talk about this more later.-Games lag a lot(don't stop reading I will explain this more in the pro list)-Many crashes in the beginning, none after about a week of use.-Battery life is closer to bad than good.-No flash.-Camera could be better but the pictures outdoors with adequate lighting looks pretty good for a phone-Android 2.2-Plastic material used for almost the whole phone, this might be a pro for some people, a con for some people.-HORRIBLE INTERNAL MEMORY CAPACITY!  Really LG, 150MB? With all the stock apps and the VM apps, its really about 100MB.  Enough room for 5-15 apps.  And you might say, why don't you move the apps to the SD card?  Well even if you do hack it to go on the SD card, some of the features won't work and most notably if you want to put a widget the app needs to be on the phone's internal memory.PROS:-Many, many custom gingerbread ROMS that will satisfy all the Angry Birds nerds out there as for some reason the stock ROM can't handle some games(Angry Birds) and also people who are waiting for the gingerbread(2.3) update as the update has rolled out to Sprint LG Optimus S customers but there are reports of many bugs and problems.  I know this is about the Optimus V but the ROM that I am using(cyanmod 7) is amazing.  As I said the games run without lag and the whole experience is just better as cyanmod 7 has many custom tweaks you can make to better fit your use of the device(WARNING, putting custom ROMS might break your phone, do it at your own risk)-Vanilla android(no modifications to the UI by the manufacturer)-Processor performance makes it look better than 600mHZ LG did a good job of maximizing performance from the processor.-Prepaid plans!-The touchscreen is pretty responsive compared to the Intercept.CONCLUSION:So basically its a great phone for first-time users, as I was, but after you get used to it you will download more apps as I said the internal memory capacity is horrible and soon you will be searching for available memory.  So for previous smartphone users who don't want to be tied up to a 2 year contract with outrageous monthly fees, the Optimus V might be a stretch, but the more high-end Motorola Triumph will probably be adequate.  The Optimus V will be perfect for people who use it for email, business calls, and a casual game basically the type who use it more as a phone and a mobile email checker.  People who want to use it as a iPod touch, getting apps and playing games, this isn't your phone.

I don't usually like gadgets and I hate cell phones, but I really like this one to play with.  All the functionalities work well (camera, bluetooth,facebook, google map navigation, etc). The only part I don't like is I still can't figure out how to end a call.  The screen goes black and when I return it goes to the home screen and I have to fumble to get to the "ongoing call".  It's probably just me being slow with technology and frankly I don't use it for phone calls that much so it's OK.With the Virgin $25/mo deal for unlimited data I'm highly pleased with this purchase.
