
i love it too!, but i think i need a 3v adaptor for charging.i thought ican use the iphone usb adaptor.

Its a little bulky but it seems to be designed that way due to the fact I have seen others made by the same makers but are way slimmer. I honesty expected it to be broken by now(update-charging port seems to have a short) for what I paid for it. But even after a few bumps and bruises it's holding up like a champ.  The screen shows up well in almost all lights and the battery really has not been a problem. The speaker during phone calls is a little low but oddly enough is louder then most hand held cell's playing music. The camera is not good but its still cool and in the right light you can get a fair low res pic/video.  Navigation of the screen as you may expect is a little ruff. Answering calls or scrolling thru saved contact and or playing music from your list can be done fairly easy with the edge of your finger but when it comes to texting you will be breaking out the handy built in stylus... And yes its a bit of a pain. Why no custom templates or voice text is a loss but remember what you paid. Still a larger more handset modern style layout would have been nice for texting and while the draw on feature is great it still required the stylus. You can also drag the stylus over the screen stopping on the letter you want to select but you can't write entire words like swype texting.  Phone calls are clear and I have had no complaints on quality while using the speaker or bluetooth.  The menus are poorly set up but you get use to them just remember to save all numbers to sim and media to SD or you will be out of memory quickly. It was delivered in one day but nothing came with it but the watch and charger and I don't know if it was for testing but I could tell it had been used even though the wrist band  and conditions of the watch did not reflect use.. But there were actually photos in the phone. Only one or two and they looked like test shots. But as I said no issues more then I can say for the latest tablet I bought. Look its cutting edge and it works. With the right Bluetooth ear piece you will love the freedom of it. not looking for or leaving behind your phone or digging it out your pocket just feels right. And it don't have to be connected to one in your pocket freeing up pocket space. If you like to play games text heavy and use a lot of apps then move on. But if you just need the basics or a second phone this is the one. Nobody cares its off brand because the idea is still fairly new people will be impressed with your go go gadget watch and it will work for you. If you only use it now and then via switching your sim card from phone to phone or prepaid service  its a great buy and a must have for tech-ies (have not tried web yet will update) also remember At&t and Tmobile are two major carriers who use gsm.

loved it it was a very good phone the phone works real good thinking about buy 2 more could not believe  how good day work

Had a bit of trouble with the original one, but with the help of their Customer Support all came out well and I am really impressed with this watch and what it can do. I don't have a data plan so can't get on the internet with it, but as small as the face is a lot of what I would find on the internet would be too small or chopped up to read. It is so easy to use, installing contacts and phone numbers and I even mastered taking a picture. Haven't tried the video yet.I am in my 80's and got this for safety's sake and really do feel safe with the ability to call 911 if I needed help. Don't have to carry my big smart phone that is smarter than me, so I don't feel inadequate now.If it doesn't work when you get it work with the CS folks. They will figure out what you are trying to question them about and help. I returned one that didn't seem to work, they mailed another that got lost in the Christmas rush, then sent me another and it works well, I even understand how to use it. Just what I needed. And so glad I persisted and so did their Customer Service folks.

I ordered two by accident and one worked and one didn't but and I was going to keep the one that worked but the phone company im with wouldn't activate the watch cuz they say they have there own for sale

First off lets cut to the chase. If you're looking for iPhone/Android type features and apps, this is not the phone for you. This is a neat little "gadget." I certainly am not planning on using this as my main phone, but I bought it for the geek factor. I thought it'd be neat to wear once in a while so I can get my James Bond on and have people be all "Oh that's neat!"Now that we got that out of the way I'll go on the watch itself. The manual is obviously written by a non native English speaker. No big deal to me as most of it is pretty self explanatory. The watch is big! I don't really mind as I prefer larger watches but this is cutting it close size wise. It came partially charged and I did not want to wait to charge it so I played with it right away. I placed my SIM in the back of the phone and it immediately recognized it. I had to manually update the time/date. I placed a test call and it worked perfectly. The phone itself has a speaker and it also comes with a set of headphones. The headphones plug into the USB jack (it's not the standard Mini/Micro USB jack.)Incoming calls worked fine as well. The screen and the ringtones remind me of Nokia type technology from the early 2000's so don't expect much. The camera worked but to be honest it's probably not of much use to anybody. Texting was a bit of a pain. the screen is very small for texting and even with the included stylus it's a chore. It does have the ability to handwrite on the screen, but writing one letter at a time will wear you out.Didn't even bother with the video recorder/player or the MP3 player.Couldn't figure out the internet. It didn't automatically configure itself. Even if I could figure it out I'm not sure I'd ever use it. Maybe this weekend I'll mess around with the settings because I would like to be able to receive my email on it as well.All that being said. If you're looking for a neat little gadget to wear once in a while and are fine with the early 2000's cell phone screen/menus then you'll like this.Edited to add: I wore this out for lunch this past weekend and the waitress loved the look of it. When I told her it was a phone she about flipped. Lol. YMMV.

I bought this watch for my 10 year old daughter. When I received the watch the back piece that holds the battery would not stay in place, the battery is suppose to be attached to the back panel and it keeps coming off making it unable to snap in place. I will be looking at returning the watch.

I'm currently overseas, and AT&T was giving me a hard time for unlocking my phone. I purchase this because I didnt want to carry two phones. It works great with my beat wireless headphones. Ita a little bulky however, it get the job done. If you are looking for something to wow you then this is not your product. It simple and reasonale to make calls. Works with sim card only. Sorry verizon users.

I think we all have to do our homework before buying and leaving poor reviews.I read the one star review about the watch/phone not working with Verizon, well of course....because Verizon it's not on a GSM network, and if you read the specifications of the item, you will find that it says GSM network.Verizon uses CDMA network.

Belt not strong Got broke first day and I fix it without bothering the seller.Works fine and Excellent product.Phone works finejust insert sim card. GSM of course AT&T; Simple mobile ,T-Mobile etc..But not Spring or Verizon because they are not GSMThe Watch Can be used also overseas with other GSM Providers

I don,t see well, but I am able to get by with this phone. I bought this cell, because I am always losing my cell.Not anymore! Works fine for calls, better with a bluetooth earpiece. After practice I can handle the stylus wellenough to send text. As for calls, I can now just use my finger to dial. Tricky but it works.The clicker was,,, I had it two weeks, and my wife grabbed my jacket, with my watch in my pocket, and threwit in the wash. It spent almost 4 minutes in the water, getting washed. I fished it out, took out the sim sd cardand used the Rice and Sun on the window shelf method for 24 hours. Recharged the battery, and reset everything.Still works! It keeps good time too! For 50Bucks, i'm satisfied.

It is a phone and a watch in one.Blue tooth technology links it to your phone. So it is not a phone on its own. It also doesn't import your contacts. The screen is very small and they should have made a stylus pocket and included a stylus on it as even my slender piano playing fingers were too big to use on this. Cool concept, but I think I wait a few years to buy another after they have vastly improved them to make them cool and functional, not just cool.

screen too small. could not access the some parts of the screen keyboard even with the stylus. some screens unresponsive.not acceptable.

I Didn't like the watch.  It didn't work like I was told. Sorry but it gets a very low ratidine.  you as a company ,  Are Great and have an excellent return policy.  Thank-you Ms Donoso

I really did my research before making this purchase. I felt very confident that I knew what I was going to get for my investment, and I was right. I expected to get a fairly bulky, aesthetically challenged watch with a 90's looking interface, staticky radio, bad MP3 player and poor quality still and video camera. And that's exactly what I got. To be clear, none of those features were important to me, I merely wanted a cellphone watch with Bluetooth connectivity. So, I wasn't completely disappointed when I confirmed just how crappy those superfluous features were, especially the radio. I don't know why they bothered to include it in the first place. Anyway, I popped in an AT&T prepaid SIM card and immediately started making and receiving calls. The cellphone feature works like a charm! The cell's sound quality is surprisingly good. Like other reviewers have said, texting is sort of cumbersome because you have to use the stylus, which by the way, greatly diminishes the watch's cool factor. But I'm convinced that in time I'll become adapt at writing short texts with just the tips  of my fingernails. The watch's battery life is also very good considering how much I use it during the day. I'm well into day three of ownership and I haven't recharged it yet. The headphones and charger are adequate, but it is clear to me that they were not made to last. Suffice to say, I'm already canvassing for replacement peripherals. That said, I had hoped that the Bluetooth feature on the watch would work so that I could pair it with my iPhone. Alas, this wasn't meant to be. Each attempt to pair with my iPhone was met with a message stating that "THIS DEVICE IS NOT SUPPORTED". I guess Bluetooth connectivity was just too much to ask for. By the way, that's the only reason why I didn't give this super cool cell phone watch a 5 star rating. Seriously, if the cell feature isn't that important to you then you should REALLY AVOID this purchase. On the other hand, if the cell feature is the MOST important feature to you then I wholeheartedly encourage you to make this purchase. But be sure to do your homework first! Cheers!

this is not good phone &whatch  I like look for whatch bat not good I los my many $45.00 usd

This watch is the best! I had no problems with this watch. The only thing that bothers me that when I was trying to tap on the number 0, it went to number 1, but who cares. Everything works fine. It is like a media center in my wrist, just like it is advertised. It is great for on the go or for special occasions. I would recommend to people that really and I mean really love watch phones. That would be great! And yes, it is a little bulky and like I said, everything is still fine. All apps are working, nothing's damage, delivered on time, all stuff in the package, no problem. Thank you PGD Group! Rate: 100/100I would recommend this to my friends and family.By the way, when I bought this watch for $49.99, the form said $59.99It didn't really matter because I love this watch a lot! It is just $10 gone.Money doesn't matter, it is life and the stuff you buy that matters.

No display about a week after i got this product

Purchased for 9yr. son. Only draw back is that you can only use headphones that are supplied with the watch. (square plugin on headphones to watch). Would've been nice if headphone plug was a standard plug. Also volume on both headphones and phone speaker are very low, so it is hard to hear your caller. But caller can hear my son loud an clear.

Good Watch. All functions were working fine, execpt the fact that it is unlocked to work only in US. I tried a India sim and it says &#34;Invalid Sim&#34;. So not able to use the most important function. Otherwise the stuff got delivered on time, no issues.

So the face is a little big but over all the watch is cool. Don't be expecting service in a thick cement structure like a casino but just regular it works great.  Don't practice typing too much.

I purchased the smart watch but the watch could not be activated. For me that is not a good buy

Not compatible with iPhones &asked for a sim card. I returned it & got a pebble instead. I didn't like the look either.

This watch is awesome. Got it for my hubby and he LOVES it. Havent gotten him activated with tracfone yet, but will in a week or so. He has his music on it and uses it all the time. He uses it with bluetooth, to use the radio part you have to use wired headphones but even that he dont mind. He has been showing it off to EVERYONE lol.

Besides needing a extra sim card and a blue tooth head phone this watch works great. The price is great to a lot less then the $ 200.00 that the other guys are asking.

Super Cool Qaud Band Watch Touch Screen Cell Phone WhiteI chose 4 stars mainly because it didn't come the way it was advertised. On my 'Super Cool Quad Band Touch Screen Watch' it only had 6 icons on the screen instead of 9 like it's advertised, that being said...i guess i didn't get all the features advertised in the ad i saw. The ad i saw advertised internet, java games, mp3/4, fm, and more (i have the other features).When i got it i purchased a prepaid tmobile sim and micro sd card and it worked right away. When i got homme i loaded the sd card with music and that worked as well ( i think you have to load music to both phone and sd card for it to work). I charged my bluetooth and it connect right away. The camera and video camera works surprisingly well. The texting is okay, only because you have to use a tiny stylus, but i think the size would be perfect for a kid.(Side Note: I am not for young kids having cell phones, but this is DEFINITELY something i would give to my 12 and 9 years old kids! It's discreet enough that a school official wouldn't take it based on looks, it doesn't have games on it to distract them. It has just enough to keep them entertained, and you as a parent can contact them in case of an emergency!...talk, text, and mp3/4 with bluetooth accessibility.So...all that being said i'd recommend this product to the person that wants the freedom to take their phone anywhere without the feeling of lugging around a bulky phone, that may or may not want to use bluetooth, that enjoys music, and doesn't mind texting with a tiny stylus!Note: If I find anything else that i like or dislike i will definitely add to this post if possible or create another. ENJOY!!! :o)

I was shocked I did not expect much but I love this watch. I however strongly suggest purchasing a wii stylist it makes things allot easier. The instructions are easy to follow, the screen is not as tiny as everyone says. Very good product for what the price is. Mine had the inspector gadget theme song built in as one of the ring tones and that made it super cool.

I bought this watch phone for my nine year old daughter.  It is really good.  The ability to take out pictures is great and the features are not to hard to use.  She loves the touch screen effect.  Thanks a lot for all those customers who posted there remarks so I too could have made a great choice.It is a little big on her hand for overall presentation, however, she loves it.  She will grow into it after all.

I think it's great this product!It works great! is very practical!I find it very functional have a clock radio and phone all in one!

Was different,flashy and the talk of all my friends,Not expensive like the over rated &#34;galaxy&#34; cellphone watches! A real good choose.

my husband is very happy with this gift  its fun and stylish .the package arrived on time with the instructions in the box that made it easy to activate

Not a quality product, would not recommend to buy.....look for better buy!! inserted a SIM card .... Phone calls very erratic .....

Received the watch however so disappointed it doesn't work.I don't. Know if I want to return it for another....may get another bad watch.put the sim card in.nothing.message screen continues to flash and can not navigate.what a waste

This is a christmas gift for my son (who is terrible with cellphone e.g. lost/washed/ran over). So, I can't speak on the longevity or ease of use very much. But, so far, it seems to do what it says. It was packed/packaged excellently. Give it a five so far.

This is an edit to an earlier review I made.  Another consumer (I think) pointed out that it uses a different network than Verizon and that I should have done my research.  Well, maybe I should have.  But I don't know, I'm a consumer, and even though I agree that consumers should indeed do their homework, the majority will read "Super Cool Quad Band Watch".  And since there is no disclaimer in the specifications, most  would probably buy it.  I mean I'm not an expert, but how many people really know what GSM or CMDA means?  If the Verizon guy couldn't figure it out......Anyway, I bought this product, took it to my cell phone carrier (Verizon) and they could not get it to work.  Because I am not willing or able to search all of the cell phone carriers to find out which one can get it to work, and because of the fact that it is way more bulkier than I thought, I returned it.You know what, in all fairness, I'll upgrade my rating because I can't speak on how it works.  But I got a white one and the watch band is a noticeable different shade of white compared to the watch.  If you are getting it for your kid like I did, just know that it is bulky and looks like someone grabbed a nokia and trimmed off the key pad and slapped it onto a wristband.  JUST MY OPINION.  Again, It might work for you but the look threw me off.

Worke fine with all local operators (I live in Guatemala, Central America). Digital services are fully operative. Do not try to navigate. The browser is useless. Bluetooth connectivity works great with earpiece. Camera is just for fun. I recommend it as a secondary phone.

I purchase it as a gift for my son so i guess i will have to wait for his opinion on it

this is an amazing celular, I can call and write msg, I can hear fm radio, take small pictures, record voice notes, i call record conversations, it has bluetooth, I don't know what more to say. it looks like 007 thing.

My friend whom I gave for a gift love it so much...He is going to recommend to all of his friend around

This is a good watch, however, we have only one sims card and if we wanted to keep the phone we would have to remove the sims card from the phone and use it in the watch.  Means two cell phone bills.

took too long to deliver, it is too big and very thick also it does not work as i expected it to do. bad product

but when you get it its in chinese and its real hard turning it american lol /its nice but the voice is very low and when i did figure the internet out i never used it cause all the pages turn chinese to  so i really dont reccommend it it .

works good but keep cutting out ,keep turning it back on , will return number are small  and a bit bulky

I BUY THIS WATCHS FOR MY NEPHEW, HE IS OUT COUNTRY BUT THE WORK PERFECT HE IS VERY HAPPY WITH THE WATCH

Place order thinking I would get this product on time and &#34;early&#34;, I sat and waited and still waiting even after applying the additional charges for &#34;next day delivery&#34;, it has taken less time by the USPS to deliver items through their &#34;Priority Mail&#34; next day than this over 8 hours of delivery &#34;in city&#34; when items arrive in Las Vegas, Nv., of past orders from Amazon.com. If I was in charge of a business that had to have &#34;grey areas, and deceptions&#34; to illusion my customers to make profits by &#34;default&#34; after the sales, I would be &#34;bankrupt&#34; or spend all my profits on the &#34;middlemen&#34; not placing it back in my company, to expand, and give my employees the real wages, that they all follow as &#34;directives&#34; to achieve, not deceive product.I'm sorry, about UPS, but what I experience is what I see as real &#34;fact&#34;, they even charge you an additional $3.25 fee or more to pick up with no &#34;discount&#34; on returns.Plus my main issue is the double billing of having to pay for a memory card, that may or may not be the right one or even be &#34;real&#34; that is included with these Phone Watches when shipped, I would much rather pay an added $1 up to the $20 price range depending on the GBs of these Memory to the Manufacturer, than going into the Jungle of &#34;phony or defective&#34; out date or wrong limited memory chips offered.This would achieve two things, the manufacturer would have a more complete &#34;bundle Watch Phone&#34; ready to go with just in my case at this time a &#34;free SIM card&#34;, offer by AT&T; to account customers, even giving me at present a &#34;$25 gas credit&#34; if I don't want to wait till it arrives by paid mail, should I chose to drive to the nearest &#34;Customer Service&#34; center to my home.These watches need more detail information for buyers, to be sure exactly what they are getting another &#34;grey area gadget&#34; that is throw away at arrive or shortly after, or a quality long lasting product that they can have convenience in that if a child has it for &#34;emergency calls&#34; they will work and guarantee that the parent receive the call or the appropriate agency to aide them speedily, as well as an older person who chose a Watch Phone instead of a gadget that hangs on the neck, when they &#34;fall and can't get up&#34; situation occurs.But that is just me, I feel with today's business, we as consumer are not fully protected by the &#34;nickel and dimes&#34; grey areas of incomplete product information, and need to stand up for our investments no matter how little or amount we pay for those products or services with stronger consumer protection, to avoid being taken to the bank of frustration, and just throwing more of these gadgets into more landfills at our cost of taxpayer citizens.Super Cool Quad Band Watch said:&#34;We are so sorry about any trouble caused to you, after we received the customer review as you left.Harvey, after we checked your message and review, we afraid you might misread our product info..Yes, this watch is compatible with your Sony Xpedia LT30at Android version 4.1.2 since it support the Android cell phone.However, you should note: This item can just Transmit data; it cannot be used for Synchronize phone-book and message, so not for calls reminding.Please note: -Bluetooth: 1.Bluetooth for Bluetooth headset 2. Bluetooth for Transmit data ( such as photo / music ) ( not for Synchronize phonebook and message, so not for calls reminding )In addition, this watch support all  Android phones instead of only Samsung Cellphone.Meanwhile, this watch support 2G GSM 850MHz/ 900MHz/ 1800MHz/ 1900MHz, so you can use your AT&T; sim card for the watch as a signal phone.&#34;For now will only give a three star rating because it is not &#34;in my hands&#34; and have not achieved a &#34;five star&#34; until I take it on my personal &#34;shake down cruise&#34; to determine a honest evaluation of price for quality balance review.

This is my first mobile watch.Pros: Mobile watch, no chance to lose as it tie in wrist;-), Stylish, Compatile with bluetooth(main advantage), Music,  Video, camera, work with memory cards, hands free, touch screen, Manual included. It says it has handwriting mode, but I have not yet tried.Cons: Slightly Bulky dial, small screen, Not that easy to operate. We can use fingure to operate, but not everytime, Camera is not that good,I think  VGA camera.I will recomend to my friends with pros and consUpdate (7 Jan 2013): The one and most important issue I got in my mobile is that when unlock keypad, it is displaying imergency number and frequently I dial them by mistake. I have to careful in that.Update (29 Jul 2013): After coming to India I found that my India SIM card is not detecting in INDIA by this watch. ( The same SIM was detected in USA as international roaming). No SIM is working in INDIA in this watch .....strange...one STAR DOWN (Reduced from 4 stars to 3 Stars)Update (latest): I contacted the seller for the watch not working in INDIA. They say we need to update with INDIA approved IMEI number which can be done at any mobile service ceter. I took this watch mobile to no nearest local mobile center and they rectified it few minutes. Service charge is just Rs100(~1.5$). I am HAPPY now as this work fine.

I brought one for my grandson and his parents are very happy with it, we are considering purchasing other watches.

problem connecting to computer. The screen was far to the left.do not know how this product passed quality control

It does work I am with Verizon and I place SIM card in so many different ways and the s***still didn't work. A waste returning it to get my money back.

i bought this phone for my girl for her birthday, she loved it now i have to buy 2 more for my kids , this watch is really super cool

first off data has to be input in manually meaning the APN settings second offthe mp3 player is not by play list style so you will be playing that one song and you cant navigate threw the other screens or app unless you stop playing music so no multitasking, everything else is good, i used Tmobile prepay and its fine the txt back and forth ehhhh idk its lacking voice to txt that will be much better then keying in every letter with your finger nail and or a pen, its a resistive screen NOT CAPTIVE and last but not lease battery last ALL DAY very nice and the menue style is more like old  old nokia color screen style only one menue window viewSpeaker and mic its ok but not all that its fairly loud but not like your avarage phone speaker thats for sure

Works better than I thought it would so thanks to the designer for a great mini watch. The wife just loves it

The item I ordered is not working properly can. I might have to exchanged/replaced this item. But overall its ok product.

It's a nice product. All the features described by the customer are correct, it Works perfectly. The only thing I didn't really take account is that icons and numbers to dial are very small and it's very difficult to touch. I have had to use a pen just as a palm.

A nice novelty that works. Not giving it 5 stars because the only drawback that I see is the bulkiness - the battery adds 3-4 mm to the thickness. If that could be overcome then I'd give it 5 stars. That said you should understand that it makes sense only to use this for phone calls, which was my need, though it can do everything a smart phone can do including pictures, email, browse, etc. There is a stylus included that squirrels away nicely into the strap but using that on such a small screen is not fun. The speaker for hands free is decent and pairs easily with a Bluetooth earpiece. So if you want a contract free cool watch phone that you use primarily as a phone this is it.

I love it the meen th I like about it was the $ it don't cost me a arm in a leg lt just ass good ass th $400 and up if not better

Cuz it didn't come with a sims card so I can't use it so its useless to me and not good

Excellent product and seller worthy A-Star, but the problem lies in the same machine moving and difficult transitions between menusAnd clarity of the screen and the camera is very bad because the screen broke, unfortunately, after installing the battery and this shows that the device must be dealt with Ktaaof with a bomb that is to say a very sensitive device at any impelling unbreakable such as eggThis is my point of view the device in either the seller is excellent and dealing with a very sophisticated I visor

I like the watch...I would recommend it to all my friends and family! Its best watch phone I ever seen!

Not that muchTuching so difficultAnd it's very bigShould be less priceAny how buttry so goodAnd speaker nice

First thing that broke was the power cord!Ordered another!Then the phone power cord plug in broke!DEMON WATCH!!!!  run
