
You can't upgrade the operating system, so most of the apps I want to get like from Facebook, my local grocery store, or for weather channel, I can't get them.  I also can't find any of the older apps for Facebook.

phone works for calling but other features such as camera and web doesnt work. so for emergency purposes it was ok.it was a I phone without any features.. but I will use when in car..

This is my daughters phone and she used that phone until she couldn't use it anymore. It is a very durable phone because my grandson chucked it all the time and it didn't crack or anything. Worth the money.

Have not been able to have this phone unlocked. AT&T can't do it, verizon can't do it. Seems this was a complete waste of money.

phone wont stay lit.and ringer button moves on it's own.can't tell if someone is calling.can't see screen to turn on speaker or to know if your call has ended THE PHONE DOSE NOT WORK!!!!!!!!!!

The product need some other thing that need to get the phone open it was not provide in the mail after that the product was great

The phone is as described.it works great.it came with a new charger.fast shipping.we are very pleased with our purchase.thank you

I got iphone it was locked.So I have to unlock it & I have to pay another $40.00.Still phone is in good condition.

I considered this phone because it had the features and price I was comfortable with. In fact I'm recommending this to friends at the moment. the only thing I don't like its locked I thought it was opened . Now I have to unlock it which I cant give a complete review until I do .It looks ok to me. Thanks!

I bought a new I phone 3G, but it didn't work . I sent it ,but  I haven;'t  got it back.

I REALLY LIKED THE IPHONE IT WAS A PLACE WHERE I COULD LISTEN TO ALL MY MUSIC. BUT TO DOWNLOAD APPS WAS HARD BECAUSE OF THE IOS

I'm really enjoying it. It functions as advertised. I would recommend it for anyone that needs a simple basic phone that can be used as a camera and to surf the web and get all their correspondence online.

i bought this phone thought it was unlocked but it wasn't . besides alot of app cant be downloaded to it. anyway it came on time . seller said good condition. it was ok condition.

This was bought for my son. He absolutely loves it. Says it is the best phone he ever had. That it was a very good value for the price paid.

Had to activate the phone but the SIM card tray is missing. This was not mention on the description. Brought it to the store to get another SIM tray and couldn't not insert the tray. Had to pay the store to fix it. Waste of money!! Scam!

If I could give this zero stars I would !!!!! This seller is a scam this phone doesn't work at all not even a flash of light I tried contacting the seller multiple of times and there is no response it doesn't work and it's lifeless will never order from this seller ever again

This phone was in a great condition. I loved the phone, however I gave this a four star rating because you cannot use this phone for apps. Apple has disabled any upgrades for the IO's for the iPhone 1 through 3, therefore you cannot get applications. So the phone is only good for texting, calling and searching the web. If you do not use any apps, it's a great deal; but if you need your apps don't even bother.

Read the reviews and agree that this phone is a scam. DO NOT BUY 100% a scam! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT BUY!

I love this phone because is small and is not that heavy.  I used it for prepaid with att service.

When you try downloading apps you can't , and you can't EVER update it , you can ONLY call from the phone ITS HORRIBLE !!!

Though the touch pads are a bit too sensitive and the phone do sometimes 'misbehave' by self-dialing unintended contacts,phone is generally outstanding and meets my expectations.I can't ask for better!

MEET MY EXPECTATIONS  IN 100%. ARRIVE ON TIME. PERFECT CONDITIONS TOTALLY RECOMMENDED. iPhone 3G,  USB Wall Adapter Charger with USB to Dock Connector cable

No sim card came with this cellphone. I can't take pics, make videos, store telephone numbers, etc. Haven't really used it yet.

IT WAS A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY NOTHING WORKED ON IT MADE A GOOD PAPER WIGHT NOTHING WORKED ON IT SPEAKER SOUNDS LIKE A DYING DUCK

got i 3g i phone from you ..was told by amazon it was unlocked ..contacted amazon and told me to contact apple so i did and was told not there problem ...contacted amazon again ...told its the sellers fault .and was send this.... I looked into your order and see that it was placed with "Warehouse Deals", a seller on our website. Because Warehouse Deals's inventory is constantly changing, we can't replace or send items sold by them that are Fulfilled by Amazon. I understand this is disappointing and we are really sorry about it. DISGUSTED as it is a present for Christmas ...and now paying out of my pocket 67 euros....and no offer of paying for the unlock of the i phone ...

It was glued and broke, the man said it was a piece of junk. The person who sold it knew that. I will never buy another phone on Amazon again.

My package arrived earlier than indicated. I was able to activate the phone w/o any problems. I am very pleased.

I chose this rating because it does not work right. It does charge and It wont down load apps, there is not an option to update software in the general settings. It appeared to be in perfect condition, but it is not.

Got this phone for a close relation and she has never complained of its working conditions. Phone is perfect and will recommend this to anyone

When I received a used iphone, it was defective and did not match the description. I contacted Monsterbuyback to let them know and they were supremely cooperative. They apologized and were very speedy with their return of my money. Great company! Reputable and trustworthy! Thanks Monsterbuyback!

The phone works regularly but are of poor quality headphones and the charger does not work any accessory works even if phone is so cute

This phone shipped faster than I thought it would and I was very glad! (:It arrived in very good condition, just as it was described and I have had no problems with this product(:I would definitely buy from this seller again!GodBlessxoxo

I am very disappointed in Amazon"s trade-in process.  I submitted a used iPhone for a credit.  I wiped it's data and sent it in the prepaid mailer, as instructed.  The battery was fully charged and it was working fine.The company that processed it claimed they could not reset it, they rejected it and sent it back to me.  When I opened the box, the battery was almost dead. I recharged it and it works just fine...like new.  I restored the data on it with no problem.They said I could resubmit it.  Funny how they would allow me to resubmit it when they declared it DOA.  Between the time I sent it and the time I got it back, the trade-in value went down.  I see no other explanation for the company not accepting it than the price went down.  They simply didn't want to pay the higher price.I believe Amazon has engaged an unscrupulous contractor to handle its trade-ins.I'm very disappointed that Amazon doesn't have better control over its business partners.  This is the first bad experience I have ever had with Amazon.

The product was in fantastic conditions, problem is that Iphone 3G is a lite bit &#34;old&#34; to support some Apps like Whatsapp. Not taking into account this, it is an excellent product, works perfectly.There was a miss delivery but was rapidly ammended and product was finally delivered to me.

Hi, I like your product but I don't know what SIM card to put in and it wont get unlocked. Please help. thanks

Unless you know how to jail break this phone... what's the point? Most apps don't support this old phone. &#60;(it's not really old, they just want you to spend money on the newer version. wtf? but whatever)&#62;

It turned out to be a perfect gift for a loved one  works well as expected but I had to unlock it.

Not happy with it. It was advertised as unlocked but it was not. Very disappointed. I will not buy it if I had known it was locked.

it was great.. love it.. very satisfied costumer definitely will by again form u.. it came on time and great condition

Fasting Shipping but IPhone is not in great condition like it said( missing volume button and crack near SIM card).

Item came on time and it great condition. I am very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this product at anytime to anyone who is interested. Don't be scared &#34; BUY &#34;. Honest supplierHowever just know that you would not be able to download apps but this is not a fault of the supplier this is just a messed up thing with APPLE. This phone was purchased used and it came like new and works great. Sim Card slot and internet work really fast.

yes it was in good condition and meet all expectations.

I love it!!!!!! keep up the good work!!!  Quotes>>It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.

this item came better than i thought it would the only scratches are at the back n its hardly visible the front is very clean, delivery came on time, n its just perfect and for a good price...btw had to unlock it at a dealer bt no big problem.

I should have done my homework. Apple no longer supports the 3G so there are very few apps. I cant even get facebook. The phone is a good phone but since Apple wants to force people to upgrade, they have made it more antiquated than it should be.What a disappointment!!!

This phone is great. The seller sent it dirty and I spent a good hour cleaning out nasty makeup and grime from it with qtips but other than that it's a great phone and every thing else was in great condition.

iPhone4 8-mth old well cared for, flash light won't turn off.  Store tech claimed phone had water damage and voided warranty (phone 8 months old still under warranty!).  Said no warranty so $150 for replacement.  Mad and asked for proof of "water damage" - tech said found moisture inside phone but couldn't open phone to show me because of safety issue, then tried to show me little pink in the charger area as proof of water damage.  Made tech put diagnosis in writing.  Couldn't see the "pink" afterward at home with a 5x lighted magnifier.  Took it to WiGo Clinic,  tech opened the phone and found NO evidence of water ever inside phone and clearly not a case of water damage, said problem could be software or camera.Called Apple phone support, reported the scam, got mail-in repair service set up, dropped off phone at UPS (packaging provided), Apple received phone next day, processed repair service the same day, and mailed a replacement phone at no charge by Fedex next day delivery.

It doesn't said that this phone is locked. It would be good if amazon described it to let the customer the understand the product well

Working old iPhone,with charger & ear buds. Works fine but is not unlocked (factory) like add said. Can't complain too much, it works

what I ordered was a black 8GB Iphone. What I received was a white 16GB iphone.  Which is fine but the phone they sent me was severely cracked on the back and chipped out on the top. lots of scratches . very abused phone. it dose work but wow there is a lot of damage......

&#34;New&#34; cell was not. It had multiple registration numbers, broken and bent  posts to charge.  WE did get the money we spent refunded but the whole thing  was a hassle.  Too many problems!

The phone was in good condition the only problem I had was that I could not open the slide were you put the sim card and it was very hard to open and closed, also the phone did not work with my AT & T sim card, however I did not had to much of a problem getting my money back, Amazon help me with my credit being put back to my account....thanks Amazon for your help.

I really liked the battery life on the phone and the volume was really loud. Absolutely loved those two things on the phone.

Came in pieces. Screen was popped out completely. Total disaster. Do not buy This seller should not be allowed to sell phones.

only i want to know this iphone is gsm? because i need here a gsm cell phoneplease answere my questionbye

Hello, you iphones available now? and I wonder if this phone is GSM? thanks ... and I would like to know more about this product.

this is the best iphone old, good item, i like its interface, very good equipment, the seller good product. 5 star for this iphone 3G.

Slow or no internet, no apps to download.  Barely usable

Very pleased. The used iphone came in great condition, and actually better than I expected it would be! Great phone for the value.

Thanks for mentioning the fact that it only holds IOS 4. I can't download Facebook, twitter, or even ringtones. Buying this phone was pointless all together

***UPDATE...I forgot to mention that the phone was listed here on Amazon, as a 16gb, and it turned out when the tech at Apple ran the test on the phone, it was determined that not only was the phone junk...it was an 8gb. phone, not a 16gb. as the Seller and Amazon had listed!!! again...Beware!!!*****BEWARE AND BE ADVISED THAT THIS SELLER IS VERY DISHONEST AND A CROOK!!!!*****I BOUGHT THE 3G PHONE FROM YOU BY YOUR AMAZON LISTING STATING THAT THE PHONE IS LIKE NEW CONDITION WITH NO SCRATCHES OR ANY ISSUES OR PROBLEMS WITH THE PHONE WHAT SO EVER!  PROBLEMS::::THE CASE HAS MANY SCRATCHES ON THE BACK OF IT,BUT IF THAT WAS THE ONLY ISSUE I WOULD NOT BE CONTACTING YOU.  ***THE PHONE IS JUNK!! THE PHONE HAS BEEN JAIL BROKE AND WAS USED WITH ANOTHER CARRIER,(SUCH AS TEAM MOBILE). I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY TEENAGE DAUGHTERS 15th BIRTHDAY. WE DID NOT TRY TO HAVE THE PHONE ACTIVATED AS SOON AS WE RECEIVED IT, BECAUSE HER BIRTHDAY WAS A WEEK LATER. AFTER SHE OPENED THE WRAPPED UP PHONE ON HER BIRTHDAY, WITH ALL HER FRIENDS (Her Gift from us-Mom and Dad),THE NEXT DAY WE TOOK HER AND HER PHONE TO OUR LOCAL CORPORATE AT&T; STORE TO HAVE THE PHONE ACTIVATED, THEY ATTEMPTED (for over 2.5 long Hours!!) TO ACTIVATE THIS PHONE. IT WOULD NOT ACCEPT THE AT&T; INFO AND PROGRAM TO ACTIVATE IT AND WORK. THEY THEN SENT ME TO THE APPLE STORE AT THE SHOPPING MALL (which was over an hour away!) I had to wait 2.5 hours while a technician looked at the phone and ran test to see whether or not the phone could be activated...***THE FINAL DECISION WAS THAT THE PHONE HAD BEEN TAMPERED WITH INTERNALLY AND HAD BEEN JAIL BROKEN TO ACCEPT ANOTHER CARRIER AND WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO BE RESTORED OR REASSIGNED TO AT&T;!!!!  I FEEL THAT YOU KNEW THAT THERE WAS AN INTERNAL ISSUE AND YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME AND TOOK MY MONEY KNOWING GOOD AND WELL THAT THE PHONE COULD NEVER BE RESTORED ACTIVATED BY ANOTHER CARRIER!!!! *** ***UPDATE...I forgot to mention that the phone was listed here on Amazon, as a 16gb, and it turned out when the tech at Apple ran the test on the phone, it was determined that not only was the phone junk...it was an 8gb. phone, not a 16gb. as the Seller and Amazon had listed!!! again...Beware!!!I AM REALLY PISSED AND THE FACT THAT YOU MADE US LOOK LIKE AN ASS TO OUR DAUGHTER, AS SHE CRIED AND WAS VERY UPSET ABOUT THE PHONE NOT WORKING AND NOW SHE STILL DOES NOT HAVE A PHONE!!! AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF, WE BOUGHT A $60.00 DOLLAR OTTER BOX TO PUT THE PHONE IN TO PROTECT IT!! SO NOW I AM OUT $172.99 PLUS ALL MY WASTED TIME AND GAS!!! BECAUSE OF THIS EXPERIENCE....I WOULD ADVISE ANY AND ALL PROSPECTIVE BUYS TO STEER CLEAR FROM THIS SELLER AND ALL AMAZONS USED PHONES AS THEY ARE LIKE CROOKS,SCAM ARTIST AND A LAIRS!!!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!

Purchased to Use for global Mobile calling Via VIBER App but cannot Download as not Quite to Par. Hence not Happy.

Apple has a very profitable business model. They create quickly evolving planned-obsolescence-based products on a locked proprietary technology. Case in point, iphone 3GS released in 2008, now many years old and still being shipped as a "new" product at amazon five years later. If all you want to do is make phone calls, ok. But most people pay the hundreds of extra dollars for the icing on the cake, all those fancy apps available only at the Apple store and installable only with the free itunes program.Well, I just happen to have one of them and it is next to useless compared to a current model device because three-quarters of the apps for it give an error message saying that the app is incompatible with my IOS. How did this happen? When new models come out they have a new IOS and developers write code for the new IOS, not the old one when they fix bugs and plan a new release. Well, so what, I already have the app I want and it works fine, right?Way too often the answer is Wrong, How does this happen? Your computer has to be "authorized" and if anything happens to the authorized computer in the meantime, like you get a new one or whatever, you can't make changes to the iphone anymore unless you authorize the new one thereby wiping the iphone clean of its working apps. So you bite the bullet and download a fresh copy of your growing list of favorite apps. Getting the idea--most of them are not the same any more, they are newer, "improved" versions that don't work on your IOS anymore. That wouldn't be so bad if Apple was willing to supply archive copies of the versions you need, but they don't. Even if your IOS is "up-to-date" because the definition of up-to-date depends on your model and you have a five-year-old legacy model now even if you bought it yesterday.How do I know, I just went through this scenario and of the apps I downloaded and expected to work, over fifty of them were not backwards compatible.I am not talking about games or "fun" apps, I am talking hard core business essential apps, anything from Google, Adobe, Microsoft, IBM, etc that I tried failed, not even access to PayPal. Can you live without Skype, Line2, PayPal, iBooks, Kindle, Nook, Adobe Reader, Audiobooks, Evernote, SameTime, RedLaser, the White Pages, ebay, amazon, wikipanion, Merriam Websters, OneNote, Yelp, Urbanspoon, VPN, LogMeIn, Google Chrome, Earth, Maps, Search, and GoogleVoice; DropBox, Palringo, fring, imDB, OpusDomini, Apzilla or MyEyesOnly, in short, almost any blue-chip five-star app worth having. Don't buy a "new" iphone 3GS if you need any of these, because none of them will work with the most current IOS for that model.Apple's business model may be good for Apple, but is planned obsolescence best for you?Unless you are in the unique position of being an Apple developer with insider knowledge and special tools, you will inevitably notice an obsolescence creep with handheld Touch gizmos from Apple unless they undergo a drastic change of policy. What you buy today will become crippled tomorrow at a rate you will probably not appreciate.

I ordered this product sometime in may and when I finally got it I found that the wires ere fried. I don't like how they treat their customers and I thought they would try to fix the product before  they ship it out to the customer.

When I tried to use this phone and activate it, it didn't let me. The phone screen says it is activating and never finishes...

I am sooooooo happy about this iphone, it was brand spanking new. Still in the box and my mom is gonna love it, I love you guys, thanks

bigger then expected but dont expect it to do a lot then u expected and they may gliche up so be careful

Hey for a cheap price it was good I bought it and thought it was going to be broken, but really good condition but don listen to anyone else the phone is amazing and I only spent around $45 for the phone, charger, and a SIM card but from different sellers too

I wish I had known that apple no longer supported this device. I can get no apps and the software is slow and antiquated. I feel like a fool for spending this money on this device which is basically useless.

Love the phone, still in good condition, screen is perfect. The only thing is I have to bring to have it unlock so I can use with my sim card. It would be an extra fee to have unlock. Still would buy it again.

was very disappointed by not being able to get apps which are compatible with 3g , it is useless now.

This is the second phone that I have ordered.  The first one only said AT&T; not unlocked, so I returned it at my expense and made sure to order an unlocked phone, well guess what this phone is locked and I am not happy.  The box said unlocked, the slipping lable said unlocked, my order said unlocked, but it is still locked.  I want an unlocked phone and I am tired of having to send this back at my expense to get what I paid for.Please help!

i dont like it it never worked and it was very hard to get in touch with anyone so i will  just buy right from amazom no one else

I've dropped this phone so many times and it still works. It is not fast but if you want to give it to someone who is young, it would be a prefect phone for them since it can handle so much abuse.

I chose this rate because item arrived as described, as said used Like new.I would like to recommend it to all my friends.

The phone that Amazon sent me was all scratched up, and it honestly looked as if the dropped it a few time then rubbed steel wool on the back of it. Thumbs down. This is one customer that wont be buying from Amazon anymore.

I didn't like the iphone at first because it arrived locked. After much investigating how to unlock the phone, I am relieved to say that everything worked out just fine. The iPhone is unlocked & my son is enjoying it.

The reason I rated only two stars, because once I received the phone and get service on it found out that I can't update the phone iOs 5 that I need to download some apps for the phone.  I wish I could get my money back.

I got this phone for a friend and it was absolutely terrible. There were scratches all over it. Took it to many different companies and none of them knew how to fix it. Couldnt set up to call anyone or basically do anything with it. I am hoping that he will give me a refund for it. The seller had better.

I have had an iphone 3G previously and I loved it. This iphone was working fine for 2-3 weeks and now it won't turn on. I was told I need to replace the battery which is $80 . At this point I should have sprung for a new iphone!

Bought this for my boyfriend for his sons birthday. It didn't only have scratches but also some chips. Also the screen on it went blank and I had to reset the phone to get it to work properly again.  I am still having problems getting it to go to the app store, am going to take it to AT&T hopefully they can help me. Was not the quality I was expecting from Amazon. I went with Amazon instead of an independent seller due to reputation, and still ended up disappointed.

it works fine so far i have not had problem will let you know if a problem persists in the future

Great for use as an iPod! Overall I am really satisfied with this product. These words are place holders because it's telling me to add more.

good producto,,, buen buen excellente precio,, rapido envio,,, excellente servicio, empaque adecuado no muy grande y si peque&ntilde;o,buena comunicacion e informacion del articulo

Im awful te guis whoo se&ntilde;or the phone lie too you and never try too contac me and where is my money

Phone in great shape, the packaging was great the devilery was very fast and I did not have any problems with the order.

i like this new phone i got it is so cool and i am on it all day and every day thank you

The phone does not work and was a huge waste of money! Shame on you for selling a phone that unusable and for ripping me off.

it looked new... it worked well and I have no complats... I am vey have por the product and price that aI payed...

Just okay!  Should have done my research before buying!  The IOS is upgradeable and my grandson couldn't day any of the things he was use to doing on his Android!

I had to have it unlocked which cost money! I had to have the speaker fixed bc I couldn't hear anyone on it! Over all I should have not bought this phone...

Hi!! I want to know if this is an unlocked cellphone, I'm from SudAmerica,  and I would like to know if I will be able to use it here.I will really appreciate your answer!

Geat product.

I bought this phone to replace my wife's phone and you can't stream videos, can't play most games and can't get most apps! She can't even take videos or send emails due to the lower IOS! P.O.S.!!! Waist of money
