
When the LG Ally first came out, it was a great alternative to other ridiculously expensive phones. However, there are many drawbacks to settling for the cheaper version. Also, like with all electronics, it became outdated fast.Pros: Price (Less $), Smartphone, Decent camera, QWERTY flip out keyboard (HUGE PLUS!!!!!!), touch screen, customizability, Moderate-fast start-up speed, Android OS allows for thousands of appsCons: VERY little internal storage space, often sporadically "rejects" or unmounts external micro SD card, poor battery life, pre-loaded apps take up precious internal space, slow compared to products now on the market, freezes up sometimes (have to either restart or take battery out for 30 seconds)Bottom line: This phone would be excellent for someone who wants to transition into touch screen, but still wants the QWERTY flip out keyboard. Also, this phone would be great for someone who is transitioning into Android smartphones. However, if those who want the latest and greatest product, this phone will annoy the heck out of you! It's been a great companion to me over the past 2 years, but I can't WAIT to get my upgrade!!!!

This was my first smart phone. I have had no problems with the functionality of the phone. I don't know if it's the Verizon service or the phone itself, but I have never dropped a call and I very rarely lose a signal. The touchscreen is not as responsive as I would like, but for a phone under $200, it's enough. If I really wanted something top of the line, I would have spent more on a phone.Now, for the biggest single complaint I have about this phone. There is very little internal storage. Every couple weeks I get a message that my memory is full. I delete all my text messages, which usually isn't many, call log, and application caches. This rarely gets it done. Generally I find myself having to remove apps completely in order to get the "memory full" icon to go away. I cannot keep the most updated Google Maps on my phone. That alone will about fill up the memory.I do have an 8GB SD card that I keep apps stored on, but very few apps I have downloaded actually go on the card. The phone (again, I don't know if this is an LG thing or a Verizon thing) comes preloaded with apps and programs that cannot be stored on the SD card and cannot be deleted. For example, MySpace. Yes, there is a MySpace app on my phone that I cannot delete. Aside from that I have City ID, Latitude, LG Social, Skype (does my phone run off of Skype?), and Visual Voicemail. All apps that came with my phone that I do not use and cannot delete.The battery life leaves some to be desired as well. If I accidentally leave my wireless turned on, my battery is drained by the end of the day. If I leave my GPS, bluetooth, and wireless on, there are times that my battery is low before lunch (along with extensive internet use, as well).Aside from the downloaded apps and battery life, I have had no other complaints with my Ally. If you are looking for a cheap phone to enter into the smart phone life, you could do a lot worse than this phone.

I wish I hadn't purchased this phone under contract because I'm stuck with it for another few months.  This phone would be perfect for someone like my m-i-l who doesn't use 3/4 of what is on her android phone pre-installed and never uses the market or app store at all. (why she even got a smart phone is beyond me).  There is very little internal memory, so you can only have a few apps on the phone at one time.  Even moving apps to the sd card doesn't solve the low memory warning... they still use resources on the phone and take up room.  Constantly getting low memory warning when texting or if I happen to allow an app to update. VERY irritating.  As far as using it as a phone?  My home is in a great area for signal, but you can't tell it with this phone. Where I had 4 bars on my last phone at home, I have 1 bar, sometimes 2 with this one.

This was my first smart phone and it worked great for what I needed it for: email...text..apps like facebook and twitter...not sure how it compares to some of the others but it works well for the basics.

I purchased the LG Alley from a Verizon store last July-- it hasent even been a year yet and the phone has been randomly shutting off! It also has issues with the SD card (which i have never touched or taken out of the phone) it says that it has been removed..? For quite awhile the phone has been saying that there is no battery attached (which there clearly is) or unknown battery..and then the phone powers off- i have lost the back of the phone due to all the times i have had to remove the battery and insert it back in....the list goes on. It doesnt have alot of memory space so I cant add alot of apps- its SLOW as all hell. This is my first time having a smart phone- eventhough the navagation and easy access to facebook and the weather is helpful. It would be an awesome phone if it wasnt a peice of crap.  Overall DONT GET IT IF U DONT HAVE ALOT OF PATIENCE!!

Prior to August 2010, the LG VS740 Ally was a great ahead-of-its-time smartphone in many ways.  This was both good & bad.  Because of many features unheard of in many smartphones up to its release date, it quickly became popular and so LG rushed to meet the demand...and failed miserably in the process.  The quality of the rushed LG Allys diminished internally.  Many complaints of DOAs and freezing software and FCs followed and the reputation of the phone plummeted.  This was sad.I've had my Ally since the first week of May 2010 (shortly after it was available in April of 2010) and my only complaint is the tiny size of internal memory on the phone.  It has since been updated to Android 2.2.2* (modified version of FroYo that does not allow Adobe Flash due to the ARM cpu) however, this can be worked around using the Skyfire browser found in the Android Market - and the Android version now allows Apps2SD.So if you purchase or receive a new/refurbed LG Ally that was produced after August of 2010, you may just get a dud.  For more info you can wiki the phone or visit lgallyforums (.) com******UPDATE w more info Feb 23 2012****Hands down, this phone has the very best QWERTY layout of any phone before and currently in the market with a smooth & responsive feel to the buttons after nearly 2yrs of EXTENSIVE txting.  It breaks up receiving walls of texts so that you can see the correct order & what is incoming (i.e 1/6) and long pressing a text opens a window of options where you can lock it, call the #, copy the msg, view msg details, or delete an individual msg.Verizon is to blame for the eventual sluggishness as their crapware that is not removable takes up much needed memory space.  I have had to delete almost all the fun apps I was able to download when I first got the phone simply because the shrinking space will cause the phone to freeze (many complaints on this).  Once I did, however, the phone functions perfectly still.  I have to constantly clear my txt messages as well to keep the memory full warning from annoying me.I am too chicken to root this phone since it works perfectly so long as I manage the space.As of this writing, I only have 4 apps I downloaded that I deemed useful and worthy enough to keep as I had to decide what had to come off to keep the phone from freezing up due to lack of space.  The phone comes with many free and useful apps built-in such as ThinkFree Office, Youtube, Skype Mobile, News & Weather (which is very accurate), Gmail, and a handy and useful Navigator for driving.However, it would be nice if I could also have kept Angry Birds Rio that I downloaded. I had to delete it due to memory issues, but when I had it, the paid version played flawlessly.I kept the following apps: Battle.net Mobile Auth for my WoW accnt, Skyfire & Dolphin HD browsers, and Easy Reminder - atm I only have 8 MP3s & the Skyfire browser loaded on the SD card - transferring data to and from the phone is incredibly easy with dragging and dropping like any windows folder.  I keep an 8GB SD card in it which is a very nice feature as I have saved full movies in .avi format and 3 gigs of songs at one point.  The phone plays movies seamlessly with ZERO stutters and ZERO ghosting! It really was ahead of its time.I will be eligible for an upgrade phone soon and I am dreading it.  Why? Because I want the same phone essentially but with some upgraded specs: exact same QWERTY slider but with duocore or faster cpu, the same BRIGHT CRISP SAMOLED Plus HD - at least a 4.3 scrn w Gorilla Glass, at least an 8megapixel cam, 16GB internal with 32GB SD Card (like the HTC Rezound) drool (I know I am such a geek lol), Gingerbread or ICS Android, and the same excellent call quality and outstanding loud speakerphone.LG TAKE NOTE! The above specs would produce a sure-fire WINNER! I will keep dreaming...

I love this phone and for the price, it will last you a long time. The only downfall is the limited internal memory. If you like downloading a lot of app, then this phone is not for you.

it works. its not locked. looks good. got wifi. kids can play games on it. that is all i wanted for christmas! Thank you

I had no reason to buy. But this was my first smart phone and I love it. it came in a hurry and it work to a T.

My sister and I both own the LG Ally. While I love the QWERTY keyboard, everything else on the phone seems to be a disaster. The siding on the edge of the phone falls off and the screen freezes up after a few months of usage. Don't expect to buy a lot of apps without an SD card either, there is barely any internal space on the phone! I cannot even access the marketplace anymore because of all the Google Marketplace bugs. Cannot wait to make the iPhone switch!

Well, it was nice while it lasted. Exactly one year to the day that I purchased this phone the network (read data plan) capability died. I took it to the Verizon store to have a tech look at it and they said "Yep, the network capability is broken." They tried to perform a hard recover on it, but it didn't help. It tries to connect through Google (Android is Google) and all I get is a screen to enter the secret code. Enter the code and get a new screen to enter the secret code. So here I am stuck with a year left in paying for the data plan I can't use.

The touch screen does not always work.  It is difficult to turn off or use the touch screen, is intermittent

I was not hpy to see the charger port is all messed up so changing phone is hard to do that should have been listed its kinda important part of the phone

The phone works.  The phone has glitches, like the home key doesn't always work and is unresponsive.  There are times when you're trying to make a call and the phone doesn't respond.

Well at first I was skeptical about this phone after reading reviews, but my screen on my HTC Thunderbolt had shattered and it cost more to repair as it would to buy a new phone. So i bought this LG Ally! It arrived EARLY! and it was BRAND NEW in the box, all stickers on it and everything. I seriously had it activated in less than 5 minutes, didn't even have to talk to a Verizon rep. Did all through automated system! The phone works great! The only thing I am not used to is it only being 3G. I am used to my Thunderbolt which is 4G so its a bit of a downgrade for me but aside from that its a great phone. As for all the people complaining about memory...if you put a SD card in it and store all your apps to that, you'll have no problem! SO my advice? If your looking for a great BASIC smartphone, this is it!!

I was expecting a new phone but I could tell this was a used phone.  The part where the battery sits, you can tell there was a sticker there and it was removed.  The phone seems to work but this is my first day using it.

I have NEVER had a phone like this one. It shuts off constantly, will not hold a charge and freezes up.

Phone arrived brand new in packaging with charger & battery (which I didn't expect). Had this phone previously and wasn't ready to part with it or upgrade to a new phone with my plan (unexpected accident with water damage). Shipped fast. Very happy.

I ordered this phone so I would be able to accept charge cards on-site with my art business. When the first one I received did not turn on, I called the company and they promptly sent me one that did. It came with a battery, a wall charger and a car charger. It is in good condition. The Android Version is not what I initially requested and the company tried to upgrade it but couldn't. O still appreciate the effort and the communication between Celllular Direct and me. As far as I am concerned, &#34;all's well that ends well&#34;: My phone's version 2.2.2 is compatible with Square Up card reader and I have successfully charged customers cards on it. I paid $37.00 and got a lot for my money (I additionally had to buy an SD card).

I added this phone to my wish list as I was shopping brand smart phones.  I am particular, I want a smartphone with at the least a sellers warrenty and a new phone not a refurbished.

This phone was listed under "unlocked", but it IS NOT unlocked. You must have Verizon contract to activate this phone. NOT a happy camper!

Now, I didn't get this phone from a buyer online, I got it from a Verizon store, brand new, so if that tells you anything.-The first day I had this phone, I had issues. When I received a text message, I would use the touchscreen to click on the thread, instead of taking me to the correct thread, I would be directed to a completely different text thread that I could have no where near chosen.-The service is shotty, at best. I've sat next to someone with a different Verizon phone where they had full service and I had none.-The battery life, which is supposed to be decent, would die rather quickly to where I now have to have it plugged in whenever possible.-I have a 4gb micro SD card in this phone, where I keep most of the apps, which are two, my contacts, and all my pictures. Still it will tell me that my phone storage is full, but when I would go look at the phone storage capacity it would not even be half full.-The phone would flip out while I am using the qwerty keyboard to text, either the backspace button would stop working, or one of the single letters would multiply so my text would be full of 'ttttttttttttttt'. The only way it would stop is if I used the virtual keyboard on the touch screen or restart the entire phone.-Now the most recent issued I've had with this phone, is that now the screen is going through a discoloration phase for some reason. I can't even make out pictures when they are sent to me, now I'm out buying furniture for my new apartment, so I'm trying to send pictures of different pieces to my boyfriend, all the while I can't tell if the picture I'm sending is decent or not.-It continually says that my SD card has been unexpectedly removed, where it's completely secured in the slot.-When talking on the phone, it overheats and will drop the call and restart itself.Honestly, spend the extra money, get yourself a phone that works.

This phone is terrible. I got it because it had positive reviews from CNET and was the cheapest Smart Phone available at the verizon store I went to. I was particularly fond of the slide out keyboard (which I still think is great). It was the cheapest for a reason. Its just plain terrible. Here are the problems:1. Storage Space: This phone has terrible storage space. Yes, it comes with a micro SD card with 4 gigabytes, but what they do not tell you is most apps cannot be installed on the SD card, and even ones that can still require internal memory space. The phone has around 250 megabytes of space, most of which are taken up by the operating system and the pre installed apps you cannot remove (like myspace).  Anyone who wants a decent amount of apps should avoid this phone if at all possible. I am a news junkie and I have one news app on my phone because I do not have room for more.  Even Worse, if you are low on storage space, say goodbye to any incoming text messages. The phone will tell you the text message was rejected and even after clearing up the space you still won't get the text message.2. slow speed: the operating speed on this phone is very slow. most games do not work. the ones that do lag. further every once in a while the phone freezes. Best part, you cant turn it off because you need the touch screen to turn it off, so you need to remove the battery in order to restart the phone.3.  SD card: Other than the fact that many apps cannot be stored on the SD card, the phone often looses recognition of the SD card installed in it. Often times my apps installed on the SD card will not open because the phone does not recognize the SD card. Often the SD card is not registered as being in the phone.So basically, stay away from this phone. It is a piece of junk. You will be stuck with your phone for two years, so don't get cheap like I did, pay more for a decent phone. This one will drive you crazy and you will count the many months until you get your upgrade again and even contemplate buying another phone at full value just because you cannot stand this one!

This is a terrible phone. it doesn't work half the time. even in a full service area, incoming calls don't come through to me. i have to reset it a lot to send texts or connect to the internet. I don't get a lot of my texts. this is the second ally i've had, it constantly says i have no space yet, I go through and wipe everything and it will go away for a while then come back. Also, it hates every SD card i've put in it. I can not use it and the battery will die in 3 hours. When it works, it is a pretty cool phone. But the thing is it hardly ever works. also, the touch screen goes unresponsive for hours and then goes nuts.

This is a great phone but the contract is over 75 dollars so I don't reccomend this phone if you get a plan,I didn't get a plan cause I'm only 11 and I can't afford that.Pros:Great camera that actualy has optical focus (unlike the iPhone 4.)there are photo settings like contrast,...etc, video ain't as good has flashPerfect sleek design with the great sliding keyboard,Good touchscreen (only up to 2 fingers)Perfect location determination (up to 10 feet off) tracks by gps satellites and cellular connection and wifiCons:Slow scrollingNot much space on phone but you can insert extra space with a memory card

We Love it so much we ordered another one! Works perfect, Not a scratch on it! Got in a timely manner to! Thank you!

I like the ALLY it works well and is better than advertised and is a great phone to have, so go get one!

the product is extremely slow & it does not automatically install things onto my SD card. Other than that, the phone came in good condition... but was VERY smudgy and dirty. I wish it would have said in the description that the phone is very slow... lol but i'm happy with it. Other than that... And very good price for it. :) The package came decently quick which I loved and appreciated because I needed the phone right away.

Awful  Phone didn't work you couldn't hear out if the ear peace when I got it then it completely just stopped working  I I wasted my money!!

so i was exited when i got this freakin phone. but as i tried to activate it once i got it and the verizon representative tells me i cant use the phone cuz it has been reported lost or stolen.. that made me so angry after getting my phone stolen and having to buy a replacement and waiting for the phone to arrive i wanted to find the person who was responsible and hit them in the face i bought a droid a8555 (different phone) and one day it died  and would never turn back on. idk why... but this sucks! do not waste uur money or time on this stupid thing.

After about 6 months, my phone began freezing up, especially when the battery was low. I couldn't turn it off, couldn't reset it, until-- for whatever reason-- it decided to unfreeze itself (usually after several hours). Finally it just froze up permanently. I took it to the Verizon store, they declared it screwed, and I did get a refurbished phone with no hassles.But guess what? A month later, this one's freezing up, too, and I haven't downloaded a single app.It's a fine phone when it works. I've had trouble getting the connection to run at a decent speed, but the phone's features are good. The touch-screen could be more accurate (I often try clicking a link, only to have it go to the link before or after the one I wanted). But really, if the system is this unstable, it doesn't do anyone any good. I need my phone to work reliably.

I hope this review helps some of you to not make the same mistake I did in December of 2010.Before I start, I see the price is $135. Really? Its not worth that at all.Anyway, the phone itself it probably the worst phone I've ever owned. Not only does it not work correctly, it has fallen apart. It will randomly turn itself off, randomly dismount the SD Card (that holds valuable information), the keyboard will randomly stop working which forces a removal of the battery to get it to work. The phone is very slow and unresponsive and does not hold the full capabilities of other Android devices.On top of all those wonderful things, it falls apart! Two pieces on the exterior have already fallen off, and the screen seems to be peeling off in certain places.All in all, DON'T GET THIS PHONE. You will regret it.

ok i ordered  two phone from here so far the first was the lg voyager the second one is the lg ally i love that phone to death the main thing  i like about the phone is that u have wi-fi and u can download app the camera is super good i like the flash and the sound everything is working good and the seller said the phone was used umm i think not it works like it never been touched at all but since im busy pros:wi-fi touch screen great user friendlycons:gets slow a little but it works good if u got 8gb chip not so well wit a 2gb on but other than that this a great phone :p

This is my first smart phone and I really do like it. (I bought off of a friend that upgraded after having it about 4 months, I didn't want to lock into another 2 years when I still had 1 left.) Problem is that there is NO memory! I'm constantly having to clear stuff out, even with my sd card, there are way too many pre-installed apps that I don't use and can't remove, I'm constantly having to run a task manager to get it to speed up and then have to force stop everything it doesn't. My messaging will get full and I have to clear out and force stop apps to clear enough memory. I don't have a lot of apps that I've downloaded (maybe 6), simply not enough room for them.I love the camera, especially since I have a newborn, the pictures come out clear 90% of the time. People are always complaining that they can't hear me when I'm driving. It freezes up a lot and I have to remove the battery to fix it. Randomly shutsdown and restarts, browser force closes all of the time lately, I had to replace the battery which has a chip in it so alternate brands don't work and verizon doesn't carry them any more. I ordered one off of amazon for under $6. I use my phone as my primary source of internet so this made a BIG difference compared to past basic phones.Overall, this is a good starter android for a year or less or for someone who doesn't plan to have much on it. I'm glad my contract is about to be up though because verizon is just too expensive. I'm switching to a prepaid android $50/month versus $130 for complete unlimited, for 1 phone. Way too much to spend with a toddler and newborn to take care of. Hopefully I don't end up disappointed.

This phone was in excellent condition, could not detect any wear-and-tear even though it's listed as refurbished. Was exactly what we wanted and very reasonable in price. Actually cheaper than buying at a local store

I originally went with the Ally because it didn't want something to launch NASA rockets but didn't want a horribly slow smartphone either. Well, this is certainly mediocre. It started off well enough but as the months went by, it just seems like it get more finicky. I suspect as the apps, sites and data gets more complex this processor can't hang with it. Lately, the updates seem to overwhelm it and it doesn't restart as it says it will. I like the overall size, weight, feel/quality of the build but the software and processor is underwhelming. The screen was reactive enough but not so sensitive that it would register before your finger even contacts the screen. The slide keyboard has a good feel to it, enough finger space. That would be the only pros though. I would skip this and get something a little more friendly. As the tech progresses, no doubt you will need a more powerful phone to keep up. This is woefully outdated already.

I got this phone because I did not want to go thru another contract. So far I am getting to know the phone, got for my daughter( I know did not look good beofre i bought, but totally my fault.) , but phone was in great shape and works good. hopefully will continue too:)

external speaker died after only 3 months.  No ringer or vibration after it died so no way to be alerted to incoming calls.

1 week after purchasing the phone is out of internal memory and I cannot receive text mmessages. Regardless of having an 8G memory card in it.

This phone worked great to start with. It is my 1st smartphone and touchscreen. Battery life is decent if you are in an area of great service otherwise I end up plugging in twice a day. I had the phone for 5 months before it started telling me there was no storage left and freezing if I didn't turn it off for an hour everyday. So I wiped my phone and started over everytime. I have now had the phone for approx. 10 to 11 months and it never has any storage space, it is constantly freezing, doesn't want to ring, doesn't receive notifications, has trouble with texting, all around doesn't want to work.Pros: great battery life considering. Great phone for the first several months.Cons: No storage space. Freezes all the time. Don't get it if you plan to use it for more then a year.

Love this phone. It was delivered 2 days ahead of schedule. It was a replacement for the same phone model which had met its demise a week earlier. The phone arrived before the screen covers and case so I had to be real careful for a couple days...lol.

Tha phone was just like it said in the listing and works great. Great deal for the price, would buy again.

I wanted a Smartphone for my cellular service.  I found this one NEW on Amazon at an unbelievably low price, from JUST CELLULAR.  I checked other online services and none came anywhere near such a low price.I ordered the phone, and to my suprise I had it two days later even though I did not elect the extra expedited shipping option.  This was unbelieveable since it was shipped from California, and I live on the East coast!The ad for the phone on Amazon listed the item as 'new'.  When I received the phone, in the original box and was ready to activate it, I noticed that it had over 100 hours of use logged on the phone, even though the number had been removed and the phone was cleared for activation.  When I noticed this, I emailed the seller on the issue of it being listed as 'NEW' when it had usage logged on it.  I received an immediate reply back from them within the hour.  They explained to me that the phones were purchased in bulk from the manufacturer, as 'overstock', but some could have been on display, but had never been sold to anyone.  They offered me an instant refund of the purchase price PLUS the postage both ways if I wanted to return it (even though they have an 'exchange only' policy), or they would exchange it for another phone, and did have a new one in stock, that they would check to be sure it was indeed new.  They also sent a link to a site where I could compare cellular phones to each other to select another brand if I wanted to.  I elected the option of exchanging this phone for a like model that was new.  They immediately emailed me a prepaid shipping label to return the phone I had and said once I got it in the Post Office, they would ship out the replacement one, without waiting on the one I returned to get to them.  They did that and I recieved the phone two days later.The new phone was brand new and I immediately activated it and have had it for a couple of months and am extremely happy with this phone.  I didn't particularly want a Smartphone and had decided I would never pay the price for one.  I had chosen this phone in particular as it had a slide out full QWERTY keyboard that I was seeking. This phone was an Android one, and when I first activated it, it immediately downloaded the newest Android operating system.  I found that this phone did everything that the current ones on the market did and just as fast.  I became extremely interested in many of the apps available from the Android Market and learned all the features the phone had.  I have it loaded with apps that were either free or .99 at most.  I have downloaded everthing from different ringer tones, all types of games, an awesome grocery shoping list, an alarm clock that chimes on the hour during periods you set, etc.  I have a Bluetooth capable cordless home system and the phone is compatible with it and downloaded the complete directory into my home system.  I found OEM LG docking/charging cradle at Amazon for $3.95 that costs about $30 from Verizon.  It makes an excellent lighted alarm clock at night while the phone charges.I can't believe the low price of this phone for all the things it does, just as current ones on the market.  It has the full QWERTY slideout keyboard that is very easy to use.  It also has a virtual keyboard on the touchscreen that can be used either horizontally or vertically, and switches itself automatically depending on how you hold the phone.  I also found that it had speach to text which worked perfectly.  I don't need either keyboard, I just speak my text messages into the phone and who it is for, and the rest is handled automatically.  The new 'question' app available from the Android online market store free, works similar to the new IPhone 4S' "Siri", that you speak to and it responds.  You speak to it, it answers verbally any question you ask it, as well as carries out many functions such as adding an item to my calendar, or look up an address from my directory and will text or email them!  Awesome!I love the phone.  And, I'm extremely happy to find a company like the seller 'JUST CELLULAR' that was so eager to please me immediately to my satisfaction, with the exchange of the phones.  They even followed up with an email to assure that I received the phone and was happy with it.  I've found VERY few companies with this kind of customer service unfortunately.

Whoa! After reading a bunch of these reviews, I am quite shocked... I don't know what you guys do to your phones, but mine works amazing. I bought it on Craigslist for 50 dollars so i'm not sure what it's previous life was like save for a few scratches on the screen, but it works great. I will address some of the points made in other reviews.1. Battery life: It does die rather quick, but it's a smartphone. That's expected. It has all these apps running all the time. Mine used to last about a day then I downloaded a task killer and Juice Defender in the Android market and now I only charge every other day.2. Storage: most of the complaints are about internal storage and how "most apps can't be stored in the SD card." This isn't the case with mine, I've stored all the apps I've downloaded in the SD card no problem. I have 15 Apps downloaded in my phone and it works very well with me. When it starts telling me that internal storage is full (and this is quite rare only happens perhaps twice a month) I don't need to delete my photos or texts. I go to manage my apps and clear the caches and the data to the apps. This ALWAYS makes that go away. It's usually the data on the browser that makes that pop out. Yes it does have a little bit of internal storage, but these are ways to get around that.3. Freezing: It hasn't froze on me yet (and hopefully won't) but the screen sometimes goes black like if it's on standby mode and it refuses to turn on.It doesn't do this too often so it doesn't phase me, I just pop out the battery and restart it and go about my day.4. Unmounting SD card by itself: Hah! does this to me very rarely! But it does happen. Who knows why... But It usually reads it all on it's own a few seconds after I find out what it's done. If not, I just pop out the SD card and pop it in again.5. Tapping a text thread and phone clicks different thread: Yeah, it does this too. Drives me a little crazy, but it also makes me laugh when I find out i've sent the wrong text message to someone i wasn't even texting in the first place. I guess my phone is humorous like that. However, I don't really encounter many problems clicking links in the browser or on apps. Just really likes pulling the bait and switch on my texts :)6. I read a review in which someone said that their phone was falling apart or something... umm... I have no idea what to say about that. Like I said, I purchased this used on Craigslist and all I have as evidence as to it's treatment in the hands of it's previous owner are some scratches to the screen and normal wear and tear. Uh, but my phone is not falling apart. It's very much intact and still in one piece. But I rarely drop it and I invest in cases and screen protectors for it so.. what are you guys doing to your phones?7. Lastly, someone said it was slow. Maybe I don't have to much experience with smartphones being this is the first one i've owned... but I have no trouble loading up youtube videos. Sometimes it can take a few moments to load up facebook or a browser page but it doesn't bother me. I guess i'm too patient... But what do you really expect from a smartphone from 2010? It's not a 4G LTE or any of the hot new stuff.

This was my first smartphone. It was awesome when I first got it. I really loved this phone; A little over a year after getting the phone it began to cut off when I'm texting, checking e-mail, et cetera. This phone even cut off when I was in the middle of a conversation. I have to take my charger where ever I go in order to keep the phone on. The phone will cut off and say that the battery was detached or low and when I get to my charger the phone says that it >79% charged. I have been sent several refurbished replacements however I am still having the same issues. I thought I was having battery issues however the employees at VW say that's not the case. I have also looked at different Andriod blogs and I am not the only having this issue. Please SAVE YOUR MONEY.... Do not buy this phone. You are better are off having a landline as the phone has to be connected to a charger to do anything.

Everything was on time and it works just fine. Was kind of like a small blessing because I was desperately needeing a phone after my previous one had broken.

This is worst phone. I have only had it a year, and the battery dies super fast. Mostly because the phone runs programs and apps that shouldn't be running. Such as, skype. When you are charging it, don't even think about sending a text message because a clock pops up on your screen. Would give it zero stars. But for the fact they took the effort to make such a horrible phone, ill give it one.

Ordered this used for my dad because his old phone was annoying him and he does heavy use with his phones.. So far, he likes the phone.

I purchased this phone and I was very excited. #1 it was not new as advertised. #2 It had a chip on the body rendering the back cover non-seatable #3 and worst of all it worked for about 10 minutes and then shut down. I was not able to get it powered up again. However, I had enough time to get some of my data on there. So I was stuck with a dead phone that I could not delete the data from.I emailed BUY CELLULAR immediately. First they accused me of placing the cover on wrong and causing the chip in the phone. Then they told me to send the phone back with my personal info still on the phone. I told them I would need another battery that I could charge the phone with so I could remove my info then return the batteries and phone for a replacement. They refused and then called me to tell me "Don't worry about your personal info. Just send the phone back and we'll clean it." Right. That sounds reasonable? No. I ended up purchasing a new battery on my own. I cleaned the phone and returned it for a replacement. The replacement phone is a good phone. BUY CELLULAR has been calling me repeatedly in an attempt to coerce me into erasing my review of them. I would recommend NOT affording them the pleasure of your business.

My daughter loves it.  She has not put it down since Christmas.  I love it too since I obtain service from Page Plus.  This phone will save me a lot of money in the end!

I have bought many refurbished phones from other sellers before and all worked fine, but after a few weeks of having this phone, the screen stopped working. I banged it against a table lightly, and it went back on, but the touch screen stopped working. After a day, the touch screen went back on. Since then the screen and touch screen have been working on and off, and this time, it's not turning back on. This phone was extremely unreliable, and I would never buy a phone from this seller ever again.

I got very good service with them, and the phone for itself is an old model, so if u r looking for something that is not so up to date this is perfect for u.

I bought this phone about 2 or 3 months ago...well needless to say I am waiting on another phone to be delivered. There was tape holding the battery together, phone freezes, phone kicks off or resets itself ALL the time. If I download any apps from the Play Store the phone tells me (even just 1 app like Facebook) that my phone is running low on storage space and rejects text messages. I go back in and unistall Facebook once again. This phone works like an android by far. I do not recommend anyone buying from this seller. Thanks.

I bought this on Amazon as a replacement for the one I broke.  I didn't want to learn how to use a new phone, so I got the exact one I broke.  It works perfectly and the price can't be beat.  I like the assurance that it is not stolen (I hope that is correct) and super fast delivery.

well the phone basically will you get ready to charge the phone up  the phone stays on it doesn't cut off the charger  and only problems I have with this phone  can a freeze up here and there. is not the best phone but it's alright phone  I recommend this phone only if you looking for something basic  don't expect too much from the phone  sometimes it will freeze up on you yeah the shut it down and turn it back on  it's all working again

I ordered a phone that was a clean esn but when I got it they didn't let me activate it cuz it was reported lost or stolen and custamer service didn't help me at all.

I Honestly was skeptical. Ive never ordered anything online before. The phone is brand new like it says! I love it!

Phone does work, but it is difficult to get some aspects such as the back button to respond on first try.  Battery has also completely died at one time, requiring taking the battery out and cleaning the contacts and reassembling the phone.
