
Phone itself seems ok, though I wouldn't know as I now await repairs on a phone purchased in less than a week. (3days, 1day use)Constantly reboots, and takes a year and a day to reboot at that.HP customer care is a b***** to get on to....hope you like waiting.I will update when, and  if I receive a working device.

Bought this from Amazon.  The description is deceptive.  States "unblocked" so you would think it is compatible with any provider.  Not the case.  The carrier has to provide a sims card, and this technology is not compatible with sprint.Once I discovered this, seller would not let me return the product, either.  Ended up giving this to an associate that had verizon.  Buyers Beware!

This phone was my first experience of using the webos operating system, I was impressed with it's ease of use.I'm personally not sure about the cards, it's supposed to be multitasking but as far as I can tell only one card can be active at a time. The battery life was dismal, I needed to purchase the Seido 2600mAh replacement battery.I actually jumped into buying this phone without doing my research, I actually purchased a HP Touchpad and thought that this phone supports the touch transfer (or whatever it's called) function, but I know know that's only on the Pre 3.I've now purchased a Pre 3 because it has a better screen and camera and supports the touch transfer function.The Pre 2 is still a great phone, a pleasure to use, with the homebrew apps I was able to overclock the CPU without any problems. My Motorolla Milestone crashed constantly, in comparison this phone is a pleasure to use, the Pre 2 hasn't crashed on me once to date.

I receive this phone from tequia and the phone wasn't wht I wanted. They say it had a front face camera which it didn't. I couldn't download none of the apps I wanted. I couldn't even downloaded any music. I send it back ova a week ago and I still haven't heard from them. They have there phone nw I want my money back!

I bought my Palm Pre 2 about 13 months ago. I have been extremely happy with WebOS, and it would take something major to make me switch to one of the other mainstream platforms. Synergy is the most intuitive way that I have come across of storing contacts. I cannot talk enough about how user-friendly everything is.Sadly, I have been experiencing some problems with gestures (the on-escreen swiping) this past few weeks. It has been so bad that I can hardly use my Pre, and am looking for a cheap replacement to tide me over until I am able to get a more solid phone. For things to go this wrong in such a short time is unacceptable!I am going to try and get the Palm Pre 3 next. That is how much I believe in WebOS. Since I live in Africa (Mozambique), I don't know how long it will be for someone to come down from the U.S with it.

Purchased 12-8-12. Received 12-12-12. Good while it lasted. Battery life dropped rapidly with little use. Phone got quite warm during calls, texting, and charging. Not all that smart. Died 4-11-13 after no user abuse. $130 brick

Excellent phone with very good build quality. I didn't face any difficulty in plugging into a local mobile service provider in India. It has got many fantastic features. The only drawback is that the Palm website is no longer available. Good mobile to go for.

I used Palm in the past and absolutely loved it. Now - that was before HP took over. If you are gonna buy this one, be ready for some surprises. HP app catalog is not working(you won't be able to download any apps, just stick with the presets), your phone book contacts pictures will look awful, blurry and really small no matter what you do (good pictures quality contacts pictures on old Palm was one of the highlights why I loved old Palm), phone calls quality, much worse than on the previous one... Well to make long story short: I returned this one to Teczilla and ordered Palm Pre Plus on GSM network. Which is identical to the one I used with Verizon. The one I use right now is T-Mobile. But good thing that it can be used with AT&T or any other GSM provider for it is unlocked.

The Palm Pre 2 phone is an excellent device.- Great processing speed- Perfect touch screen- WiFi works flawlessly- Dood signal- Screen is crystal clear and resolution is great.- Price is spectacularly low for an unlocked phone without a service plan.Cons:- I am not the kind of person that spends all day on the phone. But if you are, your battery will not last that long. I had to charge every 1,5 days with moderate use.- Bluetooth does not work for transfering your contacts to and from another device (at least another phone).- Does not have Whatsapp yet.

This is the phone that I want to have since long time. Actually I want to have and purchase Pre 3, but the price too expensive, even at current price. Not yet setup it, because still have an issue with HP account creation. We know that HP not yet support this product anymore, since there is no new mobile phone of this type from HP, but they still maintaining the back-end system, which is a good indicator one. Hopefully with help from Palm Community, I can setup this phone successfully later.The quality of this Pre 2 mobile phone is a good quality one. Especially if you compare it with a new mobile phone that just release nowadays. Hopefully, again, it can stand and in working condition for many years to come. We'll see it later (again).

I never pay too much for the phone. HP Palm Pre is the best choice. It is a brilliant combination of price and quality and features the smart phone should have. This is my second HP Palm Pre and this time it came Unlocked as it was written. If you decide to buy a phone in three years or so, I will choose HP again. No need to spend money for iPhone or any other brand as long as this phone is available. Easy synchronizing and transferring all the data from my previous phone to the new one. Perfect!!!!

The senior management at HP should hang their collective heads in shame. WebOS was ground breaking in the smart phone field. WebOS is an operating system that is two years beyond updates from the manufacturer and it still delivers a solid and reliable experience. Even with it's age and lack of updates it is less buggy and more convenient that either of the two major players out there, they are constantly being improved and are no better after all that development time.Pick up a GSM version and pop in a Net10 SIM card and you've got the full smart phone experience for cheap $.Only complaint; I wish the screen were a little larger.

This is a great phone and feels very sturdy. WebOS is great, unfortunately Palm/HP killed it but glad they amde it open source. This phone works great in Verizon areas and CDMA reception data speed is way better than AT&T. I would highly recommend now since you can get very cheap under $200 when it came into market. Great hardware/software. HP still supports and you can download latest software from their website.

I've been saving money on Tmobiles unlimited prepaid plan and buying unlocked smartphones in the 70-150 range. I don't buy insurance and end up replacing the phone every 8-14 months.Phones in this price range with wifi capability and good design are limited.This is one of those phones that fits the bill for me.Good solid phoneGreat design/ form factor/ physical keys are a big plus for meWith that said that are some noticeable drawback that you should be aware of.1. Fickle battery. Short battery life. Not great if you intend on using a lot of multimedia intensive apps during travel2. Buggy touchscreen. This will get so bad sometimes that it will interefere with basic functions like picking up calls.3. Need to be somewhat of a techie to fix the registration issue with the phone to download new software. (See other reviews for more info on this).4. Limited apps. confusing installations.5. Pandora doesn't support Palm Pre, (but you can still use stereomood)I believe I bought this phone for around $65.00 (used). If you are paying significantly more than that, I would look elsewhere for a more modern phone.

This is an excellent little smart phone, but not perfect.  The battery/roaming combination is death without a good data connection as it will empty itself trying to find one.  The camera does not autofocus. Verizon (the version I have) locks down the GPS so their app has to run to make it work. (Not a problem with unlocked GSM though).That being said, webOS is still far and away the best OS to actually use, especially for a professional.  Not as many apps, but good quality that is there, and easy to find what you want.Would I get it again - I suppose so as long as new webOS phones get made by someone, since HP bailed last month....

Seller provided everything requested in a very timely manner.  I love the Palm Pre 2.  I am sentimental about this phone since HP has given it the death notice.  For now it is still a great format and a great phone.

i must confirm that this phone is beautifully perfect. nothing compares.it is far better than any blackberry device ,just using for a week and already on my way for a pre 3 or veer.

I bought this phone to replace an old one. I've never had a smartphone so far and did not want something that I would find to complicated to use and therefore avoid using.The interface is really intuitive and the gesture guide easy to understand. Everything that is needed is on this phone. Additionally, it's wifi-capable, which I love because I do not want to sign up for an expensive data plan.The QWERTY keyboard could be a little bigger, but it is OK to type. Not sure, if someone with bigger hands might have more trouble typing.I haven't experienced trouble with reception or static since I received the phone although I have some spots in my house and work that I used to have trouble with my old phone.The battery lasts for about a day, which surprised me because I was used to longer battery life in my phone. However, I discovered this is quite normal for a smart phone. So...I cannot truly comment on whether the battery life is good or not.For someone like me you does not necessarily need all the bells and whistles on a phone, this is perfect and definitely affordable. I would recommend this phone.

I have about 3 weeks with this phone - first the set up was a bit complicated as you have to create your Palm acct. If your SIM doesnt have internet included, its going to be a barrier. Then you have to know your internet provider's info. The actual WebOs in action is very nice, as ease as my MacBook Air.I know that the software is prtty much a dinosaur and HP is putting the WebOs in jeopardy, etc. However, if you want multi-tasking, emails, calendar, Messages, all open at the same time - and you dont need 1559999 apps in your phone , totally recommended!

tremendo cel tengo 4 ,mese con el lo que me apana es que ya no lo hacen, el vendedor lo mando a tiemo

This has to be one of the best phones I have had , i had the PALM PRE but not this one the PALM PRE 2 &#60;--- 2 :D The app catalog isin't all that but everythings free so its a good/bad thing. It is indeed Unlocked and GSM as stated in the phones title. It works with T-Mobile JUST FINE! Thank You!

I currently use this phone, it works great, unfortunately it is no longer supported. While I could have given the phone 4-5 stars if HP had continued to put out updates and you could get more apps, that is simply no longer true.With that being said, for basic smartphone use such as web, pictures, text, calls, etc. it definitely does the job. The keys are small, but I haven't had any trouble with them. I like the size, it is not huge like a lot of phones now (more like mini tablets) but the screen is still big enough to see.All-in-all, I like this phone, but I wouldn't purchase it new with a 2-year contract again. A good replacement phone until renewal time, sure!

Being a tech-savy Engineer, I thought I could handle an UN-ethical company like HP, BUT I was wrong.  My speaker on my phone went out of whack, no problem I thought as I did a hard reset to start again.  Now the phone will never connect to any cell site and I have gone around and around with HP and their "bullet-proof warranty" and they refuse to warranty their product.  I am out the money and wondering how a wonderful company like Palm can die at such a bad hand of HP's doing.  I won't relate HP disaster on stealing my laptop and not responding to the police report.  STAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY far away from any HP product and you will live longer.One more lost American consumer in HP's hell.09-28-2012 Update, HP never changes after 7 years.....HP Never changes, the stole my Laptop about 7 years ago and just continue with this phone.  I finally got it approved to send in my phone after 3 months, and it got back from the HP repair center without my back battery cover.  I called HP and the said they are not responsible, so my phone still does not even work.  What Junk HP supports, stay far away from HP on everything, they have no ethical backbone.

I can't say enough about this phone. I have one of the earlier versions. I just messed up my phone with water damage and although other phones will stop working all together, this one keeps working, I just can't do anything with it because the water damaged the screen view. I can still receive calls via bluetooth. I considered getting the new phones, but the draw back is the loss of the multi-cards option the Palm Pre offers. That feature has been so helpful to have at times I just don't want to give this phone up..people think I am crazy and say the new phones are far better. The new phones are too big for my liking. This one fits beautiful in my hand. I love the picture quality of this phone, even at 3pix...but the pictures are so beautiful..people are amazed when I tell them it was with my phone. I have to replace the one I have due to the water damage and I am so glad my friend said to look on Amazon.com.

I bought this phone as a complement to my Nokia N8 and N900.Software: Elegant, artistic and inspiring. The gesture-driven paradigm is brilliant.Integration of Cloud Services: Seamless. It supports multiple Exchanges profiles and integrates both my work Exchange accounts and my Gmail information nicely.Voip Connectivity: Doesn't support Skype calling and, apparently, there is no Skype applicaton. Moreover, there is no built-in sip stack so I cannot use my voip account on the phone.No turn-by-turn navigation (although there are Google maps).Camera is sh_t - no autofocus. Camera flash is atrocious.I have found the keyboard cramped and hard to use.The biggest disappointment, however, is the craftsmanship. After having the phone barely two weeks, I find that the hinge mechanism joining the device to the keyboard is loose and wiggles! What! Are you kidding. In addition, the cheap plastic with which they made this phone is an embarrassment.Bluetooth: Apparently part of the design, buy one cannot use bluetooth between this phone and another one. Hence, in order to transfer any contact or photos from my other phones, I have to configure some kind of cloud sync. This may be a philosophical point, but I want bluetooth connectivity.Battery is terrible. Used extremely modestly, I can sometimes not get even a day's use.SUMMARY: The software is interesting and fun; the other stuff lets the phone down.

This phone is one of the most underrated gems that i have come across ever, so sad to see it's legacy terminated by a horrible marketing call by HP but don't hesitate, if your looking these reviews you need to stop and accept this is what you want and get it NOW!

I love everything about this phone, except that.. well.. it's a crappy phone.  WiFi, Web browsing, all the other "stuff" is great.  Ease of use is wonderful, but at the end of the day it needs to work as a phone and this one gets great reception only if you camp out on a cell tower!  My old phone, a Motorola, worked fine both walking in my neighborhood and inside my house.  This one drops calls if a butterfly flaps it's wings in the next state.  My kids el'cheapo Nokia phone brings in 4 bars inside my house and works great.  My expensive Pre 2 might get 1 bar in the house and drops calls frequently.If the phone had good reception I'd give it 5 stars, but considering how important this one piece of functionality is I struggle to give it 2 stars despite how amazing the other aspects of the phone are.  The only other negative I can give it is that it sucks through battery faster than any phone I've ever had.  I'm lucky to make it through the day without needing to charge.  Granted it's doing a lot more than my old phone in terms of battery use, but the designers should have provided a larger battery.The Pre 3 is out soon.  I'd suggest anyone considering a Palm wait for it as hopefully this antenna problem is fixed and the specs on it are much better.

This is well-designed phone:  rubberized surface, induction charging, slide out keyboard and great Palm OS/HP WebOS.  Unfortunately, after the disaster of Carly Fiorina's leadership, HP made the mistake of hiring a CEO from SAP, a German business software company.  In the one year that gentleman was there, HP took it's $1bn+ into Palm, launced HP WebOS and two months' later, abandoned the platform and products!  Now one and half years later, it is only NOW that tablet intefaces are approaching the useability and performance of WebOS.

This is the 3rd edition of the Palm Pre. Gone is the shiny rounded plastic screen. Say hello to Gorilla Glass - same as the iPhone. Clock speed of the CPU is double that of the previous Pre and Pre+ models. This thing is fast, and yet the battery life improves with the more efficient processor.All of the batteries, cases, and and accessories from older versions still work.This is still the only phone that charges wirelessly. Just set it on the magnetic Touchstone base, and you won't ever buy something that needs a cable again.5 minutes to learn 5 gestures and you have full command of the phone. Effortless one-handed use. Excellent keyboard slides out of the way when you don't want it.Best kept secret in the business. Get one!

Great phone I absolutely love it. Took me a little while to figure out how to bypass the activation but it was worth it. Recommend this seller anytime!

This is the best phone I have used till now, till now I have used Android,Blackberry,iphone,windows phone 7 but nothing beats WebOS. I have posted my detailed review on you tube have a look at it.[...]

It may not have been an Iphone, but the Pre 2 has proven to be amazing phone none the less. I love WebOS and this phone has done an amazing job for me as being my primary work horse.

Good quality for the price. It takes damage better than most phones, and it is very adaptable with a low learning curve.

I like Palm stuff -- I have carried Pilots and successor models since they first appeared.  I even put up with Palm QA problems to carry the T|X.  I own two Treo 680s and two Centros -- they are all in use.  The Pre always intrigued me, but the problems with build quality were troublesome.  I bought this Pre 2 based on reviews suggesting the build-quality issue had been addressed; I considered a Pre 3, but the cost was more than I was prepared to pay &#34;on spec&#34;.  There are more things to like than otherwise, though I think the older PalmOS devices are more generally flexible and the QA on both the 680 and the Centro has proven excellent.  The Pre is what is in my pocket these days (though I miss some flexibility...).  Best of all, it is not an Apple; it lacks Apple's seriously flawed sthetic.A comment on the vendor:  Noble Planet did a good job here.  The product was as described -- unlocked and functional on my T-mobile account without any difficulties (it was a Canadian -- Rogers -- branded phone).  The service was fast.  I have a sense that, had there been a problem, I could expect it to be addressed in a business-like fashion.

In today's market, everyone's selling their near obsolete basic phones for the same price as this or even more so. This phone is buggy all over the place and has no more support for it. Everyone seems to have a different updated version of webOS. Before I get into a rant, let me just make a list.Pros:CheapDurable(Apparently) Very Doctorable.Runs semi smoothHalf decent cameraCons:Runs semi smooth - Erratic and sometimes easily overloaded.Really short battery lifeLack of in depth settings/preferencesHorrid auto correctUser manual doesn't cover muchNo "Smart" functions work for me actually... now that i really think about it..i could go on, but it's okay for the price. I paid for the assurance that it's new and it's not the worst choice out there. As my Amazon Rating states; "It's Okay"UPDATE: 3/23/14It's been a while since I last woke up hating somethingSo i got this phone because i needed an interim phone that I could keep in case of emergencies or temporary replacement. Initially purchased because an emergency, I actually thought the phone was okay because it could hold a charge for a little bit even though i was just using it for necessary things, but now the darn thing can't hold a charge at all. It can't even hold a full charge overnight (6-8 hours) with nothing bothering it but my alarm clock. If I can find out who stole the sub standard earplugs that came with this phone, I'd love to return it... Now the phone decided doesn't want to charge anymore during the writing of this review.I highly recommend just investing in a newer phone or into old ones that have never failed you. This is ridiculous as it has caused much trouble in between me and my employer.

The best phone I've ever used. The webOS operating system is so user-friendly. And it is the perfect size to fit comfortably in my pocket. I love it!

Pre2 is a great looking phone with great functionality. its solid, esp compared to the original Pre's.  And webOS 2.0 is above any platform out there. the 1GHz processor makes for a speedy experience.

The palm Pre 2 is good phone. The only thing I do not like is, the letters are too small for me to read, but my son is happy with it.

Never owned a palm phone.It was small but cute. Nice interface and os is very different.Wonderful design, fast and snappy os, overall.  I will give 80%.

Don't judge the Palm Pre 2 until you have updated it to the latest operating system.I purchased this unlocked phone and connected it to the T-Mobile prepaid network, after using a Blackberry curve on Boostmobile for a couple of years.  I wanted touch screen technology, Wifi, GPS, and a keyboard, but without the extra cost of Blackberry messaging.I initially had my doubts about this phone, but after using it a few days and upgrading to the latest operating system ... I fell in love with both the ergonomics of the handset and the easy to use operating system.  The screen definition is awesome.  How can a handset be so small and have such a clear easy to read screen?  I usually carry it in my shirt pocket with room to spare.  The Palm Pre 2 is a great phone, if you do not need 4G and 999,999 apps.  The accessories are dirt cheap since this phone has been discontinued.  I use my Palm Pre 2 to keep up with my online Spanish course.  The internet browser is very fast in Wifi mode.  I adapted quickly to the keyboard, which is slightly smaller than the Blackberry curve.I LOVE IT!

I really like this phone alot.  Its very intuitive and so unlike any phone Ive ever had.  The wireless access point, Wi-fi and the touchscreen are all great.  Verizon now has iphone but I still opted for this one as I knew someone else that had the first Pre and I really liked it.  I'm glad HP bought the Palm platform as the updates will be more frequent and robust.I have yet to figure out how to download a PDF file and the battery life (hence giving it 4 stars) could be better but it sounds like its alot better on the later models.  MS docs are a no brainer though.

love the size and work-ability of the palm pre products.  I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why HP hasn't come out with more products like this.

the new web os is difficult to manuever in.  the fact that you cant navigate4 without screen isnt good because phone breaks/shatters easily

Im an original webOS user since the pre minus launched on sprint in 2009. I left webOS for other systems and I wish i never had. Coming back I settled on the cheaper pre2 vs. the pre 3. I cant be happier with this phone.The caseing has a thicker rubberized feel and just feels more solid. The keyboard is definately stronger and wont wear out. the keypresses feel like they should. The slider is also higher quality construction. The old pre- would rock side to side when opened and got slightly loose after a few months.Because the shell is a little thicker the holster i got with the pre- was a little snug but the phone still fit. it just didnt pop in/out as quickly. a slight modification to the holster and it was perfect. You may want to look into a different case/holster.The phone is faster than the pre- (double the speed @1Ghz) and has double the memory (512MB Ram) as well as double the flash memory at 16GB (more than plenty for me).battery life for my usage is superb. I average a few hours of calling and moderate txt per day. Wifi hasnt been shutoff once since i purchased the phone and after a 10 hour workday im still at 27% without recharging. My spouse has a new LG lucid with a 1700 mah battery and it has to be charged while at work to finish off the day.Altho webOS itself is dying for the current devices (check webosnation and look at open webOS) it doesnt mean what is already there doesnt have support. There are tutorials on how to "Doctor" the phone to the latest firmware (2.2.4) and heaps of homebrew developers with tons of apps and patches. This is my ONLY phone and it will be for a long time (until i get enough cash to get the pre 3 lol).I also recommend getting a touchstone the entire package on amazon is under $10 and i cant imagine not having it. The pre 2 already has the inductive battery cover so you dont need to buy that.

This is a great phone, I use it for a year but HP close the production of this kind of phones so I have to sell it

Hands down; this is the most gorgeous looking phone on the market. It's compact, looks unlike anything else on the market and it feels great in the hand. The small form factor is perfect for one hand use and the rubberized materials stick it to your skin without fear of slipping. On the construction side the phone is also pretty good; a satisfying strong slider mechanism makes it feel sturdy and purposeful, while the full QWERTY keyboard is perfect for everyday use. The WebOS operating system is also a treat to use and has some very unique features current smartphones are only adapting at the moment; most notable of which will be RIM's BB10 line of phones that copy the gesture feature that the Palm Pre 2 utilizes. The OS is strong and useful, however, its lack of support by a manufacturer means there are hardly any apps available. One the plus side though; being Linux based and open source, it is backed by a whole community of modders, developers and creative individuals who have come up with with some spectacular apps of their own. If you're looking for a phone that works hard without any fuss or thrills, then this is it. However as an app hungry individual - you'd be better off getting a phone with a larger suppor base.

I used the Pam Pre for almost a year now, and finally got the Pre 2 last week, it looks identical from size and user interface to Pre, with a major improvement: CPU speed!!The Pre was a great phone, the UI is smooth and intuitive, all basic features work fine, it is a solid phone! The major issues were:1- The keyboard is too small2- The phone is slow and sometimes "think" for a second or two before respond.3- Battery life is a joke, only few hours if you use apps.Now with Pre 2, the speed feels 10x better, the applications window shows up fast and no "thinking" time pause,, great performance.Unfortunately, the keyboard is the same, too small for average hands, and the battery has improved tiny bit.. still need better battery.So with the Pre 2, the only gripe is the keyboard, however, you can get used to it if you type slowly..This should have been the first Pre!

this was bought for a friend whose phone was giving trouble. got only great reviews sine the friend got it very good phone.

This phone is in for repair to HP after only one month of ownership. (1)The wifi stopped working, (2)The B- button on the key pad stopped working (3) The phone Freezes and has to be reset more than 5 times a day. Palm needs to get its act together.

I am totally in love with the WebOS mobile operation system. It fits me perfectly, more so than the latest phones. It saddens me that it is no longer supported in the states. There will be no new updates. Due to this the battery sometimes run hot or drains very fast. I've known Palm to fix this problem in the past with a software patch. I know that one is not coming for my little buddy. There is one feature that I either haven&#8217;t figured out how to get to work, or it may never work, that is yahoo messenger. I could do this through the browser but, its not the same. I like to receive IMs text message style. Since the Palm store went offline, there is no hope there. I just have to wait and hope that someone creates a Homebrewed Open Source app. Other than this the phone is great.

If you are looking to cut your cell bill down and still have a smart phone then this phone might be right for you. However be warned that if you are use to Android or Apple phones then this could take some getting use to.
