
I have never been so disapointed with amazon item. Program cydia was instaled so bad and unprofesional that I have to pay extra 40$ to the other person to fix my phone properly

i bought this phone as a replacement and the screen did not work well i can not text refurb is NOT the way to go with something as touchy as the iphone

you never tell it's a lock phone until I try to use it. That put me 3 long days without phone, hope to found somebody to unlock it tomorrow. The delivery was on time and good conditions'  Bring the phone to the store for unlock and the agent found out the phone was blocked by at&t. will send back the phone to get reimburse, it's very sad.

Very nice phone, but battery doesn't even last a day.  Got it for my mom, she likes it, I wish it was possible to downgrade to older version

I purchased my iPhone from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS and there is nothing bad that i can say about it, the phone was at the latest firmware and the phone was in great condition, i registered the phone with itunes and have been using it wonderfully ever since, im very happy.

After purchasing this item I was notified that I should not update the software otherwise the iPhone would no longer be unlocked.  I possibly would not have bought it had I known this beforehand

This is not an Iphone .Its a cheat but the phone looks very similar to Iphone.I bought this phone but the speaker is not working in 2 months and when I approached the Apple store for repair .I came to know it not an Iphone.

iPhone was great, but it was Unlocked by JailBreak It is not official UnlockedBut except that everything is good

I bought this phone (iPhone 3gs) mainly because of the price. I've been wanting an iPhone for so long but didn't really want to spend 200.00+ for it. I got the phone, and it was all fine and dandy until I realized that part of the screen wasn't responsive to touch. So now I've had to go through hell and back to try and find someone who won't charge me an arm and a leg to fix the screen. No where in the description did it say that there was a problem with it. For this, I might as well have just spent the extra few bucks and gotten a phone that functions properly without having to throw down the extra cash. On the upside, the description it also said it was an 8gb, and turned out to be a 16gb. The Otterbox case is pretty nifty too.

Everything that was said in the description was all there in my iPHONE. There wasn't a scrape, glitch, etc. on the phone. The integrity of this company was well kept. Thank you.

Bought from Amazon Warehouse deals. The product is in great condition but is not unlocked at all. The "funny" thing is that I called Amazon Wireless prior to shopping the product and they "confirmed" it was unlocked. Not at all. I am without phone right now because of that. Way to go Amazon!

is sad that after purchasing my Apple iPhone 3GS 8GB - Unlocked, to perform the Delivery and open the package, I find the big surprise that instead there was only a poor quality clock and nobody knew what had happened to answer

If you have an iPhone you will need to download and install iTunes (no charge) on your PC in order to be able to add music, photos, videos, etc. to your iPhone. The vast majority of iPhones produced by Apple were locked to a single carrier (AT&T;, Sprint & Verizon) in the US and you will not be able to use an iPhone locked to one of these carriers on the network of another carrier. For instance, in order to use an iPhone 3GS produced for AT&T; on T-Mobile you will first need to have the iPhone unlcoked. AT&T; implemented a new policy on 3/8/12 under which they will unlock an iPhone under certain conditions (google AT&T; iPhone unlock). This type of unlock is frequently referred to as a "Factory unlock". The other method of unlocking an iPhone is a software hack (3 steps which are jailbreak, unlock and hactivate). Be very careful of buying a jailbroken iPhone unless you know exactly what you are doing/getting. The later software versions (referred to as the IOS or iPhone Operating System)installed on iPhones have severe limitations at this time in terms of jailbreaking. Most/all of the current jailbreaks are tethered (you can only reboot the iPhone when connected to a PC which has the jailbreak software on the PC and you need to know how to load and use the jailbreak software) or involve loading the iPad baseband (radio receiver/transmitter) on the iPhone. Many of the iPhones with the iPad baseband have severe problems which can NOT be fixed (you can send the phone to China to have the baseband ships replaced) including non-operational Wi-Fi, non-operational Bluetooth, constant rebooting, non-operational GPS and fast battery drain. You will see some purchasers of iPhones claim that they turned on the unit and it was stuck in recovery mode (most likely thay purchased a phone with a tethered jail break which is looking for the jailbreak software on a connected PC) or that the Wi-FI, Bluetooth or GPS doesn't work (almost certainly due to the installation of the iPad baseband.iPhones produced for AT&T; use GSM radio technology while iPhones produced for Sprint & Verizon use CDMA technology. At least for the Verizon iPhones, they also have a slot for GSM SIM cards which requires that the phone be unlocked in order to use it. Verizon will only unlock the phone under certain conditions and requires the use of a SIM card from an overseas carrier. Think of GSM and CDMA as the difference between AM and FM radio. An FM radio can not receive an AM radio program. GSM is used in the US and almost all of Europe and South America while CDMA is generally being phased out and is still primarily used in a few countries in Asia. So, if you want to use your iPhone while in Europe using a SIM card from a European carrier then make sure that you buy an unlocked GSM iPhone.When buying a used iPhone, you need to make sure that it was never reported as being lost or stolen in which case the phone is almost certainly black listed and can not be activated in the US. This can be a problem when buying an iPhone through Craig's List where you meet a guy in a parking lot to make the transaction.If you are handy, buying a used phone with certain types of damage is not a problem. For the iPhone 3G, 3GS, replacing the glass, LCD or battery is of moderate difficulty ($10 for the glass, $30 for the glass/LCD assembly, $10 for the battery). Changing the back cover or battery on a 4 or 4S is very easy ($10 for the battery, $15 for the back cover) but changing the glass requires an almost complete disassembly of the phone. The are many local repair facilites that can fix the damage but they are of course much more expensive than DIY. If buying a damaged unit then make sure you know what the repair costs will be before the purchase.Now a few words about the iPhone 3GS versus an Android phone. Note that there are many variations of Android phones and my Android experience is limited to the Samsung Exhibit II 4G and a couple of other units.The iPhone is generally of higher quality overall and in terms of individual features. Some Android phones will have a higher resolution (480 * 800) but pixel density (number of dots per square inch usually referred to as PPI) is more important to image quality and Apple generall has better. A similar issue exists for the cameras. Although some Androids have better resolution say 5 MP, Apple's camera due to the density of pixels and software frequently produce a better pic. The Androids that I have used have better built in speaker quality than the iPhone 3GS but if using ear buds or an external speaker this isn't an issue. The iPhone 3GS and later models have 1 button voice dialing which was essential for me. You only need to pull the phone from your pcoket and hold the home button for 3 seconds and then speak the name/number to call. With the Android, you need to press the power button, swipe the home screen, enter an unlock code (if you use this) and then start a calling application although some blue tooth head sets on some Android phones permit one tap voice dialing. The iPhone screen is also brighter which enables use in bright sun compared to many Android units which are unusable outside. The Android has more customization settings which can make the learning curve a little steeper compared to the iPhone. Applications are pretty much the same on both platforms. Android does have Google Navigate (spoken search command with step by step voice commands) which is better than the equivalent app on the iPhone. The newer Android phones have as good or better speech capabilities than iPhones. For instance, there is some benefit to have the phone talk to you to tell you that John Smith is calling rather than having to pull the phone from your pocket and look at the display. I'd suggest picking the 3 features most important to you and making a decision of these 3 features alone. If you need one button voice dial without bluetooth or frequently use the phone outside in the sun then my vote goes to Apple. If you need voice navigation on a regular basis or 4G network speeds then my vote goes to Android. If you need to be able to use a phone where cell signal strength is a problem such as in an office building then get an Android which supports Wi-Fi calling (iPhones don't). If the cell signal is weak then your call will be routed through the Wi-Fi connection. Some carriers support this and some don't charge minutes for Wi-Fi calling.Update 6/18/2012Clarification - The iPad baseband was only required to unlock the phone for use with another carrier. The jailbreak is required to install applications not approved by Apple and required to load the iPad baseband.As of 6/18/12, an untethered jailbreak is reported to be available for IOS 5.1.1 and software to rollback the modem firmware to a version which can be unlocked without using the iPad baseband is available.

After buying the iPhone 3GS in late March of '10 (unfortunately just before the new model arrived), I am pleased to write a review of such an amazing, affordable phone.Inside Apple's sleek, stylish box comes the iPhone 3GS, Apple Earphones with Remote and Mic,  Dock Connector to USB Cable, USB Power Adapter, and the usual user guide. I must say, I've never used the dock connector, but a nice gesture on Apple's part. It's clear that Apple spent as much time perfecting their exclusive mobile operating system, as they had on their seamless Mac predecessors. In the two and a half year span I have owned this phone, it hasn't frozen once. The easy-to-use operating system not only requires minimal knowledge of current technology, but protects your phone from most "freezing" and "crashing" errors you'll find with most competitors. Unfortunately, since Apple themselves do not create most of the applications available in the (preloaded) app store application on the phone, some of the applications are more prone to error. This, however, is for another day. Let's stick to talking about the phone itself.Since the iPhone operating system is so exclusive, Apple requires you to download iTunes, a free downloadable program which houses movies, music, games, photos, events, and even contacts on both your iPhone and your computer. Convenient, right?Getting into the more technical specs of the phone, you'll find that the iPhone not only comes with an ambient back-light sensor, but you'll see that you have an accelerometer. First off, an accelerometer is an instrument used to detect the force of motion (either by gravity, or by motion). The accelerometer within the iPhone can, therefore, measure the speed of movement of an object on which it is attached. Using the Nike + iPod sensors when running makes full use of the accelerometer: the attachable shoe-sensors you receive will (based on the amount of time the shoe is on the ground vs. the amount of time it is in the air) convert this information into an accurate measure of your running speed. How cool!The iPhone has one of the best battery lives of any phone on the market today. From a personal standpoint, I need only charge my phone once every TWO DAYS. Phenomenal. This should be mind-blowing to those of you who need to charge your phone within 6, 4, or sometimes even 2 hours. The iPhone offers its users 30 hours of music playback, 10 hours of video, 7-9 hours of internet use (depending on the network you're using), 8-12 hours of talk time, and a whopping 300 hours of standby (screen off, phone on).For those of you who may not speak English, the iPhone is definitely a product you should consider. To say the iPhone supports a handful of languages (like most phones) would be an immense understatement. Apple offers you a myriad of options:"English (U.S.), English (UK), Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Indonesian, Malay, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, and Vietnamese."So regardless of the language you speak, Apple made sure to provide you with the same options given to their English-speaking consumers.On top of the aforementioned, the iPhone 3GS will come with a 3-megapixel camera, and optional video. It comes with Bluetooth and GPS capabilities, along with the usual 3.5-inch (diagonally measured) widescreen with "Multi-Touch" display and a 480x320 resolution at 163 ppi (pixels per inch).At just half an inch thick and just under 5 ounces, Apple gives you a product years ahead of the competition: A device giving you the most responsive touchscreen on the market, two times the normal battery life (of an equally comparable phone), and an advanced, exclusive operating system protecting you from most bugs and errors.

Very god.............. ............. ...........  .......... ... ,, .. .. .. .. ... .. .. .. .. ..  ..  ..  ..

Brand new IPhone 3gs, came with everything! Perfect for what was in the description of the product that I purchased.

the phone is nice and it is in better shape than I expected for a used smartphone...it was a little bit harder to activate than I expected tho

Wasn't unlocked and the guys who can work magic with their programs couldn't even unlock it. Completely useless for use abroad, highly not recommended.

This are a good looking phone, because it give you all what you need in only one place, also give you the security on the operating system and others softwares that it needs and bringing you all the facilities to enjoy it

I simply love Iphone 3gs. it's a big change from the one i used to have. The package was untouched and it was delivered before the date it was estimated. I surely don't regret!

Phone arrived in mail with letter apologizing that the USB port on the phone only works once in awhile and that they sent me a 16gb instead which hopefully makes me happy. Not only do I not care that its 16gb, I can barely get it charges to work. The phone constantly cuts off for no reason and the button on top to shut the phone off does not work. Last time I trust to buy something used.

The seller was not honest about the product and it was in bad condition. The only way to speak is by using the headset. I cannot have a conversation without the headset. Additionally, the vibrate button does not properly work.

I ordered this for the t-mobile network.  After it was all set up I know  why people like the iPhone.  This phone even being old is fantastic. Works really good with t-mobile network.

Product is excellent as describe, not jail broken but factory unlocked works great with T-Mobile Sim cards or  other GSM.  everything works fine and in great condition... will order from this seller again, FYI  if u ordering an Iphone please make sure it fulliment from amazon or u be greatly disappointed like I was from other sellers .

Great phone, received quick and I'm more than satisfied as it also came with the charger and I wasn't expecting it. I would recommend and deal with seller again.

Apple Iphone is always good although expensive but it is all about fashion.Product is good and service is good. I spenta little time to figure out how to set it up with cincinnatiBEll. It is all set now.

It  came brand new and in the box! Its a great phone and easy to setup and its a iphone!

everthing was perfect trhe iphone work greatam so happy and everthing was perfect trhe iphone work greatam so happy

thank you very very much thanks to amazon thanks to abe-123the product is very very goodthe ptovider abe-123 is a very very good companythey answer any and all questions that may be asked.thank you

The phone is excellent. This was my first time ordering something used. And I was well worth it.... thank you Amazon.:-)

I couldn't use this phone.i was amazed the phone got blown up when I was first charging before I could use it.

I really like the Iphone but the adapater was not campatable, i think i was give the wrong one, thank Go i had an old Iphone and i was able to use it.  The cassette adapter for VHS mini cassette was the wrong one, i attempt to mail but i did not enough postage, i will try again, the other prioduct were okay it was good doing business with you, but if you can find the right adapter i would surely appreciate itThanksSharzetta  Campbell  225358-2628

Product was delivered to me on time, was unlocked and reasonably priced.It was in perfect condition with clear instructions on how to use it.

I had purchased this item to be used on Straight Talk, and for some reason, that just would not work out for me. So, I am now going to have the item returned and get a full refund for it. I do have to say that the seller is being very curtious about the situation overall, though.

I bought the phone from abe-123 vendor. I bought this for the wife because she loved her last iPhone. The delivery was fast, a lot faster then I expected. The only problem is that when she got it, it was stuck in recovery mode right out of the box, and nothing she did would get it unstuck. She went to the AT&T; store and they couldn't do anything about it either. Now she has to send it back to Apple, which thank goodness it is still covered under warranty. So Apple is sending a replacement phone for her.I understand I might have gotten one faulty phone out of several, but that is why I gave it a 3 out of 5, because I have to get a replacement phone for the one I just bought and didn't get to use once. I'm not going to blame the vendor at this point, because I know not every item will be functioning perfectly like it should

I put in a order for me and my husband on September 24th 2012 and paid $199.99 for each phone which is $400.00 I receive 1 ipnone a week later in the box instead of 2 iphones. Also united states post office left the package in the lobby and my neightbor brought it upstairs for me. Also USPS disclose on the front lable of the box that 2 iphones were in the box! I am so very unhappy with the quality of service and at that I only receive 1 iphone! Dont order from Cougar Cell because you wont get your stuff plus they deal with the local post office who put your things at risk of being stolen!!!! waiting on another phone or a full refund of $400.00.

I want to know if the phone is released. today that I can buy but I'm not sure of my purchase please espesifique for this and if this operator unlocked

The phone is not perfect, but it is as advertised and it was a good price. I like spinach too.

This is not a phone you will want to put a case on. Okay, yes, many people will understandably want to protect their new phones from scratches and nicks. But this is a device you want to keep bare so that its beautiful aluminum and glass body is visible.

ok

I love my Iphone 3GS, it wasn't as expensive as a new iphone 5 and it works great. It feels good to use it.

I got this Iphone 3GS last week. It's unlocked but when I enter my sim card, nothing happens. It's jailbroken too. That means it's not new to begin with. On the back of the box, it says: AT&T;, and then a sticker pasted on top of the box saying "Iphone unlocked new" which is a complete lie. I hooked it up with itunes, it updated to the latest OS, and it just stopped working, won't activate, due to it being locked only for AT&T.; Also, box came in full of scratches and usage marks. On top of that apple websites specifies this comes with DOCUMENTATION. This one didn't even have the clip to enter the SIM card. No documentation whatsoever. Luckily I'm getting the phone returned, to get this rip off over with. DO NOT BUY this if what you need is a FACTORY UNLOCKED Iphone.Worst deal EVER.

The only reason i gave 1 to this product that it was listed as 16g instead of 8g and I made the purchase based on 16g.I contacted the vendor and they explained to me that this is Amazon.com mistake as they are delayed in updating their systems.Buyers, be careful...

Hello, I like my iphone now but when I order it you said it was unlocked and it wasnt I has to may more money just to unlock and activate it!

This phone works good and we r pleased with it. Didnt come will a wall charger only the cabke but thats ok. Phone was in great condition

the phone is unlocked GSM, but I would like to know how often it works, primarily in that works on 3G frequencies &iquest;?

Good phone

got it and i was quite amazed love that it can play 720p video mp4 format of course and that the screen was clear first thing you want to get for this device is a screen protectorprosbrite screenshinysimple to operateconsfingerprint magnetneeds a screen protectors

I bought this phone used about a year ago, and it had absolutely no scratches of dents. Also, it ran very well even though it was a phone from 2009. Everything about it was good, and it got the job done with calling, messaging, emailing, and running apps. This is a great phone for the price.

I bought a used one and it said Like New, but when I recieved it it I realized that the speaker for the phone doesn't play music, or any ringtones or text alerts. Although when I go into settings and preview my ringtones, it works. I looked it up and I guess it's a software issue, basically unfixable. The music and stuff still works if you have headphones plugged in though, so it's not competely messed up, but I still would've liked to receive an iPhone that works nicely.

Thank you so much this is exactly what I have ordered. This is look brand new I phone I love itThanks again

I was very disappointed as I bought this phone and when I get it, there are basic things that doesn&#8217;t work well, like the phone microphone or some functions in the keyboard

good for what i needed it. i didnt have too many apps to chose from but it is the iphone3.

I so like this piece of machine. It met my expectation and over. I will quickly recommend it to anyone.

I was skeptical about buying a used phone. And wasn't about to spend the big bucks on a new iPhone! This phone is so great! I'm addicted! I bought both of my kids one too!!

I have to say that I was not sure to buy a used iphone. But it came on time and the iphone is in perfect condition, as new. In addition during the purchase process, seller contacted me immediately and delivered as promised. It came with the charger and latest IOS version, no problem with the unblocking, I'm using with my local cell chip without any issue.

This company is horrible.  I received a defective iphone and they just tell me to contact Apple for assistance.  I have had problems with this phone since the first week I bought it.  It doen't work at all anymore.

Everyone else raves about all the things the iPhone does right, so I won't repeat that. I was very disappointed when I started missing calls because I was momentarily away from my phone when it rang and the phone DIDN'T TELL ME LATER that I had missed a call. Sure, if I push the button to ask it, it will tell me, but many other phones occasionally beep. The iPhone didn't. I probably would have bought an Android if I had known that.

My wife loves the iPhone...no smartphone compares with it (she's owned a couple of good ones before this). Perfect little Birthday gift :)

the unit was not set up and i have to bring it to an apple store in St. Thomas ( Techbox ) and has to be charged for $10 for setting my iphone up, when in fact it should be covered by a warranty.

I got mine from BLUTEKUSA.COM. I put a T-Mobile sim in & it worked. I then connected it to iTunes then disaster.Although the description said "factory unlocked", I later discovered that it was jail-broken too hence the locked up phone when it communicated with the Apple ecosystem. Oh, yes, the headphones & documentation were missing too!In the end I sent it back & bought a legit unlocked version from Apple. What a difference. It works really well with my T-Mobile sim card.Don't skimp. Buy direct from Apple.Amazon gave me a full refund

I was looking for an iPhone and wanted something I could afford. I purchased this phone and used a sim card to use it as a go-phone monthly phone plan. Super affordable- not like paying 100/month with a contract.Came relatively quickly,  was exactly what was advertised by the seller.  Very happy with this purchase.  Would recommend to friends and purchase again

I received the item as good as it is described and I am very satisfied with it's functionality. I have nothing more to say but expresses my thanks.

I presented this Unlocked Iphone 3GS to my wife as Birthday gift.This Unlocked Iphone 3GS  is working perfectly in Qatar with Qtel sim card. Software got upgraded to iOS6.0.1 without any problem.I am recommending this Unlocked Iphone 3GS everybody those who wants their phone should be sturdy, stylish, quality, cheap and freedom to use any part of the world with Region Format.Facilities includes - Regular usage as stylish smart phone, Great Apple Apps, Search the Web with Great Safari web browser, Access your Email, Wi-Fi/3G, GPS, View Photos & Video and Intelligent KeyboardSatish kumar Bandlapalli

I am not making a negative comment about the Iphone itselt; I've had many and love them all; rather what came when I ordered this phone 6 WEEKS ago from Fiestacellphonestx. It was represented as being in &#34;new&#34; condition (not actually new, but in that condition). What came was anything but. It was BADLY refurbished- Battery life of one hour, randomly powered off or rebooted, touch screen badly replaced, separating from the phone. After some back and forth they asked me to return it directly to them, not through Amazon. According to USPS tracking it arrived 4 WEEKS ago. I still have no iPhone from them. They have made excuses, stalled, made empty promises and still NO IPHONE. After I got Amazon involved the seller sent a message to contact them if I didn't receive the new phone within 3 days. That was 9 DAYS ago! I have since filed a claim with Amazon. Many times in the process they've asked me for my phone number, promised to call, and then never did. I have asked for my money back from the seller and still no response. I have been a very satisfied Amazon customer of 15 years. The FEW times I've ever had a problem Amazon has has always reacted promptly and professionally. I've never had a problem with a third party seller either. Until now. This is very disappointing.A business transaction is a very basic thing: You offer a product, a customer pays to have that product in the condition you claim it to be in. If it's not, you exchange it and every body moves on. Why these folks at Fiestacellphonestx can't understand this is beyond me. I have tried every reasonable means to get them to do what they are supposed to do- and still nothing. I ordered a refurbished Iphone some time ago from another 3rd party Amazon seller and it has worked beautifully. Just be careful when ordering an older phone and my advice is to avoid Fiestacellphonestx. I really wish zero stars was an option in this case.

Ordered 3gs through amazon warehouse deals, an i was a bit skeptical being that it wasnt purchased through apple but it has came out to be a great product. The warranty had expired but that was about it, everything works fine and it not jailbroken. A few minor scratches on the back but thats about it. 114 bucks well spent!!:)

Received iPhone 3GS (sold as "New") in sealed box and it had been cleaned up pretty well but it was not charged.When I turned it on it was jailbroken and had Cydia installed.yeah... big fat LIE if you think these things are new!better off buying from somewhere that you know what you're getting!

A lot of hassle changing info over like it ok works but hard to change screen when turning on ugh

It came with an otter box which was awesome. I love it!  It had some minor scratches and flaws but still works sufficiently

The iPhone works very well and very eay to use. It was in well shape it didn't have a mark on it

I've just bought an iPhone 3GS that is supposed to be a new. When I opened it I've noticed lots of scratched in the screen. It was missing the piece that opens the sim compartment!! I'm very disappointed with this seller (Tablet Distributors). I've paid a large amount of cash for used product!!!

I ordered this phone for my old mother recently who has t-mobile and it was unlocked and it great condition. Works great and would recommend it to anyone looking for a simple phone with semi up-to-date features.

Met my expectation

The phone is slow on a 5g network, it lags.  The charger didn't work, had to purchase a new one.

I was looking for unlocked phone because i wanted to use it out of USA. I bought this phone from this dealer saying that it is unlocked. When I upgraded the OS of the iphone, it got locked. I contacted the apple care center, there i got to know that this phone is carrier locked with AT&T and this was un officially unlocked. Now I do have a paper weight worth $350.

amazoon for me is the easiest and also one of the safest way to buy stuffs online, you dont have to go through rigourous paypal account opening and all that stuff, am just curious cos i just cant wait to order next

New & Unlocked as described ! As soon as I got it, I opened it & connected it to iTunes to get started and straight away got the message"Your phone is unlocked" !! Works good - BEST THING - Battery Life !!!

Hi I bought this phone from abe-123 and it was new it looked great but it has a power issue I don't know if it's defective or what but it doesn't like to charge...tried to get help but didn't work still I wouldn't buy phone on the Internet again......

All I can say. It was really a perfect purchase experience.- 1st of all: This is the cheapest price I could find on amazon- it took them 3-4 days as far as I remember to ship without paying for money for expedite shipping.- The phone is brand new, no fraud, unlocked, no imperfections.- came with a screen protector, cover, and some other extras that I didn't pay for. Which was cool.Overall I think it's a very good product and a very good seller.

I have had this Iphone for less than a year it constantly freezes up since the last update (which looks like it might be intentional from Apple to force the Iphone 4 update) the battery life sucks as it spends 60% of its time looking for a signal, it white screens locking up and resulting in waiting for the damn battery to die to reset it, the camera is good, safari crashes a lot, the touch typing is a nightmare and seeing some of the texts you send from this thing to other people will surly make them think your drunk as they are so garbled. The browser on the Iphone (Safari) is a decent browser but from some reason even with a good signal it just sucks on the iphone, also for some reason it latches itself to whatever wireless wi-fi signal it can get even if you program your settings to only look for certain ones it will still default to a random wi-fi network you cannot connect to and will give you connectivity errors when you launch safari. Even though your on a 3g network that you pay out the backside for from the phone company it will still error out safari or any internet apps until you change the wifi settings back over and over again. I have not found a way to stop it from leeching onto any wifi it can find (yes i changed the setting to disble wifi/programmed which specific wifi spots i want to use) but it still does it. After dropping this phone about a foot from my pocket to the ground on soft gravel the screen cracked, I have never had this happen on any other Ipod/portable device other than my macbook pro which dropped about 2ft rendering the screen useless and caused random light shows etc which bricked the laptop. Also be aware of the protection plans the phone companies have for your Iphone which is nothing. If something burns out within the phone they will fix it, if it gets damaged, screen cracks, falls into water, gets stolen, or any other type of plausible damage you are not covered and have to buy out this piece of junk for another one. Im going to buy out this piece of junk and trade it for a blackberry plan. I think Apple had its time to shine now they are just releasing cheeper makes of thier good products. Iphone is a major waste of time and money. Iphone 4 is worse for holding signals than this one which the same delicate problems as the 3gs as it is the same exact phone with a squareish frame and the same warrenty and damage issues as this one.  As you can possibly tell with the spelling of several words and punctuation this was posted from my Iphone.  I got sick of correcting so I left some of them in.

Item was received in a timely manner and was new in the box. All the documentation was included along with the charger, USB cable, and ear phones. Telephone was unlocked as described and was quick and easy to start using once the SIM card was installed.

For many years the world has longed for a device that would allow them to connect to others such as friends and family, or coworkers via internet while on the go, but weren't able to do so until about 2005 when the iPhone was invented. Throughout the years, the iPhone has been renewed and more efficient with its marvelous usages and captivating features; however, even though the iPhone is very useful for mainly everyone, there are some versions of the cellular device that aren't so great. For example, the iPhone 3GS allows its consumer to surf the web, text, record videos, explore YouTube, capture photos, sync music onto the iPod app, etc., but there are some fallbacks to this device despite the many features. Because of these fallbacks, it would be more convenient for the consumer not to buy the iPhone 3GS in order to avoid frustration, and to just go ahead and buy a slightly more expensive iPhone that allows the consumer to do much more. There's no point in buying a cool gadget that won't stand up to your expectations.When it comes to the iPhone 3GS, consumers expect it to have loads of capacity for their items that they want to store such as: music, contacts, notes, email, pictures, etc. This is not all true because the phone can only support 8 gigabytes meaning there is minimal space when it comes to syncing old stuff onto the new device - there won't be any more room for new stuff. Speaking of minimal space, there are also minimal accessories available for the device that aren't cheap. Since this specific phone isn't as efficient as the iPhone 4, less people are buying the 3GS therefore making the accessories more obsolete. Because the phone is becoming obsolete, there aren't as many choices to choose from when it comes to buying phone cases or other accessories. Phone cases for this phone are very hard to find in a Target or WalMart making the consumer having to buy accessories online, which is an inconvenience, however much cheaper. Not to mention the fact that the iPhone 3GS doesn't have FaceTime, an implanted app on the iPhone 4 that is a convenient way to chat with other iPhone 4 carriers, flash, minimal ways to take pictures, limited space, and the bulkiness of the phone. The 3GS carriers are forced to take pictures one way - the standard way - without flash. They are also not able to face chat with others because there isn't a double screen allowing them to see who they're talking to; the  carrier would either purchase a chatting app and have to face the back of their phone the whole time due to no double screen. The space in the phone runs out quickly making the consumer delete photos, music, or apps to create more space - no one wants make that a habit of. Lastly, the phone is more bulky and round than the other iPhones which makes it harder to find more accessories and phone cases, and even creates an unwanted, large bump in the pocket of the carrier.Because the newer iPhones are coming out with greater a capacity and better efficiency, they are consequently making the older iPhones more obsolete and forgotten. Not that the older iPhones are horrible and cheapy, but they lack the intelligence that the newer ones have attracting less and less of consumers to look at them twice. No one wants a phone with little space for apps and pictures, cloudy, disfigured pictures, phone cases that don't fit, and a fat phone so to speak. With little need to say, there is no competition when it comes to purchasing an iPhone. All of those who have the 3GS are obliged to admit that their phone is a waste of money because it isn't as efficient as the newer iPhones and that they simply need to upgrade. Despite the higher costs, the newer iPhones are much more advanced and convenient for people to use and cause no problems as far as satisfaction. Consequently, new consumers of a smart phone are to be directly appointed to iPhone 4's to avoid all hassles of the older ones.

Condition of the phone was as stated in the posting. Arrived on time, no problems. Phone is locked to AT&T network but did not come with a SIM for their network. I was able to get one for free from my local AT&T store.

It was good and running fine till now, will update later if found any issues. All accessories were received with phone.

Ilike this phone it is so good Ifound it like new just there is no charger but this is not big problem thanks a lot amazon for this great deal

its a great phone but cant send recive pics on it if your a pay as ya go customer,other wise awsome

I was unsure about buying a phone online at first, but I had a wonderful experience with this seller!!! The iPhone 3GS I bought was marked as used, but it looked brand new to me! There's not a scratch or mark on it and the phone has been working wonderfully. VERY quick delivery and I am extremely happy with the product. I have been able to successfully use this iPhone with T-Mobile, MMS messages included, so their unlocking process is sound. I HIGHLY recommend this seller!

After a lot of comparison between vendors selling re-furbed 3G I phones.  I was more than a bit apprehensive of buying something like an I-phone on-line as I have had some rotten experiences with east coast sellers (must be something in the water in RI and NY).As this was destined to be a gift for my struggling nursing student daughter, I decided that Noble Planet had a reasonable return policy and they gave information about the dangers of uploading 3rd party apps and an offer to call them if you needed guidance; THAT is more than a cut above in customer service in my book.The phone arrived in a hurry, it looked almost new and although I didn't have a SIMS card to insert, everything seemed to work.  I charged the unit up and (taking no call status into consideration), the battery held a charge to the point that I gave up satisfied it was in great shape, re-charged it and wrapped it up for my daughter.I am a happy customer and will be back shopping soon!Larry

I bought this phone for my mom, we took it to India. The phone has the charge message but it does not disappear. the phone is not in the working condition. It is sad as it was ordered  from the Amazon warehouse. We were travelling for a year so now I cant even replace it or return it.

The product was amazing and the service from the buyer was also very helpful and AMAZING!! i have no complaints what so ever

I recieved the phone quickly, then I expected and the condition on the phone is very good. The phone was actually in better shape then I expected it be, no scratches,or dents to the screen or phone, actually it looked new. Everything was included as mentioned. My son was able to put in his sim card and it worked immediately. All the apps loaded quicky as well as the internet. So the phone seems to be in good working condition. I am very pleased I ordered the phone on wed october 10th,and got it today oct 15, including weekend. I would recommend this seller, will definately purchase again.

This phone worked for about a week and then started shutting itself off and locking itself while in an application and the power button stopped working.

This smart phone has the features that I was looking for. So far, I am glad with it. Since in live outside the US, this is the device that supports the mobile technology we have in our country. If I get a higher model most of the new features will be useless and I would have wasted a lot of money.

Very good your service, very fast shipping thank you very much all. a friend asked my iPhone software update 3 Gs and stop working, the screen stayed black the only good thing is that the pc recognizes it nothing happens the rest will install more software to see if it was that but nothing to see What will if I take it to an authorized apple make me change me for warranty or repair? I hope answers thanks for your attention.

I have a repair shop in PR and for what I know the iPhone that actually has 8GB is the 3G, the 3GS is 16GB and 32GB. But the 3G 8GB iPhone price is fair.

If you are looking for a factory unlocked (which allows you to update IOS) phone then this is NOT the right phone for you. This is a jailbroken/unlocked phone which works perfectly fine with other GSM networks.

Recieved the phone . Stuck my BTC sim card in. Powered it up, and it worked great. Connected to my ITunes account. a notice popped up saying there is a firmware update for this phone. So I did. Phone does not even power up any more. It's just stuck on the apple.  Can anyone help?  The seller should warn folks not to update

I had been lusting after an iphone for some time before I finally got one at the end of 2010.  Best phone I've ever had.  I cracked the screen within a couple of months after getting it and Apple just replaced the whole phone for me.  Love the product and love the company.  I have no plans of upgrading to the latest and greatest since this older model meets all my needs.  Great phone, would deft recommend to anyone.

the iphone 3 gs is amazing it works well its perfect i have one myself and if you were looking to buy this one well dont , you can buy this phone aboulutely anywere else at a LOWER price ,so dont buy on this website but the phone is a great phone by far!!!!:)

good pone at a affordable Price now.  it is unblocked so you can take it overseas. it was a gift for  csoomeone else and that pperson it happy with it

I am really upset because when i got the phone it wasn't in the original box of the iphone because the serial number on the iphone was different than the box.

We ordered this phone so that we could use it with a T-mobile sim card. When we put in the sim, it didnt work. We took it to the T-mobile store and they told us it wasnt unlocked! isnt worth the time and money.

The phone did not perform as stated. It needed an additonal memory card to make it work. Ask your carrier before buying. They'll make it easy.

I bought this to my sister as a gift and she liked it and has no issue with it. It is working well for her and I am getting more calls from her. :) So I definitely recommend it to anyone who is not tech freak and settles for older versions.

i1 the negative part is UPS their service delivery suck but overall im happy with  the phone just what i was hoping i look more of a business lady it changes my life love it  bought it  a month ago .i  will upgrade next few months  with  iphone 4  when i ll find the right one , the reviews are not so good tho to buy  it with  amazon

The product was in perfect condition...accessories in very good condition .... very fast shipping,The product funsion well in another country, and I really liked the product. Thanks to the seller.

I got a korean one. Took me more than 3 hours on AT&T to unlock it and it still didn't work.

i had bought the iphone 3 to use as an ipod touch but the phone will not restore and will not connect to itunes anymore and it really made me angry and this product was a waste of my time and money

Despite how old is this phone is still better than any number of models from other brands that have come new, I bought as gifts for friends and loved it, nothing bad to say about it.She just inserted the SIM card and started using 3G without problems.

The Iphone 3gs was and its one of the two nicest out of apples products I phone 3gs is perfect for everything thanks to the seller Hugno they are honest and actually took time to take care of it and wrap it up thank you so much for taking such good care of it turned out so wellThank You..

The description said it would have scratches, but it didn't! It looked just like a new phone!! I LOVE IT!

I wanted to give it no stars as the phone was locked and I hjave to pay to get it unlocked. I gifted this to my dad and I feel so bad for giving him a locked phone. I am never buying a phone from amazon marketplace again.Now I shipped the phone back to the seller at my own expense and he won't refund my money back. Buyers please beware of this seller. Do not buy any product from this seller.

Was just like it was suppose to be new sealed in box. Am happy with purchase both phones I ordered work well no issues at this time.

The iPhone 3GS 8GB that I bought was not officially unlocked. It was unlocked via jailbreak and the iOS version was 3.x. This iOS version was completely useless to me considering I wasn't even able to buy anything from the iTunes Store because you have to update your iOS to be able to do that. I knew updating the OS would remove the jailbreak, but I didn't realize it would remove the carrier unlock as well. It did. I spent about 5 hours in absolute hell with shady jailbreaking/hacktivating programs trying to get it to unlock for my carrier. I ended up getting lucky and having an older model iPhone that would actually allow me to fix the problem.If you know you're not going to be able to rejailbreak and reunlock your phone after updating the OS, do NOT do it. Unless you're already using the carrier that the phone is locked to, but you won't know what carrier that is. So good luck.

What can I say - everything on the order worked as expected.  My daughter opened it Christmas morning and was thrilled.  She was sure that she was going to have to wait a couple more months for a regular AT&T upgrade, so this was the highlight of her Christmas.  Thanks for allowing us to be a "good Santa".  The phone has worked fine.

It came in excellent condition and is still working great 8 months later. I recommend it for anyone looking to replace their lost, broken, stolen iphone.

Pros: Easy to use. The WIFI works exceptionally well I was able to surf the NET and Web using the WIFI without a SIM Card inserted.Con: It continues to go in search mode after every phone call or text message.

Hi I bought Apple i phone 3 g. 8 gb. at first i bought 2 but one of them was more crack then what i expected and i retuned to the seller they accpepted. Other one i got  some  spftwear issue. I send back to them and they fix it. i am using this  phone now working good.

Awesome is the word to describe the iphone 3gs, im from Costa Rica and it works really good in my country the phone is unlocked 100%, the delivery was perfect...

I requested an unlocked item!!! It is locked! I am not able to do anything!!! I want to return the item or the unlock code!!

I'm very happy with my purchase, would definitely recommend this vendor. The item arrived even earlier than expected in an excellent condition. It's unlocked, came with a charger. To tell the truth, I've been quite hesitant before ordering because of all those negative reviews and 1 star ratings, but now I'm happy that none of that stopped me from actually ordering this item.

The only thing I have to say about the iphone is, AWESOME! It's like carrying a portable PC in my pocket. There is no end to what I've been able to do with this thing. While the iphone can't do quite everything a Windows PC can do, it's comes pretty darn close.The only improvement I would recommend is a better type of charging/sync connector on future models. I think I would be devastated without my iphone!

i baught this phone march 29th, 2012 and revived it today very quick shipping. I bought a  used one and it looks BRAND NEW !! it is unlocked for tmobile, i was kind of scared wondering if it was going to work or not and it did. this is a great product to buy and i am thinking of buying another one for my mother's birthday.

I got this product quicker then I thought I would. It was in amazing shape and better than what I expected. I have nothing but good to say about the whole process.

Bought this phone for my daughter, says it was brand new, camera has already stopped working. She has only had it for about a month, makes me wonder if it was new or refurbished.

I ordered this iphone 3Gs 8gb which was supposed to be unlocked and jailbroken and it was! I was happy especially after being so skeptic from the other buyer reviews, I was happy to know that I actually got what I ordered. My seller was Ibuy NWA and they gave me the exact product that they described, it wasn't scratched up or cracked, it looked practically brand new to me. I am using it with my t-mobile sim card that I had previously used with my android unlocked phone, and it is working just perfectly! I haven't had any problems yet, in fact I am thrilled and really happy with my purchase! I would definitely recommend this to any other person who is looking to buying an unlocked/jailbroken iphone that isn't terribly expensive. :) (This is also my first iphone)

Everything perfect, time, presentation, etc....., but... comes without headphones, and difficult to claim....To be honest, I'm living outside US and is almost impossible to claim for the headphones

This was one of the best items I have purchased from Amazon!  It came early which I was happy about... and was in great condition!  It works wonderfully and I am very pleased with it!  I actually ordered a second one a few days later because I was so happy with the first one!

my phone broke after a month.. it froze and i couldn't restart it until it died that took a whole day

I bought it on the 14th and was shipped out the next day, I received it within 2 days! Very good communication with this person, he replys very quickly!

When purchased, the headphones didn't work and iphone came with 6.8Gb capacity for free use.Also you can't use it while it's charging,the screen sort of jumps and the apps don't work.It is unlocked and works like a 3gs would while on battery,but you should look around for a cheaper price and other ratings.After a year of purchasing it the power usb cord stopped working.

i was really happy with the iphone 3gs  it was in really good condition and it was unlocked and updated with the newest software  as it was described it arrived on time and i even recieved a free case so the experience was great for me

No need to say much about the phone, we all know about the 3GS by now. I ordered the iPhone as a gift for my cousin who just had his phone stolen. The phone itself works great, especially once you actually get it unlocked.Purchased the phone from JMGM Enterprises Inc, who in addition to the title of the product stating that the phone was unlocked, they added a description that the phone is unlocked but doesn't work on CDMA systems. Even the iPhone box it came in said that the phone is unlocked. To our surprise, when we tried to put a SIM card into the phone it said invalid SIM and the phone was still locked! Couldn't return the phone since my cousin was travelling out of the country so had to pay to get it unlocked.what can I say about Amazon! I called them and told them of the situation and the customer service rep simply asked the cost to unlock the phone (even asked if the amount I gave her was all or if there were more charges!), and she went ahead and processed a refund for the amount. This is the second time this summer Amazon has stepped up when it has clearly not been their fault necessarily. The other time UPS delivered my package to the wrong address and it got lost -- Amazon replaced the entire order and shipped it 2 day express.Just wanted others to be aware that some of the phones sold on here are not unlocked despite the product title and descriptions from the sellers.

The battery you gave me with the phone was bad. Couldn't keep a charge. Only used it 4  days. I would like my money back for this phone. I can't even Unplug it without it dying.

I bought QTY 4 per $314.99 christmas deal from Amazon. Bluetek USA was the vendor who supplied. All of them came with jailbroken unlocked (I guess Iphone 3GS are not factory unlocked by apple). Two of them were missing chargers & two headphones. I called amazon and they told me return but I left a bad review for Bluetek USA who followed up with me saying they were being shipped by Amazon and were surprised that the components were missing. Bluetek USA sent me the missing parts & its all good now.

DO NOT UPGRADE YOUR RUNNING SYSTEM!!! It puts the iphone back into its factory settings and it will be forever at&t locked!!  Be Careful...

I bought this phone and it is really working very fine in India. It is using normal SIM card. all applications are working well.

I am totally satisfied with the phone.  I give it a 5  star rating  The phone is awsome.  Thank you N. Rosado

It came on time, was new, and works perfectly.  I am using it outside of the U.S. and didn't have any problem with purchasing a SIM card and pay-as-you-go plan for the phone.  The Aps I had already purchased for my ipad transfered to the phone as well.  Thanks for the great service.

Let me start by saying I have an iPhone 5. I wanted another cheaper iPhone to put on another line and chose the 3GS. &#34;Used like new&#34; from Amazon Warehouse, and it came with the box and everything. The screen has zero scratches (it had to have had a screen protector from day one), and the back had only very fine scratches. The battery holds a charge well and everything works.Very happy with this 3GS. It updates to the latest iOS 6 so you're not missing out on any apps. For the price, you can't go wrong. Just be sure to buy it from a reputable seller, or better yet, Amazon Warehouse!Note: the phone is LOCKED to AT&T.; Not a problem for me but the description is wrong.

If I knew iPhone benefits before, I would buy this in the past.Also, abe123 is teh best vendor! He helped me a lot. You can trust and buy from him.

It worked awesome and was in great condition. It came with everything needed (headphones and charger). It was a gift for my aunt and she absolutely loved it

I ordered an iPhone 3GS and received a 3G instead.  The 3GS is faster and can be upgraded to a newer IOS, not so with this 3G.  It was a great price for a 3GS so I jumped at it.  It's true what they say, if the price is too good to be true it probably is.  As used phones go it was in excellent shape and works fine it's just not the 3GS advertised.

Good morning, I need to unlock my iphone 3gs buy, since the information was specified purchase, buy it for a gift and now I can not give away. I need to fix this, thanks.

Its unlocked and its much cheaper than the latest iPhone 5 or 4GS.Its working perfectly with AT&T; sim card.Easily synchronized with iCloud.And also getting easily updated from apple.I needed something of high end yet with low price. Samsung Galaxy III or iPhone 5 have too many new features, but who uses those many features?I purchased this phone for my wife who is not so tech savvy, and she is using it very easily and happily.

not happy tried to unlock phone froze my computer , crashed computer the seller didn't tell me you could not unlock phone, got vires from trying to unlock it, not happy !!!!

The phone did not come unlocked but was able to get my rfund in full.I am indeed grateful for that

I purchased this device to use it with a non-AT&T; sim card (Movistar) and it got locked after only a few days in use. And is now not working, and I needed my new phone urgently.Amazon should and MUST make this clear if selling a product with such key element hidden for the product overview.This is not acceptable, and I'm hoping to receive a really official UNLOCKED iPhone device from Amazon and/or Premium Galaxy.

A black berry touch was sent I place of the Iphone3g. I need to rethink on purchasing more products from Amoazom.com

- Battery life is excellent.- The phone is fast. Applications open quickly. Contacts load immediately.I highly recommend this phone.

Awesome old school iPhone 3GS build to last thanks for this item comes on handy as a backup phone for emergency new phones break to easy

Well, I actually bought this phone from FGS Trading, I'm very very happy because it arrived in less time that I expected.This phone is for my son he loves apple products and i saw it and touched it and I'm very glad with this seller cause it really is a factory unlocked iPhone there was no problem with the other companies and the box was with the factory plastic wrap.I would really buy again with this seller I'm very happy.PS: The best phone I've ever seen.Congrats FGS Trading.

Hi i bought this phone it say unlocked phone when i receive it is not unlocked and i can't use it because when i go to Haiti i need a unlock phone to take any sim to use it.over here my sim card is simple mobil.i return the the phone back to where is come from since july 09th.I spork to the guy name Scott Surface his receive it.so now i need my money back please to buy another phone i dont have phone for month now..so please can we put the money back for me on my card.thank you..

Works perfect! Why anyone would need to buy new? Thank goodness for the cloud, everything was backed up! 20yr anniversary photos/videos saved!

I bought this cause i live in Venezuela and i was looking for something unlocked. It was unlocked under ios4, and when i upgraded it, to ios6, it got locked again. I searched for someone who unlock it, and the worst problem is, i dont know which is the original carrier, cause isnt at&t. A big problem for a small cel :s

We recieved the order on time and in new condition considering it was offered as used, my son activited it with a phone plan and it's a go...........again great buy!

Take note that the phone is locked. I bought it because I was sure I could jailbreak and unlock it but it couldn't be done  because my phone's baseband did not have any unlock programs around. However, I had it factory unlocked (cost about $20) so I can use it on any gsm network and update the software and apps over wifi without using my phone's data plan.Shipping was pretty fast. Took about four days. Looks good as new. Wouldn't mind purchasing one again.I'm giving it four stars because the battery life is ridiculous.

I received 3G and it is not working at all, I went to apple store they said they cannot fix it.

I bought an Apple iPhone 3GS. It was shipped promplty and arrived very quickly. All emails were answered within a day. Phone recieved was just like new. Great quality no scratches. Overall great experience and would recommend to a friend.

Everything OK, except for the fact that it cannot be upgraded, so I guess I'll be stuck forever in time with version 4.1. If I update it, it will revert to LOCKED. I cannot download some apps that require 4.2 or later. Otherwise, very nice phone.

iphone 3gs 8G to me is enough, but the stand by time of the battery is noly around 3 days , i think is a little shortand acutally the phone is locked  wiht at

Thank you so much, this phone has so many features. I feel as though I have a Apple IPhone 5. LOVING IT !!!

I am sure that the product is refurbished and that the sale was misleading.To my surprise, when you turn the unit was requested password and appeared the picture of a gentleman.When trying to connect to iTunes, a message appeared that it was not possible to connect to the iPhone "iPhone Francisco's" because it was password locked.I'm from Brazil, I bought a new Iphone unlocked and now I have a used and locked, with great cost to solve the problem created by Wecellstuff.I am sure being a used appliance, which probably was refurbished when it was announced a new!!I ask Amazon to help solve my problem.

This phone came exactly as advertised. It was a bit tricky getting the sim card out but after using a paperclip I was able to get my tmobile sim card in easily and everything has worked perfect. The phone appears brand new.

This product came with a guarantee of 7 days from the time of receipt. Two weeks later it started losing charges and losing 3G then it would not make or receive calls. Ultimately not workable and had to be replaced less than one month after I received it. I hope seller will reimburse me to keep his 5 star rating!Update: I took phone to Apple store where they deemed it unworkable. I bought a replacement phone from them, a new 3Gs for $79. I contacted the seller and asked that they refund me $79 and we would call it even. The seller,had included a instruction sheet with the original phone stating that he would replace phone if I had trouble after the first 7 days but for various reasons I could not do this so I was very pleased that the seller immediately credited $79 to my account. Could not have been nicer and more understanding. Excellent service. I would recommend this seller to anyone. Definitely deserves a 5 star rating!!

Now i am stuck with an Iphone that doesnt work at all (No Sim Installed).. Above all, the Iphone case marked 16GB on it and it turned out to be 8GB. I do not know how you can sell something that is NOT working and isn't the correct product. So now for me to return ur stuff from my third world country will cost me too much. Im stuck with it!

well i ordered the phone and it got here in 4 days, fast delivery. The only problem is it wasent the phone i brought, i ordered a 3gs iphone and recieved a 3g iphone, not happy

I got the phone and I went to activate it and nothing.  Spent an hour on the phone with AT&T and then another hour at the store.  Then spent 30 mins at the Apple store.  THANK GOD it was still under warranty.

I ordered a iPhone 3G 3GS once received. The 3GS is faster and you can upgrade to a newer IOS, not with this 3G. It was a great price for a 3GS. I used the phones shipped in disrepair and not working properly, not the 3GS was announced.Ped&iacute; un iPhone 3G 3GS una vez recibido. El 3GS es m&aacute;s r&aacute;pido y se puede actualizar a una nueva IOS, no con esta 3G. Fue un gran precio para un 3GS. He utilizado los tel&eacute;fonos enviados en mal estado y no funciona bien, no el 3GS fue anunciado.

The battery of the phone doesn't work well and the problem is that I live in another country, and I do not know how to do with the guarantee!

We received the phone in record time! A month before the expected delivery date. The phone is perfect as described. We couldn't be happier. Would do business with again!!

Good opportunities for shopping phoneThe more important is the priceVery shipperI will recommend this shopThanks for you sale

The iPhone  3gs from Amazon.com Warehouse was as described like new. It arrived in an apple original box with shrink wrap. It booted  right away. All functions worked as supposed to. The phone came with new generic charger, usb cable, and headphones. The only  missing item was the sim removal tool which was no problem as I used a paper clip to eject the sim tray. The owners manual was also included. After a month of daily use, I'm satisfied with my purchase. The only thing that I have noticed is the home key needs to be pressed hard to respond and also  the battery life is not that great. These issues are normal and expected from an old phone.

Was kept in pristine condition since it was contained in a Otter-box case......phone works very well so far........great purchase fast transaction!!!

Bought this phone as a replacement for my aging family member's first smart phone. Upgrade to IOS 6.0, put some old songs and videos on it, installed Skype and everything works out just fine.

This phone is great I got it as a gift for someone so we can I message without and phone service connected. It works great for that and it also does everything else like all the apps e mail everything except make phone calls which is fine I got magic jack for that. Unlimited messaging for $0 a month cant beat that. Thanks Apple if only everyone knew you could I message for free. If you message is green it is using your phone service if it is blue it is the free service from Apple just a helpful hint.

I got this phone for myself for my birthday and it was supposed to come unlocked for anywhere in the world and it was not which means now either i have to send it back, or get it unlocked myself.the good part about it  is a really nice phone it came already up graded with the newest software and other than being locked to AT&T; it was fine and i am in love with a phone i cant use

I am buying this for my parents who have little knowledge of smartphone, and they fell in love with it at first sight. The learning curve is easy and they can use Chinese OS without any problem. And they love the feature to input Chinese characters with handwriting. They are bit worried whether they can use it back in China, but when they are really in China, they just insert the SIM card from China Mobile, and wait patiently for about 10 minutes to search for the signal (I don't know why it takes that long), voila, they are connected! It is already unlocked and jailbroken, exactly what we expected from it.The only caveat is that you have to turn off the wireless service unless you really want to pay for more than 100 RMB / month for it. iPhone will turn on wireless service automatically and you have to go to China Mobile's local office to turn off the wireless service capability on your SIM card.

I bought this phone hoping this is a good deal for a new Iphone 3GS BUT BUT BUT .... when I recieved i found out that it is an old refurbished phone. I said ok, i am fine until it is in working condition. Later I figured out that the charger supplied with the phone is not working and I ended up charging by connecting USB to laptop. I was fine until that also. BUT later I figured out that its audio port is also not working and on top of the headphone received with iPhone is also not working. This made me worried a bit as I am able to figure out new issue with the received IPHONE 3GS with every use.I won't recommend this device. Please buy 4S from apple for 200 dollar instead of buying defective device for 100 dollar or buy from any other seller.

Bought from Platinum Galaxy, the phone is good, got unlocked version as advertised. But all the accessories power dock, USB power adpter, Headset are not genuine Apple ones. I had a minor problem with USB power cable, very much unhappy about not getting genuine apple headset.

It was not what I expected It was not what I expected It was not what I expected It was not what I expected It was not what I expected It was not what I expected It was not what I expected .dthth rgretgre fgd dfg gdr gsdg wtt ggrg gsdgds rgrfgtgrg fdhgdf gg ffds tr fgb hgy dedf jhjhg

This product came brand new and just as the company described.. It also shipped on time and I have nothing but great reviews for this company..

I could not switch my sim card to phone due to it was locked and cannot access. Would have to buy another plan instead of using mine.

product was not as described and is not fully fuctioning. speakers dont work, does not vibrate, contacted company they want me to ship back at my cost then they will decide to replace it. I can go that long with out a phone.

I ordered my new iPhone 3GS, and once I ordered it , I had some questions. I was able to contact the seller and was  pleased on how helpful and friendly they were. Also my phone came much quicker than expected for a $5- shipping. I was very happy with my purchase.

I ended up ordering two of these phones to use with a local carrier.  We loved them.  To be honest I kind of like the shape of it more than the new iPhones.  Even though we purchased it used, you would never be able to tell it was.  VERY happy with the purchase.

Unfortunately I restored this phone 3 days ago and now it's locked again. I have an Iphone 4 factory unlocked now and have restored 2 times and it worked perfectly. Now I want to sell this one, restored and is locked. Phone worked ok while used with original software, once it was restored is as useful as a brick. Not funny.

I got this iPhone to replace my old broken one and it works great. I had everything from my old phone backed up on my mac book air and it transferred everything without any problems. It took me about 5 min to get my new iPhone 3GS to work (be able to receive calls/texts) at home on my computer. Works how it's supposed to without any problems.

Absolutely perfect...matches with all the specifications as was mentioned in the description. I am really happy to have the product.

On July 2, 2012 I bought an Iphone 3GS through AMAZON, sold by &#8220;WECELLSTUFF&#8221;. I bought it &#8220;UNLOCKED&#8221; because I did not want to be attached to any service provider.(Order #103-5547193-9485860)I was happy with my IPHONE 3GS, but recently when I tried to update the IOS software I discovered an &#8220;IMPORTANT NOTE&#8221; in the box from &#8220;WECELLSTUFF&#8221; saying the following:&#8220;THE 3 SERIES IPHONE IS UNLOCKED WITH SOFTWARE. DO NOT UPDATE THE OS OR FACTORY RESET THE PHONE USING ITUNES OR YOU WILL WRITE OVER THE UNLOCK SOFTWARE. MAKE SURE TO SAY &#8220;NO&#8221; TO ITUNES WHEN IT ASKS TO UPDATE AND CLICK &#8220;DO NOT ASK ME AGAIN&#8221;.I also noticed an AT&T; sticker on the box even though is an &#8220;UNLOCKED&#8221; iphone.Now when I try to download an APP the iphone ask me to update the IOS software because the APP&#8217;S do not run on the old IOS, so now I have an impaired iphone.Please help me open the &#8220;LOCKED&#8221; portion of my iphone I honestly bought in order to be able to correct this issue and bond to my original intention that was to buy an &#8220;UNLOCKED&#8221; iphone not an impaired iphone.I believed in fair play and as consumer I have my rights, therefore &#8220;WECELLSTUFF&#8221; should advertise their iphones as &#8220;UNLOCKED AND UNABLE TO BE UPDATED&#8221;, so you can make the decision to buy or not, or better to advertise their iphones giving the customer the information about the &#8220;IMPORTANT NOTE&#8221; before the purchasing process.

I broke my iphone3GS and needed a replacement; this worked great until I could get my other one fixed. It is still my backup for when mine breaks. The only downside is that you cannot update it like a regular iphone or else it won't work. Worked perfectly for what I needed it for, as I couldn't afford to get out of my plan.

The iPhone comes with basic accessories and very good quality.The iPhone in excellent condition and operating full. 100% recommended.

Not only is the phone in excellent condition, but, also, when the charger worked only occasionally, the company sent, without cost, a new one that they tested first to make certain it functioned consistently.  I have ordered two items from Cali-Wholesale - Amazon Marketplace and will do so again -- without hesitation.  I cannot rate them higher!!

This product does not seems to be refurbished by professional manufactor, rather possibly a repair shop.not recommended to be purchased, rather buy a clean used phone than these refurbished garpage..

The phone came in great condition. Battery life is good, no scratches, and all the original accessory. Everything works great so far. I would get another iPhone from this seller in a heart beat.

The phone its in perfect conditionsIt didnt come with the box or any accesoriesThe manual its not here

I absolutely could not function without my iPhone! I have a desktop and a laptop computer, but I do 95% of all web and e-mail functions from my phone; it is so very convenient. I had concerns about the ease and simplicity of navigation before owning one, but I quickly discovered that navigation is ingeniously simple and quicker than I anticipated. Like any product however, it does have its drawbacks. The battery life is horrible, even on the days that it's used minimally. I understand that most if not all smartphones have a rather dreary battery life, but one would speculate that Apple of all people could do a bit better. It is also not possible to "make" your own ringtones as was the case with my previous phones, and that is a bit of a bummer. There are available apps specifically for this purpose, but I've yet to find one that I like. The bottom line is that the good FAR outweighs the bad, and the iPhone is the most amazing phone out there,  hands down!(I feel that it is important to note that my iPhone was NOT purchased through Amazon in any way. My husband purchased mine at our local AT&T; store.)

i order this iphone 3GS from May 14 until now and i still can not get my stuff~so if u see what i m typing dont buy this stuff~

Package arrived early, the product came well packaged and fully functional. Awesome buy, I'm very happy that it was all legitimate  :D

I've had this phone for more or less three months and I have to admit that the 3GS experience is immaculate. From the user interface to the app store with everything you could possibly ask for and much more- I am more than happy with my purchase. I personally like the 3GS model more than the 4G due to the build of the phone. I feel that the 3GS withstands more usage/physical damage than the 4G with is composed of a mostly glass surface.The only reason why I'm giving this phone a 4/5 stars is because it tends to heat up excessively after 3-4hour video chat sessions on Skype. But nonetheless, this is still the best phone to ever exist!

In the beginning i wanted to return this iphone because the back cover cracked, but since the price is reasonable i decided to keep it and the iphone is still working well.

I received the phone in two days. Thanks to Amazon prime. The phone is unlocked one as mentioned in the specification. Unfortunately, the Home button is not working. I've raised a request to return the item now. Very disappointed.

The product I got was not sealed. It's touch screen stopped working with-in 2 weeks of delivery. Unfortunatly i was not in US, So couldn't get replacement. After few days, it stopped charging since issue with the charging socket. I spend more that $100 to get it repaired with in 2 months of delivery. I will not recommeded to buy it.

I'd be willing to change my ratin to a 5-star rating, because the phone works great. I'm using it as an iPod and it has a great battery life. My only issue is how it was packaged, the power chord was just loose in the bag and not protected. When I cut open the package, the chord got in the way and was damaged beyond repair.If he seller is willing to send me a new charger, and promise to be more careful in packaging the chords in the future, I would love to change my rating to 5-stars.

the battery was swollen but luckily i had my old iPhone 3gs battery and motherboard so I switched them now i have an iPhone 3gs fixed and working and unlocked.thank best price but now it works great.thank for sending it fast.

Thank you for this phone, my daughter is 8 and I needed a phone for her to &#34;play&#34; with instead of stealing mine always.  Great condition and great price.

This product doesn't include any official or seller's warranty!I bought it for my mom in China in december 2011. I gave it to her in Feburary 2012. After my mom using it for only one week, it didn't work anymore! ( Of course she didn't update the software or dropped it) My mom told a friend (who came to USA in June) to bring it back for returning or fixing.In order to find a warranty (which I thought every electronical product will have), I contacted the seller, sent him many emails and called him, but he just ignored me!!!Thus, I took it to a repair shop, and they said its word stock was broken. The repare fee was expensive, so I contacted the seller again to make some compromises. I wish they could afford part of bill. However, they ignored me AGAIN!!!I still can't believe I met an iphone without warranty and I met a seller without politeness! A terrible expirence!!

I received this Iphone 3gs hoping that it is unlocked as advertised, but in fact it was not. My T-Mobile sim was not working on this phone.In addition, the box was full of scratches and seemed to be a used one. The documentation was not included in the box, however it should go with some docs. The protection tape on the screen and back seemed to be not original. I'm returning the phone back. This is the worst experience I've had with Amazon.

Product was as new and functional as stated by the retailer. Came with all the needed accessories and has been a joy to use since! No issues, no bad surprises... Definitely worth every cent!

Received brand new in the box. Ordered a few days before Christmas and it made it here in time. Love that it came updated with all the new software even though it's a 3GS. Great starter smart phone for my mom, she loved it!

UPDATE 5 27 14:  The battery tends to wear down faster than my older handsets.  Why, when this is supposed to be a brand new phone, not factory reset, not refurbished?!!!  Also, there is a delay when using the touch screen at times, which leads me to think I have possibly been mislead and that perhaps the phone is not new as it was advertised.  Everything looked new, no scratches, all the right stickers and film in the right places but I am having these issues with the phone.  It is disappointing.  When I slide my fingers to zoom or just scroll the screen, sometimes it doesn't want to.  I keep my phone impeccably clean, using anti-static and cleansing wipes specifically made for electronics.  This should not be occurring.  Now that I have all my data on the phone, I'm reluctant to return it and start all over, although I should.  The inconveniences are minor as long as they don't get worse.  Well, this drops the rating down a star to '3' from '4'.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  Well, I was able to set up the phone, sync photos and music onto it and tried a few test calls.  I've also successfully hot spotted the phone's internet to my computer and all seems fine...so far.  In fact, I'm using the phone's internet connected to my notebook right now, writing this review.  I'm more than 3 hours in and the phone is not hot and everything appears to be great.  I've even ordered and downloaded a few MP3's to add to my music library.Hopefully this will last a few years like the previous models I purchased directly form AT&T; corporate.  I know this is old technology. but it works and my last 2 phones were the same model.  When my phone unexpectedly went up a few weeks ago, I was able to put the Sim in an older 3GS handset and keep it moving.  Now that I've ordered and received this one, I have retired the old handset again, just in case I need it, again.I ordered directly from AMAZON, LLC, so that if I had any issues, they'd be more willing to work with me instead of having me deal with a vendor.  Some vendors are top notch but some are not and electronics, even outdated ones, are too expensive to take chances.  It was a big enough risk to order from anyone other than AT&T; directly as far as I'm concerned.I'm glad my experience was a good one and hope it continues to be.

I bought this as an emergency back up when I broke my phone and I was still four months away from an upgrade.  It was cheaper than buying a newer model, I was already familiar with its operation and I wouldn't have to deal directly with ATT which I hate.

Hi, I got the phone today. However, in the package, there is no AppleEarphones with Remote and Mic. Would you try to check with it and send methe earphones? I'll leave at the end of December.Thanks,Jianshan Shen

it works perfectly for a week, but later I update it to ios 6.0 and then the phone shows "no service"... si if you wanna buy this phone leave it in 5.1.1 firmware or you gonna use just as a ipod touch until find a solution for this issue...

I love this phone, If you don't mind not having a front facing camera, and apple not allowing you to upgrade to ios 7. This phone has taken some tumbles too and unlike the iphone 4 it never broke the glass. It works with straight talk, which i love. Way cheaper than Sprint or Verizon. The only thing that's happened in the year i've had it was the external volume controller popped out. Just upgrading to a 4 now but i will be keeping this phone in case of something occuring to my new phone.

You should be aware that the 3GS was discontinued by Apple when they released the iPhone 5 in September of 2012.You need to read the ads from marketplace vendors and be aware of the various types of "unlocks" and what "new" means. Not all vendors use these terms the same way (they mostly want you to think it is "no headaches" factory unlocked when in fact it may not be).* "Factory unlocked" should mean shipped unlocked by Apple itself - after all, Apple is the "factory". You should be aware that the ONLY USA-authorized, factory (Apple) unlocked iPhone 3GS was the 8gb model with model number MC637LL/A. If you have a 16gb or 32gb or an 8gb with part number MC640LL/A, they might be CARRIER unlocked, or SOFTWARE unlocked (hacked), but they aren't "factory" unlocked. Apple stopped selling factory unlocked, 8gb iPhone 3GS models when they introduced the iPhone 5 in September 2012. The 4 became the new entry-level, factory unlocked iPhone at $450 (Apple had been selling the unlocked 3GS for $375). You might still be able to get Apple refurbished unlocked 3GS's in typical Apple "new" condition (albeit factory refurbished).* "Carrier unlocked" is not a commonly used term because "factory unlocked" is what most buyers want to hear, and if a seller is honest and the phone is carrier unlocked instead of factory unlocked, they will usually just say "unlocked" (not say "factory unlocked"). Unlocked phones (carrier unlocked) do not require "activation" and will take any GSM sim (standard size). The operating system can be upgraded to the latest bug-fix or feature enhanced edition without any risk of "freezing" or "re-locking" your phone.  Carrier unlocked is perfectly legitimate, but usually encountered in used or refurbished phones since AT&T;'s official policy is to only sell "on contract" phones that permit unlocking only after the 2 year contract has been paid in full; even then they restrict unlocking to existing and former customers, and you have to put an AT&T; sim in to unlock it. If you are buying a phone that has been carrier unlocked in this fashion, it is usually not technically new (at a minimum) or actually used in retail service ("used"). Some vendors load programs onto their "new", "in box", "factory accessoried" 3GS phones so the customer takes the final step in unlocking the phone, placing it into service only by the customer. Those vendors do not provide step by step instructions on how to activate the phone, but generally you should try putting your non-ATT sim into it and just proceed until you get a message that the phone has been unlocked before proceeding with a factory restore and/or iOS updgrade (your phone, if new, should probably come with 5.0 or 5.1, depending on how long it sat on the shelf). After you get the unlock message, you should do a "restore" first, to clean out the OS from junk programs and anything else, then upgrade to iOS 6.0. If you got a legitimately "carrier unlocked" phone your phone won't become re-locked to AT&T.;* "Unlocked" is an ambiguous term that can mean factory unlocked, carrier unlocked, or, heaven's forbid, jailbroken, depending on the honesty of your vendor. As mentioned above, unless you get a rare Apple online store true "factory unlocked" 3GS, it is more likely you will have a "carrier unlocked" 3GS, also perfectly valid. A "software unlocked" or "Jailbroken" phone is a major problem and a misrepresentation (unless the vendor spells out it is jailbroken or software unlocked) - the operating system has been hacked to unlock it from AT&T;, so you have a possibly compromised operating system, and if you upgrade to a newer version of the iOS (which is essential to preserve security) it once again locks itself to AT&T.;  You should not accept an iPhone sold to you as "unlocked" if it has been software hacked / jailbroken. Yes, I know that freedom-of-software advocates are in favor of software unlocking to permit wifi hotspotting and non-Apple Store approved Apps, but unless you know what you are getting into - and my point is that you have a RIGHT TO CLEARLY KNOW what you are getting into - a software unlocked iPhone should NOT be sold as "unlocked."* "Software unlocked" or "Jail broken" phones some in two degrees: a software hack has been used to just unlock the phone from AT&T.; The downside here is you can never update the iOS without re-locking the phone to AT&T.; Unless you are an AT&T; customer (existing or former), AT&T; won't unlock the phone. If the phone has been reported as stolen, AT&T; won't unlock the phone. The operating system has been "exploited" by a hack that may or may not leave it more vulnerable than a factory or carrier unlocked phone. Jail broken goes one step further - you can buy apps from outside the Apple Store. In other words, additional parts of Apple's operating system have been hacked. There are tons of people walking around with hacked iPhones, but you have a right to know if you are going to be one of them, and if a phone is advertised as unlocked, it should be factory or carrier unlocked - completely safely, no future headaches unlocked.* Finally, there is "new" and there is factory warrantied "new." No vendor I have seen is willing to assure the buyer that the "new" phone will have a warranty honored by Apple, since they are essentially being sold as new in a "gray" or "secondary" market (carrier overstock, for example). I have heard that Apple will honor the warranty based on when the phone was first placed in service - activated - but there could be problems based on the age of the "new" phone. A "new" 8gb edition is likely to be chronologically younger than a "new" 16gb or 32gb 3GS. Carrier unlocked overstock only becomes problematic because you are probably NOT buying it from an actual AT&T; outlet (company or independent store) but from a generic re-seller - so does Apple count it as being "placed in service" when YOU activate it, or when  the generic re-seller purchased it from the authorized phone store? If the path from authorized phone store to gray marketer is quick, this might not be a problem, but keep it in mind. This may also explain why the last step in carrier unlocking is often programmed to take place when we, the ultimate user, buy the phone and begin setting it up, instead of when the generic re-seller purchased it as carrier overstock. Also note that some vendors explicitly state that the serial numbers on the cartons might not match the serial number on the phone, due to their need to program the phone to unlock itself when you activate it (carrier unlock request, a legitimate process not a hack). I find that dodgy. The "new" box might have been opened, but there is no reason not to put the phone back in the same box it came with.Now that your head's about you explode and you have decided to suffer under a 2 year contract with AT&T;, or buy a $450 factory unlocked iPhone 4 from Apple, there are actually some good reasons for buying a "new" "unlocked" 3GS while they are available now for about $200 -+ They are a fine iPhone that will run iOS 6.0. They ran 5.1 fine, and my first "new" "unlocked" 3GS is humming along and making my daughter happy running 6.0. When you are going to give the phone to a kid, saving more than 50% for a slightly dated (but far from obsolete) iPhone is great. She can check Facebook, send messages, check email, browse, using the (presently slow but soon to be upgraded) T-Mobile "Walmart" plan for only $30 a month. That's incredibly cheap compared to any AT&T; plan, and even cheaper than the $45 Straight Talk plan. So I save money both on initial purchase price and on monthly fee. If I wanted unlimited talk, text, and messaging, I can get then under the Walmart family plan from T-Mobile for only $50 per month (post paid, so more with taxes though!) or from Straight Talk, which buys their time from AT&T; so you have AT&T; quality at prepaid, $45 per month bargain rates (note that T-Mobile currently only delivers 2G speeds but will be up to 3G speeds by the end of the year or early next year, as they "re-farm" frequencies to bring them inline with iPhone capabilities, while Straight Talk uses AT&T; so you get 4g speeds RIGHT NOW - but only 3g on the hardware limited 3GS phone).+ I like the look and feel of the iPhone 3GS - the curves - more than the 4, 4s, or 5.+ Battery life is good.- + Screen is NOT Retina - so I won't be reading books on my forthcoming replacement 3GS (the one I ordered for me) BUT I carry an iPod Touch for that - it lets me conserve my phone battery to have separate devices.- There is no front facing camera, so no FaceTime, but on my wife's 4s FaceTime is herky-jerky anyway so once the novelty wears off, the actual functionality is not good anyway.+ I like the "lower mugger profile" of the 3Gs compared to a 4, 4s, or 5 - you can rate each of the iPhones yourself on the urban crime, muggability index of your choice. The 3GS gets the job done without attracting undue attention, esp. overseas for me where it provides slightly less, but more than adequate performance - and let's face it, in Asia the bandwidth isn't always that great, so you are balancing bandwidth delays against operating system/hardware delays anyway.+- The camera is autofocus with a flash, and 3 megapixels beats the .7 megapixel (less than 1 megapixel!) of my iPod Touch any day of the week. If you want pro-level pix, you need the iPhone 5. (The 4 has 5 megapixels, the 4s and 5 have 8 megapixels).I recommend against a used unit. I bought a used unit last year. It was jailbroken, so couldn't be updated from 5.0 to 5.1 without paying another software unlock fee, and it was completely linted up at the earphone - clean glass and back, but obviously used hard, even for its "like new" rating (the like new applied to cosmetics not extent of use). For the small difference in money, "new" right now, during this brief window when retails outlets are dumping their overstock, is much better imho. The other alternative would be a refurb from Apple, unlocked obviously, or a factory unlocked 4.Finally, my primary personal phone stateside is a Google Galaxy Nexus running Android 4.1; I sold my first "used" 3GS to an overseas friend, bought a second, "new" 3GS for my daughter here last month(the Android system gives her headaches); and the my third foray into iPhones from Amazon is another "new" 3GS from Tablet Distributors (Fulfilled by Amazon). (The first "new" "unlocked" 3GS from Tablet Distributors did not unlock successfully so I am returning it for another).

I bought to noble planet a iphone 3gs black 8gb refurbished.Works excellent and looks like new. Unlocked and with JB.I Reccomend to read the seller description before placing a order.

Compr&eacute; el tel&eacute;fono porque dice que est&aacute; desbloqueado pero es mentira!, estaba bloqueado y tenido que pagar mas de $60 para desbloquearlo. No est&aacute; bien !I bought the phone because he says it is unlocked but it's a lie, was blocked and had to pay over $ 60 to unlock it. It's not right!

The product originally had an issue with software so I contacted the seller and returned it. Revived Cellular immediately took a proactive approach and identified the problem immediately. They not only fixed the problem but their swift action and communication was pleasantly unusual and very professional. I chose to receive the phone back instead of taking the refund (I had a choice)and restored all of my data as if it was never missed. I would strongly recommend Revived Cellular as a quality company and will offer my referrals to anyone who's interested in making a purchase with them. Thanks guys and I'm really happy with my experience.Sincerely,A.N.

I took the cell phone to have it activated and the phone sales rep told me that the Sim card carriage is missing.the phone is filled of scratches and bruises. I cannot use the cell phone untill the parts is installed which I do not have. I Need the seller to fix this problem, thank you.

very nice service, fast delivery, product as describein short best experiencethat's allevery thing in thatvery very much good experience

It is my 3rd used (like new) phone from amazon ware house, and all of them were in like new condition with all accessories in new condition.the iPhone itself was locked but it was not mentioned in description. I unlocked it and jailed.thanks to this seller!definitely 5 stars

I just received my iPhone GS and i am in lovewith it.It has all the features a person could expect and ithas been unlocked by Apple. I called them and tookout the Apple Care program on it.I like this phone so much,I just ordered another one as a spare.Lightning fast shipping from the seller A+++++++

The phone I received was exactly what was expected.  In the condition it said it was and works perfect.  I am extremely satisfied.

I purchased this phone to replace my old 3GS when it died on short notice and I didn't want to renew my phone contract for another 2 years with my carrier.  It works great and I have not been disappointed.  Shipping was very fast, I would definitely recommend this seller.

Really regret making this purchase. I CHARGE $ 150 for unlock. This can not be. Now I have to use the phone only for calls because I can not update it or pay $ 150 to unlock it.

I travel to Brazil with that phone. Nobody could repair. I spent more than 400.00 Reais (200 Dolars)trying. I left the iPhone 3gs there. Very stress situation.I did not want return because the phone was long time with me. Be careful for do not buy lies. The Amazon site is good the people that use the site to cheat others, will go to hell.

Paid extra to get it unlocked.. The phone was in great condition but was not unlocked. Worked well but had to pay extra to unlocked ... i will not buy it agan...

I think it's the best phone in 100$ price range....  It's simple to use and works fine........ Battery life could be better......

This phone is very difficult to charge. Also have to reboot it 3-4 times a day because it keeps freezing.Very disappointing for being a Christmas present and being a new phone and not a refurbished one.

I should have known that a model Apple has not offered for sale for 18 months or more would not still be available as a new phone, but I wasn't thinking. The ad said &#34;NEW&#34;. What the ad MEANT was &#34;new to this website&#34;. I complained to Amazon about deceptive advertising practices and they listened and helped me out. Amazon is a good company to do business with, and I should know, I buy a lot from them. The phone is a VERY well done refurbish. It looked brand new, in original packaging, with all accessories. I took it to my carrier for a new sim card and I was up and running. It works great, looks great, we installed a screen protector (Zagg) and covered it with an Incase Slider cover and you cant tell it isnt a brand new phone. HOWEVER, you cant buy any warranty or insurance from Apple or your carrier because it will have been previously used and is beyond the warranty / insurance time limit.If you want it for a teenager or an older person for the apps and phone it's perfect and reasonably priced. If you want it for web surfing or newer games etc. get a 4S or the 5

Well it's used and it's got scratches and cracks and the some of the buttons take a little effort to get to work, but it works and that's all that matters with a used phone.

great phone to my sister she love the phone my sister got a blackberry and she trow tho the garbage a son she got this phone
