
when i get this phone it didnt ring and it had water damage on it and i had to take the battery out the phone just to get it to work

i purchased this phone about three weeks ago. when i got the phone if worked perfectly great for a few days until i began getting problems.1. When i try to make a call an i select phone to get keypad to make a call, the phone with return to home screen. and it would keep doing that until i restart the phone. i downloaded an app to optimize the memory but it still does the same and i'm so sick and frustrated with this. sometimes i need to make an important call and the phone would just keep returning to home screen.2. The next problem i'm have is the phone keeps sticking. even though i have an app to optimize the RAM and also another to kill apps, the phone still continue to stick.3. Last night i tried charging my phone but the phone just would not charge i tried using different power outlets but still the phone would not charge. i connected the data cable to see it there was a problem with the cable itself but when i connected the cable to the computer the phone began charging so the problem is with the AC adapter that the cable connects to. This phone is just three weeks old and i have had so many issues with this phone. A friend of mine has the same phone and he has never had the issues like what i'm experiencing.I purchased this phone from Wireless Experts, Inc but it was fulfilled by amazon. I would really appreciate if something could be done about this because i'm really disappointed and angry about this issue.

I got this phone used off of craigslist and I unlocked it myself, so it is essentially the same as what is being sold here.  I use this on T-Mobile US and it works very well.  The only thing I'm disappointed in is that this has no support for T-Mobile 3g while I know that the Vibrant has support for ATT 3g.  Very good phone and I've had no problems with it.

The Captivate is ok in terms of speed and multitasking, but speaking as an iPhone (Jailbreak) user for the last 4 years the andriod OS was rather lack lustre. It is clunky, and not intuitive as everyone leads one to believe. The big big claim that Android plays Flash (even though the most current version is installed) does not play (EPIC FAIL!). Claims that it plays websites without the issues that the iPhone supposedly has is complete and total BULL! I Use Linux for my home computer system, my whole family does, but Android (that uses Linux) seems more like Windows Vista compared to IOS on the iPhone. Don't Believe the Android HYPE! For One Second! iPhone (Jailbroken) THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE! Rooting Better effin deliver, because out of the box it is TERRIBLE! The Captivate in and of itself is an ok so so phone but my GOD the brightness is out of control, even with it's lowest setting would keep the neighbours awake at night (Don't even waste your time with brightness widgets they all fail with a D- on their functionality. One more reason why I prefer the iPhone, It has common sense brightness settings. The only thing I can really brag about on this phone is the display. Apart from that, keep your iPhone folks, Android has about another 5 years to get their act together and smooth out the rough rough rough edges. If and when I get around to rooting this phone I may...MAY! do an update but I wouldn't count on it...

i would totally recommend this phone to anyone. i bought it for a friend overseas and he is in love with it. there is not really a problem with it i wish it was bigger. it seems big on the picture but oh well. nice phone, shipping took regular time to arrive

I bought this phone as a christmas gift for my daughter, I end up loving it as well. The phone has so many cool features and works great!!! The shipment was great also and the best price was at Amazon. My first experience was not good here, but this truly made up for it.

This captivate gave problems with audio after several months of use. Stay away for your own good. I would suggest you look elsewhere, especially in 2014. Look for the Moto G. This thing is ancient.

disclaimer: didn't buy it on amazon and I live in the middle east.CONS:In my country, the reception couldn't be worse with this phone; I don't get many calls and messages even when reception show good ratings.the speaker is very weak during calls (music volume is ok)the gps never locks and i can never use itIt restarts or turns off many times randomlyPROS:looks nicelite weightbuilt quality is goodvery good screenI was very close to smashing it on concrete walls with the frustration it has caused me

At first I was a little nervous about buying the cell phone because I live in Venezuela and wanted to be shure that the cell was properlly unlocked before bringing it to my country.... but nothing to be afraid of!! works perfectly with your sim card and gets the 3G from Movilnet and Movistar.. (If you have any issues with the 3G just set the APN on settings)The cell phone itself blows your mind!! I wont talk about it much because there are excellent reviews about it here... but I'll say good things and bad ones:1) GOOD ONES: The 4 inch AMOLED screen is far up one of the best of the market! android system works great! 16 Gb of memory that ensures you of thousands of apps to download! and I actually got the cell phone UNLOCKED, ROOTED and upgraded to Android Gingerbread 2.3.3!!! (bought from devices now)2) BAD ONES: The only thing that isn't great about the phone itself is that the battery runs out very fast if you use it for videos, games or excessive use of applications. No flash with the camera...Excellent cell phone for new android users like me... very accessible price vs. other cell phones on the market (Especialmente si usan CADIVI!! jajaja) and it was shipped two days after I bought it via UPS!! it arrived like 3 days before the shipping estimate!! I strongly recommend Devices Now as a seller... you won't regret!

I ordered two of these phones, one from here and another from a refurb place. Both of them wouldn't connect to any network, or even find a network, even though they were reading my sim fine. I even went to the AT&T store and the guys there said it was something internal, but tried a new sim anyway. I couldn't perform OS updates (I thought perhaps that was the problem) either because Samsung Kies is a piece of crap. In all, I spent about 4-5 hours messing around with these dysfunctional phones. I searched around a bit and its a problem that a bunch of people have. It sucks being poor and having to buy second hand stuff.

The first person who bought this phone in our family  was my son. This phone is one of the best by price. I bought other one for me and aftrer sIme time  realized that always have in my hands and doing something. Its very easy to chsck emails, weather forcast, go to facebook, skype and to web. Recently my second son got the same.model.and.he is also happy with. One negative side I can notice only is battery cappacity.

This phone is great! Easy to use and really good for a beginner who has never used a smart phone. All the features are easy to get to and the design is simple and you don't have to worry about it being too big in your pocket. Just be sure to put on a good case and it'll be safe. I used the otterbox case. It comes with a lifetime warranty. Otterbox is definitely top of the line phone cases. I feel super safe with my phone in it! Recommend this phone to anyone!

old phone, old software. It tends to freezed with few aplications running. Great quality pics. Also a very good price.

I bought this phone after reading reviews on the display. The display is great however the issue is with the four buttons at the bottom. The menu button doesn't customize for different application. The home button is unresponsive at times and same is the problem with the return button. Battery life is really bad. I fully charged the phone in the morning, by evening the battery was down to 70%. Thats after barely talking for 30 mins and no surfing. Also the packaging was bad with no handsfree or user manual included in the packing.

This is a great smartphone considering its about two years since it was introduce to the market. Granted its not on par with the latest smartphone right now but for an entry level user this is a great starter. It is responsive and the only difference is nano seconds compared to the latest smatphones. OS can be upgraded if you know what you are doing but if not.. dont even try it or you might end up having a cell phone as a paper weight.

This is exactly what I was expecting to receive a beatiful cel with Android from Samsung what else to say.

Solo puedo decir que este ha sido mi primer android y estoy muy contento funciona de maravilla el 3.5 G de movistar en Ecuador.

It works perfectly fine, the price was also good.I think it's performing it's duty. Thanks so so much! I have said quite enough about it.

I bought this for my teenager to use on the Straight Talk SIM plan, and he loves it. It has all the essential features of the newer smartphones, but for a lot less $$. If you want iPhone or Galaxy features with the affordability of Straight Talk, this is the way to go.

hoy recib&iacute; el producto y me llego como si fuera nuevo pero al encenderlo el equipo no tiene audio externo no puedo escuchar los tonos de llamada y tampoco la m&uacute;sica  el audio interno esta bien pero el externo no funcionano se que voy a ser con esto pues vivo en VenezuelaToday I received the product and I came as new but when you turn the computer does not have external audio I can not hear the ringtones music nor the internal audio is fine but the external does not workI will not be with this since I live in Venezuela

About 2 weeks after purchase camera quit working screen is black camera says failed when you take picture bad camera

After shopping around, I decided to go with the Captivate. I'm very glad I did. This phone is intelligently designed, versatile, has a lot of memory, and very few cons. The display is big, bright and crystal clear. I have froyo (2.2) which seems to have resolved a number of problems earlier versions had.One bit of advice: before you download any app or upgrade, read the customer comments. They will usually tell you better than anything else whether that particular app or upgrade is a good one. Some upgrades only install more advertising. It's also a good idea to read permissions.A lot of people have battery drain issues with this phone. Disabling Background Data under Settings/Accounts and sync seems to help with this problem.

muy buen telefono ulra delgado mucho mas q el i900 levanta 3 g perfectamente con movistar venezuela si piensas en cambiar de bb android este es tu telefono noesmuy costoso es ultra rapido con procesador de 1.0 ghz y lo siento masrapidoque el torch 9810 con procesador de 1.2 ghz viene ya con android gingerbread corre sobre rieles

If you have enabled GPS/Wi/sycn the baterry's use ends just only in 20 hrs. Besides this model not includes the face camera

I have a doubt with the product you buy because it did not bring the phone headset. comes or not with the headphones?

La entrega de este proveedor fue como lo dijeron, a tiempo y sin excusas. A pesar que el producto estaba un par de dolares mas caro que en otro lado este proveedor e ha cumplido dos veces muy bien.

I received excellent team .. Connection thanks ... easy to handle and use every day more in love with the team

crab, the worse phone ever... don't get it, no flash, keeps freezing up... slow response, hard to update, maps dont work, etc

phone is excellent.it has 16gb of internal storage.is excellent to use.it is good on batteries.its price was the lowest.i use it as a pay as you go.i do not ever want another contract phone.they really rip you off.when the price comes down for the samsung galaxy 3.i will get that one.it is loaded with internal memory.i was able to examine one.i like it.if i could trade this one in for one,i would do it.what they offer you for this one is much to cheap as this is a excellent phone.i will wait.

This cell phone is advertised as "Unlocked".  Great!  But, sadly when delivered, it was an AT& T World Phone and  was  "locked" into ATT and had all sorts of AT&T stuff on it. Totally useless in this part of the world (western Pacific and SE Asia). Am returning it.  Sellers need to assure that the product is as advertised, or else it's another cyberspace ripoff.  Unlike the ones in the actual stores, this version doesn't even state the country of manufacture/origin.

I'm a Grammi learning to use a smart phone and I really like this one. It does more than I actually need but I &#34;understand&#34; it and am comfortable using it.  I love the touch keyboard and the versatility of portrait/ landscape view screens especially.

el producto trajo el flex de teclado malo, aparte de eso al llamar se escucha un ruido en el audio

Phone arrived fine and has been in use for months now. The battery does not last long, but that is the only major complaint.

Great phone very clear very fast lots of gagets great camera great video needs flash wifi works fine great price. Thanks

This company is formely bluetek usa...they sold me a phone that was advertised unlocked....but it was LOCKED!!!...please becarefulof them!!...after ship;ping they only realised it was locked till they sold it and i reported it to them!...pooooorrrr  services

The phone is excellent, with a variety of downloadable applications, the internet connection is very fast, immediately detects wi-fi areas, the camera has excellent resolution, HD quality video recording, the seller delivers the product on time , arrived at no fault sealing, excellent phone, good price, the best choice I could have done

This guy is selling phones that doesnt work it crashes all the times. I used to use the same brand and model but from another seller and worked perfect.

Phone carries more scratches than expected. The complete phone accessories are not sent along with the phone. The phone software is working fine but not as expected.

after making my complaints about not being able to log my phone via the USB to my computer - i have now come to realize that it is not any fault of the sellers - it is because the phones are AT&T phones and AT&T has locked off that feature from their phones so that you have to download their software - i kept looking for another samsung galaxy captivate phone and all that i have come upon are AT&T phone - therefore i would have the same problem - i wish i would have gotten a CD with the phone so that I would not have been getting all this problem - do wish the sellers would provide me with the CD to the phone

Though the product did not meet my requirements, I was happy that the company made a prompt refund. I was then able to get another product. I would like to order another product from them if and when a need arises.

Great phone. This phone is far superior than anything else in its price range. Samsung is producing arguably the best smart phones available and captivate is no exception. I highly recommend this phone

The seller failed to mention that the charger port was broken. I had so much trouble trying to charge the phone that I had to buy a wall charger for the battery itself. I can't even connect the phone to my computer via usb, which was quite a hassle.

meets my expectations and more, it is light, handy. The music volume is lowered to a level that is almost unheard of, creeo it must be something with the horn. And the lack of the manual is a problem because for me it is a new product and can not handle, so it is a bit annoying.

This is very for its price. I highly recommend it. The specs are great in contrast with the price. The screen quality is pretty good.

Finally I've received this phone. It has come in the original box with all accesories (Charger, Data Cable, Headset and Manual). It's completely unlocked. I'm using it with Movilnet in my country Venezuela, 3G works perfectly, and the internet is very fast (after of configure the APN). I like the screen, the camera, the video in HD, the designed and that it's full touch.The only thing that I don't like is what it has Android 2.1 Eclair versi&oacute;n. I asked to the seller that send me a phone upgraded with Android 2.2 Froyo version or higher, but they did not.Finalmente he recibido este tel&eacute;fono. Vino en su caja original con todos los accesorios (cargador, cable de datos, auriculares y manual). Adem&aacute;s, est&aacute; totalmente desbloqueado. Lo estoy usando con Movilnet en mi pa&iacute;s Venezuela (Puerto Ordaz espec&iacute;ficamente), 3G funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n, y el Internet es muy r&aacute;pido (despu&eacute;s de configurarle los APN). Me gusta la pantalla, la c&aacute;mara, el v&iacute;deo en HD, el dise&ntilde;o y que es completamente t&aacute;ctil.Lo &uacute;nico que no me gusta es lo que tiene Android 2.1 Eclair versi&oacute;n. Le ped&iacute; al vendedor que me enviara un tel&eacute;fono actualizado con la versi&oacute;n Android 2.2 Froyo o superior, pero no lo hicieron.

samsung galaxy i897This is a good cell-phone, the only objection is that I bought a totally unlocked item and I found out that I'm not able to use the "wifi tethering" function because it says "invalid sim", as far as I'm concerned this function has been blocked directly by fabric and I would like some help to fix this issue, is it possible!?

For those who don't want to spend alot of money getting an unlocked android phone, and don't really care which version is on it, this one is sweet. Sure, it's an older phone with older hardware and running 2.3 Gingerbread, and that's as good as it's going to get with this phone, but something like 60-70% of the phones out there are running it too. It does it's job and does it well. It was a top of the line phone when it came out and even though it is a bit older now, most folks wouldn't even notice. We actually bought this one to replace an iPhone that my boy was using, but since "Daddy" has an Android, he wanted a little green robot too, which is super sweet because now we can text eachother for free and use other G products to communicate, something that couldn't happen when he had the "other" phone. I actually ran this phone for about 6 months when it first came out and it is rock solid. One thing that you will want to remember is that it is on 2.3. I did root and install ICS on one and to be honest it doesn't have the horsepower or battery for it. Just know it is what it is.

Bought this Captivate from Cell Lounge. It is a great phone and the screen is fabulous compared to my old Nokia. The reason for the two stars is that although the phone is new, Cell Lounge shipped it with a two year old battery, manufactured in 2010. The useful life of a typical Li-ion battery is from two to three years max from the date it is manufactured. Although it charges and the phone works, I will be lucky if it lasts over a year. This battery should be considered expired.

If you would like to have the best phone of the world, buy this one!!!It has 1 Gz of processor, and like 17 gb included in its internal sd, like 512 mb of ram, this phone is veeeery fast, I installed the "Firefly" rom it is very beautiful and estable. The phone has Bluetooth, wireless, it can provide wireless as well, GPS, and a lot of things more.

had some issues with the sound  which made it hard to hear when talking or receiving a phone call but worked otherwise

Supplanted by the 2S, 3S and soon the 4S - the S is showing it's age.  A bit slow, only gets to the 3G networks.  But compared to the base phone we were using when we bought this one, it is a whole new world.  We plan on getting a 4S when the prices drop in a few months.

Excelente! El producto lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado. Pr&aacute;cticamente esta nuevo, sin ning&uacute;n detalle de importancia. Exactamente como lo describi&oacute; el vendedor.

Worst phone ever waited almost a month and phone still don't work as good as it suppose to it sucks

had the att phone unlocked by local mall merchant but still does not work with my service provider. stuck with a pretty paperweight. i am very disappointed.

This is an excellent Android phone, but after 3 days of use the loudspeaker stopped working.Because I live in Central America, returning the phone will cost me money and time, so this a very disappointing situation.I have some technician skills so I open it to see what was the problem and I took a video:[..]I hope this can be useful.

I have  ordered samsung galaxy and the shocking thing is i have not got Data cable and Hands free,whom should i call,can anyone guide me?

price was ok,has 2gb internal memory.did take out the 2 year trade warranty .slim design fits in pocket better.

I am learning new app to use on this phone everyday. I use it for a Kindle reader, so I don't mind having to wait. I keep up on all my reading and more....AWESOME phone....

I bought this phone because it has all the futures I wanted to have and it was the most convinient price wise. After using it for a while these are the pros and cons I have observedProsAll futures included (GPS, Bluetooth, wifi, etc)Screen size, I use reading glasses and the screen size is just rigth.Screen brigthness, very nice pictures. It beats Iphone any timeMost apps work perfectly (remote control,Camara, nice pictures and video with good ligthBattery last almost 48hrs with ligth use and easiy goes trough the day with heavy use.Andorid OS and market placeInternal memory and expansion with micro SDConsRadio app is not working, spec mentioned radio RDSWidgets apps don't workProccesor and/or memory are not good enough to run heavy apps such as Netflix, etc. I am avng to remove the battery at least once a week to unfreeze the phone when a heavy app stop responding.GPS sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't, not sure why.Overall I like the phone but I am not in love with it. Perhaps it was worthed to spend and extra $100 to buy a more advanced phone.

The cell phone unlocked and published it received blocked. data cable does not work. the case is broken. That should put it in the release to be aware of what you buy.

Nice android phone even though this is an old model the person I bought it for wasn't fussy about it they just wanted a new phone and they really like it even though they don't know how to use it properly

Love android and love this first Samsung Galaxy phone.  I have drowned one, cracked one and for the third time bought this original.  Would probably love the Galaxy 3,  but...sticking with this one

Ok, first off disclosure: I have been a Palm junkie since my old Treo, moving on finally to my baby Centro.  I hands down love the ease of Palm's contacts/datebook/memos. As an on-the-go OS, it was second to none...back then.  With their aging system and poor upgrades, it was time to switch.  I narrowed it down to the Android OS based on the fact that the Palm Datebook software company had released a calendar version compatible on Android.From Android, I researched and felt that the Samsung Captivate was the highest quality product for the value. This is what I have found:  the packaging is minimal, the phone, earphones and charger. There's a small quick start book and that's it which ended up causing problems (more on that later). Phone charged and turned on easy - I was blown away by the AMOLED screen and the graphics capabilities. Crisp, clear - the pixelation quality is amazing which I think Samsung has really worked on to their benefit.The transfer of contacts from the SIM card was simple, though there is no way to delete the contacts from the SIM itself on the Captivate - I ended up copying them into Captivate, taking the SIM out, putting it back into my Centro and deleting it there. The phone itself is easy to use, with clear listening, a plus from the Centro where sound quality was consistently poor.Now for some of the bad stuff: there are NO instructions for how to use the features on the phone. My swype was turned off and only after extensive research was I able to figure out how to turn it on.  Other features are equally a mystery and I spent a whole weekend just trying to find stuff.The original calendar is useless - absolutely none of the ease and organizing capabilities that makes the Palm phones lovely for busy people.  Of course, ATT is terrible and I had to download the sidelong wonder machine app to bypass their no third party apps policy.  Once done, I downloaded Plimical which is comparable but still not as easy as the Palm calendar.Texting is much easier on a QWERTY keyboard (even with swype) and I have learned my lesson - the next phone will have a manual keyboard.Quick take:Graphics/screen: GreatRingtones: Like nonePhone quality: GreatEase of use: FairWifi: GreatCamera: GoodAll in all, I think a decent upgraded smartphone to transition to when you are resistant to change.

This was my third samsung phone and this one is the worst!!!  Please don't get this phone you'll regret it.

I got this phone in January and a week later it started acting up. It closes out of my tasks when i'm not even multi-tasking, it shuts off by itself all the time so i have to keep turning it on and it is frustrating when you are waiting on an important text or call, and it freezes A LOT , and the camera stopped working completely. I have never ordered a phone online before this one and I did a lot of research and I even called Amazon to make sure they were giving me a new phone instead of a refurbished one...I don't know if they lied to me or the phone just sucks. But i do have to give it credit for the good call quality and the nice picture display. I think it is time I get an iPhone.

It survived for 5 months with essential hiccups;  hung multiple times; screen goes blank abruptly; now I need a replacement screen; Don't know whether this one is still under warranty.

I like like this phone, it looks very nice, Sold by kenzomania. I just received it today. It is unlocked as they mention and works with my local operator which band is 850MHz. My complaint is that the back button is quite hard, also the USB conector is a little bend (But, I connected the phone to the computer and I can access to the info inside the phone. So, it doesn't seems to be a issue). Another thing is that the phone brought a pre-downladed weird picture, so I can't be sure if the phone is actually new or not.

I actually purchased this product when it wasn't so old. A recent problem with my phone has made me decide on writing this review on the Samsung Captivate. The phone isn't too bad as it was pretty quick to run everything, took very nice video, and made and received calls perfectly well. The problem with this phone is that there are a few problems which absolutely no phone should ever have to deal with and Samsung has a history of insulting users of this phone for over a year. As for the problems, let's begin.The BIGGEST problem for me is the fact that the GPS does not work. A few people claim it has worked for them, but take a look at the android forums and you'll see customer after customer complain that their GPS has never worked. When I originally purchased this phone, the GPS would take a minute to triangulate my position. Sure this would be okay if it actually kept that triangulation. However, this phone will continuously drop the GPS signal. At times it would put me 10 miles away from where I actually was. It has become apparent that Samsung released this phone knowing that the GPS did not work. They promised updates for many months. When they did finally release the heralded 'gps fix', it turns out the update never actually fixed the GPS and Samsung simply stated "it will be in the next update".The second problem was the operating system updates. Samsung refused to offer the latest versions of the Android OS for the Captivate. The Captivate was one of the premiere smartphones; a smartphone that people paid hundreds of dollars for. So while other companies (and in fact, other Samsung phones) received the Froyo and eventually, the Gingerbread and Honeycomb updates, the Captivate was stuck with Eclair. I believe only in the past few weeks was the Captivate updated to Gingerbread and it was a year after Froyo came out that Samsung passed it on.The third, albeit not too important problem is the camera. To be blunt, it's pretty crumby. There is no flash and the quality is lacking. Not too important as it is a cell phone, but surely Samsung could have done better on a $500 product.To see other problems, simply check out the android forums. There are a lot of problems with this phone that should never have occurred. There is nothing overwhelmingly horrible about this phone, but the fact that there are problems which no modern phone should have is beyond excusable. This is my reason for giving it 1 star as no one should bother to buy a phone that the manufacturer never bothered to polish up and support.

I love this phone. It's perfectly functional (except for navigation) and serves its purpose perfectly. I love it's look, feel, and size and definitely great because it's unlocked. It is annoying that it comes with all the random ATT apps that I haven't been able to remove or benefit from but I'm sure in due time I'll find a way to work around it.Samsumg is doing great!

The phone its excellente, It didn't have problems to connect to the network here in Costa Rica, but the GPS is giving me a lot of problems. Sometimes It takes a lot of time to establish connection, and the precision is not good enough or It doesn't connect at all. I was looking about this and people said that is a common problem, you need to find how to fix it.

Los juegos que corren en este equipo son fenomenal.imagenes exelente.display bastante brillantelo negativo.El telefono presenta`problemas con los parlantes.hay que estar apretando fuertemente con el dedo para que vuelva el sonido.

After reading all these reviews, on how slow the phone is, that it freezes up, that it bogs down etc. I have gone through it and opened just about all the apps and not once has it slowed down or froze up. To me it's got a great resolution, great internal memory and it has been easy getting used to the touchscreen keyboard. Coming from a Blackberry, I feel like I am in heaven.Peace

I bought it for my son who was going on a trip and it helped us to keep in touch. Easy to charge, with many apps. Would buy it again.

I had this phone for over a year. In that time, I had more problems with it than any I have ever owned in 8 years. Almost two months into owning it it started glitching randomly with the search screen popping up constantly and wouldn't go away. When I went to open certain apps it would oddly restart the phone. On more than one occasion the phone would not allow me to receive text messages, but I could send them. (this had nothing to do with my service carrier, only the phone)Three weeks ago it stopped allowing me to download apps, and no one could fix it. I had very few apps on my phone to begin with. The most recent problem was the power button that allows you to access the screen stopped working all together, meaning I had to pop the battery out to even get the screen to come on. That was the last straw.As far as the good things about this phone: I liked the size, camera functions, battery life, and ability to charge it quickly when needed. Had it not been for the weird quirky things I would've used the phone for much longer.

I'm a flip-phone/coffin-phone person, and I decided that I finally needed to enter the smartphone world, but not at a $500+ cost. So I found this old(est) unlocked Galaxy S model. It requires a little more babying than I suspect is true for new models -- you need to kill unused programs on a regular basis to prevent Android from locking up. But what else can you expect for a $120 smartphone? Good enough for me.

I bought this phone from amazon and its so great, great performance, GPS is good and phone never slow or freeze like others do .I used it for more than a year and send it to my home country in Africa, they did not need to unlock anything they just plug the simcard and it worked so great.I still miss this phone and will recommend it to anyone

keeps shutting off randomly. I'll try another one..... maybe. I tried factory resetting and turning off apps. nothing seemed to work.

Estaba buscando un telefono inteligente despues de mi mala experiencia con blackberry queria otra cosa me gustaba el modelo I9000 pero cuesta mas de 400 y me decante por el captivate no me arrepiento funciona perfectamente en venezuela 3G con movilnet y movistar EDGE con digitel.

The phone works great. I live abroad and I had no problem to use it because it's an unlocked phone. The battery lasts for about 24 hours with the 3G connection enabled all the time. If you use it for constant browsing, the phone gets a little hot on the back.The big screen is great, the touch keyboard works amazing and the android market is much better than the one Apple has for Iphone. It is a very thin model, it is not heavy at all, and it is easy to carry.

I have this phone since May, and has been a great experience so far. The specs and quality are great deal for the price. With its 1 GHz processor and ram, it can run most apps and most games available at the Play store. Camera pictures quality is good and the super amoled screen display too. Only thing it lacks is LED flash for the camera, so don't expect to take night pictures with this phoneThe 16 GB of Rom are plenty of space for all your apps and data. It can even be expanded with a micro SD card. Not a downside, but must be stated, the internal 16 GB of memory is split into two. The OS displays 2 GB as internal phone memory and the rest as an internal SD card. With a microSD inserted, it will show to SD memories. Still the 2GB partition is plenty for all your apps and if space is needed, you can move the app to the internal SD.The phone comes with Android 2.3 Gingerbread, which works good out of the box. But the best advice for this phone is to root it and install a Custom ROM. It will make your phone performed better. Plus, the risk of something going wrong from this is very little. There are lot of sites and forums (like XDA) that walks you around the process. After I installed Cyanogenmod 9 (Android 4.0), the performance was smoother and faster, it really felt like a new phone. There are so many great things about the new Android OS that will make you love more this phone. I am currently running 4.1 Jellybean (CyanogenMod 10) and can't wait for the next release. Seriously, I highly recommend going this way, if you want to make you great phone into a greater one.

Its a really beautiful cellphone... one of the best GSM unlocked on the market. I need to use that in other country and it works very fine with any SIM!!!

As it is described in the page. The product came in excellent conditions. It is worth a sorrow continuing buying in this shop.

I've had my Captivate for two years.  I loved it until it started acting weird and I upgraded to 2.2.  That's when it all went to he**.  The thing locks up all the time for no reason, reboots for no reason, turns off for no reason.  I have hardly any apps on it as well.My brother and I both got this phone at about the same time, and his experiences have been eerily similar.  These phone companies are writing obsolescence into their updates, and no one will ever convince me otherwise.Funny how these phones all seem to be unusable to completely maddening at about 2 years, isn't it???

I cannot believe what I was sent. It was APPALLING. The ad for the phone CLEARLY said NEW. When I got the phone, it looked like a joke. Everything was fake, someone PHYSICALLY put on the screen protector, box, NO original instruction booklets, the charger looked generic. Absolutely Nothing about this purchase was original except the phone (I'm assuming).I will NEVER buy from that seller ever again.PLEASE before you buy from this seller, Heed my Warning. The seller DOES NOT sell new items, EVERYTHING I GOT WAS VERY USED.

After buying 3 other phones and returned them, ALL I MUST SAY IS THANK YOU, THIS PHONE LOOKS BRAND NEW, IT TOOK MY T MOBILE CHIP NO PROBLEM,THANK YOU, THANK YOU YOU ROCK,CORDIALLY,E.SMITH

I got mine from Cell Lounge and it was brand new, came with all accessories in the original box. The accessories and the phone were wrapped in plastic wraps and doesn't indicate usage at all.As for the phone, its working great!So choose the seller carefully as lot of people got defective and used phones from other sellers.

Please I require unlock code as my phone will lock, I'm in America and do not know how to access desbloquerlo, ask me for a sim code, let me know by this route

Absolutely more than I imagined this phone would be!  Switched plan to Straight Talk and have been looking to upgrade phone so I can take advantage of having data now.  I have the AT&T compatible sim card and it seems to be fully functioning with this unlocked AT&T phone.  I bought a Huawei T-Mobile Comet before this phone and had to return it as phone capability was less than average.  Not this phone... tons of apps, excellent camera, tons of storage, and good speed.  Of coarse since I'm a first time Smartphone Android user, I don't have much to compare it to.  However, I've been using a pc since the mid 90's and this is the first time I've felt like I have a MINI pc in my hand.  Easy to learn and a whole lot of fun!  Only con is camera doesn't have a flash, but I'm super glad I bought it anyway.

Recib&iacute; lo que esperaba, llego dentro del tiempo estimado. El equipo se recibi&oacute; en perfecto estado, muy buena pantalla y super r&aacute;pido. recomendado 100%

I don't know what i'm gonna do with this phone. Seriously. I mean, It's a very good phone, User friendly, but crash every time. If you know how can I make it to stop crashing, I'd be very thankful.

I compared this phone to a lot of other phones, and i just wish i could've gotten it the year that it came out, because i cannot even comprehend how they made this one so amazing, its got a fast 1GHZ processor (a8 hummingbird by Samsung) and the color of the display thanks to the one of a kind Samsung Super-amoLED screen makes color really pop out at you, props to unlocked cellphone kings for giving me the ability to use it on any GSM carrier i want :)colors: 5/5Performance: 4/5build quality: 5/5overlay (touchwiz 3.0)5/5sounds/ringtones 5/5call quality 4.5/5

Was not completly original...at least not the box. Was another's phone box with stickers of the Captivate... The phone still works, but the volume buttons stoped working after 3 months. The speaker sometimes dosnt work.

The delivery was fast, everything came as expected. No damage to the front of the phone a few minimal scratches on the back. I'm very pleased with the condition of this product, I was extremely nervous and hesitant about buying something like this online but it's working well! So glad to have this phone!

I have been using this phone for more than three months now... I have to say it is a very fantastic phone... I used to use iphone 4, and I have to say that samsung has made a brilliant movement..this phone is more responsible and everything is perfect, especially the battery power... It last longer than any other smartphones..therefore, do not hesitate to buy it, u get what u paid for..Moreover, I have just rooted it, and it become  even faster...FYI: I bought my phone from 11th street, and it comes with everything such as headphone, manuals, original box, wall charger, usb cable... My friend bought from others seller, and it is such disappointing... Therefore, be sure to do some research about the seller before u want to buy this phone...

I love it out in great condition will use it every day and believe fit this price and unlocked the best deal on long time

Some times it just turn off without possible reasons or it freez suddently. Really don't understand why.  Battery don't lost too long.

Just wasted a bunch of time on this lemon.The phone turns off 5-10 minutes after being unplugged, although the battery isn't actually depleted.Various parts didn't seem new. I suspect that this phone was actually refurbished.

Purchased this phone as a replacement for m other phone. This item was well.packaged and transaction was quick. The phone itself works very well with several apps to choose from. The only thing I ran into issue with is data/WiFi. For some reason I can't get a data plan on the phone and the WiFi connection was weaker than expected, but all in all, this phone works great and I would come here to shop again.

it has to be rebooted a lot. sometimes it gets stuck on or off and the onlyway to get it going is to take the battery out and start again. for 140 it was a mistake an expensive one.i needed to have it repaired for $50 after i got it because it would not charge.

At first, I was very exited with the phone, everything worked great, then I inserted the SIM card, but surprisingly the phone was locked, and I could not access to my local network because it requested an unlock pin code. Now I am waiting if there is any way to fix this problem.

I bought this phone with some reservations after viewing all the ratings and reviews that people had written.The phone was fullfilled by Coldwater LLC (Phone Etc).When I received the phone, I immediately charged the battery overnite before even trying the phone. I also bought a SIM from Straight Talk to activate the phone on the Straight Talk 45 dollar plan.The next morning, I inserted the SIM and the AmazonBasics 16 GB microSDHC Class 10 Flash Memory Card I had bought. I activated the phone on Straight Talk and turned the phone on. I updated the APN to the Straight Talk settings. Everything on the phone worked perfectly. I was also surprised to see that the phone had been updated to 2.35. The box had said 2.1.I have had no problems with the phone at all. Battery typically lasts about 2-3 days for me and is down to 30-40% at that point. I typically keep the GPS and bluetooth turned off and turn WIFI off on the road. At home, I primarily use WIFI for my data.

I paid for an unlocked i897 and after a the mysteries of the postal system were resolved I have one.  The product is exactly as advertised - an unlocked phone, plus a charger and the USB cable.  Works fine, I've rooted it and put on Cognition.

I have to say that this smartphone really fills the expectative. Capacitive screen is very clear and its response accurately. Processor speed is good and internal storage is 16GB (enough to save docs, music, apps, photos and some features) also, you can expand it up to 32GB with external SD cards if you need (Recommended for videoholic people). I think that captivate i897 is a good example of relation quality/price and you can get a lot of features by a low cost.Appearance is a remarkable aspect. Opposite to its cousin, it has a design more original than the i9000 (very similar to Iphone in fact) and improves in comfort and elegance.I apologize for any mistake written here but I'm not a native English Speaker.

does this phone have a glide keyboard? is there a difference between samsung captivate glide and the samsung captivate? please let me know!

This phone is perfect for use with Straight Talk sim card. In the Houston area my 3g speed is faster than some of my friends 4g phones. The size of the screen and general performance far exceed any other no contract phone I've tried at the cost of my investment.

This phone is so outdated, you cant download the apps that I normally use. They need to have their phones updated before selling them

I bought this phone unlocked because i live in Costa Rica, so i needed a phone which works with the local carrier, and this phone turn to be the best purchase i could do, it works with the 850mhz 3G network of the ICE(Costa Rica s goverment carrier) and the android 2.2 Froyo installed works perfect, with a brilliant 4inch amoled and the fast 1ghz processor. I recomend to buy also an Otterbox Box Case for this device, which fits great. I bought it at $374.99 and is the best deal i could find for a phone with this technical details.

I 've had this phone for one year. At first it was great. But about 6 month in it started failing to send my text messages, and in order to get it to work i have to shut down and re start the phone. The speaker broke, and now the alarm clock and ringer sometimes work and sometimes dont. Overall it was a great phone for awhile, but i think it should have lasted for more then a year.

When I first got the phone and turned it on it's  was love at first sight. Everything that I will ever need. No flash on camera its okay still take great pictures. Have nothing bad to say. Didn't give five stars to me no phone is a five star phone don't care how good it is because if you dig deep enough you will find something you don't like about the phone so I will leave it at that.

Had a very bad experience with this product . Cellphone stopped working after a month and still giving lot of troubles . Beware of this Seller

THIS PHONE WAS SAID TO BE A GOOD PHONE,BUT ITS NOT ITS NOT ACCEPTING THE CHARGE ,SO I HAVE TO USE A UNIVERSAL  CHARGER IN ORDER TO GET CHARGED

I've had this phone for 7 months and have had to replace it 5 times. Ive never had waterdamage or anything its always been the phone. I just called today cause the power button stopped working and they told me id either have to pay 125$ for a new one or buy a new phone. I said buy a new phone. This phone is pretty but its worthless! Cant wait to get my new galaxy note 2.

works satisfactory but charging port di not work at all. as a result I had to buy wall charger and a spare battery

the phone sometimes will freeze,if want to go to contacts,want to see logs,history,will bring me to the menu,or freeze,thank you.

great phone keep the good selling up,great job....i really enjoyed the phone, i gave it to my daughter, i now have the new galaxy....great phone, wish i good get a hello kitty silicone case for it......

I love the design and the Camera and the Android operating System, for me this is the best Design of any other on the market, is Elegant, Samsung deserve a ward for making this Phone.

THis is a really 5 star product.. GOod piece.. BRAND NEW. and all in box.. you need one of this

The interface (Android 2.1 Eclair) got frozen and then went blank, requiring the reset every time I tried to use the phone. So, this phone didn't even given me a chance to evaluate its true potential. It could have been a defective one (possibly, the screen problem). I returned it immediately since an exchange option was not available. In a way, it was good to have it failed right away, rather than failing in a year later. But I wonder if it went through a quality check at all. From the specs, I thought it would be a decent model.

The supplier performance was excelent. Package arrived before estimation. The product was as good as expected for this model. Only complain was that it arrived with older version of firmware (2.2 version of Android), which had to be updated to 2.3 version from samsung page and some software required to be installed in a PC (Samsung kies mini) as recomended in the samsung support site, also, instructions are well documented and update was performed smoothly, even some computer skill is required.

The following were missing, manual, warranty card, headset. The phone (dead garbage) and other components were in improvised plastic bags. Amazon should get rid of such dishonest sellers.If you come across crooked sellers, report them to Amazon, and they have a good change to be kicked out. Also, you have a good chance that you will not pay for the return shipping (that is the case when Amazon fulfills the orders).Update: I contacted Samsung (Live Chat), and (after giving them the IMEI and s/n of the phone sold by blutekusa) was informed that the phone has NO warranty.These phones are sold as new, but, often, that is not the case.After you receive a phone, you may want to contact Samsung (email, chat, phone) to verify the warranty status.If it turns out that you get a used phone, send it back (that is what I did).

I am really dissapointed with my purchase. First of all, I must say that when I purchased this phone, the website clearly said NEW (not used or refurbished). Phone came in a generic box (not the original from samsung), and it only included battery, charger, and the phone itself. No headphones, or USB cable. Its funny that the box included a plastic tray that doesnt even fit the phone. It's also worth mentioning that I bought two of these phones, and the charger was not the same for both (which leads me to think that one of them is not the original charger). Phone came with two small scratches in the back. One of the edges of the screen showed small remains of silicone, which was really weird, and also made me think that the screen was probably replaced in the past.I tried to forget all those things because I really needed the phone at this moment, but my real surprise came when I turned it on and tried to make or receive a call. No sound at all. People cannot hear me, and I cannot hear them. I made sure the phone was configured correctly by checking all the settings, volume, mic, etc. Everything was perfectly configured and yet AUDIO WAS DEAD for phone calls. I am really really dissapointed with this seller. Not recommended.

Here's a minimalist who jumped from a bulky Sprint phone to the magical Motorola Razr and then wooed by the half bit Apple. My first Smart Phone was an iPhone 3GS, and then a natural upgrade to an iPhone 4 (not the S). And to be direct: I would never have know this beauty (Captivate/Android) existed had I never sought some 'free' air (open source platforms).It does what you expect: whether you go by specs (1 GHz CPU, a GPU core, AMOLED hi res screen, a sleek design that stands out..), by user experience (bright clear icons, fast response), or by developer satiety (more control over the software/feature, freedom to install OS versions - supported or custom).In objectivity, the iPhones have always set the bar too high in user experience and the quality of both hardware and the software. So I am not a be-grudged Apple departee - in fact I keep looking for features I liked from iPhone on the Android. However, I have been very positively impressed by what the Captivate (with Android 2.2) offered right away.I took one star off the rating, because be all the great that it is, Android on this cool piece of hardware still is an edgy phone mostly for the geeky ones. There are things you can tweak, software you can write yourself, that opens a 4th world of creativity. However, not everyone may want to do that and may want to trust a closed-form Apple-is solution that just works right out of the box - the same way - everyday.And now to my opinion on an iPhone v/s an Android smartphone (specifically the Captivate):An iPhone will be smarter than you are, eventually making you a dumb-er user (since it will take away most of the thinking away from the user, really - they are SO GOOD with UI:-), whileAn Android phone (esp Captivate), though not as smart a phone as an iPhone4, gives a heaven full of creativity, blissful moments of tweaking the SW, settings, and Apps, and in my opinions makes you a smart-er user.So depending upon your taste, if you like your smartness replaced reliably, you may like the closed-environment iPhones. However, if you want a device that augments your intelligence, try out the community-spirited Android phones like the Captivate - you might just start enjoying enabling phones all over again:-)[Updated 3.01.2012] A word of caution for 11th St Wireless customers. I paid $19 more from them hoping they will ship me a genuine phone. The box was genuine. The phone is great, I love it. But I think they cheated on the headset. The box says (as it should) that it has a stereo headset. But the one I was shipped in the box (NEW) is *MONO*. It is cheaply made and no Samsung mark on it. In fact it looks NOTHING like the real ones that show in customer pictures above. I contacted 11th St Wireless re: this. They came back and said they sold me ONLY the phone and I should talk to the seller I bought the headset from. WHAT?!? The headset comes WITH THE PHONE in the package, in its box!!! I have requested clarification, pending a negative response I will contact Amazon directly to rate them out negatively. Please everyone BEWARE and be aware of what you are getting in the box!  Still loving the phone though, it has MIUI on it now:-)[Updated 1.30.2012] A word of caution: The first time I bought this item, the seller was OEM Planet. The price looked very competitive. I paid 2 day shipping too. But beware: I had items missing from the box (data cable, CDs, headphones, all missing), and the unit looked used (scratches). 11th wireless was an excellent seller, whom I used upon returning the first item. The second time, I received a box that was more authentic looking, with a real manual in there and the complete kit.

i bought this phone 4 months ago and it has started having problems with the screen. it disappears once in a while and keep on flickering. Has anybody else experienced this?

Has everything you need. Abled to use all the android apps. Has sufficient memory for apps. Accepts expanded memory. Can't beat the price.

Good for  those who need touch screen and basic needs like calling, wifi, email , google maps gps occasionally.Also price is less than other touch screen product.

Great phone! Love it! It`s everything i expected. Fast and easy to handle itA little bit larger but that's ok. Totally recomended

Recibi el telefono y estoy muy conforme, vino con android 2.2 froyo. todavia no logro manejarlo en todas sus aplicaciones pero por lo que lo he usado todo esta mas que bien, responde rapido y sin problemas. si se le da mucho uso (por ejemplo un juego) la bateria muere bastante rapido

I bought a couple of weeks and is fully operational, had made these comments but I deleted the page because the were in Spanish, I'm from Venezuela, I looked forward to the arrival of my phone, first came locked, without enbargo, the I contact a seller sent me the unlock codes, or rather informed me that came in the box, only I did not know that those numbers were, the change from a Nokia E63 Samsung i897 Captivate this Android smartphone Galaxy S has been from heaven to earth, is a versatile phone and thousands of things to do and learn every day, to be released works perfect with Digitel and Movistar (although with the service costs a little more recognition of network services and on the SIM), but all good, is the best investment I ever made in terms of phone and it came in love with Android, Nokia now and again .. I recommend it faithfully

It came defective, never worked, charged the battery all night and it didn't work, even with the cord it would not turn on for long. Had to send back next day and the company promised to call me about the problem and it didn't. I had to get a refund.

I bought the phone as "new".Phone wasn't new. It was used. Still had old contacts and text messages from previous owner.The phone was defective. Wouldn't hold carriers signal. Kept shutting off when not in use after only seconds.I Had to return it the next day.I still think it's an awesome phone, if it is new. But now I'll never know.I will post a follow up and let you know if there are any problems with the return.

Mobile phone was in a very good condition, everthing was and is working very well (what surprised me most was that the screen was without a single scratch) , if I didn't know that it was used i would think that it is new :) the only thing which wasn't comfortable was that it was locked to my local GSM operator and it would be better to get USB instead of car charger, but it's ok.

Okay so i've had my phone 5 days now and at first it was AWESOME! But now i'm realizing the battery life is HORRIBLE.. Brightness is ALL the way down, no apps running, etc.. I fell asleep with a full battery and got maybe 4 or 5 phone calls when i was sleeping but didn't answer.. Woke up and my phone battery was in RED, almost dead. How in the heck can that make my phone go dead? No one touched my phone. It was on the night stand, i'm the only one home.. Sorta disappointed in the battery life.. Other than that the phone is good.

no le puedo colocar internet que hago lo he llevado a varios sitios y me dicen que hay que cambiarle el softwer y si dice desbloqueado porque acepta solo el chip movistar

I bought two of them from Cellmaster. One of them works fine, but the battery in other drians too fast. Lasts up to only 2 hours max however efficiently used.

First we recived used phone, after I made a comment on the review the seller contacted me and appologized it was an error, and sent me new phone. I am satisfied

Excelent service. I got it on time. I recomend this place to buy your electronic stuff? The product is very good

muy buen telefono, me llego en perfecto estado y con todos sus accesorios!esta liberado y funciona perfectamente con movilnet en venezuela

Well the Samsung Captivate has its good features probably the camera is the best of all. The camera  has 5 mega pixels and has many shooting modes and it takes great pictures the auto focus is extremely good zoom could be better but still it shoots great crisp photos the phone also has a great screen very bright but battery consuming. One of the biggest cons would be the processor I think the phone is a bit too slow for some apps and androids operating system doesn't help it leaves programs on the background running and makes the phone crash so you need to download a app called system that lets you manage your apps and se your cpu, ram memory, cpu clock and many other useful things. This app helps a lot but still its not the best because no matter what I did I could not play GTA on my phone with out some lag so this is not a phone for those people who like to play on their phones but every thing else It does a great job. Camera, Gps Google voice the screen are all pros to the phone the cons would be the battery processor and the charging input is kind of annoying up there.oh and don't buy from Sold by: Young Kimbrough (seller profile)the package came all wrapped with paper and it wasn't the original box it was a crappy Chinese box that said Samsung.

I had an android phone before so purchasing another was not a big leap. What I needed was more internal memory; I love apps. Having received the phone my first impression is that it has met my expectations and I am at this point please with the purchase. The phone responds very fast and I am still not done customizing it to what I want. This is what I like about Android as opposed to the iPhone. By the way I also have an iPhone so I can speak from a position of knowledge and familiarity with it. More comments if I can after I have had the phone for a little longer. All in all I think a very good purchase and purchase experience.

It is very good. It is my first time to use a Samsung Phone.I do like it so much. Great options and shipment came on time.Thank you.

Freezes all the time, and I got rid of it in less than a month. Hate it so much!! I switched back to my iphone!

Great phone even as is outdated compared to S3 or other in the market. but all the reviews about it make justice to the performance of this little fellow, just fell in love with the screen resolution and vivid color . Would recommend the vendor as great since shipping was perfect and received a little after in Venezuela due Christmas I ordered a couple of these and they arrived in perfect brand new condition. the phone reception is great and goes 3G using Movilnet. Thanks guys.

I have purchased this phone and it said that the phone was new. After 2 week of use there was some problem with the battery. I have purchased another battery but the problem continued. When i took the phone to a service they have told me that the phone has been repaired before and that it is not a new phone, but it was used and probably refurbished. I am extremly not satisfied with this purchuse and with the seller.

I loved this phone when I first got it.  It lasted about 20 days before it began to have problems.  It would freeze, I would have to try several time to just open the call log or the messaging app.  I finally gave up when I had to take the battery out for the third time just to get it to work.  This phone is great if you don't need a reliable phone.

The Phone has nice features but the phone overheats after long use never that is the only complaint I have had. I have thought about contacting Amazon on this and see if this is a problem they have been getting on this phone.

hi,i buyed the samsung i897 and its not turning on, i just used it one night!!!whats happen with this cell phone?

I bought this phone maybe 1-3 months ago, thought it was awesome. Really wasn't. So many problems with it. Haven't even had this phone a year and these are the problems I found with it.Pro's:CameraWireless networkCons:Iffy speaker phoneFreezesStatic when trying to place calls.Unlock/Power button stopped working after 2 months.Applications don't really work all that fast.If anyone purchases this phone and has problems with the Unlock/Power button I recommend downloading &#34;Go Locker.&#34; You can unlock your phone that way.

esta en excelentes condiciones bueno, bueno, bueno, bueno, bueno,! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

Very nice design and easy to use steps&#62; I have 2 other IPhones but I use this one for diffrent purposes.

does it have google play instead of market because if it does not then you cant get temple run,wheres my water or all the good games.

Pros: - nice screen size and keyboard- awesome amount of internal storage place, you barely need a memory card with 16gb of storage!- androidCons: - it has started freezing a lot. I would say per day, I have to reset the phone about 4 or 5 times because it freezes up and you can't even power it off, you have to take the battery out to reset it

Product was received as expected, good condition. They're easy and hassle free, I would defiantly buy from this company again.

the fact that it was unlocked and the style of the phone. Also it is modern phone also and stylish

Nice phone, excelent look, big display gor the price. I am very happy with it, however i just gat a week with it, i hope that this impresion last for a while

i'm agree with the fact of this is a great phonse but in my box with a package only comes the phone, the battery, fast charger 110-120 wats, manual, but data cable & headphone is not included on my pack

Excelente celular, aunque no es la ultima generaci&oacute;n por el precio es una excelente opcion, buena capacidad de Memoria, aceptable velocidad del procesador, etc

I've had this phone for 18 months, though the cellphone world has passed it by, it still is a reasonable choice.The screen has never scratched (unlike my IPad ).  I've dropped this device dozens of times,and you can't see any damage to the screen.  The battery life is decent ,10-12 hours of heavy use.  Call quality is good, the speaker is acceptable.Android is very stable, rare freezes that require removing the battery.  You can "root" this device in Froyo easily.  Android Market offers all the apps you will ever need.My wife has an iPhone.  The screen is too small.  You are stuck using iTunes , a horrible piece of software . Android has multiple keyboard choices that alone make it my choice over iOS.The negatives: 4 inch screen is still too small for me, battery life is being surpassed by newer phones, can be sluggish at times,cannot easily root Gingerbread.

I am very happy with the purchase of this smartphones.  The package had it all, nothing lost or in bad condition. and the price is very accessible.

Luckily I don't have to totally rely on this phone. It is not working properly. For example, it shuts down by it self and freezes quite often. If I had to do it again I would spend the extra money for a brand new phone.

The phone is really the best mobile I've ever had.It has all the modern functions and runs great, smooth, beautiful..Though AT&T; is really ruining it with all the bloatware and stuff..Runs flawlessly on ECLAIR (Android 2.1). Has some minor bugs and lags after I flashed Froyo(android 2.2)..Overall great mobile for normal price.

I had a very big problem with this guy because the earpiece would decide when it wanted to work or not. I treed reinstalling the software and everything but it still persisted. Just another bad product from Samsung I guess, I've never had any luck with their products, this was the last time!

We just recieved today and it works like a champ.  I will check back in a few weeks, to let you if I'm having problems with.  If I don't, then its working still great!!

I'm in love with my smartphone! It's amazing!It's so cheap and works very well. I can use my apps with Android 2.2, it's nice!The cons are that the cellphone doesn't come with headphones, USB cable neither manual. But you can find these stuff online.

ok....i have this phone and since i like it so much i decided to buy the same one after i lost it.....the phone was really bad..the battery lasted half a day....it looked like some parts were not original...and it would lose the signal every 5 min....i dont think its the phone its the seller....it was really bad quality and it seemed like the phone had been tampered with....plus somehow i couldnt find this purchase on my recent purchases list so it was weird that they did that...i dont recommend buying from this seller

I bought this more to have a power efficient Samsung device, so there is more power efficiency.  as technology gets more and more power, the power to run a basic task is kind of energy going to waste.  This one uses the same battery as the S2, so it would be really good for longer term uses.  I even ran Max Payne just fine on this.  I actually am not sure if I would even use this as a phone, I just wanted a tablet that would go with my other Samsung tablets.  What is cool is you could go to different countries.  Maybe some day that would be a possibility.  This phone would be waiting for that day.

I really like the cell phone, since it is an android I can download all the apps that I like; at not cost so far. The internet speed is good and the cellphone is really easy to use.I like to Skype , so the only thing is missing for me is the front camera,but other than that, it has all what I was looking for!

I have one of these phones.  Samsung sent me an email to update to the latest OS version and the update crashed the phone.  Samsung says it had to be my fault and I need to pay them.  Samsung will do nothing to to help.  Their customer service is rude and unhelpful.  Now I get to pay for phone srvice with no phone to use, thanks Samsung.  By the way since they make cell phones the BBB does not take complaints.

I purchased it on friday it arrived on tuesday, it was brand new still in the box. I love love this phone only thing I wish it had flash on the camera,it still takes great pics. but other than that I have no complaints.

I have received a factory defected item from this seller. The phone drops Calls, and another major calling problems.I can not hear the receiver after one minute from making a call, the phone simply goes on mute after calling or after a few minutes being idle; in addition, the receiver can not hear me clearly during the entire conversation. I am totally disappointed after waiting for five days to receive me new phone.

I agree with the rest of the comments on the product that it is of a good quality for a price. I bought it to use with straight talk plan, and everything worked out perfectly.The only few things that gave me negative thoughts about the item were that it was not in it's original box. It arrived in plain at&t; box. Manual looks like it was homemade, and has no Samsung TMs on it anywhere. Despite all that, the phone is absolutely brand new. Second "weird" thing was that my internal speaker (the one you listen to when you receive calls) was not working until I plugged headphones jack in and out of the socket. Now it seems to be fine.Overall I am very pleased with my purchase.PS. 4 months later update: power button stopped working. I was sent back and forth between seller, amazon and manufacturer in a circle with no solution on hand. Nobody wants to fix it. Thats why my rating for the phone dropped 2 stars.

Very good phone for the price no glitches, not giving 5 stars because the battery was also used and does not work properly but new ones cost almost nothing.

Did not work once we got it.

This phone is no longer in production, I guess. However, it attracted me because its shape was a little bit different from many other available. It's size is perfect for me (not too small, not too large, I always carry it in my pocket).This phone is underpowered, though. It comes with a single processor, it has no camera flash (led) and no front camera either. I also have to mention that GPS sucks (I don't use it much, then this is not that important to me). However, the vibrant colors on display are unique. It's slim and comfortable.I like the phone as it is, despite of not being the fastest one I could get. It's an old phone now and it lags with new apps available. After all it's a phone and it works well even after I upgraded it to Android 2.3.5.

Everything you need from a smart phone, and it won't cost you an arm or a leg. Works pretty great so far.

I received this phone about a yr ago used. I hadn't ever used a smartphone before and actually really didn't see any use in it, until i had it for a week or two. I had a 20.00 gophone that I took the sim card out of and put into the Galaxy. I am not able to use the internet unless it's wifi because of my contract. which isn't a problem unless out on the road somewhere and need to use navigation or something of that nature. Anyway, should let everyone know that the reason I had the 20.00 phone is due to constant droping and just plain hard on phones period. I dropped this one and the top of the screen cracked, went and bought a screen cover to protect the internal parts from any moisture and so on. What really impressed me is I dropped it into a storm drain and it was completly submurged for a couple minutes, i was devistated because it has now became my life. I took it all apart and let it set for three days, put it back together and it turned on as if nothing had happened. So if your not ready for the SII or SIII try this one out and move on up the ladder like i eventually plan to. Great Phone...

The seller did a good job of providing me with a sealed new Samsung phone in the factory box, so the sales get no bad marks. (I bought the phone through the officially listed Amazon Prime store.) The problems I had were with the phone itself.There were two main problems with the phone, aside from ordinary bloatware complaints. First, the USB slot on the phone was hard to access due to the unique shape of the outer shell of the phone. The slot simply was not flush with the outer casing, so my cable would not fully plug into it. I actually modded my old Samsung data cable to fit the slot. The other problem with the phone was that the back speaker quit working after only two weeks. From looking online, this is apparently a typical problem with this phone.

Recibido en perfecto estado

I returned this product because a lot of the features didn't work. I couldn't use the wifi or the mobile data. I tried everything but couldn't get it to work. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone

This is my first 'smart phone', so not anything to compare it to except family/friends who have the I-Phone latest. upgradedfrom a Palm Treo. I needed a phone with a decent calendar - reminders, alarms, etc, it does that great. I wanted a phone with a good camera as I don't like dragging 2 devices around, so far the problems I have encountered with the camera have been user error.  This phone was chosen as it was the highest-end device advertised on the prepaid plan I am going with, exactly like their plan except for about $200 cheaper! Have been on wi-fi quite a bit, surprisingly easy - this actually seems to have better connection that our laptop. Battery life seems acceptable - appears that nightly charge will more than cover it. Easy to navigate. Arrived in an AT&T; box, unopened. Had a little charging connection problem with phone right out of box - charger wasn't 'tight' so didn't charge overnight, tried charging it with another charger and no issues. I easily spent 3 months picking out the phone/service I wanted to change to, I am happy with my choice, would purchase again, and am glad I didn't go through a cell provider but Amazon, as this is such a better deal.

Dear SirI am very sad as they send to me the wrong phonethey send Samsung Rugby and i was need Samsung Captivate as it is unlockedbut the phone they send to me is lockedi can not used it now and i don;t know why they do thatplease inform me how i can solve this situationthank youAhmed Younis

very poor quality of telephone, olo I lasted 20 days, I sold him was new and maybe used or rebuilt since he hurt the charging port, camera and also the wifii should be prescribing the phone to conectarce, deverian not cheat so.regards

The seller of this item is a very kind person, there was a problem with the publication about the item description, (the phone would not start) contact the seller and willing ayuaderme after two months and still accept a return, it is for this reason I give it five stars.I really like the phone model and the price the seller Suger.In general, this product is an excellent phone, and it has android operating system.The seller pledged to send a phone the same features and in excellent conditionI am very grateful to the seller, always thinking about customer satisfaction.

this phone is great. the features of the phone is amazing. it has great battery life and  has a great camera.

gran producto, vino en excelente condiciones, sus funcionamientos es excelente la comprar llego en el momento acordado por el cliente

The phone does not as it should  because the battery is so hot! Now i have to by a new battery. This all happened right when I received the phone. And it's not downloading apps as it should either.

This is a good phone as long as you are in a 4G area. The remote town I live in causes lagging and glitches.

I bought this phone because I feel sick to my stomach paying $499.00 for a new phone, just because it is the 'new thing'. The Samsung Captivate was one of the highest-rated phones when it came out in 2010, and I believe it is still one of the best out there. The screen on this phone is not an LCD it is LED backlit.  This means better contrast and better battery life.  This phone is fast, it is absolutely beautiful in design, it has wonderful battery life (better than some of the newer ones) it is sleek and the screen is vibrant.It is also supported by cyanogenmod, so you can update it to Jellybean (or whichever Android version you prefer), just as I did.My boyfriend has an iPhone 4, and he is jealous of my phone now. :)

EXELENTE TELEFONO, MUY BUENO Y COMODO, EL ENVIO SE REALIZO SIN PROBLEMAS NI DEMORAS, TODOS ESTAMOS SATISFECHO POR LA COMPRA

I purcahsed this item and received it yesterday. As I opened it for checking, the camera didn't work. A message came "Warning Camera Failed". I tried all the steps even called Samsung techinical support, they tried to do everything to trouble shoot the issue, but the message still kept coming.

This model (Captivate) seems to have a software failure, it shuts down randombly, but most of all when battery level is under 40%. I learned about it later, after having purchased it, astonished about the failure and having contacted Samsung Client Service with no success, I googled the problem and there's even an application to prevent the shut down (Captivate Keep Alive), but it runs down the battery life so quickly that it's practically unusable!This item also sends some text messages whith @@@ or other strange characters instead of the letters typed!

Bought this phone for a friend who has nothing but great compliments on its performance and usage. Quality of phone calls is also a plus and she loves the fact that it is one of the Samsung Galaxy devices that is not overly priced and has great features.

horrible!!! the worst cellphone i ever had.......stop working...freezes its really really slow, do not even have flash..its a nightmare :(

very good phone... out of the box. very good phone... for a short time. until all of the problems start, and they will. for the first 4 months, it was all honeymoon, until the phone started to break down. the button on the right side to turn on the screen stopped working. the android OS starts to glitch horribly, losing service spontaneously. one major problem was that it would mix up who was sending me my texts. it would say, in the notification bar at the top, that person A sent me the message, but when I would lick on it to reply, it would switch and say it was person B in the messaging window. big problem.it became slower and slower. i tried using software like App Cleaner , which worked for a while, but not well. also, it wouldnt give me voicemails. and texts just stopped sending.dont buy if you want to a phone for more than 4 months

First off, this came SUPER fast... It came with in a couple days of ordering.. It came EXACTLY as it was stated. New, packaged well, and in working order.  The company Oakland Wireless was friendly, easy to work with, and again, shipped and received it a week earlier then the estimated time of arrival, HUGE plus :)The phone was easy to work with, Slipped in the Sim Card, registered it, and started using it with in 10 mins of opening it up.  Easy to use phone, with the same Samsung features that are on the Vibrant... The camera could be a lil better, but everything else works as it should.. Texting, phone calls, and apps, ALL GOOD. :) This is one happy customer, and will use Oakland Wireless again in the future!

exelente equipo  lo recomiendo muy bueno  las funciones son muy practicas .  la memoria interna de 16 gb  es super bueno .

I made the aweful mistake of leaving iPhone for this.....thing. I have had nothing but problems. The thing turns off all on its own. You cannot edit the 4 bottom slots on the home screem. The email app hates yahoo and doesnt allow you to set up your account. All the silly apps i dont need or want which came on the phone cant be deleted. Over all i want my iPhone back and as soon as i can afford it im getting a new phone and smashing this thing with a hammer. Dont buy this phone. save your money for something better.

Well i purchased a 200 dollar or so galaxy for a 1 day delivery and it came 2 days later with difficultys the battery and cover for the battery did not fit the phone. The products where wrong not part of the galaxy smartphone. So i am very unpleased and dissapointed that if you buy an item or phone that all the right products would be present. Im not ever spending anymore more money or credit online anymore. Rediculous. Exec chef Ren.

Good buy for people who are new to using smart phones. Droids have excellent features & good display. Its worth the cost & my father is happy using this unlocked device outside US.

Samsung i897 Captivate Android smartphone Galaxy S (Unlocked),bad cell phone, broke in only one year of use so disappointed .

So far this phone is ok but its beginning to aggravate me. It needs a software update but apparently there aren't any available. Its starting to have glitches closing applications when I don't need it to. Battery life sucks. Dies rather quickly so I travel with the charger. Not all the music I download goes to the mp3 player and for someone who loves music it pisses me off. Other than that, the phone is fine. However I'm selling this bastard and upgrading

I have had it for 3 mths . when I try making a call from the key pad or by going into contacts or logs it closes . I do not like this phone or straight talk . I think the sound maybe going out too .. It sends partial text messages , horrible phone !

I bought two of these phones about a month ago and they are working great and they arrived in great conditions!!!! Love my phones!!!

very ok, good chioice, low price and great device, the screen is nice, i'm happy whit tablet, more of the year out trouble

I bought this phone after y lost my Samsung Galaxy Fit. Also, I've experienced other phones like HTC and iPhone. I must say that this smarthphone is perfect for any who wants to live an amazing and colorful experience. The screen is as big as someone can need to navigate internet, the colors, the light, everything about it is just wonderful.Applications are included, and it is to fast when connecting. The touchscreen is so sensitive.Totally recommended.

Lousy phone.  Email function does not allow for deleting all emails at once.  You must delete each email individually.  Volume button is very sensitive, so whenever you are talking on the phone, you will generally turn the volume off by just holding the phone in the speaking position.  Internet functionality is slow or non-existant unless near a wi-fi connection.  This may be an at&t problem, but I get good PHONE reception just about everywhere).  Buttons lock-up regularly so that I can't end a call or even turn the phone off.  I will be returning it.  My advice is DON'T GET THIS PHONE.  One note: my phone was not an unlocked version.  I got it through AT&T.

Navectron has been very helpful. I ordered the samsung captivate unlocked phone, but i needed to cancel the order for some reason and i just told him the reason and he was very quick to return back the money and cancelling the order.5/5Desmond

I love this phone. It had so many different features. I like the memory card slot option so that you can put as much memory as you want on the phone unlike an Iphone, which has a set amount of memory. The camera takes really great pictures, and you can multitask. Pretty fast internet speed and there are sooo many apps available. It also has a swipe key texting feature that's pretty cool.

Gifted this to my sister for Christmas and she was had a lot of trouble with it.It was a defective piece and it did not work properly..Returning it after talking with the manager of Cell Lounge..

I purchased these phones for my son and daughter. They love them and they are more functional than the iphones they had.

I loved this phone when I got it. But it hasn't even been a month and the phone started having major problems. When watching videos the volume just disappears, also it started acting as if the phone was on silent when it wasn't. I'd have to keep taking the battery off to get the phone to work appropriately and this problem became more frequent over time. I decided to send it back for a refund.

The phone was easy to handle all my neice did was put her sim card in along with her memory card anthe phone was up and running . At first the battery was difficult to put it but in a few seconds she knew how it worked?But it's an excellent phone for a teenager that moved from a Nokia c with qwerty board to a touch screen she loved it .

For the past 5 years, I moved quiete a bit and didn't stay long enough in one place to get a decent plan with any carrier to get a good phone. That is how I got stuck with my Motorola SLVR for 5 years until I got this little piece of marvel.The good:- Versatile- I haven't ran into an area where it doesn't have a signal- GOOD and intuitive screen- Connects with Macs (through doubleTwist)*- Slim- Fast- Works in Costa Rica (where I'm from, sadly)- The camera is ok despite not having a flash- Once you've gotten the hang of it, you'll love itThe bad:- Every now and then while typing, it freezes then pours everything you did on the screen- Battery life (as most smartphones)* I mention this cause being a media producer and mostly photographer, I LIVE through my mac. I was bummed out at first, then I found out about doubleTwist. As a Media Player, stay away from it. As the tool to get your stuff ON the Galaxy, it does its job.I'm in love with this phone, it is NOT perfect, but the shortcomings are not something I consider enough to regret this purchase. For what it's worth, AT&T; in the US sells it for almost $100 more unlocked and in Costa Rica, it's almost $700.Hope this helps and write me if you have other questions on the phone, more than glad to share my experience.

GOOGLE: "SAMSUNG CAPTIVATE LAWSUIT" enough said.Should be called the Samsung Captive phone because you are forced to use it for 2 years or buy a different phone for several hundred dollars. It has several defects: music stops mid song and continues 15-30 sec later, several android apps will lock up and want to close, sometimes your pictures on the phone disappear and then appear later, sometimes  your phone book also disappears, sometimes your SD card will say it's blank then it's not.Samsung or Android you are forcing me to APPLE, a company I do not like.Plus side it actually makes phone calls.  Decent phone, as good as it can be on ATT, but lousy android device.

Had this phone a week so far and love it. Upgrade from my other straight talk phone so have no complaints there at all. Phone functions like it's suppose to. I had trouble unlocking the phone. I didn't receive a unlock code with it but I contacted Scott from the seller and he got back to me quick. 5 stars for him. Within a couple emails (since I had no phone to call cause I was switching it over) we got it up and working. So great customer service from them.

At first i was not sure whether to go for this mobile or not but customers reviews helped me taking my decision. It is  a very good mobile , its fast work well on my at&t & its unlocked. Any one who is looking for a good mobile with  a reasonable price than this is it. I personally like it a lot & would recommend it to anyone who wants to have an economical smart phone.

Es el mejor tel&eacute;fono que he tenido, efectivamente est&aacute; desbloqueado, funciona incre&iacute;ble en Chile, los mapas, el GPS, el Wifi no tiene problemas para su configuraci&oacute;n y se puede configurar f&aacute;cilmente, estoy feliz con la compra y con la rapidez con que lleg&oacute; a mi domicilio.

it mach the name galaxy as good as it take recommend to buy this phone no need for more expansive.

Me sorprendi&oacute; lo espectacular de este telefono galaxy captivate. La pantalla, con unos colores y brillo increiblemente muy llamativo. Para navegar en internet es bastante r&aacute;pido... Mis amigos est&aacute;n impresionados con este captivate i897. Incluso me dicen donde lo compre, porque les gusta el telefono... Gracias...

estaba buscando un smartphone al estar buscando no sabia cual comprar pero cuando vi el galasy me gusto por q funciona chido

I love this phone.  Absolutely great!  This phone has so many features, you will love.  This phone is also easy to use.

I have had this phone for two years now and it has never really let me down! The updates always add more useful and creative features. I hated smartphones until I got this one. House it for everything (which is sad,I have a nice laptop that mostly collects dust now)The only drawback is on the hottest summer days in a car without a/c and if you use the gps and charge it for long periods of time it gets hot. If you want a durable powerful smartphone, here it is.

I mean is nice phone but I having problem it, is turning off or the screen  black, when I call some body they cannot ear me and very important to know is a new cell so maybe they

Has and does everything I need of a smartphone. The calls are clear, talking my text is awesome.ps works really well. This is probably the best smartphone I ever had. This would be my third. If you get this phone you will not be sorry!

This phone has a very vivid, clear display and works great.  The battery seems to last a long time even with bluetooth and wifi always on.  The only negative is that there is no visual notification when the phone is in sleep mode to let you know you have a voice mail or message.  You have to wake up the phone to see if you have any notifications.

This phone, stock, is very underwhelming. However, when you root it and slap ICS or Jelly Bean on it, it easily keeps up with newer and (supposedly) faster phones. I compared my Cappy to my brother's new S3, and there was so little difference in performance it was shocking. Plus the body design is ridiculously good - easy battery, SD, and SIM card access; gorilla glass; responsive touch screen; responsive softkeys; beautiful display.Once you root and get a good ROM on it, this phone becomes one of Samsung's best. What a seriously hidden gem of a phone.

it a great phone big screen this high-end Android smartphone sports a huge 4-inch OLED display, fast 1 GHz processor, and 5-megapixel camera with advanced options and video capture. Other features include Bluetooth 3.0, Wi-Fi with DLNA streaming, 3.5mm audio jack, and 16 GB of built-in memory plus a memory card slot

So glad I was able to upgrade to the s3. My experience with this phone made me a believer in the Galaxy products. When I buys. Tablet, it will be a Samsung product.

Great great phone 100% recommend and great price btw. . . . . . . . . . .  .

Undoubtedly this is one Smart Phone that packs a lot of power for suprisingly not much of a price tag. While the specimen that came to me came with the AT&T; Logo, the phone actually is unlocked.This is One Powerful Smart Phone For a Very Small Price Tag.

I have been using the phone for a while. It works really great. At first I had some conflict with the lock/unlock problem but the seller promptly took care of it.I've been using this phone for a month now and everything is fine except one. The screen does not rotate while I am browsing the internet. It used to earlier when I first got the phone but now it doesn't. I don't know if it is a software glitch or a hardware issue but other than that, I really love the phone. I love it's design, especially how thin it is. Speed is nice too. Compared to what is out in the market now, this phone is nothing but if compared to the phones that came out during its release period, I will most certainly say this one's a winner.

This phone was a legend when it first was released. Now it is still a very good phone, but it comes with Android 2.2 with a lot of garbage from AT&T. I recommened this phone if you are going to mod it and put a newer android version, like 4.1.

I live in Barbados and i had this phone for two month now, had to reboot it once when i was playing need for speed but other than that it works great (so far so good).only thing is i was in Miami two weeks ago and i couldn't find a case for this phone.

Its worst product till date I have purschased.. GPS not working.. Hangs oftenly..worst battery backup..overall worst phone...please prefer apple products than this, only one thing i liked about it wide screen.

I was looking on Amazon for another phone because my iphone I had the screen was cracked and i just wanted something new. Well i had heard good things about the Samsung captivate phone and read some good reviews on it as well, but i turned out to be the unlucky one. I recieved my phone and it worked for one month and then started freezing up, and now im not able to make calls or recieve them...i can make the call but when the caller answers i cant hear them and they can't hear me either and its the same when they call me. I can text and get on the internet but no calls so i have to turn the phone off and take the battery out everytime i want to make a call so it will work for me...I am sooooooooo upset with this phone and the company i purchased it from. Worldwide distributers is not a good company to purchase from, i called them back about this phone and they told me to take it the manufacture that they can't help me. They can give me a messed up phone that dont work but don't want to help you with the problem. I would advise you not to purchase from these people, it would be gambling with your money.

Can you Please Give the Money on the Captivate Galaxy or at Least Send the Phone Back , We've Been Asking for the Past Months .

price-quality relationship in the phone is very good, came in excellent condition, takes photos well despite not having flash, my criticism is that the seller was not responsible when it offered did not bring hands-free, did not bring manual, the box the picture is not the same with which the phone came and but more serious is that the ad says that the phone is unlock and not true, look who I play I unlock and of course pay for it.removing those aspects, the phone is great, arrived on time and in excellent condition.

This phone was not in excellent condition. It had major scratches on the bottom of the phone... Disappointed in the condition

Excelente! el env&iacute;o fue muy r&aacute;pido y efectivo, cumplen con la fecha de entrega pautada, se lo recomiendo 100% a mi familiares y amigos

El primer producto llego con defecto, no reconoc&iacute;a la tarjeta SIM, o cuando llegaba a reconocerla la se&ntilde;al a los pocos minutos se iba completamente, Hice el reclamo y efectivamente me indicaron que devolviera el tel&eacute;fono que ellos me lo reemplazaban (Por un momento pens&eacute; excelente!! Claro yo me encuentro en Venezuela y me dije tendr&eacute; que pagar un precio de env&iacute;o considerable, pero no perder&eacute; todo el costo del tel&eacute;fono) no fue as&iacute;, Me env&iacute;an de nuevo otro tel&eacute;fono y lo primero que observo es que los accesorios no son nuevos, se notaba que estaba muy usado el cargador y el resto de las accesorios no estaban en su bolsa original, despu&eacute;s de todo esto pens&eacute;, que ya que el tel&eacute;fono funcionaba, no iba a prestar atenci&oacute;n a la condici&oacute;n de los accesorios y lo comenc&eacute; a usar, y el tel&eacute;fono funciono de manera correcta solo 2 meses, despu&eacute;s comenz&oacute; a fallar nuevamente hasta que se quedo sin se&ntilde;al, luego un defecto en la pantalla, ya posterior a esto sencillamente cambie la SIM Card a mi viejo Nokia y volv&iacute; a tener se&ntilde;al, All&aacute; quedo mi supuesto nuevo y excelente tel&eacute;fono Samsung i897 como un pisapapel de $200. Lo mas decepcionante es que he tra&iacute;do equipos y de todo tipo comprados por Amazon y nunca me hab&iacute;a pasado nada desagradable, exceptuando esta vez. Me Considero ESTAFADO! Este vendedor no es confiable para nada!The first product arrived faulty, did not recognize the SIM card, or when he came to recognize the signal after a few minutes it was completely, I made the call and actually told me to return the phone that I replaced them (For a moment I thought excellent ! Sure I'm in Venezuela and told me I have to pay a shipping price considerably, but not lose the entire cost of the phone) did not, They sent back another phone and the first thing I see is that accessories are not new, you could tell it was really used the charger and other accessories were not in the original bag, after all this I thought that because the phone was working, I would not pay attention to the condition of the accessories and began to use. The phone worked properly only 2 months, then started to fail again, until it run out of signal, then a defect in the screen. After this happend I simply change the SIM card to my old Nokia and i had signal again, That was the end of my excellent new Samsung i897 phone, Now is a $ 200 paperweight on my desk. Most disappointing is that I brought all kinds of equipment and bought by Amazon and have never had anything unpleasant happened, except this time. I think SCAMMED! This seller is not reliable at all!

I received this unlocked Samsung Captivate assuming that it was an &#34;old&#34; (Galaxy S) unused phone. When I opened the box, I could tell from how everything was re-packed, and from an extremely tiny label glued out of sight indicating that the product was not guaranteed to be new, that I had been had by Amazon. This phone is defective. It only puts out MONO through the earphones, and freezes up too frequently. I have returned SEVERAL phones to Amazon in the past that didn't work properly, so I should have known better. It's not like the price was some kind of bargain!

This telephone was a marvel, simple, excellent factory, good sign, good pictures, connection to internet something slow. I recommend it. It is not unlocked, i had to make it here in Venezuela and their cost was increased.

The phone is excellent but does not come with accessories shown in the picture (No manual, no handset). They should put real images of what you buy.

Le compre el telefono al vendedor ABE - 123, como se indica esta desbloquedo y funciona perfectamente, le puse la ROM Cognition 4.5.3 (FROYO 2.2), aunque me estoy animando para poner la MIUI (Android 2.3.4) est&aacute;n en el Foro de XDA, el telefono ya viene con Root ! Funciona en las bandas 3G 850/1900, en Venezuela funciona perfectamente en Movistar y Movilnet, me parece una excelente compra ! Recuerden q no tiene c&aacute;mara frontal ni flash !

its a cool phone glad I got it!!! Also when i had a problem upon recieving my phone they had no problem helping me!!!!

No issues with receiving my purchase. Looks almost new. Would probably purchase from again, if I am in need of another phone.

I'm writing from Venezuela, I have more than a year with this product and the truth has been excellent, I give four stars because the battery charging connector was sunk but nothing to worry about. Good display, processor and RAM, recommended 100% ah, remember that the camera has no flash

I bought the phone less than a month ago, and i'm going to return it. This is why:1. The camera doesn't work, after going to troubleshooting and tech support the solution they give me is: return it! I realized a lot of people have the same problem with the phone, and nothing is getting done about it.Other also important issues:2. The GPS also has issues, it takes a very long time for it to work and sometimes it doesn't work at all.3. There's no Samsung Kies support for this model, so i couldn't back up my files and info.4. Although it has a relatively fast processor Arm a8 hummingbird, 1000 MHz, it does not show. The phone shuts down unexpectedly and freezes a lot. Even if you don't have many apps running.There are also some things I miss about a phone:- A flash for the non working camera- A front camera- The volume buttons get in the way of the power buttonAlso there are some things i do like about the phone:- The design- The amoled screen- The fact that is an android phoneBut they don't compensate for the problems. So I hope this review makes you think twice about buying the phone.

This cell is junk. Dont waste your money.there are so many other options.Its frezze a lot of times.

Mine arrived dead so I really can't rate the phone. I've read good things about it and it was very popular. In a way, I'm glad because I ordered a Galaxy S2 instead. It cost twice as much, but it was worth every penny. I came from a phone with very similar specs to this one (HTC HD2). The performance difference is staggering, like moving from a Prius to a Porsche.One thing I can speak on is the battery cover. It's metal and for the life of me I couldn't put it back on. It just would not go back on.

It's worked flawlessly for 8 months. It phones when it should, texts when it should, and webs when it should. No hiccups, no problems. It also goes days between charges.We're not bleeding edge users, so this older version of Android doesn't bother us.Mama's happy, so Papa's happy.

This phone is everything i've been looking for.  It is the best of both worlds with an unlocked phone.  I am using at&t towers unlimited everything (including Data) for only $45 total a month through Straight Talk with this phone.  If i were to buy one of Straight Talk's androids those phones operate off of Sprint towers and their serves is horrible unless you are near the expressway.

well i waited for a while to see how it would go ... the problem is the phone itself not the seller, the description and the shipping was great but the phone is not doing anything to me. battery dies in 2 hours, old android system therefore it doesn't have the new app market, network works like crap on it and there is no variety in languages; i'm arabic and i hate using my facebook on my phone cause all i see is squares so i'm back to my ipod for that reason, I should have got an iphone instead (-___-)

Considering the year in which it was released and its price with the current phones on market ,there is just a slight a difference. I like its internal memory ,16GB! i wish it had front cam...

Excelente producto, le entrega fue a tiempo y cumplio con mis expectativas me funciona para todos los operadores en colombia gracias

i bought this for my friend as gift and he really liked it.. its a old model of galaxy but still work good.thanks..

I bought mine a couple of months ago (used), and it came with a defective charging port, dont get me wrong the 1 star rating is because of the cost-benefit ratio on this transaction, it was cheap $ 130 i think, but i have to invest another 100 bucks to make it work (charge). Otherwise the phone its a great product, it performs very well i installed ICS and it makes the phone better.The only advice, dont buy it used.

I read reviews for this phone and thought it would be great. after i got it it would shut off on its own . its very slow also. i wouldnt recommend this to anyone.

Good price, good phone, work perfectly. Is very nice photos and film, have beautifull colors and good size and weight. I recommended

The antenna is so bad, I lose reception behind a windowSoftware freezes and I have to pull the battery to get it to work.

Lo pedi desbloqueado a la casa de un amigo en NY, el me lo trajo y lo tengo hace unos 15 dias. Lo mas destacado es su gran y brillante pantalla. Tambien la rapidez y fluides con que te desplazas por los menus. Lo malo es lo poco k dura la bateria y k no tiene adobe flash. En cuanto a la camara, las fotos son decentes y el video bueno. En general el equipo es muy bueno  8.5/10  una gran relacion precio/calidad ... sobre todo por que lo compre usado a 170 dolares

This is the first smart phone I have owned.  It does the job I need it to do well enough, but I have these problems:1.  It freezes a lot necessitating that you take the battery out and then put it back in.2.  It's battery life is basically 24 hours with medium to minimal usage (less than 15 mins of talk time, mostly text and e-mail use).  I have to recharge every night and if I talk a lot in a day, that brings the charge time to two times in a 24 hour period.  Although, it only takes a couple of hours to charge fully.3.  It's slow on major applications like FaceCrack and the Maps.  Ridiculously slow.4.  Had I known the camera did not have a flash, I may not even have purchased this model in the first place.Personally, I don't think Android phones have anything on the iPhone, unless you like to program your own phone to do things, ie you are a programmer and care about such things.There is one thing I do love about this phone, the size and slimness.  That's it.

The phone is very useful, fast and elegant design. The only thing it's need is flash for best pics and video.

The phone that was delivered to me was the worst device listed when I downloaded Quadrant-an app that allows you to compare your device amongst other devices. The Galaxy Captivate is not to suppose to be listed as the worst. On the YouTube video I watched it is suppose to be listed 5th from the best device. This phone has brought me a lot of grief. Most times when I go into my text messages it will just go back to the home screen. It will do this up to 20 times before it decides it wants to let me view my messages. It also brings up random apps or the search bar on its own. I wish I would've done my homework with my insurance before I purchased this phone. I feel though there's nothing I can do. My friends have older phones that work more efficiently than mine. It is a slow, inconvenient and frustrating phone to use. I wish I could either get one that works or get my money back. Does anyone know how I can do this?

I love the phone but wish it had a snooze button on the alarm other then that its a very good phone

I didn't want an iPhone or a hulking large phone so I chose this as my first Android/smartphone. I love how this phone fits nicely in your hand. The screen is vibrant although there is some lag if you're an extensive gamer. Such as, when you open a large app, there will be five or so seconds of wait time. Like the description says, my new phone came unlocked, which means it'll work with T-Mobile. I bought from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings Inc. The battery life isn't too bad as well, although I don't think you would be able to use the phone much if you don't charge every two days.Having owned this phone for over a month, I have discovered a number of problems. It unexpectedly shuts itself off when on an extensive app or multitasking, and sometimes after making a call. You should be the one to hang up first, or this phone might freeze. Quite a faulty device, but I love it when it's working.

Good phone. A bit slow compared to current high tech phones but was worth using it. Nice grip and neat shape

Love it need silicone case tho for protection the phone is just the right size for all of my needs

Great phone for the price.Typical smartphone.I have about maybe 5 apps that I downloaded from the PlayStore, and that seems to run ok.I have to actively shut down each app and clear RAM after use though, or phone will start to run slow.Has frozen only a few times(2-3) since I have gotten it - about a month.No other problems.Connects to wifi very well and quickly.Camera works pretty good.*EDIT/UPDATE*This phone was defective.NOT good at all..I bought this phone for the first time and I really liked it.It was a very 'good' phone (functions and features wise), but it was not a durable phone.After about 2 months, the phone completely stopped working.The power button did not turn on the screen.I had to pop out the battery just to turn it on.I eventually downloaded the app - proximity sensor- to turn on the screen without restarting the phone every time.It got very annoying, so I got an exchange.I still liked the phone, just thought it was a defective one.I received the second phone and it was working fine.Until a few weeks in, the power button started having problems again.This time, it was overly sensitve.The slightest tap would turn the screen on.Putting it in my purse would turn the screen on.That became annoying fast.I eventually returned the phone and bought a new one.This phone was definitely NOT worth the trouble.

I ordered two devices a few days ago. It was a great deal so I was a bit nervous about what the supplier will send me.I was agreeably surprised, I received two unlocked telephones in sealed boxes containing all the accessories.5/5 to the supplier, H&P; Electronics.

buy two phones samsung captivate on whether they work well but apparently rebuilt one they sent me where I buy two brand new ...

Samsung Captivate - Unlocked - BlackI bought one of the best mobile phone in the cellular market. And I'm very happy.Great device, strong and easy and has everything I need.

The 3 prominent weaknesses are: 1) GPS is too weak so basically useless, 2) no flash, 3) no front-facing camera.But the display is GREAT! (At 56 my vision is not the best, but I have little problem with smaller fonts on this display because of the clear resolution of the amoled screen.If it is bloated with AT&T; proprietary apps, these for me just get in the way.  But since I have been able to root it and update (flash) Android 4.2 Jelly Bean (CyanogenMod 10) onto it, I was able to clear out all those apps and load just the ones I want and use.  Being rooted also allows me to utilize and organize the sdcards the way I want.Nice weight and size. I've had no major issues with stability. It did in first year (running Android 2.2 Froyo) freeze sometimes, but quite infrequently.  I just recently updated to Android 4.2, and so far it has seemed stable.  If the price is good, I recommend it even though the model is now over 3 years old.

The Phone is a good phone. Holds up pretty good being so old (as smartphone technology goes). Enjoy this phone!

The product is as described by the seller, it's good. But i am not satisfied with the price. we can get the item for less price in other sites.

Al recibir el samsung captivate me lleve una grata sorpresa, la pantalla amoled se ve muy bien, el tel&eacute;fono luce muy bien, me gusto el touch wiz con el que viene, no me gusto el que at&t desabilitara la posibilidad de instalar aplicaciones fuera del market, pero esto quedo solucionado una vez que instale el rom de cyanogenmod 7, ahora uso el android 2.3.4, el tel&eacute;fono funciona muy bien, definitivamente me ha gustado este tel&eacute;fono samsung en especial la posibilidad de actualizar el tel&eacute;fono es algo que estaba buscando, despu&eacute;s de tener 2 tel&eacute;fonos motorola android, me queda claro que no volver&eacute; a comprar un tel&eacute;fono motorola mas nunca, aunque los tel&eacute;fonos son buenos, motorola tiene una pol&iacute;tica especialmente mala en relaci&oacute;n a la actualizaci&oacute;n de los tel&eacute;fonos.

Not a trusted seller, the devices is not unlocked.Could not use the device and it is of waste.Poor service and product from &#34;Portable Guy&#34; Seller.This phone is of no use after spending so much of money .

I was expecting more since i had heard so much about this phone but it wasn't as quick as i thought it would be.

i love android products and to be able to get the galaxy at this price is a steal. even though it first gen. my only problem is that i had to update to gingerbread before i can allow installation from non market apps

To make this short, I'll list out things it does well and things that are horribly broken:Does:-Makes calls pretty well, dialing and saving contacts this is a champ.-Does emailing like any other standard phoneDoes not:-Turning on the camera is a mess. Just out of the blue the camera stopped working and takes some banging/fiddling for it to work. I never dropped my phone or damaged it in any way.-Stay on. Ever wake up 2 hours late for work wondering why your alarm never went off? Well this phone decides you don't need to work and well I do agree sleep is more important, it decides to turn itself completely off without any reason at all. Wake up, turn it back on, battery life is at 100% so go figure.-Browser sucks donkey. If you are not connected properly, it'll keep prompting you to connect.-Impress anyone, seriously this is a phone that has no pizzazz.-Also phone fails to be recognized when plugging in the usb port after a year, another mystery to me.

loved it

In this year this is a excelent phone with good features, like gps an camera,for people with few hardware requeriments.

The old one just died on me & I replaced it with this one for $135.95. It works just fine. Better than paying $300 for a new one!

After I purchased this phone it arrived promptly brand new still in the factory box..All the items that came with it we new and in great condition..I love the fact that I was able to drop in my T-Mobile sim card and immediately begin using my phone..I would highly recommend this Android phone to everyone who wants a great phone at a great price..

I like this product. It was my first Android phone. I still prefer the vivid colors of windows phone. WiFi  works great on this device. The price is right

The seller did fine with the packaging and shipping and the product came just as described. HOWEVER the Samsung Captivate is A DEFECTIVE PHONE. I have known two other people that had problems with the phone. one of the phones would continue to start up and then it would repeat the start up over and over again. mine worked great for a couple days then decided to not turn on anymore. I tried everything from plugging it in to trying a hard reset, but no matter what I tried the phone would not turn on at all. I STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST PURCHASING THIS PHONE. buy something from Htc or Motorola but avoid Samsung they tend to have a lot of issues with their products.

i really like this product..it arrived on time and in good condition..will recomment this phone to any one needing a good and portable phone..

I don't know what is up with this phone.  It is sleek, it is beautiful, I can connect to and surf the web. One major problem is that no one hears me when I speak.  I have to literally shout and still when I shout I am told that I sound really really far away. This is very frustrating as I hate hearing people talk on their cell phones so I most definitely do not intend to join that inconsiderate club.

This phone was bought to help lower our family cell bills. Since it's 'unlocked' we were able to get a pay-as-you-go plan that is much less expensive. Even as older technology, this phone also seems to be a good substitute for an iPhone, which was too expensive for our 14 yr old! We added a 16g card to boost it, and are using a RedPocket SIM card for a great plan. So far - so good.

Phone came in very good condition but the wifi is week. Very nice phone!The external condition of the phone was just as described.

Through Buy.com, I purchased this phone from Blutekusa. In the beginning the phone seemed fine. However, within 4 months of purchasing the device, the speakers went bad. I could not hear the other person speaking, nor could the other person hear me talk. . When I telephoned SAMSUNG about the speaker problem, Samsung told me based on the IMEI number,that phone's warranty had EXPIRED. The phone was previously owned and BLUTEKUSA HAD SOLD ME A USED phone. Although, BLUTEKUSA fraudulently misrepresent the device, this BUY.COM marketplace seller, refused to refund my money. BUY.COM also REFUSED to assist me in resolving the problem. Although in U.S. dollars, the phone probably cost Samsung less that $39.00 to produce, These 3 entities kept sending me in circles. From all of these 3 parties, I received nothing but excuses about why they "could not" stand behind their product either through a refund or a replacement. Samsung told me to send the phone in for a repair! I did not buy a USED phone, just to send in the device to be repaired. By BLUTEKUSA, BUY.COM was well aware of the fraud committed on its website. Buy.com did nothing about it. The phone's battery also begin to OVERHEAT and the phone kept suddenly SHUTTING OFF! The product was useless! The customer service from all 3 parties was POOR!!!! AVOID THESE 3 ENTITIES! AS A CUSTOMER, I PAID OVER $261.00 FOR THE PHONE. HOWEVER, AS OF THIS DAY, 2/5/13, THE PROBLEM REMAINS UNRESOLVED! Consider buying an iphone from AMAZON.COM!!!

muy responsable ,pronta entrega , todo salio como debe ser , recibido y excelente producto , lo recomiendo 100 %
