
I am a big time nokia fan. Since past 18 years I have used Nokia phones but was never so disappointed. This phone is really a trash. Touch screen does not work well. Unfortunately, the keypad doesn't have any key to support touch screen functions in case the touch screen goes bad. Speakerphone sucks it is better to not having it.My landline's regular phone volume is better than this phone's speaker phone.  Volume is very low. Scrolling on touch screen is horrible. And Internet, you can not use it on this phone with it's touch screen features.I would say if you just want a phone Nokia X2 is way better than this trashy phone. Do not buy this phone. You will regret it.

Very nice appealing phone. Its resistive touch screen is very responsive. Perfect size. Well built. The only disappointing thing I have to say is the fact that it is not a multitask kind of phone. If it was not because of that fact, it would be the perfect "non-smartphone" for those people who are not friends with that concept.

I was expecting the battery to work longer but it is not that great. but i understand that it has color display and wifi.

I was looking for something new, reliable but that had a more modern twist. Full touchscreen phone arent for me. This looked like an ideal fit and afeter a few weeks of reseach and delivery wait the phone has not disapointed.The build quality is good. It feels expensive yet thin and light. I'm a long time Nokia users and still getting used to the 4 key wide keypad but so far so good.You can configure most of the display on home page with ease. Joining wireless network was easy. The touch screen is a little "touchy". Sometimes when you are scrolling it enters a menu. Other tmes it goes two deep yet most of the time it works well. I figured thats just me getting used to it but will see over time. This unit has 5.65 I called Nokia support and V6.0 should be available for my serial number phone in less than 4 weeks. This update reportedly helps the touch screen be more consistent. Will report an update on that if and when...The menu structure is pretty straight forward. As with any new device it takes a few days to get to grips with where everything is. Im really happy with how the OS works for exmaple if you miss a call you can touch and hold that notification and it will give you options to call back or text the person etc. Well thought out although if you are like me and dont read the manual it took a few times expermineting to find these hidden gems.Call quality great. Bluetooth connections easy and functional.OVI store is inconsistent but I didnt buy it for web browsing so that may be my lack of familiarlity and need to explorse/solve rather than a phone issue.Keyboard is a little stiff. After a few days you get used to that. Screen quality is good and overall Im more than happy with my purchase. At $144 for the back one Im delighted and my wife is thinking about getting the pink one.Very happy. Would have 5 stars if the touch screen wasnt quite so "touchy"

Got the X3-02 three weeks ago. And the touchscreen gone dead today. Tried everything suggested online. Basically, can't really do much without the touchscreen. Can't even find a service center near by. What a total waste of time and money.

I have always been a NOKIA fan for its long lfe batteries, strong & sturdy encasements and  signal reception. This time I was making a maiden purchase of a Unlocked phone in US.Over a year I have seen innumerable Smart Phones of different makes & of different statements for individuals but I wondered how many of us actually need a Smart Phone.Do you need to browse google map while driving on a FreeWay??..In 24 hrs we are connected to internet for 18 hrs either thru laptops,desktops,tablets OR ubiquitious phones. Hence, I thought..lets give it a break.I needed a phone which was presentable, strong & capable to many activitied at the same time not provocative to my restless fingers. Lot of brands offer multiple phones..at range of $110-$200 & they are all basically entery level advanced phones..after evaluating all others for their look, style, comaptibility & speed NOKIA was again undisputable choiceX3-02 is Sleek, Slim, Super Battery life, Awesome Display & Camera...& Quite sufficient for those who do not need data plans( OR Free Way plans :) ) but are happy with Wi-Fi at hotspots/home..This phone is For you..You can watch Youtubes,work on Facebooks & likes..( although display might not be comparable to iPhone)Do not compare to Smart phones of Apple,Samsung or > $200 range..if you like superfast,high resolution GUI & Apps go for iPhone..This Phone is not for you

I bought this phone for my husband and he absolutly loves it. He is a type of person who doesn't like new touch screen phones. So to make this transition  smoother for him I got him this phone that combines best of both worlds and he just loves it. It gives him ability to still use keypad if he'd like as well as slowly get use to touching technics. In addition, this phone is very "good" looking: small and modern looking, which is a big plus. Also, pics are great, talk hours are great(even though it is half touch phone, easily go for three days without charging). In general, great phone for people who still would like to use keypad.

Bought this one for my mom.... she is very happy :) Sound clarity is amazing... and display too... and slick... cheers...

I regret to buy this phone online from Amazon. Only couple months, the touch screen did not work. Unfortunately, the keypad doesn't have any key to support touch screen functions in case the touch screen goes bad. So, the phone is trash now.

Trying really, really hard too like this phone, but, unfortunately it lacks many intuitive features, and the software is cumbersome and clunky.Returning to an iPhone because it just works well, sorry Nokia.

The X3-02 is a good entry level smartphone, the touch screen interface is good as the calls reception, good battery life, materials an construction feels solid and durable, it's better to add a silicon protector to grab the phone securedly, because the metal back feels slippery, the phone do not come with micro usb cable to connect to a computer, you have to buy a separete cable, I dont know why Nokia do this, only few models comes with the usb cables, this must be a standart feature included in the box, this is my 4th Nokia phone, I'll recommend for people who want an entry level smatphone. Works perfetly with cellphone carriers in my country (GSM, Movilnet).

If you like a simple phone, this one is handy and elegant looking. if you already have experience with ipphone, you're going to get disappointed with this one. don't buy this just because of its touchscreen capapbility...it's bad.i'll just say, great-looking phone. if you've used NOkia before and not a fan of touchscreen.... you might like this.

excelente

Touch not too good, but still ok. Battery 1 day use. Sound: good. The phone is little small. Nice phone

Nokia nunca me desiluciono. Lo probe con las compa&ntilde;ias celulares de Argentina y funciona perfecto. Delgado, practico, producto para recomendar.

I buy this product, because of nokia brand, thinking of good company name, but it is very disappointing that its touch sometimes is not working

Phone works great. Reception is very acceptable. The price ir great and the mixture of "touch and type" is very interesting.

Nice phone.  I had issues with battery life before I reloaded software from the Nokia site.  For longer battery life, I would also recommend turning off Bluetooth and the WLAN search when they are not in use,.  Setting the phone to GSM only helps too. The phone came will with a euro/ac adapter which is crap and didn't fit my wall outlets. It wasn't charging the phone properly.  I purchased a $5.00 A/C travel adapter which did the trick.  Great phone for those of us who refuse to buy a smart phone and don't want to be tied to a hand-held computer all day.

product was just as described.  as for the seller, shipping was quick. i paid, and i received.  some reviews said this phone got funky at times.  I've had this for about a month, and it was a huge upgrade from the Samsung Evergreen, which liked to restart itself when I received a text, or sometimes by itself for no reason at all.  It also shut itself off sometimes whenever I received an incoming call.  i haven't had any problems with the touchscreen, which other reviewers have remarked.  the phone itself is a very light slim candy bar phone, easy to carry.

The truth was suspicious because the first purchase I make in USA, for the package I felt a great calm.The article received conforms to the characteristics sought in the purchase online at the website of the Amazon store.The Nokia X3-02 is very nice features and functions normally in my country.EscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamenteDiccionario

es un telefono basico con pantalla tactil, tiene lo necesario para las redes sociales como facebook, el video y las fotos de calidad aceptablescomo todos los nokia tiene un excelente sonido, tiene wifi, trae incluida una tarjeta de memoria de 2 gigas para almacenar canciones foto y video.el telefono viene en espa&ntilde;ol y otros 10 idiomas para escojer, y se puede actualizar todo el software desde ovi.asi que lo de version usa es solo por la garantia porque si algo pasa hay que devolverlo a eeuu.

This Nokia X3-02 is not a smartphone but is incredibly reliable as far as call quality and cell signal are concerned. The body is well made and solid with a lot of metal built into it. It is so small that it can fit it the mini coin pocket of my jeans or in the sleeve pocket of my mechanic button-down shirt. If not for the weird keypad (hard to text), sub-par battery, mediocre camera (awful macro shots!), and sluggish touchscreen, I would have given four stars.

This phone gets good reception, in spite of my spotty coverage from my wireless operator.  Touch screen has clear graphics and the right level of touch sensitivity.My biggest complaint is that while texting, some of the keys stick.  You also have to touch the keys just right (in the absolute center of the key and pressing directly down), or the letters won't appear--very annoying!

phone arrived without battery and with an instruction manual written in Deutsch (German.)  phone back cover was loose in box, guessing someone borrowed battery?  either way, merchant should have inspected before shipping.  purchased battery online and installed.  phone works fine if your looking for a basic touch screen phone.

This was a really nice phone sleek and many useful elements to the phone.  Had to return and they were excellent in that aspect also.

This phone is a beauty.  It is thin, thin, thin and very streamline.  Good quality construction all around.  People with big hands might have a tough time holding on to it.  The overall comparison of this phone fits in between the low end c-phones and a smart phones.  Screen is not high end smart phone quality; I do not use this phone for the Internet, texting/IM, though you can.  I wanted a phone that will not slave me to a master.  GMS phones give you two options: ATT and TMoble mobile service providers AND I can do a pay-as-I-go without the bog-me-down contract.  Don't want the endless updates or your phone/computer won't work right non-sense, and the limiting handcuffing status it puts me, the consumer, into.  Not interested in buying a new phone after a few years because of marketing schemes.  For those who like to operate a cell phone device with one hand, this Nokia is perfect.  The freedom of AFFORDABLE unlock phone with this mid-set quality is limited to this one only!  For the price, the quality, and most importantly the freedom of being a free market consumer instead of a locked-down-hog-tied one, this phone is wonderful; this phone is perfect for my use.  We need to move away from being brain-dead consumers and stop allowing ourselves to be dragged around by businesses telling us what we want, what we need, what we can have, what we must do, what we must pay for.  Why are they dictating our wants and needs?!  Unlock phone with an affortable price point should be encouraged; in fact, after we've finished dishing out thousand of dollars for our c-phone contract, our phones should be unlocked/unlockable so we are free to use the device as we chose.  With this phone, I feel such a relief of freedom, though I am limited to two service providers (this will change soon), I'm freer than before.

It don't worth the price I paid, too small, the screen comes irresponsible, can't add mp3 ring tones neither welcome screen..

The small size is perfect. The touchscreen is not that good but you can get used to it. Battery runs out too fast while the wi-fi is on. Considering all the things this phone offers you, it is a good cell phone. Not too much apps, but I use it mostly for calls and texts, you can have Whatsapp and mail, but they are vey simple. It can handle falls but it is better not to test that.

This phone is extremely tiny and I am very disappointed in it as I was expecting something better for the price I've paid for it.

is a good phone for this price. is good with keyboard and touch screen, the battery is good,and camera is not bad

I really love this phone because of the size, feature and battery life. The only downside is the graphic resolution and also that it took a lot of work to get connected to the internet. If you want a simple basic phone then this is for you.

Why? price has risen so if a couple of days ago only cost $ 144 is due to this increase?

I grading this product as 4 as it is very good product but very small. I was expecting a little bigger product for a gift.

I really enjoyed this phone. I think it was an excellent buy. I recommend it to all people. About contras I thing there are no ones.

I like this phone, I had a Nokia C3 that went through the washing machine and broke so I was out looking for a similar nokia phone, im not a smart phone friendly guy, those just don't connect with me at all, so this phone is a great match to the C3...the downside is that the user manuel it came with is in german or Netherlands, but not in English, also the charger is both euro and us style, it has the two pin euro and a usa plug, to use it you plug the 2 pin euro into the usa then into  with the wall (ackward)...anyways it doesent work will not charge, however my charger from the C3 I had does work with the X3...so there you go...

This phone is very good, easy to use the fact that is touch makes it more easy to use. The battery duration is very good, good signal reception and clearness when talking. Only thing is that the internet doesn't work with the wireless connection in my house, i don't know why bescause other cellphones work well with this connection. Good camera, nice music player, also very good price compared to the prices in my country (here it costs double the price). I highly recommend this cellphone, very good quality.

es excelente es te tel&eacute;fono. por el precio, mejor, ya que en Venezuela es muy costoso, pero compr&aacute;ndolo por aqu&iacute; es mejor, lo &uacute;nico que no trae, es la memoria micro SD. ademas de poseer teclado, la pantalla es t&aacute;ctil. y funciona perfectamente con las redes de mi pa&iacute;s...

I find the Nokia x3-02 easy to work with the basic features. The phone is rather small with small screen, great for basic needs to include the usage of media features like the web and radio, sending photos. I would not recommended for folks that are looking for fancy features and have lots of experience with cell phones.

The article is excellent.The downside is that it took two months and a few days to get my hands on, was pretty long, but worth the wait.I recommend it to all my friends, lovers of new technologies in cellular.

You cannot update the firmware for this phone.  I've tried contacting tech support, level 2 tech support, etc. and have had no luck. The Nokia support site says you can update this in the US.  Do not trust it.  You cannot update it via phone update or nokia pc suite or nokia software updater.The phone otherwise is a piece of beautiful machinery: elegant looking, loud, and great great receptions.  The home screen is customizable and the loud speaker sounds great.  The music player software is awful, though.  It's simple to use, but it needs some major update.Anyhow, a traveling global phone, it's awesome.  It fits in your wallet if you need it to.

in the cell can not set the Spanish language, please tell me how to solve this problem, I have tried in many ways and I could not even reinstall the phone software did not work

It is incredible that Nokia has come up with a super sleek phone with almost all the feature you would look for in a smart phone. Look and feel of the phone make this phone a huge bargain for the price of the phone.Do not compare to Smart phones of Apple,Samsung or &#62; $200 range..if you like superfast,high resolution GUI & Apps go for iPhone..This Phone is not for you

it is a excellent cell phone you can use it with movilnet, movistar, digitel and more  it is a excellent cell phone you can use it with movilnet, movistar, digitel and more

Pretty sharp, especially for such a small phone (as compared to today's standards for touch screen displays).  Part of me wonders why I feel like I need the physical keys - my cell phone experience might be more enjoyable if I opted for a full touchscreen - but in the end, I'm weird and I love having the physical keys, even though it's t9 entry and not qwerty. Anyway.  If you don't want to read this all:  Low priced phone with plenty of features, not a true smart phone but has enough to keep most happy, provided that you have small hands and do not require the extreme polish and power of the highest end phones.Note: I have not set this phone up with a plan yet, so I cannot comment as to call quality and such.  I will comment on everything else that I have experienced.Handset has a solid, polished feel. Lightweight but not flimsy. Smallish unit, not for people with sausage fingers, fine for me. Size of display is respectable, considering the size and configuration of the device.  Keys are enjoybly clicky.  Clean, attractive design.  I will say that I knew it was a small phone, but I hoped it would be slightly bigger.  At least it fits into any pocket or armband!The layout is a simple candybar, but hybrid style: physical keys plus touchscreen, no slide out.  An odd combo or a match made in heaven, depending on who you ask.  I like it, it's one of the main reasons I purchased it.  On the negative side, it totally contributes to the smaller size of the display.Battery cover is metal.  A little tricky to remove sometimes (you have to simultaneously press two rather small buttons at either side of the bottom part of the phone to release the cover), but just enough so that it should never come off on its own in your pocket or wherever. MicroSD slot is unobstructed by the battery, which is convenient (see power up comments!). Cover is easy to close, you just have to make sure you get both sides at the bottom fully snapped in, or you may welcome dust and dirt inside.Headphone jack is standard 3.5mm.  A must, far as I'm concerned.  From left to right as you view the face of the handset, this jack is at the top, next to the micro usb port and the charger jack.  To sum it up, physically, this phone is attractive and user friendly for individuals with accurate and slender fingers/small hands.Power on the handset and...of wait, IF YOU HAVE THE MICROSD CARD ALREADY INSERTED, half the time, the screen flashes and the handset refuses to come on.  If this happens to you, no worries, I've figured it out.  The phone does not like coming on with the microSD card inserted, sometimes.  Weird, annoying, probably enough right there to warrant a replacement if you're under warranty, but it's endurable, check it out: if this happens to you, remove the battery cover and press the microSD card to release it, and you will be able to power on your phone.  Then, press the microSd card back in and all is well.  Everything is peachy keen once the phone is on. When turned on, it comes to a standard home screen which is of course configurable.  I like that you click the time to get to the alarm clock, and I'm sure almost every phone in the world does this, but I love being able to set any sound that you record (or video, I think) as your wake up call (or ringer).  Anyway, you can set the home screen as you like, putting whatever you want in a set number of spots arranged a la typical nokia home screen format, or going with the grid display.  Definitely makes things more convenient for the individual user depending on what you use the most. I have mine set with my music and radio at the bottom, WLAN search above that, time and calendar above that, and fav contacts above that.  Whatever you do, though, what you want is never more than a couple touches away.The vibration feedback is quick and just enough feedback, and you can of course turn it off to save power. Accuracy of the touchscreen sometimes seems off, but again, it's a smallish display.  Also, you can calibrate it, of course, and that does help if you happen to have certain patterns in how you place your touches (i.e. if you tend to go low).  That helped in my case. Also, compared to other touchscreens, you will sometimes kind of have to actually press it, as a light touch doesn't always do the trick.  Swiping across the screen makes everything move as it seems it should, just make sure your initial touch is firm enough (note: I recently downloaded facebook for the device, which is different than how fb operates if you just go into it from the browser, and in this version, screen swipes barely move the screen.  Weird.  But visually, it's still more enjoyable than the stripped down standard browser version).Display is sharp, clear. It's not an HD tv, though, in case that's what you're expecting.  Decent view in the sun, not amazing, as with most phones.You can play with this phone quite a bit without having a voice plan.  I use my home's wi-fi to access the internet, which is a somewhat limited and of course small version thereof, but totally useable.  Not a bit deal for someone like me who doesn't play on the internet much.  Videos are surisingly enjoyable, in my opinion - clear enough visually, good sound, no delays or jumpiness that I've experienced yet, though I'm sure especially high traffic sites and/or longer vids would cause that.  With videos, you can opt for "full screen" (horizontal) mode, which of course helps.5mp camera, without flash.  Slight shutter delay, which is annoying, and I think the delay is what led to most of my early pictures blurry, since I get impatient and move. But once you are able to chill out for a couple seconds, you can get pretty good pics, as long as the subject is more than a foot away and the lighting is ok.  I am somewhat surprised to say that even relatively low light pictures aren't horrible...but again, there has to be some amount of light, since there's no flash.  Pictures look less amazing on the phone than they do when uploaded onto your pc, as is generally the case with cameras and camera phones (this is because the display is a lower resolution than the actual picture).  I'm surprised at how many people don't realize this!The music player is pretty nice.  You might have some difficulties synching up from Windows Media Player or whatever (via usb), but once I decided to just synch to my microSD directly (with the adapter to the reguar size of an SD card), it was a snap.  Playlists apparently don't tranfer, however.  At least not from Media Player.  When I synched, it pulled EVERYTHING onto the microSD card, including my wife's (no offense) awful music.  Good thing I opted for the 16GB microSD card.  :)  Anyway, creating and managing playlists from the handset is a breeze.  The one thing I haven't quite fugured out is if there is a way to remove songs from a playlist that is as easy as adding them.  I haven't spent much time on this yet, but it doesn't appear that it works as easily in both directions, which may mean that you would be better off starting a playlist over if you accidentally put the smae song in twice, as I did.  Or, just skip it when it comes on the 2nd time!FM radio included.  Cool.  Have to have headphones inserted, though - they act as antenna.  And I believe there are apps available if you want to listen to practically any radio station available in the world.Sound quality is good.  Sound distortion with external speakers at highest levels, duh.  Not a problem with the headphones though.  There seems to be a pretty low limit on max volume, compared to what I expected.  It's plenty loud enough for me, even when I use it while excercising, but you may be disappointed if you are someone who likes to blast your headphones so loud that your neighbors can hear it.  I recommend special earbuds like yurbuds (seriously, look these up) or something if you find the headphone volume too low for you.  Equalizer is a nice touch.The included games are kind of lame.  I mean the memory games and such are very simplistic but fun for dorks like me, whereas what you'd think would be the "fun" games, like the breakdancing one, sucks.  Guitar Hero is a nice included game, sort of, but trying to move quickly and accurately on this size of display is difficult. Whatever, I barely play the games anyway.  You can download many more games and apps from the ovi store.Summary: I sort of love the handset, physically.  It's just about perfect for me, ergonomically, and everything is easy to use in general.  The power on/microSD conflict issue can be really annoying if you are in the habit of turning on your phone while on the go, but I can probably manage, or see about an exchange.  I know that I signed my our fate when going for a phone with this type of hybrid layout, but the screen could stand to be slightly bigger.  Also, this phone is so slim and small, they might have done better with the physical keys on a slide out.  Nokia has models like that, but to me, they were not as attractive as the x3-02.  Overall grade: B.

Thought this would be a good option for my mom. What a mistake. The touch screen interface is very difficult to navigate and not intuitive. The phone is so small in the hand its difficult to dial a number. Don't buy this phone unless you are looking for a throw away.

I bought this for my mom, she doesn't know much about phones so i picked this one.. It's pretty simple and easy to use. Take photos really nicely. Only thing i'm not happy about is that the batery doesn't last more than a day. I don't know if it is because of the phone was made to use it only in America (I'm from Venezuela)... Anyway, this is a nice phone and u should buy it if u like simple and comfy stuff.

good morning,please I need to send me the invoice for the purchase of Nokia X3-02 urgently.I'll appreciate your prompt responseBest Regards

after 1.5 yrs...the speaker stopped working in middle of a conversation.....nokia outles/store could not fix it....touch screen is bad too....it always opens up something else even when that function is not touched...

Like many others, I have been a long time fan of Nokia phones, they are not always the most high end of phones like the current Iphone or androids but I myself dont really need to carry around a $400 dual-core processor android phone all day. That's what my laptop is for! I have gone through many phones with T-mobile and the prices of phones just get more expensive and they are just cheesy phones, In my opinion. When I first saw this phone I knew it was love at first sight. Something about the simplicity of the candy bar style design of nokia phones just intrigues me, especially with the design of this new x3 touch and type. Its refreshingly new and sleek. and almost as slim as my 4g Ipod touch which makes it easy to carry around in your pocket with no hassle. not like all those other heavy touch screen phones that mimic the Iphone. Its almost weightless, yet heavy enough to remind you of the quality. The quality of the touch screen is not high definition by any means, but very good considering it's a Nokia. Being able to text with the keypad and use the touch screen to navigate through menus and settings and such is a perfect combination on this phone. You really have to hold it in your hand to experience it. And its a nokia so the battery life is awesome of course. I read a few bad reviews on this phone before I bought it, but if your looking for a simple yet smart little phone that is very easy to use and reliable then this nokia is the phone for you! Anyone who likes the touchscreen feature but doesnt need all those apps and useless programs on the newer phones this is your phone!!!

This phone is a nice alternative to a smart phone. I LOVE the size and the combo touchscreen and keypad features. I like the lock button too; it keeps me from accidental dailing. But what really sold me on this phone is the camera. The camera IS FANTASTIC. The screen DID lock up on me once, but my hubs just turned it off and back on. I've only had the phone for a few months so I'm hoping that doesn't become a recurring problem.

I had Nokia X3 three phones for a year. One stopped working too soon. Second's touch screen isn't working. It is probably a time to get a new model.

This is a very good cell, Great trade, thanks a lot. It has all the features that the link said.

Got this phone in about 2 weeks ago. It is much different from the iPhone. It should be though. The touch screen is not Apple but once you give it a day or two, good to go ! The options available as compared to many other models are surely THERE. Sound qualiy has a lot be improved upon, but it's functional. 4 star rating as it is a bit small of a screen, requires a precise touch and overall is a bit to be improved upon. For the $, it proves its worth.

i have bought the nokia x3-x2 for about 6 mts and as soon as i bought it i had a problem with the battery staying charged i contacted  the dealer and they offered to change my battery no charge i  changed it but my battery only stays charged for about 12 hours i really like nokia phones and will like to keep this one so can anybody help me with this problem

I just wanted a normal phone, as I was using a iPhone before so the touch screen helped me a lot as I did not missed the touch. It is a light weight phone and it's a Nokia so you never go wrong.

excelente el servicio y lo mas importante de una forma rapida... muchas gracias!!!Nokia X3-02 Unlocked Touch and Type GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Metal)

I was looking for a phone for my family in my country and this I found very good and did not really disappoint me, delivery was fast well, all well packed and in good condition, would recommend 100%

I would not recommend buying this phone because it only lasted 8 months and I used it very little. I definitely did not get my money's worth out of it. I had it checked out by a cell phone repairman. After replacing the port that connects with the charger, the cell phone kept shutting off. He said it couldn't be repaired and that I needed a new phone.

very good cellphone ,i like it , this work very well the colour is peferct for and the cost is good

Got the unit in good working condition and received it ahead of expected delivery. Still getting used to it since the space and zero id located on the right outermost key as compared to most which is in the lower middle key of the pad. Satisfaction guaranteed by the seller.

It is incredible that Nokia has come up with a super sleek phone with almost all the feature you would look for in a smart phone. Look and feel of the phone make this phone a huge bargain for the price of the phone.But, what it lacks IMHO is a decent camera experience. It lacks the camera focus feature that one finds in almost any decent phone and so, taking a sharp pic is ruled out. 5MP camera without focus feature is counter intuitive. It also doesn't have a front facing camera but oh well, can't have everything in a phone that comes at a good bargain.Pros: Sleekness, Design, Price for featues: 3G, WiFiCons: CameraIn the end, I didn't care much about the camera as it serves as a great gift for your loved ones.

As someone who is online with a laptop or tablet most hours of the day I've avoided the expense and recharging hassles of smartphones.I use my X3-02 with the T-Mobile Pay as You Go service in the States. This was an upgrade from a candybar style 5130c XpressMusic which served me well for basic voice service, SMS, and a music player. Battery life was ~7 days with light service. I travel internationally 3-4 times a year and so wanted a phone to accept the regional carrier sim cards or ideally the ability to make VoIP calls.Here's a breakdown of the X3 features.Fit and finish: *****Compact and well built. Metallic case and nice size buttons.Documentation: ***Printed manual with package was in German but found the English edition easy enough online.Battery life: ***When the WiFi automatic WAN connection option is enabled battery life is less than 2 days. With WiFi and BT disabled ~5 days. My charging routine is to use the USB cable to re-synch calendar and contacts with my office laptop. This also recharges the phone.Voice/SMS: *****Works as expected. Like the threaded-discussion style presentation of messages.VoIP/IM: **I have not been able to make internet calls yet with the phone. I may have a home firewall issue. I've tried ippi and FriendCaller service providers without success. IM via WhatsApp did work for me between Japan and the States. This was a nice upgrade over the old 5130. VoIP is something I continue to troubleshoot. Other mainstream/popular apps for VoIP from Skype or Vonage are focused on the iOS and Android markets and so do not currently offer Symbian support.Camera: ****Big upgrade for me to go from the 2 Megapixel 5130 to a 5 Megapixel X3.Media player: ****Works. Nice short cut controls and volume rocker on the side of the phone.Personalization: *****I like to customize my interface and the X3 provides lots of theme and screen organization options so you can put your preferred tools at the level and order you prefer.Apps: ***The practical app selection is low for the X3 and the bulk on the Nokia OVI store depends on the Nokia Xpress Web Browser to run instead of standalone Java apps. Many apps appear to be cheap excuses to display banner ads. Most of the city guides are oriented to metro areas of India. I could not find a good map application and without GPS or cell tower triangulation apps with geo-location will not work. I did fine a few helpful apps that certainly raise the value this phone over the most basic voice/SMS: WhatsApp for IM, e-mail (Yahoo and POP), Weather Channel, Opera browser. The Xpress web browser is a bit awkward and does not handle website redirect pages very well. Not sure if it's Javascript handling or what the root cause it. I find myself having to do lots of page refreshing to get pages to load completely. I like to use the Panera cafes in my area for long lunch / work sessions and the log-in and redirect process to get online causes pages to freeze under Xpress. I believe Xpress must be used as part of the WAN connection process (instead of Opera or UC Browser alternatives).

I have read may comments posted here and I can state that I too have suffered from the main issue of this Nokia X3-02. The touchscreen is absolutely terrible. Because of this, which I believe is a factory defect, I am no longer inclined to buy a Nokia mobile just because of the brand name.I wanted a simple but elegant Nokia "candy-bar" mobile and not a smart phone. I thus ordered this mobile primarily for the aesthetic reasons; it looks gorgeous and also feels solid. It is extremely well built and has metal cover on its back, which is great. It is also extremely small and fits comfortably and doesn't weigh down on shirt pocket as well.I'd enjoyed this mobile from May 2012 until January 2014 when the touchscreen rendered it useless. I even scoured the Internet and Nokia forums for all sorts of help. Tried factory reset, calibration, software update [and why for this mobile is beyond me-this is not a smart phone, really], and even took notice of extreme temperatures as this touchscreen is apparently having issues. In the end, I am resorted to now either try to sell it [who will pay for it, even not sure if mobile repair-service folks will] or to pay more money by ordering hardware and then repairing myself.I did not drop the mobile or have it squished. It did not suffer damage, including water damage, and I had it well-maintained. So, just one day in January 2014, it started freezing and within a period of about a few weeks, it ultimately was rendered useless.I urge you to consider carefully these reviews before ordering this particular model. Nokia, if you are reading this, you should take note. You might have designed a gorgeous mobile but in the end, it's absolutely rubbish because a vast majority of customers have issues with the touchscreen.Finally, if you really want this mobile, then ask yourself how much you can afford to have it for and for how long a time! If I had know that it'd be "dead" after nearly 1 1/2 years, I would not have ordered it.I wish I had read carefully the reviews from Amazon customers before ordering this particular Nokia model.Anyhow, here's the rundown for you:PROS:*Stunning stellar looks and strong sold feel.*Well-built, not flimsy.*The back is metal-cover and that's practical.*Keypad feels solid and comfortable.*Super thin, super light, can comfortably fit without notice in shirt pocket*Concept of "touch-n-type" actually makes sense and works intuitively IF the darn touchscreen were to workCONS*UNRELIABLE because touchscreen unresponsive after nearly 1 1/2 years*Factory battery unable to hold charge after 1 yr.  I ordered replacement battery on Amazon. Battery does not have great talk time overall is not strong on holding charge*Touchscreen is terrible, absolutely terrible and ultimately will fail so that the mobile will be useless.Because of these issues, I am giving this a 1-star.

muy buen telefono lo tengo en funcionamiento en Venezuela, y es de gran utilidad muy bonito y practico para usar

Excelent Product and seller. This phone connect correctly in Venezuela.

I bought it in September but until today no one gave me that respusta ps with the phone, I wrote but never respodio seller.

I got a Nokia X3-02 and my girlfriend is so happy with it. The Us Version include the spanish language, but it would be better if includes a micro SD. Whatever, I think it is an excellent phone.

The whole buying process went well but I sent the invoice from which the cell and that is a must in this country, Venezuela. Thank many of you know if there is a way to retrieve at least digitally.

I am so livid.  I got this phone in pink and they shipped me the one with chinese symbols and refuse to take it back.  It did not read my AT&T sim card and lost all my contacts.  Glad I hung on to my old Samsung.  It kept asking me for a PUK number which I have NO idea where or what that is.  I highly do not recommend this until they make it compatible and get the bugs out.  Ugh.. Rating should be a big 0

Pros:- It's nice and compact.  Light weight too, so it fits easily in a shirt pocket.- Very good voice call quality.  As good as my iPhone 4.- Decent battery life.  What a breath of fresh air when compared to the power sucking smartphones that have brought in the age of cellphone cases with battery packs.  The initial charge on this Nokia led to a standby time of over a week.  Now, it averages about 3-4 days between charges.  This is with mild use since I use my iPhone more.- Quite a configurable user interface.- It has a immediate screen locking button to prevent inadvertent activity via the touch screen.Cons:- I'm not convinced the touch screen really improves usability and was likely included as a gimmick to improve sales or potential buyer interest.- The touch screen is just ... OK.  The sensitivity is just acceptable and I often end up selecting items while trying to scroll.- Unfortunately, some features are accessible only via the touch screen.  I wish this weren't the case but....- Working with the address book can be tedious since I can search only via the first or last names depending on how you choose to list names, i.e., first then last as opposed to last then first.Overall, it's a pretty good phone.  I purchased it since I didn't need two smartphones and it has delivered in its light weightedness, simplicity and longer battery life.  However, I can't say that I'm impressed with the touch screen feature.  I'm happy to see that simpler phones are still in circulation.  The smartphone craze and general feature overkill are getting out of hand.

I have been a long time Nokia user but have been turned off by their latest models but this one made up for it. The Nokia X3-02 is perfect for those who are still avoiding the Smartphone / PDA / Blackberry / iPhone / Android craze (VIVA LE REVOLUCION). It has a nice little touch screen that comes with a full touch QWERTY keypad. You can use a stylus (not included) with it which I recommend since the screen is smaller than other touch screens. The resolution is great and sound is near perfect. The Bluetooth functionality is a little spotty, it disconnects from my car's bluetooth link up randomly but works perfectly on my Jawbone bluetooth earpiece. Configuring the SMS and Web functionality was a bit confusing but the WiFi function makes up for that. You can be within an open WiFi singal and connect without having to go through your Network provider which is a major plus.

I was expecting this to be a low value of Nokia but its a good mobile to use in a day to day. I relay recommend this unit.... worth it price.

PROS-This phone is what you want if you use a PHONE.I tried MANY phones -from- AT&T; (and returned all of them) wanting a phone I could use for phone calls.  ALL of them -would not- allow me to call my WIRED TELEPHONE ANSWERER and pick up messages.  These were called SMART PHONES but they -would not- allow me to punch in a code for the answerer in order to retrieve my messages.The SMART PHONES just would not allow me to enter the numbers and pick up messages.  I'm no dummy and tried every way I could to retrieve messages.  It seems they block key entry when calling.This phone has a KEYPAD -and- a TOUCH SCREEN.  You can use EITHER, so you are not -locked out- from pushing numbers after calling, yet you can use the TOUCH SCREEN to do other things.The phone is VERY intuitive and allows you to do SMART PHONE things if you want.The battery life is good, similar to my old Motorola.The 5 mb camera/video is good but not excellent for a cell phone.CONS-The USB port -charging- is funky. The TOP indicator (on the phone) indicates you are CHARGING when connected but you may NOT be unless your PC -recognizes- your phone.  So you have a CHARGE indicated on the TOP indicator but the phone POPS UP a message saying PHONE NOT FULLY CHARGED, kind of weird.The Nokia PC software like Nokia PC Suite or OVI Suite are IMHO pretty much useless.  They don't seem to work with this phone and get DRIVER ERRORS when I installed them.  I contacted Nokia with no help.The plus side is you can connect the phone to W7 and MANUALLY transfer most things.  I'm not sure how this will work with my CONTACTS -if- I ever want to RESTORE them to a phone.  The Motorola allowed me to do this very simply.  I could keep a backup on my PC with little effort.Except for the CONTACTS BACKUP - this is a great phone.

Nokia doesn't allow this phone (US product code) to update its firmware so you're stuck with what was put on when the phone first came out including all its bugs. There have already been two new firmware releases from the firmware my handset states and Nokia's US website even says the phone needs to be updated but it wont update.

awesome phone must have if you like nokia you should buy this one simple phone can do smart things. great gift device i buy this phone for all of my friends sounds funny but they love it.
