
I got this phone for my son. He was not entirely happy with it.  The mp3 player never worked. It rejected the  sd card and the buttons were too small. If you just wanted to make and receive calls the phone was ok.

I purchased this phone for my husband to use while he travels for work.  I've had it for a week and it's only worked for a few days.  The first issue was it wouldn't recognize the phone number.  I called the customer service phone number and was waiting while the operator was "looking at my account" for a half hour.  I eventually hung up.  Then the phone started working and was usable for about two days.  Then today, it says 'unregistered sim' and it will not make or receive calls.  I have had to call customer service once again and they say they are sending me a new sim card. I've owned many phones over the years, both contract phones with the big companies and prepaid phones like this and I've never had as many problems as I've had with this one.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  I'm very tempted to throw it in the trash and sign up with AT&T; once again.Update: 5/2/12  After receivng my new SIM card, once again I had to call the lovely people at Tracfone customer service.  I tried to reactivate my phone online.  It said wait one hour, then wait four hours.  I called and was on the phone for at least 20 mins, holding most of that time for the supervisor to come help.  She finally decided that they would have to send me a second SIM card.  Bottom line, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  It's a piece of junk.  I've had it for nearly a month and it was only working for two days.

I read online reviews and looked at one in the store before I bought this phone.  It is actually the first Tracfone I have bought that I was excited about!  I have had a Tracfone for years, and it is now my "back-up" cell phone.  I really didn't feel that I needed a smartphone with this but I wanted to be able to text more easily and have the possibility of web access not that I use it much.  The phone was no surprise then after researching it, and I didn't expect a smartphone or even semi.  That's not what this phone is.But I like the more modern look and also that it is not branded Tracfone on the outside (I usually turn off the automatic screen display of minutes anyway).  It was easy to install the battery and get it charging.  Then I was pleasantly surprised that customer service had my number and service transferred so easily.  This was the best experience I have had with them on the phone!  My reception seems good, and testing works fine.  I have not put a microSD card in yet, but I will update if I have any problems with that.  The keyboard is small but is is nicely responsive for me and my smallish hands.  Accessing the menu to change wallpaper, settings, and enter contacts was simple and for me intuitive.  The keypad lock and unlock is different than what I am used to, but after a couple of times I like the way it works--you press a specific key to lock than you have to press first unlock than immediately press yes to unlock.  This seems like it will prevent accidental unlocking.So far, I have not found anything that I don't like about this phone.  Just be make sure you know what it is, not a smartphone nor a touchscreen, and that the keypad is small.  As with other Tracfones, the so-called user manual is scanty on details so you may need to look up additional information.  It takes my standard 3.5 headphones although the jack is sort of at an angle.  For the price, it is a great phone and I'm very glad I updated my Tracfone to this model.

This is a great phone for texting and talking. Not great for web browsing, it takes a very long time to load (using up your minutes all the while) and it won't display large pages (even google).  I have been able to use it in a pinch to look up websites just to find an address or phone number.

My husband and I have been using this phone as our cell phone for about a year now. It works great for us because we don't want any expensive calling plans because we do not use the phone so much for calls or texts. We don't use the internet at all, but that is an option if you choose. The phone is great because my husband takes it on the bus to work and loves the Mp3 player it has. Pictures are ok quality, but nothing spectacular. You have to purchase a mini-sdhc card to store music and pictures, etc. I think the highest it will take though is about 4g's. Still, we love it and it serves our purposes. We also use it for alarms for waking up, for work, and for medicines. You can buy or make your own ringtones. It comes with two games, one that actually kind of helps you get used to the small keyboard, and the other one is a racing game like Pole Position. Other games are downloadable though. It's great because we only have to spend about $30 every 3 months or so to get about 380 minutes (with coupon codes and double minutes included with phone purchase). It's much better than having to be a slave to places like AT&T!

This phone did not work in my area (Maine coast). I called Tracfone and even though I purchased the phone on Amazon, they are replacing it free (as long as I send them this phone). They're sending the LG290C, which is a $50 slider phone. I'm okay with that.

I love this phone, works great and has everything I wanted. Saved tons by buying it here, takes good video and good pics for a phone but don't expect miracles, added a 4 mb mini sd card, by the way 8 will not work in it. Blue toothed from my friend tons of songs to listen to or use as ringtones so no per download charge from Tracfone.  Letters are small but OK. This is a phone I take out on photo shoots when I am in remote areas so no great loss if I drop it or lose it.

This phone is the best of the three cell phones I have owned. It has an MP3, camera/video, full keybord and voice recorder. It gives no fuss, always works, has a long battery life. I charge it once or twice a week. Although it depends on how much you use it. I have dropped it three times. Once, down part of a flight of wooden stairs. Once, onto a brick, and once onto the floor. It acts as if it was never dropped. Great phone. And it doesn't cost much either. Five stars!

OK, I take back my earlier posted comment.  This is a great phone.  I was just having trouble moving pics from the phone to my computer.  They can't be downloaded directly for reasons only Tracfone understands so you have to mail them to yourself.  But first you have to figure out how to email a message because there are several links on the web about others not being able to capture their photos with this phone.  First you have to select the pic, then select Options, then Send.  Now, to enter an email address you must FIRST PRESS THE KEY ON THE LOWER LEFT KEYBOARD THAT HAS A DIAGONAL ARROW POINTING TO A SQUARE AND THEN ENTER THE EMAIL ADDRESS and send.  Whew!  Took me quite a while to figure that out, Tracfone needs to make it more obvious.Decided to give up my Verizon LG phone that I pay about $60/mo for and I use it about once a week, if that.  What's more, I don't need that stoopid DHS chip in my phone, I don't need any messages from the government.That said, this is a great little phone.  Very basic and straight forward, no bells and whistles.  And it looks great and is noticeably lighter than my other  LG.  The sound is great going out and coming in, no static, no interference.  I got the screen protector and rubber cover online and just love this thing.I've had it about a month and still learning all the features of which there are many.  What I haven't figured out yet is how to keep it from pocket dialing except turning it off.  The pocket dialing will eat up minutes.  My phone came with double minutes for life so I figure I got a good deal because you can get the costs down to less than 10 cents a minute if you buy bulk time.

I have had this phone for about a week and it generally works well except for the volume control which will only go up. Trying to sync pictures from the phone to my PC was a real adventure. The instructions are useless. I called tracfone and  customer service was totally unaware about how to do it. Since  I had alreadymicro sd card and was aggravated that I couldn't store pics or videos. I discovered that the camera is activated by pressing the key to the left of the center button. If you  then select settings and then press the button  to right of center and go to others and select  "memory in use" and then select external memory the pics etc. will be stored on the card and then accessed to your PC by a the right size usb connector.

I have been with Tracfone for years and decided to upgrade my basic phone to one that had web browsing capabilities. There were a few that caught my eye but I kept coming back to the LG500G for a couple of reasons.First, I liked the fact that it also housed an MP3 player and that it took a 4gb micro SD card. I also liked the fact that it had a 1.3 megapixel camera. Finally, I loved the look. I went to a local store to see it in person and found this to be the phone I wanted.I ordered the phone directly from the Tracfone website. They were advertising a special price of $29.99 for the phone and accessory kit with double minutes for life. You just can't beat that, so I ordered it.It was shipped within three days of ordering. I am not much on reading directions so I basically took the phone out of the box and began charging it. While it was charging which only took about two hours, I activated the phone online through the Tracfone website which took about 5 minutes. I was impressed.Once the phone was charged I went through the settings and customized the sounds and display on the phone. I then uploaded my mp3's to the micro SD card I purchased and then inserted the card in the phone and voila! I had an mp3 player as well as a phone. I then decided to test the camera. Went to my favorite gardens and got photos of flowers, landscape and murals. I was surprised at the quality of photos. I was also able to send them directly to my Facebook account through the phone.The phone has web capabilities with many applications that you can download. However for me, I don't use the browser that often but I like to know it's there in case I have problems with my computer and need to get online. That is also another reason I upgraded and bought this phone.I've always been slow when texting but with this Qwerty keyboard, I am gaining speed and love it. I can text photos to friends and family. There is also video capabilities of which I have not yet tried but will soon. Another good aspect is there is no charge to minutes when playing your mp3's which is great because I'm listening to them all the time.Another thing I really like about this phone is the fact that you can lock the keyboard. I like having the phone on during the day so it's handy to be able to lock it so the browser isn't activated when in your pocket or purse.There are also a couple of games on the phone though I don't use that. Another great thing about the phone is you can buy your minutes right over the phone when you sign up for that service through the Tracfone website. Oh, did I mention double minutes for life? If you buy for example 200 minutes, you automatically get 400. I signed up for their plan which will automatically get me 400 minutes each month.I've only had the phone for a couple of weeks and love it! I've been able to use my mp3 files as ringtones and customize the wallpaper with my own photos.This phone also has Bluetooth capabilites. I basically use my old headphones and they work great. You can set the volume for the phone and sounds for it as you see fit. You can also customize the setting to how long you want the screen and keyboard lit up or if you want to save power you can do that as well.I have been all over the city with it and the service is perfect. I have yet to have a dropped call even on an underground train station. The service was clear.All in all I love this phone - everything about it is fantastic!!!

from the many phones that tracfone offers, I think this one is the best. Easy to use and has good features. The only issue is that the right soft key to open the browser cannot be changed. Numerous times I have hit that key and immediately it charges me half a minute before it loads and before I can stop it from loading. Tracfone guide says it is not possible to change the soft key, they need to unlock that function to avoid needless charges.

My mom wanted a phone to stay connected. This is perfect for her. The keyboard is easy to use and there is no issues with any of the keys. Defiantly worth it!

I wouldn't purchase again until Tracfone changes where the browser button is; very often the browser is selected inadvertently and uses minutes.

After losing my other Motorola EX124 smartphone in SF, I decided to go cheap incase I eventually lost this one too!  $19 from the Tracfone site + a few dollars for shipping.  The phone seems solidly built, and the battery life is great.  Features are fairly basic - if you're looking for bells and whistles, you're not going to find much here.  Call quality is great, and in the SF bay area I have no issues with dropped calls.  I'd suggest getting a cheap micro SD card if you plan on using it to store photos or MP3 music files.  It's actually a decent MP3 player if you plug in a set of earphones. The QWERTY keyboard is much easier than using the standard keys to type - I think it's even easier to use than my old phone's touch screen keyboard.  I like it, and I think it's a good buy for the price.

I enjoy using this phone.  It is very easy to use and just the right size to carry around.  I like texting and being able to snap a picture at any time.  I have had this phone almost 2 years and will probably get one just like it once this one is ready to give out.I have tried other phones from different companies but I always come back to the tracphones.  I have never had a problem with this type of tracfone!

The phone came in it's original packaging, no marks, no previous use. Works like a charm even on low battery.

I really think I could like this phone, except for 2 things.The Power/End key does not work, so I cannot turn off the phone.  Ending calls is a pain having to go thru extra steps in the menu to disconnect.  It is also a pain having to press "back" to go back thru each menu to get back to the home screen.The other thing I do not like is the location of the browser key.  Even though I know the Power/End key does not work, I still push it out of habit and a few times already, I have pushed the browser key by accident, which cost me minutes.I like the keyboard for easier texting, which is the reason I chose this phone.

My wife has a touch screen pay-as-you-go phone and she doesn't like it.  Let's face it...good touch screens are going to cost a little more.  I played it safe when I chose mine, and I'm glad I did. The LG500G is a very good bargain for what you pay.Audio quality is good, even through the speakerphone.  I put a 4GB microSD card in it, but as yet, have not tried to use it as an MP3 player.  EDIT:  Works great as an MP3 player, displaying all ID3 tags and album cover art, if it is included in the original file.  Shuffles and lets you create playlists.  Audio quality seems to be pretty good. Plug it into an FM transmitter, and you can use it through your car's audio system.  Best part:  it also works "hands free" like this, allowing you to hear your phone conversation through the car stereo.  Cool!Shoots 3GP video.  Quality is not great, but it is better than not having a video recorder.  Likewise with the camera.  You can take pictures with it, but don't expect miracles.  Utilitarian is the best word to describe it.  If you have the software to convert videos to 3GP, you can actually UPLOAD your own videos to the phone to watch later.  I found this one:  Mobile Media Converter from Miksoft.  Google it. Free, works on all platforms. Anything you can convert to 3GP with that program seems to work on this phone.  A 22 minute video is about 25 mb, so you can estimate your video size as "1mb per minute" and get pretty close.Don't plan on stopping, resuming, fast forwarding or rewinding, though. EDIT: Holding down the left and right directional pad will seek video.  The longer you hold, the faster it goes. It doesn't seek visually, rather, it freezes the last frame and shows the TIME at the bottom.  Better than nothing, though, and means you can at least fast forward to where you left off so you can resume videos.Get yourself a data cord to hook it to your computer, otherwise, you'll go insane taking the back off and pulling the battery out to get to the microSD card. Once you get a memory card, the phone acts much like a USB jump drive, although Ubuntu recognizes it as a mobile media player.Since I've started playing around with it, I've found that the Opera browser is compatible with this phone.  I tried several...1.X seems to be a bit primitive.  6.X is slick and polished, but will frequently crash due to out of memory errors. Opera Mini 4.3 seems to be a good compromise...it seems to work nicely all around.  It does eat minutes rather quickly, so make sure you SAVE your frequently visited sites as much as possible to avoid having to search for them and incur extra minutes charges. Google Maps also works on it, but if you use the satellite view, it's not long before you run out of memory and the app crashes.  Map view seems to work OK, though.Typing is much easier than what I thought it would be. I am a giant man with giant hands and I can type comfortably, if not speedily. One issue that I have, and perhaps someone can help me find an answer, is that when I try to type some double letters, I get symbols instead. For example, when I type double "E's", I get a Euro symbol. If anyone knows of a way to turn this off, I'd be grateful!  Otherwise, typing is not a difficult chore at all.  I love the positive clicks of the keypad SO much better than a touchscreen.After a well over a month, I'm still happy with the phone, which is something, considering I've NEVER been happy with a phone.  Now, to peddle the wife's phone on eBay and get a second LG500G for her.EDIT 6/21/12: After nine months with the phone, I'm still as happy with it as the day I bought it. Works reliably and has enough features that it can get you out of a jam...for example, I used the Mobile Web and a Google Maps app I installed to locate a destination on a street that was NOT listed on my car's GPS.  This got me close enough to find what I was looking for.Durability seems good.  Mine's been dropped several times, a couple of times on pavement.  The back popped off and the battery, back, and phone all went skidding across a parking lot in all directions.  Picked it up, put it back together, and it worked fine, even if it was a little scratched up after that.Can check my Gmail using the Opera browser, too.  That's handy.If you're the type who needs a phone primarily with occasional texting and web browsing, it's hard to beat Tracfone and the LG500G.  If you're the type who needs a mobile web browser/texting machine that also functions as a phone, I'd look elsewhere.Again, long term, I've been very happy with this phone.  Since the price has come down in the intervening months, I'm tempted to get another one and keep it on hand to replace this one when it finally quits working.EDIT 11/24/12 - I just ordered the LG500G's replacement.  The ol' 500 has worked almost flawlessly from day one, and it packs a lot of punch for the money.  But, pre-paid phone technology has progressed by leaps and bounds since I got this one a year and a half ago, so it's time to move on.  I don't even know if I'll offer it for sale, as this phone new is now selling for just over ten dollars on Amazon, and is ubiquitous enough to be found for cheap on dollar store shelves.  I'd still recommend this phone for anyone wanting a basic phone with a few nice features with a full keyboard and in a compact package.The best endorsement I can think of is that I am buying another LG.

I like the phone.The pros: ..I can actually hear it ringThe QWERTY keyboard is nice but smallIt's inexpensive.Double minutesThe cons:..I think I like the flip phones better, I don't like using a case.The Browser button is placed in a such a place that I keep inadvertently pressing it and the phone starts to logon to the web and costs me .5 minutesThey give double minutes but charge for both reading & sending text.  My old Tracphone didn't charge me to read texts.

Well, it has a keyboard and plays MP3. The camera is about useless. My old Samsung 301G has a 3.2 MP camera. The picture quality on it was pretty good. On this phone it's so grainy you can't make out any details. I was interested in the app capability. I downloaded the Facebook app. Wasted quite a few minutes on that. It loads, and the first screen is "add friends". The key to the right of the arrows is supposed to be the skip button. It doesn't work. That button works for everything else, including when I press the end button and get prompted if I want to quit Facebook. The same key is the "no" response. It works for that. So, I tried to find a friend, and it tells me I need to download an upgrade. I get charged 3 minutes when I hit ok, the it tells me I'm disconnected. I've tried several times, and I'm giving up on the app. When I browse to the Facebook site, I can type a status update, but I can't get the phone to scroll over to the "post" button. The only way I can update my status is by texting to my Facebook account's upload email address. This only costs me a third of a minute, which is cheaper than opening the browser anyway.The Mp3 player is a nice option, but occasionally I get an error right in the middle of a song and it stops playing. The sound quality isn't bad for a phone when it works. I do like that I can listen to music when I take a walk without carrying a seperate device. I do like having a keyboard to send texts, but the keys are tiny. I have large fingers and manage with only an occasional typo. I use my thumbnail rather than the end of a finger. Seems to work a little better that way.I tried to transfer my old number over online. Found out the included SIM card was defective. I had to call them and wait several days for a free replacement SIM from Tracfone. Once it arrived I called them 2 or 3 times before I got the phone activated. They never did get my old number transferred to the new phone. They told me it should be within an hour. They had me type all kinds of codes into the phone and the minutes transferred over, but not my number. I gave up and just used the new phone number. Not happy at all with the transaction, and wish I had just kept using the old Samsung 301G I had, and purchased an MP3 player.

Good phone for the price.  I'm 50+ yrs and don't need a phone except for a couple times a week. Great for texting. I liked the mp3 player feature, uploaded some songs and a few audio books.

see its out of stock , is there anyway you can let me know when you have more ? would like to order couple more

Hey I got this phone like two weeks ago...I am a Blackberry normaly user...well I am a happy camper..lol Has lots of bells and whistles. first of all I do like the MP3 player plays really good, but over all the phone is great, it has a secret note with a password protection..and texting, alarm clock, a camera takes good pics, stop watch,auto key lock to prevent accidently getting on the web...you can send MMs picture message, has voice recording...you can use your mp3 as a ringer tone, has bluetooth, web, a voice recorder, also a slot for memory card..., games, calendar, to do list, notes, and secret notes, calculator,date finder and converter, world time,voice caller, the key pad is easy to use not small as some say. A great phone book, so I will say I love this phone you cannot beat this price for a phone with all this you get on it..why the heck do people use Verizon, tmobile, and all the others and pay hundreds of dollars on a phone that this phone does a lot of it and get tied down to a contract...STUPID!!!...this is all you need...save a lot of money and enjoy the phone. Stop paying so much for phone service and pay the high price of a phone. I get the Double minutes...which is great. But over all the phone is not cheap looking and feels good in your hand,it's sleek and glides right into you pocket. Has lots of ringtones too. People think you have to have the top of the line and break your wallet. Not so on this...phone. Take it Grab It and Enjoy it. You will have to fiddle around on the phone to learn all the features it has. I was kinda dumb founded on some parts of the phone until I learned my away around on it. There's so many ways to have this phone set up...no more Blackberry and the silly data plan they charge you just another way to make more money..... Many of the carrier just simply over charge you and they love that, they want you to get tied into a contract and then slam you with ridiculous month service price. I'm out of it never will I go to a Blackberry plan I was with Verizon..dumb move.... So I am sticking to my phone. lol on the other hand I did not purchased my phone here..I could not wait to get it by mail, so I went else where and bought it but I am a Amazon customer...just wanted to share this phone with everyone....!

I have used TracFones for years. I own three models at the moment, and I really enjoy the predecessor (or "cousin") to this 500G model, which looks almost identical. The problem I have with this model, and this has nothing to do with the overall quality of service, is that the designer strayed far from its cousin's intuitive menus, and customizing options. It has really annoying frog fart sound effects, with each button push, that I cannot seem to disable. The designer also mucked around with the keyboard layout a bit, so while the core QWERTY key layout is there, some of the other frequently-used symbols are not where I would expect.

Just recieved the LG 500 this afternoon,fairly simple set up and registration of the phone and number ,voice mail was pretty simple,and i recieved double my intial online purchase of 60 minutes[$19.99+$22.35] via my debit card to insure verification,etc.I'm just not too keen on the web browser ,boy....just one slight click on the lil planet thing,etc. and waway you go and an charge for half an minute or some low amount ,lol...Just log on to what you need and not in general browsing ,etc..lol I Spent approx: 15 minutes in time just trying to log on to my banks mobile site to no avail[page too large]...,lol..Decent for the $9.99 plus tax,etc.. Tracfones website is also $9.99 and approx: $00.50 cents cheaper lol.....[11-13-2012]"After an month or so ,Tracfone is'nt the phone to purchase because ; 1.There's no caller log on ones webpage via Tracfone 2.There's no control over Voice Mail once one has unknowingly set it up and seen the hassle and extra charges,etc." Basdically just an Cheap money making operation with absolutely NO customer care or serrvice to speak of...,unless your an cop ,judge,lawyer,fed,etc. looking for an theroretically untracable comminque' option...I recomend Verizon Pre-pay ,you must purchae an minimum $100.00 increment valid up to one year from registration of minutes/time purchased,though the prepay phone could cost anywhere from say $85-$850[droid bionic],along with another $35.00 per month for data 2GB service prepay and your entitled to an fairly secure verizon e-mail box,etc..calls are about 10 cents per mininute and with the texts,picture/video mail approx 25-50 cents per,plus no %20-28 line srvice,etc. taxes ,no deposit which like me with Sprint years ago one might not get back,etcv.,etc...

UPDATE JANUARY 2013: I've now owned/used the LG500G since February 2012 (1 year) & it's still a great phone...for me. While I agree that the qwerty buttons are small, I find them easier than the touch screen on my husband's LG840G (which he loves). It's simply because I use my thumbnails & can type fast on the LG500's buttons, whereas I have to use just my right pinkie finger to type on the LG840. The LG500 is a sturdy phone & the gel case protects it well. If I need to upgrade for some reason, I'll most likely go with the triple-minute LG530G. The battery is still going strong; it typically last from 7 to 9 days between charges, but then again I hardly ever use it for browsing. Reception is great; we live in very rural Gadsden County FL near the capital, Tallahassee._______________________________________________________I've had this LG500G for almost 2 months; battery is long-lasting, I only have to charge it once a week & the way I deal with the browser button issue [not a big deal for me] to keep the keypad locked when the phone is in my purse [in a padded pouch] or in my pocket - you simply press & hold the small lock icon in the lower row of buttons. I have only pressed the browser button 1 time by mistake in 2 months & closed it quickly. While the keypad is locked you can still answer calls & it's easy to unlock by pressing Unlock & Yes.  This is not the only mobile phone with this "issue" & certainly not specific only to TracFone.I bought a deep blue silicon skin for it, along with the data cable & car charger, from Amazon, plus I already had a back-up battery from Bed Bath & Beyond [$4]. I agree the camera is not the best but it still takes OK photos - I never expect to use my mobile phone as my camera anyway. The video works fine & once I installed a Sandisk 4GB memory card, I was good to go.  And the browser actually works OK - I typically use it to get the weather & maybe a stock quote. Anything else I use my netbook. This is, after all, a mobile phone & I don't want it to be everything rolled into one. If I did, I'd pay much more money every month for a fancier smartphone.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks.  So far so good!!.  The only problem I have is that the browser bottom is very sensitive and while in your pocket and/or when accidently touch it activate the browser and eats up your minutes. But I found a way to control that by locking the phone.

Issue for me is that the keys are too small for my fingers; this is really only a problem when texting - which I don't do that often. Also too easy to accidentally access the web which is costly.  Otherwise, it serves my purposes well and at a very affordable price.  Will definitely keep for a long time but will shop for larger keys or at least keys farther apart next time.

Not having performed extensive comparisons, I think a satisfactory array of features is offered with the 500G, though locating them was not always easy. The phone worked reasonably well.  Whenever I put it in my pocket without turning it off, however, there was a high probability that a button would get bumped and the phone would connect to the internet or occasionally call home.  Last month I dove on some grass to catch a ball, forgetting I had the phone in my pocket.  The next time I looked at it, the screen was obscured.  I can still make calls but can't see anything.  Perhaps any screen (except in a flip phone?) might be damaged in that situation, but I don't know.

Use it every day, primarily for texting since I have one son who only communicates that way.  Holds a charge for me since I don't use it as a phone to talk on.  Fits the bill for me

I cannot say enough good things about this phone.  It's inexpensive, light, compact, loud, clear and easily the best prepaid phone for your money.  I'm really glad Tracfone has released updated phones that are comparable to Smartphones.  Both the Tracfone LG 500 and 800G are great models to own for those who actually like having newer phones without an ungodly monthly contract to deal with.  The LG 800 I previously owned was a great deal with triple minutes for life at $49.99.  However, I thought it didn't have a loud enough volume, so I decided to try the LG 500G since Amazon has it for $20 with the phone, SD card and USB Data cable.  A very excellent deal too, b/c now I have close to a 1,000 songs on my phone and I didn't have to spend alot of money for a cool feature.  You certainly won't get a contract phone, a SD card and a USB Data cable for around $20 at any cell phone provider I'm aware of.  Needless to say, if you aren't a rich person like me, then you can't afford an expensive contract that has few positives over prepaid providers like Tracfone.  I don't watch TV on my phone or surf the web on it, so having a very dependable phone with an awesome MP3 player is precisely what I needed.The service a few weeks in is great for prepaid service.  I haven't encountered any dropped calls(which is sometimes typical for prepaid or contract providers)yet.  The calls are loud and clear, IMO as clear as any landline phone I've ever used.  Of course, one of the major reasons I've always chosen Tracfone over all other prepaid service is b/c you don't have to add a card every month.  I'm not an excessive talker, so Tracfone adding 90 days to your service days every time you add a card is tailor made for me.  Meaning, between activation and adding a 90 minute card, I have close to 150 service days and close to 200 minutes.  And since I don't talk alot, that would last me for a couple months or more before I have to add another card.  This feature is particularly appealing to me, b/c adding another card or two could easily give me a year's worth of service at a decent rate.  In all, I might spend maybe $200 vs. some contract providera charging that per month.  That alone to me makes this model phone and the service well worth the price tag.One concern I've seen on the reviews here I outright disagree with is the browser button being on the end button.  Apparently, most who've reviewed that as a negative haven't noticed the browser button is to the left of the end key.  I will acknowledge that the keys are small for those who prefer larger buttons, but it hasn't been an issue for me and I can't understand why it's such a problem for most.  Besides, you can go to your settings and use the phone lock feature which will not allow you to hit that particular key when the phone isn't in use.  Be warned though, if you want a phone with big buttons, then you need to buy a different model.  However, the buttons on this model aren't any smaller than your typical Blackberry(or Blackberry knockoff in this case).  So, if you are the texting type, then this shouldn't be of any concern to you.I'd definately recommend this to anyone who wants a nice phone without all the insane fees and monthly bills.  Simply put, I haven't found a better deal than this and is a great way of staying connected without emptying your wallet.  I normally don't like to rate anything with 5 stars, but in this case the quality warrants the rating.

I have switched from a Motorola Tracfone to the LG500G. The LG500G has many nice features, but my text options are limited by Tracfone's "premium service" conditions and limitations rules. This all worked ok on the Motorola phone. WARNING: If you are using your cell phone to get sports scores, weather, news, etc. as text messages, this is not the phone for you. Strange, but I guess Tracfone just doesn't want you to use up the minutes on text messages.

I've had the LG500G for several months now and am very happy with it.It's easy to use for texting, storing and playing music and you can also go online if you want.The Qwerty keyboard is a tad small and requires getting used to but overall is no problem.Battery life is good - I usually have to charge it about every three or four days.It has good sound, no problems so far with signal dropoutScreen is big enough to see what you're doing and phone weight is just right.If you're looking for a smartphone though, this probably won't fit the bill. But for a little over 20 bucks, it has a lot going for it.Recommended!

This is the fourth Tracfone I've had - Nokia & Kyocera (both CDMA) and a Motorola (GSM).  This gets signal where I never got it before (I live in VT).  The qwerty keyboard is a lot easier to use than a standard keypad, and texting saves you money.  I really like the keylock (no more butt-dialing).  It would only be better if it came with a carrying case, car adapter and a micro sd card, but for the price it's a no brainer.

The phone works just fine.  The only problems are a) the documentation is very skimpy and not helpful at all; b) the camera is very poor quality.  But, what can you expect for $15?

The screen is not very durable and as my daughter has found will break easily if not protected well. This is my daughters second one like it. It will no play reminder songs that are great in size. It locked up the alarm menu when this was done. There are no turn off the browser settings, so its ease of accidental butt surfing wastes minutes. The reason I bought it was mainly due to its low cost of $10. You get what you pay for so pay for a protective case and purchase insurance if you have opportunity. Read the fine print on the insurance though. I would purchase again it price with shipping was under $20 again. No other problems and was a great phone otherwise.

I purchased this phone for my 9 year old daughter who constantly begged for a cell phone and she loves it.  I have been with Tracfone for around 20 years now and have loved the phones they have put out.  I upgrade to a new phone every few years just to get the latest &#34;bells and whistles&#34; but have had no problems with the phones or Tracfone.

looks nice in the picture but its junk when you use it.screen is low res, buttons too close together, browser shortcut button cannot be modified, 40% of my text messages fail at sending (2 and 3 bars signal strength) and get stuck in the outbox of doom while STILL charging me for the minutes!The only good thing about this phone is the price... and the camera isn't the worst phone camera i've used before.wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

Got one of these phones for myself and one for my husband. Just got out of ATT contract and trying to save money. For the price, this phone can't be beat. I ported my old cell phone number to it (do this before you cancel your old phone!!) without any trouble and it works great. My only qualms with it are that the #0 is next to the 9, not below the 8. Now I've never had a phone with a qwerty keyboard, so this may not be news, but I have hit the wrong key while dialing several times. Also, I have accidentally hit the browser key and 0.5minutes were deducted automatically. Third, while this is in my purse, sometimes keys are pressed. I have not dialed anyone yet, but it's possible, though there is a way to lock the keys. Recently bought a case for my phone on amazon, which may help. Double minutes for life is a great benefit with this phone, too, though there are some now with triple minutes.

Really nice looking phone.  Fast shipping.  It arrived a week before the minutes I bought from another seller.  Easy to use.  The keys are tiny, but what you expect.  Easy to use menus.  I love that it mimics a more expensive phone. Takes a ssim card no problem.  Really easy to use website for loading minutes.  I'd recommend.

Very pleased with the LG500G I purchased. Nice size screen and font for my aging eyes. Love the qwerty keyboard making it easier to text. Downloadable games at various sites. Only problem I have had is I accidentally hit the browser button a few times.  I have since figured out how to lock the keypad and have not had the problem since.  I would highly recommend this phone.

I always have had Tracfone. And when this Came out I bought it right away. I was so Excited to finally have a Keyboard Phone. I have only had this for a couple months. It has a OKAY Video Recorder, camera, and audio recorder. It has a couple of Pre-loaded games. But you can always buy more at the Tracfone Website. I liked the Phone, even though it had small Keys. another thing I don't like is that You can't make your Audio Recordings your Ringtone. I thought I was going to be smart and Record songs off youtube but I soon realized I would have to buy the song from Tracfone's website.I am now getting The new Tracfone Lg800g because My Lg500g ended up at the bottom of the washing machine. Don't ask why. It was a great Phone and I regret Destroying it. but for 5 bucks more (than the original price) I can have a touch screen phone (even though People have reported numerous text message problems about the phone) It's all I want to spend on a cell phone at the moment.Overall It's a great phone and I have not even had a single problem.

This phone only accepts a maximum of 4 GB micro-SD card. The other party was able to hear me nice and clear and vice versa.  I had a difficult time trying to access the web and ended up wasting a few minutes off my account (I gave up).  I would definitely not pay more than $20 for this phone.  As a bonus, I received 20 minutes when I activated the phone.  Since I plan to use this phone as an alarm clock, a MP3 player, and a Craigslist phone, it does its job.  However, I would not use this phone to access web, texting, or picture taking.

Got this phone to transfer minutes from an old Nokia 2600. The reviews on here are spot on, you have to be careful about hitting the browser/back button accidentally losing minutes. Another reviewer here has some tips on doing this by keeping the powermode to minimum so it takes an extra button stroke to bring up the display. But for twenty bucks this thing is good deal. Just keep in mind, if you have more than 700 minutes to transfer, call the toll free number and grind through it, you can't transfer more than 700 on the website. Also, I used to receive texts for free on the 2600, but on this phone you lose that. --But you also get double minutes for life with this phone, so we'll see if it washes out. This phone is definitely the cheapest way to go if you don't want to pull out the old school phone in public, or job interview.

The phone is just okay and lacks so many features that are possible now days. Does have some that are very good for the money.By that I mean, I have a Motorola W376G and it has a radio built in. Also has a flip cover which this does not. This has the ability to record voice, but does not have the ability to do so easily... or record a call in the middle of it... at least that I found.What it does have is the ability to transfer pictures from you phone without mailing them but for free using a USB cord (not included but cheap at many stores). But sadly it is only a 1.3 megapixel camera.Now it does have a huge amount of storage 4gb on a microSD card (also not included but cheap on amazon) so you can use it to carry important pictures, documents, sound files etc which you can put on through the USB cord from your computer.The instruction manual that comes with it is very poor.The right sellers have cheap minutes you can buy for the camera with some great deals every now and then.Last year Tracfone had some special that doubled my minutes (right around Christmas) and took my user active functioning date to the year 2072!The lack of being a flip phone is the part that bothers me the most. As is the lack of a radio. Also, having a stylus would be nice to work the small keys, but again you can buy them here on Amazon.On the good side is the ability to transfer pictures from the camera to your computer for free without sending them (at a minutes cost).This tracfone also does not have any smartphone features or the ones it does have are minimal.. at least not up to so many other phones on the market.But the price is so great it does make up for the features and functions it lacks. So overall not a terrible buy.Oh, but one major bad feature is Tracfone tech support. It is slow and terrible and very few of their techs speak good English so it is hard to get through even minor calls with any speed. My fone came in in Spanish and it took 3 Hours to get tech support (5 different techs) to understand what I wanted to do.... make it display in English. When I finally got a tech who understood what I needed to do it to about 2 minutes.Also watch out for the Internet button (on the front beside the other buttons and clicking it by accident (easy to accidentally do as it is also the ON/OFF button and depends what other buttons are already pushed) costs you at least 1.5 minutes!!!!.I have had other tracfones and got thru using them easily. This has been a chore so far.3 hours of my life to change the language(plus more time looking functions up online with my computer) have bothered me about this phone.My W376G is a blessing (yes I still have two of them). Considering all this, this phone which will only ever be a back up phone... but that will cost minutes too ... :-( oh well.// it was cheap and the seller was good too!

It's great for text and talk! I go a full week without needing to charge it. I would definitely buy it again.

Would have liked larger screen, etc. but phone does everything I need it for. Price, function, full keyboard for texting is all I need.

camera is pretty good but for sure great for texting,got it to replace the same model when i had lost it.

I'm really a scrooge about making $50 or more monthly payments on a cell phone when I don't even really use it except for 911 and to need to reach a few other people on-the-run, so I bought it and I LOVE the prepaid feature so I only have to pay if I actually USE the minutes, it's easy to use, includes the internet(which is a pain to get on since some pages are too big for the screen and won't show like your google email and is hard to navigate and really eats up your minutes) and text messaging as well as a small camera on the back.  For over a decade, prepaid cell phones with prepaid cards have been the mainstream way to go for a lot of the rest of the world EXCEPT THE US which pretty much gouges Americans into these gouging monthly payments and text messaging in the rest of the world is also free BUT NOT IN THE GREEDY US!!Update May 11, 2012:So far, I like the tracphone, BUT I have problems with this phone which is why I took off 1 star, downgrading it from 5 stars to 4 stars.  Since it's hard to connect to the internet, I can never use the browser (especially when the internet is hard to fit in a small display) and it will charge me since it's soooo easy to hit the browser button by mistake, as everyone comments on.  There's no way to delete the browser setting on my tracphone display so I don't have to accidentally hit it.  Also, I get inbox messages that are basically SPAM from the company and other companies and I get charged for those calls too and there's no way to reject them.  So just on those 2 things, your minutes can get eaten up fast.  I still like the cheap cost of the tracphone itself as well as it being prepaid but I don't like the extra tricky charges on it.

I bought this phone because of the qwerty keyboard to text more easily.  It was much easier than I thought to get used to. I've been a Tracfone customer for 10 years and the cost has been great for someone who doesn't use a lot of minutes, need a great camera phone or 4G internet. I added a microSD card after using with an adapter for my computer card reader to add photos from my computer, or someone could do the same using a data cable.  They had to be resized smaller to open the images on the phone. The sound is clear and the coverage is great.

I ORDERED THIS PHONE FOR MY SON , IT IS PRETTY EASY FOR HIM TO USE AND IT WAS DEFINITELY A GOOD PRICE

I thought it would be nice to upgrade to a phone that can take videos. I had an LG501C and kept wishing I could take videos as well as stills. So I spent a few bucks to buy an LG500G. It worked well although the ports seemed a bit more flimsy than those on the 501. However, the reception was generally 2 bars less than the 501 and sometimes completely disappeared. I called Tracfone and after going through 3 levels of help, finally got a reason. I was told that phones with a SIM card can not use the same cell towers (Verizon) as those without a SIM card. The person recommended that I get a phone without a card. After some searching, she told me that the 501 was the only such phone that would work in my rural area. So I had my phone switched back to the 501 and enjoy very strong signals. I guess the only way I am going to get a video phone is to switch to a non-Tracfone system. I refuse to do this because of the considerable difference in cost. So I will put up with no video but a strong signal. I would rate the 500 as a 4 but the reception for me as a 2 so for the purpose of this review, I'll give an overall rating of 3.

If you have small fingers or nails, the keypad in not a problem. It very easy to hit the key next to the key that you want otherwise. But the big problem is the softkey for the Browser. It's located on the END button so when you exit and hit the once too many times, your now browsing. Even if you stop it, it will cost you .5 of minute. It so easy to push, even if it in the case you can start browsing without your knowledge. If this is on a prepaid card, it won't take long to eat up your minutes.I even tried to contact the company, they sent me a link to the manual. It has nothing in the manual about changing the softkey or disabling it.I only had this phone for a few months and I'm looking for another phone. When I find one that I like and change it over, I'm going to take a hammer to this one, it will be a whole lot cheaper.

I like the full keyboard since I use one everyday but it is so small thank god I have fingernails or it would take me all day to get back to someone. The sound is not that loud either. For some reason everytime I call someone I have to do it twice before it goes through

I've been a Tracfone customer for approximately 10 years.  I have purchased a number of Tracfones over this course of time.  About 6 months ago I purchased the LG 800G touchscreen phone because it was the first touchscreen phone they ever offered.  The LG 800G phone was the worse Tracfone I had ever purchased.  Primarily because it was difficult to "wake up" he phone.  I have had this LG 500G phone for only a couple weeks and I really like it.  It's easy to "wake up" the phone.  One click of the button in the middle of the screen and its on.  The battery life seems to be really good.  I think I can go 1-2 weeks on a charge.  I also like the qwerty keyboard.  It's easier to use the physical qwerty keyboard rather than the virtual keyboard on a touchscreen phone.  I have fewer data entry mistakes on this phone than the touchscreen phone with the virtual keyboard.  I also purchased one of these for my mom.  She is 75 years old and had never sent a text message.  I've taught her how to text message now.  This Tracfone also feels good in my hand.  I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new Tracfone.

First off I must say that I am no phone junky in any sense of the word. The only reason I own a cell phone is they have become something of a necessity these days it seems.I bought this phone because I wanted to change phone services. I use, on average, less than a hundred minutes per month on calls. This phone at this price was a great deal for me. $14 for the phone and $10 a month for service is saving me hundreds of dollars on the year. The phone is attractive, the service has great call reception and the phone has more bells and whistles than I'll ever use. Since the unused minutes roll over I have already begun to accumulate many more minutes, allowing me to use the phone a little more liberally than I normally would. I have reduced my costs by 2/3rds thanx fo Tracfone. What a relief to no longer be paying for services I don't need or want. Tweet this! Not. :-)Oh and the battery life on this phone for me is good for day's. One good charge a week and it is good to go.Update: I have now owned this phone for over a year. I bought a protective cover for it shortly after purchase and it looks and operates like the day I bought it. Have accumulated 1274 minutes. The charge actually lasts longer than days. More like weeks. I probably charge it once a month. Still gets great reception and the savings are fantabulous.

I have this phone and only use it for phoning and texting. I often don't use my cellphones much, so this was a nice option. It serves its purpose at a low price.The one bad thing about this phone, as someone else mentioned, is its ability to start surfing the web on its own. I've had situations where the phone was either off or key locked in my pocket, and would suddenly hear it making noises. It seems the buttons for turning the phone on or unlocking it stick out rather too prominently, allowing it to turn on and suddenly waste minutes surfing the web. (Wasted several phone minutes this way.)Other than that, its a nice no-frills phone for basic needs. I would have probably given it 5 stars if not for the annoying habit of it surfing on its own.

I'm not big on the use of cell phones but I recently got my house phone disconnected so I needed an inexpensive alternative... It was my daughter's phone originally(when I had another cell phone) but now this is our sole phone due to budgets. I don't really care for the keys, they are way too small/close together but my daughter loves it because it's easier for her to text. I've always had a TracFone and use it very sparingly so cost isn't that bad of an issue. All in all a decent cell phone for the price. Oh, also, we just recently started using the internet on the LG500 and it is VERY speedy and quick! My daughter also LOVES the faceplates you can buy to personalize it!

I love my Tracfone LG 500 phone that I purchased from Amazon.  It is better than I had expected.  It has all the features of other phones like it.  It is so much easier to text on this phone.  I like that it has double the minutes for life.  I love everything about this phone.

So glad I got this Tracfone.  So easy to use and never have a problem with it.  Sure beats paying one of those big companies tons of money every month!

This product is perfect for me.  From not texting at all, to texting frequently; this is handy to have.  The large screen can accomodate a larger number if you need to see what you are dailing.  Very simple, easy to use, right out of the box.

Don't buy this from Amazon, WITHOUT TALKING DIRECT (on a phone) with them.  THEY  DO  NOT  HELP  'Senior  Citizens' with Technical Questions, OR ANYTHING..!!  I tried 5x's to do a 'Return' & their Automated RETURN SYSTEM, 'cuts me off'.  I posted 6x's on their Facebook page, people answered, suggested I was putting too much Personal Information out.  I KNOW it CAME  from Hebron, Kentucky by the Shipping label.  Customer SERVICE, says &#34;your Name Doesn't Match the Account holder.  Yet, I've known how to say & SPELL my name for over 58 years.  On Saturday, May 3rd I ordered an LG500G Tracfone to replace one my wife dropped in water.  I received my box, Wednesday, May 7th, it arrived. (My Muffler Accessory, I couldn't find anywhere was the perfect size). Well, they Shipped it to the Same name, I got a bill under the same name, DUE on the 10th of JUNE, I rec'd it 5/23/2014.  WHAT I got as a phone, was USED, Wrong Model, & Instructions for a 3rd different Model.  The ONLY thing right was the 'Scotch Taped UP', blister pack it came in......that had the CORRECT phone Model type on THE PACKAGE  ONLY.  Order ID#  107-0563846-6127428  (My BILL is due in DAYS, STILL no contact from AMAZON).  They KNEW WHERE to send  THE BILL, but, According to Customer Service (my Name) I'm NOT THE ACCOUNT HOLDER.

I don't bother to actually activate and use these things as phones, I use them as a cheap .mp3 player. I stuck a 4GB micro SD card in it, and now it holds hundreds, probably a few thousand songs, with a cheap camera if you want to snap some low to medium-quality pictures.If you have some good headphones or ear-buds, you get quality music.

I have had many prepaid tracfones and I must say this might be the worst. It is all fancy and looks like a Blackberry but it does not work inside most places. You cannot hear anything in a supermarket, beauty shop, etc.I am considering purchasing a different model. Very dissapointed.

I got this phone from Trscfone directly for $10.00 to try product and service. The phone needed firmware upgrades before being usable, I found it to meet expectations at that time. I found it annoying to have to accept Bluetooth paring every time it connected to my on star hands free system.The sound quality was good, for the pixel rate the camera was acceptable.All of the buttons were overly sensitive and would activate the browser and other functions weather in my pocket or case.Lastly after having the phone for 6 months, I accidently dropped it from less than three feet, the screen went blank with a quarter inch black stripe on the right side.I think its fair to say I got what I paid for, the money I saved from switching from a big carrier covered the cost. Tracfone was good in transferring my time to my new Samsung T404G with better features.

I like the phone and I like Tracfone much better than the Net 10 .The phone has everything I need on it .

I upgraded and it was great -- Tracfone give me the value that doesn't cost me a lot of money and I use everyday

My mother is deaf and wears a hearing aid.  She did not want a cell phone with a contract.  I spent months researching Tracfones that had M4/T4 ratings for hearing aid maximum compatibility.  This phone is it!  It has more features than Mom needs, but more importantly it has EVERYTHING she DOES need to hear properly and use the Tracfone system.  Great purchase.  If you are buying a phone for someone with a hearing aid, this phone is it!

Have been using this phone for over a year, works fine, looks nice, and is durable(survived a 4 foot drop onto sidewalk without a scratch), decent battery life. No fm radio and changing settings is a major headache.  Retrieving messages is not easy. Had to ask about changing to DST, you have to take out the battery and it resets on replacement! Getting on the internet is very problematic. Just a badly designed UI and poor directions spoil an otherwise fine product. My previous Tracfone was a Motorola flip which was lost, bulkier and without a qwerty but much easier to setup and use. I also miss Tetris compared to the two games installed on this phone.

I bought my LG500G today at Walgreens for $29.99.  I wanted to upgrade from my LG420G flip-phone.  The 500G does have some better features, but it is basically the same as the 420G.I activated by phone and it took an entire hour from the time I called until the phone activated and assigned a telephone number. But, it did go through without any problems.The 500G QWERTY keypad is an upgrade from the 420G.  It makes texting a LOT quicker.  The 500G screen is a little larger than the 420G.  Also, the 500G has a video camera while the 420G has only a still camera. The 500G is longer than the 420G when the 420G is closed up and the 420G is thicker than the 500G when the 420G is closed up.The email and Internet capabilities seem about equal on the 2 phones.  The menu seems to be the same.  Like the 420G, the 500G has only one ringtone unless you buy more.I had only had the 500G activated for about 10 minutes when I lost my first .5 minute due to accidentally hitting the browser button.  As many other reviewers have said, that seems to be a big problem with the 500G. The 500G keypad is small but that has not been a problem so far.I don't text much, so I will continue to use my 420G as my main "carry phone" and use the 500G as a backup.  The more compact size of the 420G makes it much easier to carry and there are no worries about accidentally turning on the browser, as other reviewers have mentioned.If you text quite a bit, the 500G is the phone for you.  However, if you don't text much, I think the 420G is the better buy. Also, when I got the 500G at Walgreens today, I noticed they had the 420G on sale for only $9.99.  That is really a good buy for the money.

Each time I decide to upgrade my Tracfone, I am amazed at the new features of the current phones. I expected the tiny keyboard would be hard to use, but was really surprised at how easy it was once I donned the Reading-Glasses.The extra SIM slot is nice for Music, Photo, &Video; downloads. Battery is VG, lasts nearly all week. It is such a great value @ current sale price. Also purchased a4GB SIM card + soft cover thru AMAZON

I purchased this tracphone as an upgrade from a previous model. I would like to state that this phone is well worth $15. After having used it, I really have to ask myself how such a phone could be so inexpensive as it is. So, what is the catch? In answering my own question, there really isnt a catch. Great reception, great features and overall quality phone. My wife has the LG800G of which I personally do not like as much as my LG500G because I am not a fan of touch screen technologies. Great phone and guaranteed not to be anything other than a winner if you buy it!!!

This is a great phone and at a great price. I have had other prepaid phones in the past and this is by far the best one yet. With other cell phones prepaid or contract I had a really hard time getting good signal in my house, but with this one I get great signal inside my home, so that alone is a huge plus. It is easy to use and is a very nice looking phone, over all I am very pleased with my purchase. I will recommend this phone to others.

I was ready to upgrade my Tracfone and when I found I could buy everything I needed on Amazon I was very happy!  This phone has all the features described and I've yet to use them all.  It is bluetooth compatible and the bluetooth I bought works very well with it.  I would recommend buy this phone if you are looking for a upgrade or just a good phone.

It was in perfect condition, exactly what I ordered. The phone itself isn't very good at displaying the Internet, it can't load large pages...also, Tracfone charges by the minute for data usage. It's probably cheaper to get a contract and a better phone. Also, the keypad is awkwardly set up, which makes texting difficult. I would'nt recommend it.

Overall this phone is just Okay. I just don't like when I am trying to hit the power end key and sometimes accidentally hit the browser key. This is very upsetting because it is just a waste of minutes. Like others have said, if you press the end key fast enough you may be able to avoid getting minutes deducted. The other thing I am not a big fan of is the internet/browser system overall. It is kind of slow and the longer you stay on it the more minutes you are going to get deducted from your phone. This is just annoying because I really don't like all of these minutes getting deducted.

This is the absolute worst phone I have ever owned.  Customer service is worst also.  Do not buy this phone.

After a decade of using cell phones with monthly charges, limitations, and spotty reception, I decided to forgo mobile voice communication.  That lasted about one year until I heard about Tracfone, which seemed too good to be true.  The original phone at Radio Shack was only $10 and it came with a nice accessory pack.  The $10/month plan eliminated having to manually add minutes, unless I needed more (which I never have).  The only issue was that the Samsung phone would rarely work without dropouts, speech cutoffs and digital delays.  Reminded me of many cell phones I'd used in the past.Then, I noticed that Tracfone offered the LG500 with greatly expanded capabilities for only $20 (with free overnight delivery and also a free accessory pack).  Trackfone also allows keep your current number as well as the minutes and days from your current phone when you upgrade, and that was a big deal for me (had over 1500 minutes piled up).  When the phone arrived, I went through a rather time consuming process with the Trackfone representative to convert the minutes/days, but it went well.There are many features on this phone that you'll want to research, and I'd suggest you look for demos on You Tube.  I just want everyone to know that the phone works absolutely better than ANY cell phone I've previously owned.  No dropouts, no voice delays or digital distortion.  My neighbor said I sounded better on this phone than on our land line.  Plus, we both could talk at the same time without cancelling out each other.For quality of service alone, this phone is well worth the initial and ongoing costs.

I bought this through amazon, only to find out it was almost $20 cheaper if I would have bought it directly through Tracfone.

I've had this phone for about 6 weeks, and like it. I replaced an ATT contract and a Motorola Razor with this Tracfone. For my purposes (texting and phone calls) it's just fine, and the full QWERTY keyboard is certainly much better for texting than what I had with the Razor. The instruction manual which comes with the phone is minimal, but Tracfone has a very informative interactive tutorial for the phone at their website. The one feature which I miss that my Razor had and this phone doesn't is voice-activated dialing. My significant other travels overseas quite a bit, and I use this phone to text and chat with him on his ATT phone while he's abroad. The charges for these international calls are no more than they would be for any call made here in the states. The sound quality for these overseas calls is great (except for the random clicking on the calls to/from China..maybe someone is eavesdropping??)I've been tracking my usage, and recently bought one year, 1500 minutes (doubled to 3000 minutes, with a 100 minute bonus)from Tracfone. I estimate that with my usage, this phone will run me about $15/mo. Certainly a bargain when compared to the ATT contract which I had previously.I also bought and use a SDHC micro chip (4GB, the maximum capacity for the phone) for playing tunes. It works just fine on this phone.Update 7/30/2011I'm still very happy with this phone. Just a few points:1. Tutorial link: &lt;...>2. Recently traveled to an area without GSM service (backwoods of Oregon). Somehow the phone got locked into a "No Service" mode, even when I went back into areas with service. The problem was solved by turning the phone off and then back on. Something to be aware of.

Flip phones are not carried anymore by prepaid company. I ordered such prepaid phone for my sister-in-law. I noticed that the back cover is slippery and the pixels display is bad. It has a camera, internet, email messaging, & phone. Whenever Internet is access, 2 minutes time is deducted. The numeric pad placement is not well thought out. It is a struggle already to find the numeric pad in the center of the keyboard...how much more in the night because it is not lighted...but what else can you expect to a cheap phone. Maybe it takes time to get use to it. She is using it as a basic phone only and as a backup after office hours or during her off working days. It is cheap and it serves its intended purpose. She used to pay close to $50 a month to one of major phone carriers with all the above goodies she seldom used. She just bought $30 for 200 minutes load and that is good for 3 months. If she will not use-up those minutes before 3 months time, it will be confiscated.

I've had Tracfones for almost ten years, and this is definitely the best.  Hardware-wise, the phone is solid.  Sound quality is decent.  Size and interface are fine.  Keyboard is surprisingly good.  Camera is serviceable for simple MMS snaps. MP3 player is crude, but works OK (requires a MicroSD memory card).  Web browser is absolutely useless.  Other features are so-so. There are very few decent Java Apps or games available, but if you're resourceful, you can find a handful online worth downloading.But remember: all this comes in a phone that retails for less than twenty bucks and offers a year of service for about a hundred dollars.  That's eight bucks a month.  Just try to beat that.But adjust your expectations accordingly.  Tracfone's service is a bit spotty nationwide.  I live in the NYC metro area, so I have no trouble -- but I've had some difficulty in other regions.  Also, if you're looking for a "real" smartphone with viable web and e-mail access, this ain't it.  This calls.  This texts.  And if you don't do too much of either, lets you do so very cheaply and reliably. I buy about 800 minutes per year for $99, and use less than half of them.  As long you re-up before the end of the term, it lets you roll over unused minutes.This is, without question, the best low-cost mobile phone currently available. (Summer 2012)-- mattmchugh

This is an excellent phone. My only complaint would be the way the buttons are set up, it's way too easy to accidentally hit the "web" button, and since TracFone is prepaid, you get a small amount of money deducted from your balance, even if you hit the "back" button right away.I wouldn't buy this phone for a person who has little experience with technology. There are just too many buttons to accidentally hit and fumble with. For my family, this is our back-up cell phone, which we needed when we were still T-Mobile customers, because their service was so unreliable, we needed a second cell phone on hand for emergencies. The battery stays charged for an extremely long time with the power turned off - I've powered up the phone after several months and found there was still an almost-full charge. So it's a good phone for a very low price.I also highly recommend purchasing an inexpensive USB data cable which you can use to charge your phone battery in an emergency by plugging it into your laptop USB port.Micro USB Data Cable for all LG Micro USB Phones - Black

this phone was put under Verizon Wireless non-contract phones by Amazon. I'm sure it is an amazing phone but i couldn't get to use it because it is AT&T. I would really look over your items on line before purchasing them. I buy from Amazon alot but with this order they accidently put the wrong merchandise under the heading that i was trying to purchase from.

This little phone is the best that tracfone ever came out with. The phone may not be a $100 of value but it will fit any one's pocket for the money. I like the phone because of the double minutes without any contracts. Keep in mind that this is only a $30 value phone and you get all feature within the phone plus more. I like it because I can put mp3 music files and videos so can enjoy the phone in full and every time Im ready to play the music on the phone I keep forgetting that its a phone because its more like an mp3 player than a phone. THIS THING ROCKS AND SOUNDS BETTER TOO! with a good headset.

LG LG500G Tracfone with Double Minutes for LifeA great phone for those who will not be using it for constant use.  The keys are small and a little hard to use,  The sound is great and my Husband likes it because he can carry it in his shirt pocket.

I wanted to help someone in need and found this good/affordable phone to buy for them. I know and trust Amazon with all my heart. They were very happy with this phone and said it would get them thru to make their important calls. I know how important a phone is.. I may even return and buy myself one so I am not 'married' to those big and costly contracts. Thanks again Amazon!!! And thanks for your incredible service, delivery and products.

Buying this phone online was fantasic good price and a special offer What I didn't like When you buy the minutes even with them giving you double minutes for life of the phone price turned out to be higher than other prepaid phones So I used this phone for about 3 weeks for business and personal use and minutes ran out fast So I  Bought a different Prepaid Phone from a Subsidiary of Tracphone I pay one price for unlimited minutes per month for me a better deal

Great product. Easy access and activation process. I am enjoying the freedom of not having a contract to control my options.

I am surprised every day by what this phone can do. I just needed an upgrade from my elcheapo LG little bitty phone and wanted a QWERTY keyboard. At the time this phone a just come on the market. After reading several reviews I chose to buy this and was a little annoyed when I found it cheaper on Amazon than what I paid for it. The features all work great except maybe for the browser or maybe I just don't know to use it properly. All in all I am glad I purchased it. My daughter is thinking of replacing her phone she paid $150 for that she has so much trouble with. I told her the more sophisticated the electronics the more problems!

Most pleased with my new phone.  The only drawback is I keep hitting the browser button on accident.  Other than that you definately get your moneys worth with this phone.

This was a great, simple, no frills phone before it was inactivated due to an expired service date. Tracfone sent a free replacement SIM. I bought a card for 1 year service and 400 minutes ($100). Replacing the SIM resulted in the message "Unregistered SIM". Multiple attempts to reprogram the LG 500G via Tracfone customer service were futile. I bought another Tracfone because Tracfone customer service declared the LG 500G dead, i.e unable to be registered on the cell phone network. and I was reassured that I could transfer the 1 year service and 400 minutes ($100) to the new Tracfone. The online transfer and interaction with 2 customer service representatives from Tracfone resulted in a LOSS of the 1 year service and 400 minutes ($100). I am sure there is some clause in Tracfone's terms of service that does not allow a refund. Be aware, that once the LG 500G is out of warranty and not able to be programmed to connect to the cell network, it becomes a paperweight. This is truly a disposable cellphone, especially in the context of the current advances in cell phone technology.Conclusion: Tracfones are disposable phones. Trash when dead. Tracfone customer service is MOST unsatisfactory.

i bought this phone for my son and he hates it,the buttons are to small and every time he goes to answer the phone or to make a call he will accidentlly touch the text buttons and get charged 30 cents,the buttons are too small and the the trac phone minites go fast and are waytoo expensive,metro pcs still has the better price plans for all phones.....

The Querty buttons were way too small for any practical use-the double minutes was a good feature for economy sake.

It arrived before the expected time. It works with assurance wireless, It does take a few days to switch it over to assurance though. I would buy from this company again, the phone works great I have no problem with the size of the phone or the buttons!!

So far, I am quite pleased with this phone.  My only grief is due to my inability thus far to figure out how to actually delete phone contacts from the Contacts lists.  Also, there seems to be a limit to how many &#34;Family,&#34; &#34;Friends,&#34; etc. you can add, but there's no mention of what those limits are in the manual or elsewhere.  The other irritant is how the screen goes to black after two seconds if you don't touch a key to do something.  Sometimes I need a few moments to gather my thoughts, but the screen will not stay lit (like my previous phone did--for at least 60 seconds).  It's annoying, but I still like the phone in spite of these downers.

This is a great pay as you go phone. Great price! The keyboard is easy to use, lots of cool features but the pictures are not as high quality of some of the other phones I've had but overall a really good phone!

The web button is right next to the center button making it EXTREMELY TOO EASY to hit the button & cause the web browser to accidentally open and eat up your minutes, sometimes without even realizing that it has started. I suspect they did this on purpose to use up your minutes faster.

I just recently picked up this phone from dollar general and had no problem changing my old tracfone number. However my units was not transfered. That is a problem since I had over 900. The second problem is every time I try to send a video I get the message "message exceeds capacity" which makes no sense because I have a micro card 4gig. I can't find out anyplace on the web how to make it work and customer service stinks. I have tried their website, calling customer service, support tickets, and even their forum. With no luck on getting any answers. So, far the phone itself seems like a really nice phone with very small keys. My 15 year old loves it for the ring tones and mp3 player. If I could only get my problems addressed I would give it a high rating.

I know others who paid 30-40 dollars for this product! I am so happy to spend half that price to replace a teenagers phone. Well worth the price!

I really wanted to like Tracfone, but in my experience, it's been plain awful, especially in emergencies.  Just try to get a number when you're stuck in a recorded loop, trying to get a phone number you need and it continues to ask you to repeat what you said over and over and over.  Also, the particular phone I had often "accidently" connected to the Web browser, wasting minutes.  Also, customer service is not very good - if you have the time to wait for an operator.  And finally, when I had to purchase additional minutes using the phone, I realized that I had to do it from a landline because whenever I tried using my Tracfone, it would stall at a certain point (and minutes would be ticking away).  Strange thing when you have to pay to pay. I'm going to switch to Consumer Cellular.  Hopefully, it will be better.

I bought this phone via TracFone direct.  Got the phone quickly, had little trouble with set-up or adding minutes; so far, so good.  The phone itself appeared to be good quality, and worked well for the first three weeks.  One morning, I tried to make a call, and the phone acted as if it were turned off.  Tried to turn it on, and got no response at all; the phone is totally dead.  I removed the battery, it appears fine, checked all the connections, and tried to charge the phone; nothing, no response at all.  The product manual suggests calling the TracFone customer service hotline, I did, and got a message stating that they were too busy to answer any more phone calls, and to get resolution to problems via the website.  Tried the website, and four days later they e-mailed me and told me that the only way to get resolution is to call their customer service center (sound like a closed loop to anybody out there?) Terrible, nightmare customer service, and a phone that simply dies for no reason at all?  I'd suggest buying from a company that cares...not TracFone.Pros:  Good signal, quick delivery, phone worked great for three weeksCons: Phone completely dead after three weeks, no way to actually get TracFone to respond to the problem so far; phone is still dead, no solution in sight.  Can't resolve problem via website, e-mail, or get an answer on the telephone help line.

I just upgraded from this phone to the Samsung S390G because that one offers the triple minutes.  But I have enjoyed the LG500G and would have continued using it if it could have been converted to the triple minutes for life.  I learned to text on this phone.  I liked the keyboard, once I learned to use it and figured out what the symbols meant.  Yes, the browser button gets pushed 'way too easily, and I lost my share of minutes because of that.  Also, many of my text messages failed.  Again, a waste of minutes.  I thought that was normal until I got the Samsung.  Every one of my messages has gone through easily.  Other than these two problems, the phone worked very well for me.  And I must praise the construction.  The thing is a brick.  It slipped out of my pocket several times and fell so hard the back popped off and the battery fell out.  I just snapped everything back into place and the phone kept working.  Try that with an Iphone.I agree with the person who complained about not being able to see who messages are from.  There are plenty I would not have accepted.  But this is the case on my Samsung as well. So I can't blame the phone for this annoyance. My Samsung is more sophisticated than the LG, but I still would recommend this phone. I found it comfortable to carry and use and, for the price, how can you beat it?

Have had the samsung tracphone for about three years.  The menu button no longer works and since I have been satisfied with trac phone service for a long time I went to their service site to order a new phone.  First either buy it from( a new phone)from amazon or walmart or any store that carries trac phone.  The web site, or rather the contact people are brain dead as a rock.  I picked out the phone I wanted and began to give my info to the dead head.  I, or rather he submitted the order FOUR times.  Said that the Chase card was not being accepted.  OK, try my other chase card submitted it twice said the same thing it was not accepted.  OK, lets try my Amex card, damn if the idiot had the same problem.  Got transfered to customer service, while in the mean time I looked at my Chase account and found Six, count em, six pending charges that this dummy said did not go through.  Spoke to their customer service rep. and was told that the orders would not be charged to my accounts.  Finished with her and called Chase and explained the problem and was told that if the amounts are pending that there is a good chance that the over charges would be removed.  Got an e-mail from trac phone and one phone is on its way, but in the mean time I wait 24 to 48 hours to make sure my charge cards are corrected.  I only gave 1 star for this device only because of the trac phone screw-up I had to deal with, but in all, the service and experience with just the phone service has been a 3 to a high 4.

No one buys a prepaid phone to use as their primary phone--it is for occasional calling. That said, I have probably used up more of my paid minutes from this phone connecting to the internet (a feature I don't even want or use) than from calls. Every so often, when checking for texts or something, I'll inadvertently hit a button and it is connecting to the internet: I know it's there and that I don't want to hit it, but it doubles as the "back" button, and it happens time and again.I used to think it was just bad design--I'm pretty sure LG could have put the "connect to the internet" button in a different place or made it a two-step process-- but as the months have gone by and minutes go down the drain I believe more and more that Tracfone could come up with a way to disable it, or stop the internet connection from deducting minutes immediately when the button's pushed, but they don't want to. Tech forums explain that the only way to avoid this is to keep the phone on some page other than its home page and to keep it in sleep mode all the time, which really changes the LG500G from a high tech device to a crappy kid's toy.The phone works okay--it makes calls, receives calls, all that you would expect it to do--but this slow constant leakage of my minutes seems intentionally hostile on Tracfone's part.

As advertised.  This replaced the same one my wife ran over with the car. Easy to transfer minutes from old to new via Tracfone.  Second time now.  Good stuff.

very good phone excellent bought a rubberized cover for it seems to stop pocket diling. my son uses it every day large fingers no problem texting. very good would buy again.

The LG500g is a great phone, considering the low cost of the phone and Tracfone's service. It's not a smartphone, but it has a camera, plays mp3s and has a full keyboard and a nice display.  I've had one for the past couple months and the battery life has been good - at least 2 days without having to charge.  Like at least one other person who reviewed the phone, I spend the most time on it using it as an mp3 player.  You need to use a micro SanDisk card, which isn't included, but once you have that you simply transfer songs from your computer to the phone and the songs are arranged like you would expect - also in playlists that you can create.The one issue I've had with the phone is that, sometimes, downloaded mp3s are listed under 'Unknown Artist' and I've had to burn them to a CD-R and rip them again to get them arranged properly.  But the phone is still far better than any other Tracfone I've had (I didn't buy the 800g because I prefer a keyboard to a touch screen), and the cost is very low, which is why I gave it 5 stars.

Could not believe the price of this pre-paid LG Tracfone.. Shipping was prompt with no mishaps upon receipt of this item. So far I'm enjoying my new phone with all its features.

After having happily used a TracFone for 3 years with no regrets, I really wanted something where I could send text messages, check my email and surf the Internet to find local attractions when traveling (the older "mobile" text-based web was really slow and wouldn't work on a lot of websites).  After discovering that most of your minutes and your telephone number are transferable to any new TracFone, I began my search.  I first considered one of the touch screen phones TracFone was offering, but after hearing reports that you couldn't access the keypad during a call, I decided against it (I kept thinking about all of those automated menus these days at banks and companies, "press one for this, two for that").I have been very happy with this phone.  There are drawbacks: I've hit the browser button by accident a few times because it is right next to the Power Off/End Call button, so you get charged half a unit when that happens.  You can download the "Opera Mini Browser" off the internet for free, which doesn't use so many minutes, into your Apps folder.  The keypad is tiny, but manageable.  It's a little difficult when you're trying to enter a phone number, ironically (it is a phone, after all).  But if you go a little slower than normal while dialing, and don't have problems reading small print, you'll be ok.  Be sure to press the "Lock" key when done to avoid those "pocket dials" (it's easy to unlock, just follow the on-screen instructions to press the two soft keys in sequence).Yet, there are some great features on this phone.  Unlike older models, with a combination USB charger/data cable, you can charge your phone right at your computer, and if you like, transfer photos, music, videos, or apps back and forth to it!  You can add a Micro SD chip to add the capacity that you'll probably need if you're interested in storing much media on it, but these are really inexpensive.  Convert your video files to the 3GP format, and you can watch any video on the device (although if you want to fast forward to a scene, you'll have to hold down the key until it reaches the segment of the video you want to see).  The only problem I've had with the media files is if you start to get towards full capacity on your chip, they will freeze up or not play properly, so to fix this you'll need to erase some files that you don't use.  This definitely is not a replacement for an iPhone or any Android based phone.  However, if you only need a couple of bells and whistles and not the whole enchilada, this is a great choice.  I've even posted on Facebook and Twitter a couple of times, and checked the weather.  But I'm not a heavy user.  I don't plan to watch YouTube (this phone can't handle that) or Netflix on my phone or play lots of video games, so for such a cheap price, this is a perfect choice for me.  If you are dependent on your cell phone for heavy data/internet usage, then you probably don't need to consider TracFone: there are other companies with better deals for you.

I love this phone...the QWERTY keyboard is great and the phone is easy to use and has some good features.

The phone is great my only problem was I can't get cell reception inside my house and I have with all my past cell phone companies. I'm wondering if I switch to the LG501C if I'll get better reception inside my house.

I bought this phone because I wanted a QWERTY keyboard, and it was in my price range. I was going to buy it from Tracfone but found it here for almost half the cost. Great deal. I only have two issues with the phone; TINY keys, and a barely useful user guide. If I didn't already wear glasses, I would have to get them to use the keyboard. I'll get over it. The other issue is the so called Quick Start Guide. That's all it is, and the handy list of short cut keys is 50% WRONG! Why do cell phone companies have to be so cheap with their manuals? This is the second phone I've had that didn't provide a complete manual. For us less technical folks it means there are features I will never be able to use, and the ones I figure out will be after many frustrating sessions of button pushing. Having said all that, I do like the phone and appreciate the lower costs available on Amazon.

great reception - easy to text - nice screen - user friendly - make sure you lock the fey pad when not in use

This phone was great for people who are looking for a simple phone that won't be used often. I bought it thinking it would be easy to text on but the key board is too small. And after a while it wouldn't let me text at all and the messages wouldn't send. I've only had it for about a year and wouldn't reccomend it unless all your planning to do is call on it.

I am so glad I purchased this phone.  I use it more than the old model.  Works very well and easy to manuver.  I recommend this phone for anyone.

This is a nice phone.  I had never sent a text before using this phone.It's a fun phone and the directions are easy to follow.I use this phone as a backup to my other phone.

Got this thing for $13, retail stores want $30, Came with double minutes for life.Alot of surprising features for such a low budget phone. mp3/video player, Accepts Sd cards.Bluetooth works perfectly, Paired up with my Desktop computer, No need to buy the extra cable to xfer files back and forth.If you need a solid back up phone, Cant go wrong with this.

Had flip-phones and had been looking at these types for a few months. I was not really interested in a touch-screen cell phone as I have both a laptop and tablet computer. I also no longer have a 'contract' cell phone and for the last few years have had service with Tracfone Prepaid service. I am spending about 25% monthly of what I spent with a contracted service. And since I use one of my computers for the internet and email, etc. and my cell phone to make calls or send short text messages, I will never have another contractual cell service. I previously didn't have a couple of niceties with Tracfone such as ability to connect my Tracfone to my laptop and transfer pictures. This one solved the problem. I also, as I have previously with LG phones, like the software. I can navigate around on it. I had often recurring problems with another brand that I have had in the past.

I picked up this tracfone on the clearance rack at our local target last winter for only $9 bucks and said what the heck I'm gonna give it a try knowing our contract was gonna be ending real soon and that's exactly what I did, got home activated it and after I had my settings up and running without realizing the phone had been cut off from no charge, and low and behold the alarm still went off at 7am in the morning! WOW! what phone alarm will wake you up even while being turned off=NONE that I know of! What a cool feature I'd say that's a smart phone! The ringers are awesomely loud so you wont miss that important call you were waiting on then again why not let it ring sometimes as well or better yet turn it off! It also lets you know when its fully charged and when it needs charging! Too many great features to list, all in all this is a great phone for the calling and texting generation, those of US who don't need all the bells and whistles equivalent of a computer! I liked tracfone so much me and my hubby upgraded and ordered 2 other triple minute tracfones for our number ports coming up around the bend! Back to basics people! This is a phone;NOT A COMPUTER! That's why they make real computers for that business! Oh yea and land-lines! You know what they say some folks will ALWAYS find SOMETHING to complain about! Conclusion: My daughter is happy with this phone! AT least until shes old enough to get a job and pay her own phone bill, Lol!

First, I am amazed at the number of features that can now be squeezed into a $12 camera phone.  The very idea of a $12 camera phone is actually pretty amazing to someone who's been watching technology advance for the past 30 years or so.  I can even say that as someone who's been using an HTC EVO 4G for the last 2 years. Now, my contract for the EVO is about to expire and I'm tired of the huge cell phone bill every month so I'm looking at going back to basics.  I figured $20 for a phone and a double minutes card was a reasonable experiment.This phone is pretty impressive for a basic pre-paid phone. There's a little bit of a learning curve to the menu system, even for a software specialist like myself but the phone comes with a manual so that should help.  Once you dig around, you'll find that it has a nice list of tools available for a small phone:Alarm ClockCalendarTo-Do ListNotes (normal and secret notes)CalculatorStopwatchUnit ConversionsWorld TimeMP3 playerContacts ListeMailWeb BrowserGames1.3 MP cameraVideo cameraetc...None of these applications are earth shaking and you wouldn't expect them to be for this price but they are there. The camera and the video are adequate for taking basic images and have some surprising settings for image manipulation.Activation was simple and quick through the TracFone site and I saw where there is the option to move existing numbers to the phone, either from TracFone or other companies. Again, the menu system takes some learning and I'll look for awhile before going to the documentation so I had to search for a bit to find the voice mail number but I did find it, called in and the prompts to setup the mailbox were pretty easy to follow.At this point, I've had the camera for about a day, tested the reception at home between the TracFone and my EVO and found it to be good. I also bought a 120 minute card and added it to the phone. So far, I'm happy.  Having said that, I'll say this:BE SURE TO ORDER THE ACCESSORIES YOU NEED WITH THE PHONE.This phone comes with the activation card, a coupon book for bonus minutes, the battery and a charging cord that runs from the mini-USB port on the phone to an AC outlet.  It does NOT come with a few other things you'll probably need.  If you look at other phones, keep these things in mind:MICRO SD MEMORY CARD - The LG 500g uses a Micro SD storage card for storing pictures, MP3s and anything else that won't fit into the 170 KB or so of memory in the phone.  Be aware that the phone WILL NOT RECOGNIZE anything over a 4 GB card.  These 4 GB cards are becoming harder to find in the stores and, when you do find them, they are unreasonably expensive.  I went to five different stores and finally found them for anywhere from $17 to $29 a piece.  This is odd since the 8 GB cards go for as little as $6.  Amazon has the 4 GB cards for $5 each so it's best to order one with the phone.Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC  Memory Card with SD Adapter (BULK Packaging).  Another option would be to get another LG phone that holds the 8 GB cards and larger cards.PHONE TO PC CABLE - The charger for the phone plugs into the micro-USB port on the side of the phone and then into an AC outlet. This USB port is the same one used on a number of other phones and the Kindle. Those devices often include a charging cord that runs from the device to a PC so you might already have a phone to PC cord that you can use.  If not, you will need one if you want to transfer MP3s or other data between your computer and the Micro SD card in the phone.  These cables can be around $20 in the stores. It's about half the price here.Amazon Kindle Micro USB Cable, White (Works with Kindle Fire, Touch, Keyboard, DX, and Kindle) - Updated DesignMINUTES - The phone comes with 20 minutes / 60 days of air time. You'll use up at least half of those minutes setting up your voice mail and trying it out.  The additional minutes cost the same no matter where you get them but it wouldn't hurt to order a  card with an extra 120 minutes or so to start out.Tracfone 120-Minute Airtime CardI'm especially happy with the coupon book with all the bonus minutes and I'm hoping this turns out to be a good solution to cutting down my phone bill every month. The more I think about it, the dumber I feel for signing the 2 year contract on the EVO. Feature hypnosis can be expensive.

Do not waste your money on this model of Tracfone. Maybe try the LG501, but this one is hard to navigate if you want to use the camera. The newer model, 501, has a button right on the front. Plus the button to help you navigate and "OK" button do not work that well, too close together for average size fingers.I just tossed this one and bought the Tracfone Samsung T404. MUCH easier to use has a very nice qwerty keyboard that slides out from the bottom of the phone.The 500 is not a smart phone, not even close, so do not wast your money on it. Buy the T404 from Tracfone and get "TRIPLE" minutes. Yes I said triple minutes for life with this phone.

After I finally got it set up and working, I cannot complain about this phone.  OKay, the only thing I can complain about is the browser button, which will take .5 a minute if you accidentally hit it!  I was upgrading from an LG 3280 that was at least 4 years old.  I wanted to be able to play games, have an MP3 player and maybe do basic stuff on the web if need be.  This phone does all that!  Plus I can download stuff if I want to.  It doesn't come with many ringtones, but I guess they want you to spend your money on that extra stuff. The MP3 player is great.  Still getting to know this phone, but overall it seems like a good purchase.  Best price here at Amazon as well, it was $29.99 everywhere else.  So I ordered some accessories and still spent less than I would if I had bought from Walmart.  Oh yeah, it doesn't come with a car charger, so I bought that and 4 GB memory card andgot the free shipping.

Pros: Camera is good for 1.3 MP, Service, Cost, batteryCons: Slow, still only a 1.3 mp camera, speakerphone, dropped callsI bought this phone 1 year ago at Walmart. I was upgrading from a Samsung U350 (Verizon Prepaid). I was not expecting much, at the time it was only $30. Design is cheap, but what do you expect from an inexpensive feature phone. Navigating the OS (Besides being a horrible one) is slow. The camera is good for a 1.3 mp camera, but I still will say that is not really good. When it comes to call quality, this phone is a disaster. Voices sounded harsh, and the speakerphone made a high pitch whine about half of the time. Besides that, I often went magically from 5 bars to no service, and I had many dropped calls. To end on a high note, the phone is one of the cheapest that I have seen with a QWERTY keyboard, and the service itself is cheap.

I got rid of my Blackberry, because I didn't need all of the features of a smartphone. I still really like hardware QWERTY keyboards, though, so the LG 500G seemed like the perfect fit. It works fine for the most part, but I get the feeling that it has little tricks built in to eat up as many minutes as possible. Perhaps that's just the nature of prepaid cell phones, but still, here are some examples I ran into:First, it deducts minutes even when a text message fails to send. This wouldn't be a big deal if I could just be sure to not send a message when there's no signal available. But often messages will fail to send even when I have 2 or 3 bars.When sending a MMS message, it deducts a minute before sending the message, then deducts another minute when the message is completely sent. The same thing happens when receiving a MMS message. It deducts a minute when I choose to download the content, then deducts another minute when I view it.The button to launch the browser is also the button used to exit out of most menus. So, if the phone is being sluggish for some reason while trying to go back to the home screen, you could end up launching the browser by accident and costing yourself some minutes. It's possible to close the browser quickly enough to avoid a charge, but there have been a few instances where I've been distracted and didn't realize the browser had opened. Partly my fault, but could nevertheless be easily avoided with a properly-designed UI.Overall, it's a nice little phone for someone used to hardware QWERTY keypads. I'm just not a fan of having my minutes stolen.

I've had this phone for a week and have yet to make or receive a call.  They shut down my old carrier and now have no cell operating cell phone.  Everyone I've talked to has told me a different story on how to fix it and nothing works.  I've emailed the company and still waiting for a reply.I'm ready to send this phone back.  Disgusted.

This phone does what it's supposed to do. I hate that you can't turn off the bubble sound of the keys unless you turn the phone on silent. My phone's power button is broken. I'm not sure what happened to it, but it doesn't work anymore. I like all the ringtones this phone comes with. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a cheap phone that gets the job done.

it's great.  came fast.  price pretty good.  what more could you ask for?  I think that this phone would be good buy for anyone.

First, I'd like to say that I am not a huge cell-phone user.  I have an Ooma (bought here on Amazon) for my home service, which is great - haven't paid a land-line phone bill since 2010.  I do not spend that much time on the road - as I am not in a sales or on-site service profession.  With this, I've kept a low-cost, pay-as-you-go cell-phone for many years.  I use a cell-phone for emergencies, when the power/internet is out at home, and for when I am out of the house and am expecting to make or receive an important call.For the first several years, I used Virgin Wireless - which was great until last year when my kids lost the phone.  Starting a new plan with a new phone with Virgin became a much more expensive proposition - it felt a little like a "bait-and-switch/the drugs are free for the first year" scheme.  I guess the bean-counters working for Richard Branson decided that being a low-cost provider just wasn't profitable enough:  They got a jealous taste for all the "sheeple" who blindly sign up for the $60-$100/month plans that have transformed Verizon into a money-consuming Jabba-the-Hut.  (Honestly, how many people REALLY need $1000+/year phone service - what a bunch of lemmings...!)Ergo, I checked into my local Wally World (walmart) and found this awesomely cheap phone with a perfectly-priced plan for my needs.  So, here's the good, the bad, the ugly:The GoodPrice-price-price - 10 bucks up front, $23 every 3 months.  This gets you 100 minutes for that entire time, but I've never used up my minutes.  That said, if you were to use more minutes, you can get an even cheaper rate (cents/minute-wise) by buying your minutes in bulk.  Reception is nothing special, but it's not terrible either.The BadLet's face it - this is what is now known as a "FEATURE PHONE" (aka "NOT a Smart Phone", aka "Old People's Phone", aka "Dork-Phone").  Released in 2004, it screams "I am so-behind-the-times/this is the same phone my parents use" to anyone who knows gadgets.  If you're a "too cool for school" kind of person, this phone is not for you.  If you still have a tube-based, non-flat screen TV in your living room, then step right up!The UglyEven at this price, I am flabbergasted - you CANNOT LOCK this phone to deactivate the keys while you are traveling.  As such, if you want to receive calls while you have it in your pocket/purse/gym bag/etc, it has to be ACTIVE the entire time.  And with that, expect it to make unwanted phone-calls, web-browsing sessions, and text messages whenever the phone touches anything.  You will get charged for these erroneous "butt dials", but there is nothing you can do about it.  Except turn the phone off - and miss all incoming phone calls while you are on the move (which defeats 50% of the whole purpose for having a cell phone!).Conclusion - great price, old-school look and features, and a horrible-design FAIL on the ability to prevent "butt-dialing".  If you own this phone, you WILL accidentally call, text, or browse.Caveat Emptor "Buyer Beware"

I got this as an upgrade for my youngest's previous Tracfone - he is too young to need unlimited texting and such but it gives peace of mind that he can call in a pinch when he's coming home from school alone, etc. He can take videos, the camera has enough megapixels to print a standard size photo if needed, it has MP3 capability (micro SD cards are cheap and there's no reason to not get one), etc. He's thrilled to have a phone with these features like his older siblings, and it doesn't break the bank.Sound quality is fine, it works fine for texting, etc. The menus aren't intuitive for me, but I don't use it every day. My kids get around on it just fine.My only issue is the dial pad is embedded in the qwerty keyboard, and the keys are so small I don't find it that easy to type on. Again, that would be less of an issue if I used the phone myself often enough to get used to it.If your usage is minimal you aren't going to beat Tracfone for features and cost.

I've had this about one week now and was pleasantly surprised I could get a nice qwerty phone that didn't require a contract. Contrary to the tech specs listed above it does have video camera capabilities built in and does a decent job. One thing you need to know, if you will be adding an sdhc card for more memory, do it before you put the battery in the first time as the cover is nearly impossible to remove once it is in place.

This is my second tracfone.  I am completely satisfied with it so far. The reception in my area could be better, but I love thekeyboard & the many features that are user friendly.  A nice product.

The Tracfone was very useful during a recent extended stay in the US & the qwerty keyboard was great for texting. Also, got used a lot as an alarm clock & calculator.

I bought this phone 2 months ago. It has one major flaw that makes it a horrible phone. One of the softkeys takes you automatically to the browser. Every time you hit it (even on accident) it charges you 1/2 a minute. I have gone through twice as many minutes in the last two months, and I truly believe it's because this button gets hit as I put it in my purse and charges me for internet use. There is no setting to fix this, no way to disable the button. USELESS PHONE!

This phone is pretty good but since it is tracfone it is too easy to push the web button and use up your minutes.

I would purchase this item again.  It is a good value for the money. It is easy to use and works well.

Great phone for its price it has all the basics, and a little more, there is nothing better than a well priced phone with a full keyboard works out great for my little sister.

So far so good, no problems with this gadget er tracfone. I figured I'de take the chance and blow 10 bucks because you do get what you pay for. I've had this tracfone for 4 months now and I'm glad I purchased it. My only gripe is that it dosen't have something to cover the keys on it  because if I put it in my pants pocket sometimes it will engage with out me knowing it, other than that I've had no problems with it. A good inexpensive buy.

I loved loved loved this phone for texting, even though keys are small they are well spaced that I could text with no errors but in calls nobody could understand me, calls were garbled, voice broken,I realized that I had no bars at best I had one bar. so was useless to me had to send back.I got a different phone and have 4 bars all the time, same location, so no reception with this LG phone.

I have three of these for my wife and kids.  It's great for texting...  That's what I require.  Double minutes....

I was told by an Older British lady once, Speak as you find She would say. What have I found in the LG500G? Triple minutes for life for starters. A Camera, A Memo pad, A Clock, An alarm Clock, An MP3 Player, A Calendar, A Calculator, a Web Browser and A Very reliable Phone. Putting Contacts in this phone is very easy. Texting with it is a snap, even with one hand! The phone is lightweight but to me, feels rugged at the same time. I have a Black hard Rubber/plastic case which makes it feel even more durabale. The phone takes up to a 4gb Micro SD card for memory. It has bluetooth and it works very well, I had no issue whatsoever pairing it with my Motorola Bluetooth unit in my truck. UPDATE: Switched phones but came back to this one, Cant beat it!

This phone is great for the price. The only negative thing about this phone is where the browser button is. To fix this problem i locked the keys so i didnt accidentally go online and waste all my minutes.

So I love this phone, style is great ect. Went to traanfer my number from my old Phone to this one and discovered the SIM card in it was not the SIM card for it. So I spent an hour on the phone w/ support services to learn they would send me a new one in 3-5 buissness days. Great now I have no phone for at least a week and I have to spend another hour on the phone to set up my phone w/ the new SIM card!! Like I said love the phone but not the hassel!!

I bought this for my daughter ( her 1st phone)  It is a nice little phone and seems simple to use. if your looking for internet and all the bells and whistles this is not for you but for calls and text messaging this one is great

I have had this phone for over a year now and it is very good. Everything is very to use. The only bad thing is the back case. It's very hard to slide off and if u press the browser button by mistake it still takes your minutes. other then that, this phone is very good for talking and text

I've been satisfied with the *PHONE* that I received from Tracfone. My real issue is with their SERVICE. Everything was fine for several months, until some time I had purchased did not get credited to my account. I then discovered Tracfone's incredibly awful customer service. I've now spent more than an hour on the phone (losing more phone minutes, of course) trying to resolve the issue with their call center people (obviously located somewhere in the Philippines) and as of today I have yet to receive the airtime I was promised. After my last (33-minute) conversation with a so-called customer service rep, I was told to CALL BACK (are you kidding me?) on another phone (that is, on a phone other than my Tracfone) so that they could run some kind of check. I think they're all working from a script that's designed to wear down the customer's resistance so they'll just give up. If I were shopping again for prepaid cellular service, I would NOT go with Tracfone - it's just not worth the aggravation you'll encounter if you have a problem with your service.-UPDATE: I've added a star to my review (from one to two stars) and added this note because I was ultimately able to resolve the problem I was having with Tracfone's customer service, and I did receive all the air time I had coming (actually, I ended up receiving a little more than expected). Dealing with Tracfone's customer service was a very frustrating experience, but other than that one isolated incident the phone and service have been pretty much as advertised.

Super deal at the low, low price seen on Amazon!  Very easy to use, good sound quality -- good phone!  Not so good camera, so if high quality images are important, look elsewhere!  4 Gig limit on memory card size -- 16 Gig would be great -- but this phone is priced so low, what could you expect?Just use the lock feature that is very easy to lock & unlock and all is well.  All flat phones need to be locked to avoid pocket calling or surfing!

works goodcan go on internethas texting games lolhas a camerafor the price it is very good

This phone isn't worth the time to manufacture, sell, and then have you buy. I was so happy when I got a new phone, I took a hammer and smashed this one. No joke. It now sits in the bottom of a watering can.Pros-You can lock the keyboard. This way, you won't be calling people randomly, and you won't be hitting the browser button and waste minutes.The full QWERTY keyboard makes you more fluent on a normal keyboard.Cons-Once you're inbox/outbox reached 200 messages, you won't be able to receive or send anything. Also, it doesn't tell you which one needs clean. It just says it's 90-100% full.There is no delete all button. That ticked me off the most. Unless you have an unread message, you have to delete all messages by hand. And in the outbox, you can't get an unread message, so if you're 200+ messages, you sit there for about 60 minutes cleaning out the outbox. Another 60 if you don't have an unread message.It is really slow. If you hit browser on accident, you are stuck there for a few minutes until it fully loads. Also, if anything else is loading, it takes FOREVER.The keys are a bit small, so if you have bigger fingers, they are really hard to click without hitting all the ones around it.You could only have so many pictures. That's true with most phones, but this was ridiculous. I took about 15 when i got it, then I couldn't take anymore. I would delete some, try again, but I still had too many pictures.If I could, it'd have 0 out of 5 stars.

One of the best phones put out from Tracfone and sincere about the double minutes promise.Easy to set up, hassle free activation, and excellent quality.This phone is easy for kids to use, excellent for text messaging, and has a clear, quality sound.

love this as I use it just for calling certain family it work better than our sprint cell phone and gets much better reception.

Although it takes a while to get to know how to use it, I like it now.  Not as intuitive as the older phone I had. I didn't realize it could not do voice recording.  This is a great inconvenience and I may replace this phone with another with one that has that feature.

For a phone that has a full keyboard, you'd expect the features to be more text friendly. The texts work in the very old fashioned way, coming in individually even when they're from one sender. It's much like one of the very old cell phones, but with a full keyboard.Additionally, I haven't been able to remove the battery cover. It seems impossible to remove it without breaking it or pulling with force.My experience with this phone: frustrating.Edit: I've given up my Tracfone phone after a very unsatisfactory experience. My primary problems were the following:1. I constantly got spam text messages, and as this was a prepaid phone I paid for every one of them. I spoke to Tracfone several times but they were unable to stop the spam, even after they placed me on the no-spam list. Apparently prior users of this phone number had signed up for many texts, and there was no way for me to unsubscribe except individually and by paying for the correspondence. I could not see if a text was personal or promotional until I opened it and paid for it.2. The phone interfered with other phone lines and caused static or loud beeps if kept around while on a landline. I had to keep it far away from any landline.3. It was hard to refill the phone card. I had to look up the Tracfone info on the internet; there was no convenient single button to refill it. This sounds minor, but it actually meant I was sometimes left without the prepaid service, and as I use this as an emergency contact phone, it was a big flaw. I could not use any service to look up the Tracfone info once the phone was out of minutes.4. It was very easy to mistakenly press the web button and be charged .50 minutes. This happened all the time.5. The device itself was clumsy and the keyboard very uncomfortable.

Replaced old Tracfone. Tried Online to move old phone number to new phone. Did not work. Called Tracfone and it worked. Not only the phone number was transferred but all the minutes on the old phone came over and they gave me  two months service. Good deal, plus the new unit works better than the old ever did!

I am really amazed at the quality of this Tracfone. I had tried the 800 G (the one that was touch) and after it broke 3 times without me doing anything to it, I decided I'd get this (to take on vacations where I dont want to damage my current phone). It really impressed me. I was able to send my photos and songs from computer to the phone from Bluetooth. I was also able to send stuff from the phone to the computer, as well, as sync my calendar events and agendas. For a 34.99 phone, that is amazing, because my last phone that was 80 couldn't even do that. I love this phone an absolutely recommend it.

I never run out of bars and I live is the country. Very reliable phone. You do not have to charge every day

I LIKE THE PHONE WHEN I FIRST GOT IT. HOWEVER AS THE MONTHS WENT BY IT HAS SOME FEATURE I DIDN'T LIKE AS THE NUMBER WERE TO SMALL TO DAIL  IT WAS HARD TO TEXT. I FOUND A COVER EASILY THAT I LIKE.

I love this little phone. I'm not a smart phone type person. I like it because it's simple to use easy to text and easy to use. I like the key board its not complicated . its just a phone it does not have to contain my whole life.

I have had my phone for 3 weeks and the Power/End button STOPPED working... I called Tracfone and they are sending me out a new phone (same kind) I am happy about that. I do like this phone... however... The camera could be better and I was mislead to believe that you could download apps..... you can't as far as I know there aren't any apps... I tried downloading about 14 different ones that were suppose to be for my phone and they didn't work. They were "not compatible". I do like the Mp3 player, I have 30 songs on it, I like the bluetooth capability and the cable to transfer pictures and songs. The games are expensive I think, 65 minutes or $5 per game. I did not add any games. I am wondering if this is a good buy just for an mp3 player for my kids... they sure like it and its large enough to not get lost! Cheap enough to replace if they do! :)Overall good price, texting is fine the letters are tiny but you get use to it, nice accessories, phone calls are clear with great reception, nice mp3 player, and I like the option of using the camera and sending the pics for free to my computer! :) I like speed dial too keeps you from misdialing :)

I have been a Tracphone customer and user for about 10 years and have been very happy with them, until I upgraded to a new phone and tried to get the number and minutes transferred to the new phone. First I tried via their website. It was down. A few hours later when the website came up I tried to go through the process on line and it wouldn't work. Then I tried calling their service number 4 times and was put on hold, the last time for 25 minutes. I finally got through to someone late at night and it was very difficult to get anything done because I called on my Tracphone and they said they couldn't read the info on it until I called on another phone! Eventually the tech said OK, turn off your phone and try it in an hour and see if it works. This morning I tried it and was very surprised to find it was working but less than half my airtime had been transferred. Stll trying to get this resolved.The new phone (LG505) I like and it was only about 10 bucks from Amazon but I must say the tech support at Tracphone is the worst I have ever encountered. If you buy a new Tracphone to replace your old one, have at least 60 minutes airtime to start while you are on hold trying to get it turned on.

This is a Great phone. I have had it 3 weeks already and am loving it. I have had 2 other phones from Tracfone but were never very satisfied with them. Camera feature is good with editing. Fun ringtones. Numbers and letters are not as small as i initially feared. I dont use internet on the phone so i cant rate it but everything else works for my needs. The price was great too!

i really love this phone. i am so glad that i could get it. it is a really nice one.

NOT WHAT I THOUGHT I ORDERED, BUT IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER, AND SHE WAS QUITE PLEASED WITH IT.

If you want a semi-smart phone, and dont yak for hours, get this phone. It's a great deal. Phone works great.

Best TracFone I've had yet. The keyboard is good, it's easy to use and I don't have to recharge nearly as often. Just need to find a non-slip case to fit it because it's slippery.

This was a gift for my husband and he loves it. It has the same features and technology as any contract phone. His friends thought it was a blackberry. He has a hard time putting it down because there is so much he can access now! He is older (56) and not really Tech Savvy but has been able to navigate the web and check email with no problem. He did have to get a belt clip so he wouldn't butt dial, other than that it is a great product for the price.

Let me start by saying ! The numbers and alphabet is extremely tiny on this Tracfone so if you wear glasses do not even attempt to buy this phone! I truly can not believe how small Lg made the numbers So I gave this phone to my friends teenage daughter and it is the perfect phone for a teenager girl or boy! But I will tell you this the prepaid cards you buy for this phone are cheaper than any of the others out there. Well worth it for your kids but not for adults at all and yes this seller was professional and on time . Thank You KC.

This is a pretty basic phone, but definitely worth the price. I love the battery life. I've found that it will last a week of inactive time. I don't use a cell much and I love that though I've forgotten to turn it off while not in use, it still has full battery when I need it.The biggest con is that I can't figure out how to change the menu buttons on the main screen, and I'm pretty sure you can't. I don't ever use my browser, but accidentally hit the button constantly and get charged for internet use. If I could re-arrange those keys, I would love this phone.

I received this as a gift, and it has been awesome! There are 2 minor flaws:1. The browser button is also the back button, so if you press back too many times, it will go to menu, and open the browser which costs 1/2 a minute to open and 1/2 a minute for every minute you are on.2. When you get a text, it doesn't tell you who it is from in the initial "do you want to view?" Page. You have to say no, and then go to messages unless you want to use 1/3 of a minute.Other then that, everything works absolutely great! 100% recommend!

Upon receiving the phone the picture online does not do it justice a very sleek look and feel. A very cost effective buy for me from Amazon again with a special thanks to the seller for this little neat phone. I would recommend this to someone who does not require a lot of talking over the phone and eliminate a monthly phone bill.

By the time of this review, this phone is largely outdated.Yet I prefer it above the more modern android-touchscreen phones because:- Seriously improved battery life (between 7 and 10 days standby, compared to 2 days on most android phones)!- No special programs installed to break or slow down your phone- Has all I need (alarm, calendar, notes, telephone nr/user book, long battery life), and is affordable- Good display, portable, nice looks, well build phone- Plays back MP3 files from it's internal memoryCons:- Not many extra games or programs for this phone (they all cost money),- Not a 3D graphics phone- Tracphone eats money, we barely use it, buy ~2-3x $100 cards per year, that equals about $25 per month, eventhough we make use of the specials of 2x calling time, and we hardly ever call- I suspect tracphone steals money- When you don't use many minutes, tracphone will send sms/text messages to you for you to lose minutes when you open them- You pay minutes when you call, and receive calls- You pay minutes for calling a 1-800 number- The speaker was broken with me, the horn speaker cracked very much in the beginning.

I read this would work with my t-mobile sim card. It doesn't, unless you want to put your t-mobile sim card in and then switch to a different service provider. I went to a store to "unlock" the phone and get it to work with my card, turns out this phone cant be. It was a waste of money. Not even 24 hours after getting it in the mail I put it on the railroad tracks and it is now smashed to pieces. :)

For a cheap phone this works fine.  You get what you pay for.First the good.  It was less at Amazon than at Tracfone.  It was shipped from Amazon (they are awesome)!  The phone has basic features so don't expect any magic from it.The bad.  The biggest problem with this phone is where the button for the internet is.  I'm always connecting to the internet when I'm thinking I'm exiting a feature.I read the same thing from others reviewing this phone and thought they were over doing this.  However, it HAPPENS! And Tracfone CHARGES you!As a basic phone; it's OK. Again no magic no bells or anything special. Again, it's in the $20 range so don't expect anything more.

i love my phone. it was shipped fast. its a great buy. It works great. I havent had any problems with it.

For a prepaid phone, this one does most things very well. Tracfone has good coverage in my area, and the call quality is very good. It fits my hand well, and the smallish keys are pretty easy for me to use. The camera is a convenience, it takes adequate pictures in decent light but it's no substitute for a real camera. The bluetooth works well and is a nice surprise at this price (I paid $9.99 with double minutes for life). It's not a true smartphone, but it's 'smart enough', and for ten bucks you get more than you pay for, IMHO. People that expect it to be an iPhone are clueless dreamers.The issues with the browser button are well-documented and legitimate, but if you're careful you can avoid it for the most part. And it costs a half-minute per activation, not a half-dollar as someone said. HOWEVER, the music player was designed by a moron. It takes a 4Gb micro SDHC card, which is nice, but no matter what I do, this phone will not and cannot play an album through without interruption - it plays a song, then stops until you manually select the next song. Making a playlist with the phone has no effect. The only continuous play it has comes when you 'shuffle' a folder of songs. This is a spectacular failure and only an idiot would design software with this kind of an obvious flaw. I only hope the person responsible for this will someday feel suitably embarassed by his or her inadequacies - it's simply the WORST feature of this otherwise fine product.I should also mention that, while Tracfone's coverage may be good, their support forum is most definitely NOT. They only respond to issues in private message, meaning that anyone else experiencing similar problems cannot search for a solution that worked for others. What is up with that? What are they trying to hide, and why? They will also force you to post 5 times in said forum before you will even be ABLE to read a pm, which seems like needless jerking around, since that's the only way you can get any help. It's like they went out of their way to be ignorant. Another in a long line of 'Customer Support' departments that are little or no help. Very few companies are even adequate in this area, let alone good. Fortunately, they did manage to transfer my number, ex date and minutes from my old phone with no issues, and it was quick.Overall, I'm satisfied with the phone, it's nice to have some extra features, and it's hard to beat for the money. I didn't feel it was worth the extra to go to a full touchscreen like the 800, which seems to have some issues of its' own.

Very reliable and  easy on the budget.  Although  Facebook and Yahoo Mail have become harder to access and I get cut out of connectivity many times.  I rely mostly on this cell phone for texting and phone calls.  I think I will upgrade in a year when my term of service is near up.

If you are looking for a phone for just the basics - making and receiving calls and for texting, this works great!  The call quality is good, and texting is easy with the qwerty keyboard.

It never came dont buy wast of money and time dont buy at all doesnt come in the mail its ridic

This is a nice texting phone with QWERTY keyboard. It's not iPhone of course, but it is *A LOT* cheaper!Some issues keep me from giving it a full 5 stars though:1. My wife complains of an echo when I call her on this phone.2. There is an annoying 'Browser' button that costs you airtime units if you accidentally hit it, and I know of no way to get rid of this option.Also, it did not come with a micro USB data cable, but you can by those for $2.99 or so on Amazon, including shipping. Skins can be had on eBay for about $10 bucks. I bought a blue one.

As someone who doesn't really care for touchscreen phones, this full qwerty phone is just right for me.  Easy to set up, easy to customize, easy to use.  An optional keylock (which is odd that it isn't automatically the default) helps prevent accidental key presses in the pocket.  Using a microSD card, however, is a must because the phone's internal storage is not that large, and will enable to play mp3s and store lots of pictures and videos taken with the built-in-camcorder.  Call quality is very good, earpiece/speaker volume is loud, as are the ringtones.One surprising feature that is not mentioned anywhere in the instruction manuals is that you can "minimize" the mp3 player while in use and you can still listen to your music while on the mobile web or sending a text.The only slight drawback is that browser button to activate the mobile web is prominent on the home screen (and cannot be changed or disabled) and is easy to press if not careful, and it almost immediately deducts a .5 unit upon connection.Otherwise, I am extremely happy with this phone.

I purchased this phone through Tracfone. I was in a pinch because my old one broke and I did not have time to research this phone very much. They allow you to preview the phone for a month and still return it. However I did not begin to notice until it was after this 30 day period. That the lock button still allowed functions to run (such as web browsing) and it would not unlock every time. I had to take the battery out to reboot. Anyway I bought a different phone Samsungt404g which I expect to be much better. I lost the price I paid for the Lg500g which I am not to happy about but I am willing to cut my losses this time.Good luck,Matthew

Last week I dropped my LG 420G in water and permanently lost the display. I had considered replacing it with another of the same until I found this LG 500G and at a great price. I read several reviews and knew what to expect, which is a basic phone with a QWERTY keyboard, mp3 player, and micro sd slot. Not bad at all for under $25, and I received it in 3 days, also! This phone is lightweight, and the keys work for me, although it might be a tad small for someone with large fingers. So far I've had no problems with it at all. I would also like to add that I had to contact Tracfone's customer service to have my old # and minutes transferred to the new phone, and anticipated it being a nightmare after reading about how horrible their CS is. Fortunately, that was not the case for me at all. They were courteous, expedient, and helpful. I was off the phone in less than 10 minutes with my new phone activated, minutes and number transferred, and a few bonus minutes to boot. I'm so glad I thought to look up Tracfones on Amazon. It was yet another good deal!

This is a nice little phone for me. I didn't need a fancy phone and this is just right. It arrived on time and I am very happy with it.

i gave this item to my sister in law back home, it perfectly works fine overseas and she loved it and thinking about getting another one.

We got this phone at Best Buy Mobile for only $19.99  and was worth every bit.  This phone feels like it should be worth more but the price of it is awesome. its QWERTY keyboard works excellent with no problems. Overall very good Tracfone phone and great for a first phone!

This is my first LG phone.  I bought it because price was right. So far I am not happy with this phone.  It dies out if you talk more than 2 minutes and then it ends the call for you.  I only use this phone for emergency.  I will give this phone a few more try.  If it continues to drop the call if I am on it for more than 2 minutes. I am going to get another phone. Not LG of course.

There are many things wrong with this phone, the worst is the lock. It re-locks after ten seconds,which has caused incoming calls to be unanswered. You can accidentally go to the internet and it immediately deducts a minute from your account. The sound quality is poor,the touch screen causes many accidential operations,and entering a new contact is a major exercise. It may be cheap (mine cost $50.00 a year ago), but it is no bargain.

I purchased two of these phones for my parents.  They loved them and it was great until one just stopped working .  Battery is charged, but it will not turn on. I asked for an exchange, and was told that it was over 30 days and I had to contact LG. We had only used in for about a month (I purchased it a couple weeks earlier, but didn't use it). Bad customer service!

I buy my minutes every 3 + months.  I pay an average of $11 to $16 a month for this phone.  I use it carefully and sparingly.  If I'm close to land line and I get a call, I call them right back from the other phone.For those of you who know HOW TO USE YOUR MONEY AND RESOURCES, THIS IS THE PHONE FOR YOU.This phone even allows you to see a part of a text message before you open it and get charged 1/3rd of a minute for it.  Therefore if its an acknowledgement (okay, alright) or some message that you dont need you can DELETE IT without being charged for it.The QWERTY key pad is also nice. I LIKE MY BUTTONS RAISED !

I Had One Of These Before But One Morning I Woke Up And Went To Use My Phone And The Screen Was Black With Some White Spots On It,  It Was Fine When I Went To Bed. And When I Got The New One I Did Not Know You Couldn't Get The Pictures And Contacts  Sent To My New Phone What's The Sense In Having A Sim Card? If I Would Have Known That I Would Have Gotten A Different Tracfone But Too Late Now But I Do Like The Phone. But That's Really Not The Point Is It?

I purchased this phone to replaced my Net10 EM326g slider because the slider reception was such that I could never depend upon a phone call to be clear or  not break up. So far the LG500g reception is superior when used in the same geographical area. The irony is that I replaced the EM326g battery to be sure that was not the problem before I changed phones. Now I just have figure out what to do with the old phone.

I purchased this phone as a simple backup to my smartphone. My region of usage is more rural and believe it or not, this phone handles calls and texting more reliably than my other higher priced one. This phone has a web browser that is quite primitive for today's standards and it's not a feature I would ever use, given my access to other devices. But as a straight phone, it's perfect. I like the layout of the features which include a usable calendar and mp3 player. The LG 500G has a solid feel and the qwerty keyboard is easy to use. The double minutes is a sweet feature and it feels good to have a back up device that was not only cheap to purchase but cost effective to maintain. For what I"m using it for, it does the job. Recommend as a second phone or as a phone for a family member who doesn't need costly upgrades or complicated tech.

I ordered this because of its qwerty keyboard on the front of the phone. It arrived OK but I had nothing but frustrations trying to activate it late yesterday afternoon. This morning, over 12 hours later, Tracfone's so-called service kept telling me there were problems. But, lo and behold, when I turned it on it started working.Keys are very small. Put on your reading glasses!I may end up returning it.

One of the best tracfone offered. Does most everthing one needs for day to day needs. The camera comes in real handy. Loved it so much bought one for my wife.

I have two of these phone obviously I like it but Tracfone programed wrong so I am fighting with them now

I had to return this item as the keys were too small.  Since I am a senior, I don't need all these added features.  I just want a phone where I can make call and receive them.  After returning this phone, I ordered another one with large keys that I like a lot.

I found the need to enter the world of texting, and this was the right phone to get familiar with this form of communication.  The price was better than anywhere else.  I love the Tracfone pay as you go method.

Bought this for a friend after getting one for myself. I wish it had apps but otherwise it's excellent. In a word it wrks for me.

I bought this for my 11 year old son.  He wanted a phone that was easier to text on, but Mommy didn't want to pay the large price for the touch scrren.  This is the perfect phone for someone who is NOT on it alot (being that it's pre-paid), but that wants to occasionally text, and also make calls.  I would recommend this phone, for sure!

This is a horrible product.  It randomly just stopped working. What a piece of junk.  No warning, nothing. It's a cheap phone, true.  I should have known what I was getting into.

Had to send the phone to tackfone because there was no coverage here and had to get a new phone, but from playing around with it seemed to work fine

this phone i got for xmas is great. i love it! a quick note on features though, the phone's features in the description state that it has no video camera, quote:  "Video Resolution: No Built-In Video Recorder"  it indeed does have a video recorder, though i am unaware of the resolution. seems like basic phone quality though. the keypad is easy to use, it has the ability to set sounds as ringtones, they need to be under 300kb and in .wav or .mp3 format. the actions you can assign sounds to are ringtone, text message, startup, and shutdown. a quick note, the startup and shutdown sounds are played at max volume, so pick quiet ones ;) you can set up custom wallpapers as well, they can be in .jpg format, and the resolution for it to fit properly is 176 X 220. it can hook up to the pc as long as you buy a micro sd card thingy for it. as well as a data cable. (warning, the card is REALY tiny, but easy to install behind the battery.) you can put games on it, it comes with 2 games already, "word attack" and another i cant remember at the moment. i was easily able to download a game from the internet (tetris) and put it on my phone, it came  as a .jar install package that i installed from the phone itself. charges fast. useable in just a few minutes, but would take about an hour for it to be fully charged, maybe less. another plus is that cases for it are pretty cheap, and can be bought here on amazon for as little as $3. a bit of trouble activating it, they said it wasnt compatable with my area, i found out that they only said this because i dont get good reception where i live, but i told them where id be using it, and they said there is good reception there, so they went through with activation, it was an area code only 1 hours drive away from me. ive still yet to find out if i was sucessful in activating it. i will try to update on whether or not i was sucessful. all in all, id say the only con is the fact that i live in a place that gets crap reception lol

I've now gone through two of these phones.Bought one and it stopped turning on after a single waist-high drop. I've had the second one less than a month and it won't turn on. Worked fine last night, woke up to it being completely dead. Charging does nothing. It's gone.Keyboard's convenient, but it constantly turns itself on when kept in your pocket. Will make calls and connect to the web, which costs you money.Keep it in a case and don't drop it ever, but I guess even that won't help if the thing will just die on its own.Good backup emergency phone, but not for extended daily use.

Not bad phone, everything came as listed. It seemed like a very great deal, saved $10 verses buying it at a store for like $30. Shipped very fast, and I am pleased with it. I just bought this as my backup phone for my samsung flight 2. (Just incase my parents forget to pay the bill etc..) Overall I would highly reccomend this product, its a very well made cell phone, you get the double minutes for life feature, which is great, So I would buy this again! :) The only downside, is its not touch screen, but hey, what can you expect, the phones $20, but it is a good phone. Im sure tracfone does make touch screens for a little extra "dough" (cash)

I have spent the last two weeks getting my TracFone service reactivated. After spending days on the phone with them it is now reactivated and I get 100 + junk text messages everyday. Now they say there is nothing they can do about the text messages. Do yourself a favor and do not do business with TracFone or you will be sorry.

ive had this for a while now and the buttons are starting to stop working as well as the reception is getting bad JUST SAYIN

great phone, the keyboard is WAY small but at least it has one, and with double mins its pretty much 10 cents a min, u get 400 mins for $40 and texting is 3 per min, only thing they get u for is the pic messages its suppose to be 1 min, it is 1 min to retrieve the message another .5 min to view, oh and if the message fails, u get charged anyway, I live outta town and have a metal roof and my phone works pretty well, I mostly text but the calls I have made are fine, Tracphone will use any tower un like big name phone company that only can use their tower, trac bounces off what ever is closest so its great if u live out a service area... and again $10 for a phone!

The phone works well so far.  I purchased 2 of these phones.  I could not activate with the online services, so I called customer service.  It took forever to activate and the people that I talked with did not speak English well.  Had do go through a series of code numbers that went on forever.  There was 10 codes with about 30 numbers each.  I had trouble keeping up with entering numbers and trying to understand the service rep.  When I finally got the phones activated, I tried to port my numbers from my old phones.  I must have spent an hour per phone to finally get it done.  This process should not be this difficult.  I would rate their customer service as one of the worst I have ever dealt with.  I am frustrated with the whole process, but at least it is done.

We've been trying to activate this phone over 10 days by now.The notification said the process might take up to 2 days, because we were transferring the number from T-mobile; so we waited.After 2 days, the online status showed that we needed to wait up to 4 more hours for activation; so we waited.Next day the status still showed the same thing, so we contacted customer service, and we were told that we needed a new SIM.It arrived 6 days later, and we called the customer service to activate it.  We were told to wait up to 1 hour; so we waited and nothing happened.We called them again and the rep said the number was somehow locked with T-mobile, so we needed to get a new number.  Again, we were told to wait up to another hour.Even after all these the phone is still not in working condition; it even doesn't indicate its own number.  We were not even told what the new number would be, either.1 year air time was already added on the first day, so we feel that we are getting ripped off.We'll have to call them again, but we are so frustrated and angry; they don't know how to trouble shoot at all.I have no idea how well (or badly) the phone works once it's actually activated, but I must say "You get what you paid for" at least for the help you get from the customer service/tech support.I would suggest that you avoid Tracfone and stick with your current provider.

I've had all the problems folks here talk about. My hands are almost too large for the keyboard. (I wear a men's regular sized glove, can't fit into women's gloves.) I can't get names to come up on caller ID, just numbers, even if the caller is in my address book. The sound quality is OK, but it doesn't pull in signals as well as my husband's phone. I got the phone for the internet capabilities, but the screen is so small and inconvenient, I find I almost never use it for that purpose. There's no hot key to take you directly to your address book. Now the "end" button is broken after only seven months of very light use. I like the idea of this style phone, but I can't say I like the phone itself.

Tracfone provides very poor service.  No service available via the internet--you have to call an outsourced phone service in india, which is obviously a problem when your phone is not working, and they are not very helpful with limited knowledge.  LG is also a poor product that is frustrating to use when it does work.  You get what you pay for here, plus a headache.

I just got this phone a week ago, and I must say that I'm impressed.  Texting is much easier than with any of my other tracfones.  I must have at least 8 tracfones which I have used and then deactivated.  This one's a keeper.  I like the big screen, and the Qwerty keypad, and especially the LONG battery life. This phone goes for 5 days without a recharge.  My previous Samsung T301g had to be recharged after 2 days.  My Motorola W376g had to be charged every 2 days, and sometimes everyday if I used it much.  What a pleasure not to have to plug this phone into the wall continuously!!!  It has strong signal strength in most areas, and I've never had a dropped call with the tracfone system.  I picked this phone up for a mere $13 on sale, and it seems to be a very sweet bargain.  Just to add an update on this phone.  The camera went goofy, and made the whole phone freeze up.  To solve the problem I had to take the back off and pull out the battery, and then restart the phone.  It must have been defective, and I got so tired of messing around with this that I deactivated this phone and threw it in a box in the basement.  I'll keep the battery and power cord to use with other LG phones if I need to.  Point to make here is, unless this was some kind of a weirdo defect, this phone is not as reliable as I once thought.  Stick with the LG 420g or try another phone.

I bought this phone about 8 months ago, and I really like it.  It is wonderful for texting (which I do a lot of).  I was at first concerned over small keys, but even with my "pudgy" fingers, there is no problem.  I occasionally hit the wrong key, but hey, I do that on the computer too!  Because of the minutes usage on the web, I really only use it to look at the weather, and check the lottery numbers.  I simply saved two weather sites for my area to bookmarks, as well as the lottery page, oh, and my mobile bank page.  That way I can quickly access them, and use up a minimum amount of time (maybe .5 to 1 minutes....2 at the most).  It is not intended for tons of internet usage (like a much more expensive "unlimited data" plan). I like the phone so much, that when my original phone had an issue (probably caused by someone dropping it in a parking lot!), I went and got another one right away.  Luckily, both times they were "on sale" for $10.  Can't beat that!  And Double Minutes to boot!  Sure, you can accidentally hit the browser button, and "lose" .5 minutes while you frantically hit the button again to back out of it.....but I figure those are errors on my part when I'm not careful, and I do try to remember to "lock" the phone when I'm not actively using it, to keep those "goofs" to a bare minimum.  My signal strength is always good, and I live in a rural area in PA (near several mid-size cities).  Even with the house absolutely surrounded by trees, I have no problem using it at home.  I would HIGHLY recommend this phone.  I know people have complained about Tracfone Customer Service, but whenever I have called (which hasn't been often, because all of the phones I've had the past 10 years have worked well), I have found them to be very pleasant and helpful.  So, overall, I recommend the phone AND the company.

I hate cell phones. In my opinion, long distance communication is best done via a land line (Limited Mobility? Oh, the humanity!) or a computer through e-mail, IM, or social networking sites. So if you're like me, you want a cell phone that you won't be using that often (business, emergencies, maybe even time-to-time socially), that you won't cry over if it is broken or stolen, and, most of all, MUST BE CHEAP. This product is very reasonably priced (7/2011: 22 + ns on Amazon, slightly more at a retail store), the value of the minutes is among the best for a prepaid cell phone, and the cell phone itself is pretty sweet. Buy it, carry it around with you or leave it in your car, toss it around, buy one for your ten year old to teach them about conservation, whatever.Especially with Tracfone, double minutes are a necessity. Don't get a Tracfone without it. In fact, there's a version of this phone with triple minutes. It's something like 90 bucks extra but depending on how much you use your phone, you may want to look into it. Best value I figure is the 200 minutes purchase. After double minutes and a promo code (promo code book included with purchase, by the way), you'll get approximately 450 minutes. After taxes and everything, I calculated that each unit costs around 9 cents. Better than what Net10 offers. Higher minute packages may have better value, but if you have to make those kinds of purchases on a regular basis, you might as well look into a phone with a contract. Functionally, this item works pretty much in the same way you'd typically expect a prepaid phone to work: the number of units per minute (1:1) for a call is rounded up, whether you were talking for two seconds or 59.999 seconds; texts are .3 units, probably the best value you can find in a prepaid; the browser is lame and should be used only in emergencies, and is .5 units to start and .5 units for every minute in the browser.As for the phone itself, I like it. A lot. But first, the three things which bother me the most about this phone MUST have the most elaboration, to let you know what you're getting into.1. Text Previews: This is nothing new. Tracfone seems to utilize a tactic in which you cannot see from whom you are receiving a text. Is it from a colleague? Is it from a new number? Is it spam? You can't tell. All they provide you before you open it is the first few characters of the text which was sent. Can't blame them, really. Their texts are so cheap, they have to make certain that you at least open every single one you get.2. The Browser Button: This is the most common problem I've found in all of the reviews I've read. Not only is the browser button a big soft key which you also use as the "Back" key, but it's also placed right next to the "Pwr/End" key. Key lock MUST BE ACTIVATED ON THIS PHONE, or you'll wind up punching this button while slipping the phone into your pocket and wasting a LOT of units. Horrible. You'll be pressing this button a couple of times when you do not want to. Bam. Half a unit expended. If you hit the "End" key quick enough, you might avoid it. Invariably, though, you will be wasting money thanks to this little baby. This, too, is suspected to be a ploy to cheat you out of your hard-purchased units. Frankly, I think it was just a stupid human factors mistake made on someone's part. It's really the worst aspect of this phone and it could have all been avoided if only the phone had...3. Personalizability: I can change the background and ringtones, okay, fine. I CANNOT change what the soft key buttons do. If I could change the Browser Button to, say, a Camera Button, this would be the God of all Prepaid Phones. Unfortunately, we're stuck with a shortcut to a horrible, useless browser and guessing where the shortcut key to the half-decent camera is (tip: it's "Left" on the Navigation Key).That's all the bad stuff, though! Let's talk about the good stuff. Remember, this is a prepaid phone. I'm matching it up to other prepaid phones I've seen before.- Light- Great-looking- Great battery life- SD card slot- Good camera- Excellent keypad (see below)- Volume is on-par- Full of other useful functions (such as games, mp3 player, and calendar - with event planning!)The keys are small, yet are very easy to master (and they have a wonderful response), even if you have big fingers. I do not know the threshold between comfort and frustration; all I know is that if small keys have been an insane problem for you in the past, you may want to find a demo of this phone to check it out first.This phone is worth it. You can laugh at the poor souls who have sold themselves into $600+ a year contracts while you thriftily expend $15 - $20 a month for a phone with nearly the exact same features. The difference could help you pay for a netbook, which more than makes up for any deficiencies you may find in the cell phone (and which is also a great selling point when you're negotiating with your aforementioned ten year old).Just get it. The only time you'll regret it is when you hit that stupid Browser Button.Edit: 8/4/2011The phone charges with a micro USB cable. (There -is- a difference between micro USB and mini USB.) These cables are cheap from Amazon. You can have one shipped to you for about two bucks. I'd recommend getting a couple and a USB car charger, which, depending on the quality, should set you back around five to ten bucks. Being able to charge the phone from a computer is a great feature, but you may also be wondering what kind of data you can transfer between the phone and the computer. The answer is nothing -- if you don't have a micro SDHC card (4gb SanDisk w/ adapter is seven bucks). With the card installed, connecting the phone to the computer should both charge the phone and allow you to change the contents of the SDHC card. No special software should be required. The reason I'm bringing this up now is that lately I've been having issues with this feature. It started to work, but connecting the phone with the card installed to my computer now brings up a hardware failure notice. This is a minor issue, but an inconvenience nonetheless. I have to open up the back of the cell phone, take out the battery, remove the card, place the card into the adapter, and connect the card to my computer that way. That's the only issue I've had with this phone so far. I'd still have bought this phone if I knew it had this issue, however. I will update if I find a resolution to this issue.Some other information. I mentioned getting a car charger, but you may never need it. I'm on day five without charging my phone, and it's still got half battery life. And yes, I have been using it. This totally makes up for the connectivity issue, and then some. Also, as far as adding things to the phone, buying the SDHC card has been a good idea. There's plenty of tiny extras for the phone you can find online. Ringtones do not need to be in a special format, mp3 will work. If you do a search for games for this phone, they're everywhere. I download mine from Mobile Heart. (You can play Civilization! I love this game.)So, about a month in, I've found one setback and a couple of really big pluses. Rating still stands at five stars.Edit: 8/27/2011Still working great. The phone averages about four days on the battery without charge. (Compare this with maybe two days for a smart phone.) Also, I obtained a Bluetooth device (Rocketfish Rf-Mrbtad Micro Bluetooth Adapter, $11). File transfers are a lot easier, and it's nice not to have to worry about cords and stuff. A little bit slower, but it makes up for the problems with USB cable connectivity. Still the best prepaid phone I've ever owned. I think this will be the last edit until I stop using the phone. Rating still stands at five stars.

I bought this for my 12 yr old. Serves her basic needs well. Easy to use, hassle free phone. y

Before buying, I read a number of reviews here, both positive & negative. I like Tracfone -- have had an LG 420 for a couple of years & never had a problem. I just wanted to make texting easier. Great price -- even better, I got it for $1.36 by using Amazon points. The comments about the keyboard sold me -- that even with bigger fingers, it was easy to use. Figured if it worked for bigger hands, it would work for mine which are average. Have been playing with it all morning.It even seems to have better reception & transmission than the old model. The 420 often would not send texts or drop service & I'd have to move somewhere outside to get them sent. No problem so far the last four hours. There was nothing to setting it up. The switchover from my old phone took about two minutes. It would have been helpful if the switch had imported my contacts. Maybe there's some way to do it & one of the other reviews has that.One drawback that someone else has mentioned is that you can accidentally access the web browser which is next to the power/end key. Once I get used to the phone, I doubt it will happen but the older model I was using was set up so you could go back & forth on the main screen using that button.Have only used the browser to download a couple of ringtones & it was okay but don't know how it is accessing pages like Google or Facebook. But I don't particularly need to do that away from home. Bottom line, I really like my new "Blackberry."

The LG 500G phone itself seemed to be okay in the very brief time it was operable.  Problem is, you will occasionally need to contact Tracfone.  If you value your life, you'll get a phone from another company.  A friend recommends T Mobile.When I first got the phone, I needed to call the company to activate it.  For 3 hours I had to enter codes into the phone because it wouldn't work.  Based on past experience, I began to suggest the  SIM card was faulty, but they wanted to be sure, so I had to continue to enter codes. I was exhausted by the time they realized or acknowledged a faulty SIM card.  (They accidentally sent me 2 new ones.)Today I accidentally locked the phone while trying to add a security code.  To unlock it, I have to call the company.  Their recording said wait time is approximately 30 minutes.  I've now been on hold for almost 2 and 1/2 hours.While on hold, I tried to register my complaint on their website (after typing a paper for a friend.  My, what one can accomplish while on hold with Tracfone!  There's no excuse for not writing the great American novel.)  They repeatedly blocked my registration for the following reasons:  they already have my email address; I then used another email address, which they also already claim to  have. Because I'm an existing customer, I'm therefore not allowed to enter a review or join their forum.  They also repeatedly said I had mistyped the security/cue word at the bottom of the page.  Maybe some of my attempts were inaccurate, as the letters one is supposed to copy are illegible, but clearly some of my attempts were correct. I gave up and came to Amazon to publicize my experience.A few years ago I called Tracfone for a busy friend whose phone would not function.  For over 5 hours I had to enter codes into the phone. Finally, after being routed to every possible department, some guy somewhere realized or acknowledged that the SIM card was defective.Adding up all the hours I have spent on my land line trying to solve problems with Tracfone, I come to a total so far of over 10 hours.  So far.  I will have to call again tomorrow and start all over again - waiting on hold and then who knows how long it will take to straighten the problem out?  And  what work will be required of me?For some reason, I thought Tracfone had improved their service.  I was wrong.  My body aches from holding the phone. So, if you value your life, you'll buy a phone from another company. It would be nice to  have a working cell phone, but life is short.  With Tracfone, it can get even shorter. I'm going to hang up now.

No contracts, no headaches, and no reason why you should spend beyond your means on a cell phone that's PREPAID (means pay for what you need when you need it). Say you spend like $35 or $55 maybe every 3 months (example) why buy a cell phone for $200.00 that you MIGHT pick up and use less than 10 times within that 3mos period (dust collector, really). Now if you're a loyal TALKER, why go PREPAID anyways!!!

TRACFONETo begin with people tend to complain about tracfone and their general lack of feature-rich phones. I am by no means in love with tracfone. While their tech support is a pain, these days that can pretty much be avoided by the online interface which makes activating phones and purchasing minutes very simple and really is all you need to get started and maintain service. If you have the money and the need for a smartphone then by all means get one. I came back to tracfone after being on AT&T;, T-Mobile, and cellular south Cellular-South plans and I can honestly say that I really don't miss my iphone or android smartphone. Yes there are times where it would be useful, but realizing that I pay less than 250 a year for service is more than enough of an incentive. The main reason tracfone doesn't release larger more expensive phones is mostly because of it's core demographic of buyers, cheap bastards and old people. Therefore, the people who complain probably should have been looking for a more expensive option to begin with. If you think that having a smartphone is a good status symbol I promise having extra cash is better. All in all tracfone provides a great bang for the buck and those who complain really need to look at just how much they're saving each year.LG500GMy first cell phone was a tracfone. It cost twice as much as this phone and had less than half the features this one does. What do you get for $30? (less if you can snag on off ebay) Full qwerty, good MP3 player, decent camera, and other features I would have been very grateful for when I purchased my first phone at 16. Also considering double minutes are included this is an absolute no brainer. The phone is cheap, having said that the keyboard is excellent as is the mp3 player, and when I don't have my DSLR handy this is a very acceptable quick picture taker. I picked up a class 6 4GB card (4GB is the max supported memory size) and coming from the mp3 player interface on androind and iOS this is quite acceptable and very usable. I love not having to charge my phone. I alternate between huge ammounts of calling and texting to not making a single call in a week, that's just me. Therefore it makes sense that I may only have to throw my phone on the charger maybe once a week or two tops if I've been using it, also when it need juice it charges pretty quickly. I've had this phone now for about four months so plenty of time to get used to it. All in all I'm still thrilled to have such a good device for such a cheap price.  If you are shopping for a case I got a rubber case for an LG saber that fits pretty well just a little trim at the charging port. I know tracfone has lauched several "smartphones" but if you look at reviews and specs they really don't have much more functionality than this device and their usually around three times the price. Also recently released is the Samsung T404G which gives you triple minutes for life. That said I will pick that up eventually but how happy I am with this phone makes me hesitant.

Gave as a gift and I assume it works I haven't heard any complaints. The only problem I can see is that the keypad has very small keys.

Overall good phone but there is a severe lack of documentation on how to use all of its features. Lots of trial and error time trying to figure them out. It's way too easy to accidentally open the web browser (about 20 times the first two weeks)which chews up minutes. Intentionally using the phone's web browser isn't too great an experience either. I don't even bother using it anymore. Keyboard is really small and if you have big fingers you'll be doing a lot of typo corrections. One big disappointment for me was pairing the phone to the Bluetooth system in my 2012 Nissan. It will not send my Contacts Phone Book to this system so if I want to call someone I have to know their phone number and can't just say "call Joe." This might not necessarily be the fault of the phone itself but it's still frustrating.But for the price it's an excellent phone.

I have had this phone for a couple months, no major problems yet. Sometimes when i pressed the buttons, it delays, which can be frustrating. Also, there's an internet button and it's really easy to accidentaly hit, so i used about twenty minutes by accesing it on accident. Bt, the good things are is that it's good for texting and calling. I'm pretty satisfied, but i think i'm gonna get a different phone just because my minutes get used up fast cause i text a lot, so i need unlimited. Hope this helped! - Katie

This phone is perfect for my needs.  Has a camera, a qwerty (thank goodness), and has double minutes for life.  The quality is outstanding, and the price was unbelievable, considering the Tracfone website sells this phone for more money than the seller.  I ordered this phone about four days ago, and it already was in my mailbox last night.  I have already activated it at tracfone on-line, and am learning all about the many features it displays.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.  I would purchase items from this Seller again.

I have had this phone for 11 months. If you are not a heavy phone user, or send 100's of texts a day, you should look into this phone, or Tracfone generally.I send a couple texts now & then, and a few calls. With the Double Minutes for life, I pay $30 every 2 or 3 months. If you are looking for a smart phone, this isn't it. If you plan to surf the web with your phone, you need a different phone and a different type of plan. Although, it is possible to set up email apps if you are technically saavy. I can check my gmail and yahoo mail, but most people probably won't be able to figure it out. The "G" in 500G means its a GSM phone. If you can get Tmobile or ATT in your area, it should work fine. If you live in a rural area, it might not. One of the best features about this phone, I only charge it once a week! I'm upgrading to a smart phone soon, but I'll keep my LG500G as a backup, and as an MP3 player in my desk at work. I am also buying a Tracfone for my elderly parents. They're currently paying $90 a month for what they get on a contract. I've crunched the #'s and based on their usage, they will pay $20 or less a month on average with a Tracfone. The key to understanding Tracfone is being smart enough to know and understand your usage habits.

This phone is okay, however I was disappointed in the keyboard.  It is incredibly small and even my 11 year old with small fingers said it is hard to use.

The keypad is small and if you have even average fingers it's a choir to dial or to text. A good phone. Good sound quality and a decent sized screen

I got this LG500G as a replacement for another that was damaged (dropped into water).  This is one of the newer phones that Tracfone offers for not only calling but texting as well.  The keys are textured and raised to make it easier to test.  This deal was great as I got mine for less than Tracfone offers and this one included shipping which was faster than the projected date.  (Priority Mail shipping).  Tracking was provided which allowed me to follow the progress.  (Tracking is usually not that good when shipped with the USPS once it gets to your local post office).  If you do a lot of texting and choose prepaid phone services, this is a great phone.

I love the buttons on it and I love the program that came with it.  My friend Walt has huge fingers and he still can put numbers win without getting a whole bunch pushed

All the features you could want in an inexpensive phone. If you have large fingers this phone is not for you otherwise this phone is ideal for someone looking for a basic phone with features similiar to a Blackberry. For now, I give it a four star because i just purchased this phone and still learning all the features, once learned will give an update.

Both my husband and I have this phone and we love it overall. But "Smart Phone"? No...that's very misleading in regard to this particular phone. Another reviewer said it correctly- can't web browse on this phone- everything is "too large"- same with trying to send pictures..but as an inexpensive cell phone with a Qwerty keyboard- GREAT!!

Purchased this phone as a gift for my mother who needed a cellphone in case of emergencies.  Did lots of shopping around and read lots of reviews before settling on this phone.  She needed to have one for a trip she was planning to take this weekend.  I'm a Prime member, so shipping was fast and I had the phone in hand in 2 days.  Tried to activate it online, and kept receiving error messages.  Was told to call to activate the phone, which I did.  Was connected to an obvious overseas call center, with someone who spoke very poor English.  She kept telling me the phone could not be activated because it wasn't "authorized."  She told me Amazon was not an authorized seller of Tracfones.  Okay, then why are there so many reviews by people who have purchased Tracfones from Amazon and activated them with no problem?  It was a horrible experience of trying to ask questions, and not receiving clear answers.  She finally offered to send me a free phone, and I would just have to send this one back in the prepaid shipping envelope.  The catch??  The free phone is a lesser model and won't be here until sometime late next week.  This is my first attempt at a Tracfone and will definitely be my last.  In hindsight, I should have simply returned the phone to Amazon and received a refund and figured out another way to get my mom a phone.  I don't know how you would know if a phone was authorized by Tracfone or not, but if anyone knows how to figure this out before purchasing, perhaps they could let us all know.  Definitely not a good experience.

Bought this for a friend visiting from Europe. It worked well. Best price out there and the double minutes are the plus. I had a question and tracfone emailed me within 24 hours so I had no problem with customer service

This is our family's emergency phone.  We don't use cell phones regularly. I am very basic user who has no great cell phone or tech knowledge. I don't make or get many calls, and I use it mainly for texting.  It is a bit awkward to get used to which button combo to use to get certain characters. Sometimes I hit the wrong button and end up in the "browser" menu. The camera works fine, nothing fancy.  The back cover is easily knocked off. Battery life is fantastic. Easy to adjust the volume, too. I got it at a store so it came with a charger and a coupon booklet. I have not used any SD cards or other features or changed anything that can't be done right from the phone's menu (like ring tones).Without knowing much about these things, I like this phone just fine.  I am planning to buy a second one for my daughter to use.

This phone is an amazing little phone for such a great price. My husband has a hearing loss and has a hard time with many phones. He can hear the other person on this phone well. It also has a QWERTY board set up and that makes it easier for my husband to text with. The navigation has been helpful when we are in a new area.

I never made a call on this phone.  It would not work in my area.  It had an AT&T card and customer service gladly sent me a T-mobile card.  That didn't work either.  I told them Verizon is all that works in my area, but they said that phone could not operate with Verizon.  My ignorance, I guess.  I didn't know some phones only worked in some areas.  I just let the minutes expire.  It looks very nice- not like most Tracfones.

Got this as a Christmas present-bottom line-WORST present ever!  They must have neglected to install an antennae in this phone because I only can get a signal if I am standing under a tower and holding it up in the air.  Otherwise, I have NO SIGNAL ANYWHERE!  Pictures that others have sent to me come out completely dark and unviewable unless you hold the phone at about a 60 degree angle, and even then, you can barely make them out.  The same picture on other phones displays bright and clear.  Costs for this phone are out of this world!  I understand that it is a "pay as you go" phone but these charges are crazy!  It costs $1.00 to recieve a single voice mail, $1.00 to recieve a text message, $1.00 to NOT CONNECT to the internet, etc.  This phone comes with 1 pre-installed ringtone.  If you want to purchase more ringtones, they charge you 33 minutes of airtime for each one plus the time it takes to download them.  Phone comes with 2 pre-installed games(java games, not Android games) and if you would like to install other crappy java games or "apps"  they charge you an HOUR of airtime for each one (plus the time it takes to download).  Battery life totally sucks!  Had a Virgin Mobile flip phone and regret ever switching!  Looking forward to the day when I can get rid of this piece of junk and get a decent phone and service plan.  Final word--DO NOT GET THIS PHONE--you will be sorry!!!!!

This is a really good phone for the money. It is loud and clear. The phone arrived in a timely manor.

Happy to have found this at this great price. I wanted an extra as a backup phone and didn't want to have to pay full price again.

This item came exactly as described and was received in a timely manner. The packaging was perfect. I was definitely pleased with the ease of the transaction.

I am very happy with this phone. I like how the keypad lock works and love texting with the qwerty keypad (I have normal sized fingers and have no issues). The camera is okay too. I like the sound, both with music and ring-tones. I was pleasantly surprised by this purchase. I had expected the sound to be below average and found otherwise. I like that it is not branded on the exterior as other tracphones have been. I haven't had a problem with the browser function, although I haven't used it much and don't really plan to. I work with teens and am not embarrassed to pull out this phone. At a glance it looks like an expensive phone, not a reasonably priced one! :-)

Got this as a replacement for the exact same phone.  The phones are apparently very fragile and/or not adequately quality controlled.  After 28 days, unit will not turn on or reset.  Fortunately, all contacts are backed up to microSD card.

Buy a tiny Kingston 4 GB microSDHC memory chip sold by Amazon and some $20.00 item from Amazon and make your LG500G a WPD, Windows Portable Device for about 31 cents.  That's exactly what I did!  I Love Free Shipping!!! It's easy to place the 4G chip in the easy to install, under the battery "no tools required" location! Enjoy your LG500G browsing,  listening to mp3 tunes, taking pix, recording chatter, transferring MP3 tunes and JPEGs in and out, maybe even Gigabyte size class projects via a usb cable, not provided.  Easy to make your favorite pic the Display background! Best buy on the internet for 31 cents!!! The LG500G is my best tracfone ever!!! Check for yourself:  All [...] has to say is "No Accessories" I forgot to mention I paid just over $200.00 total for the LG500G, two years of service, and a little over 1000 minutes.  I paid Walmart $10.00 more than Amazon's price for the phone! Darn!

I bought the LG500G because I needed to upgrade from my old flip-phone to one with a QWERTY pad for more efficient texting. Overall I've been pretty satisfied with it, but as others have mentioned, there's no way to disable the browser function (which I COULD do with my old phone). This hasn't been too much trouble, as I've only accidentally activated it a couple times, and it hasn't cost me a significant number of minutes.Camera, video, and audio recording are not great quality, but better than nothing. I've yet to try the MP3 player function, though it seems like audio storage would be severely limited by the small capacity of most Micro SD cards, so I'll probably just keep using my regular MP3.I should also mention: Rarely, this phone goes into a hard freeze and I have to reset it by removing and reinserting the battery. But altogether, it's a pretty nice phone for the price.

When considering buying a Tracphone, remember, you are dealing with both phone quality and service quality.  While my phone is adequate, experience convinces me it may be Tracphone has gone well out of its way to prove the title of this review factual.A recent purchase of additional air time (not minutes, those are a separate charge) failed to ever appear on my phone. I tolerated this because the phone did continue to work.  Unfortunately, this resulted in time running out without warning.  Problematic, at the best.Trying to buy time with a different card than the one Tracphone kept information on was an effort in futility.  First, changing profile information was only marginally better. For example, my old address nowhere shows up on my profile information, UNTIL I attempt to make a purchase.  All efforts to correct the erroneous address seem more purposed to frustrate than anything else.  Tracphone's means of resolving the problem is to send you off to forums, rather than provide an agent from which to purchase time or minutes - not marketing genius at its best, to be sure.I found changing the card information could, reasonably, give the impression Tracphone had no interest in making sales.  Attempting to use other than the ancient credit card stored on the Tracphone site sends one off on an endless loop.  In the end, I yet have a worthless phone with hundreds of dollars in minutes of talk time.  The problem may yet be solved, but I am wondering if I need to make a career of it, or go to school for a degree in Tracphone quirks.  I suspect I may be out of luck on the latter.Perhaps Tracphone hired incompetent programmers to build its web sites. Alternately, Tracphone may do this intentionally to coerce customers into abandoning their old phones [and, maybe, even minutes].  If the latter, that may also explain what Tracphone did with my credit card information and why I found unauthorized charge attempts.  Too, perhaps accessing the Tracphone site via another browser would have better results, however, my tolerance for companies attempting to control which programs I install on my computer are less than limited.Obviously, I can only speculate on the honesty of Tracphone, but, meanwhile, I can enjoy the fact I can warn others of some of the pitfalls of doing business with Tracphone.The "pro" side of Tracphone is, if and when you can get yours working, they provide "on the road" service for emergencies and so forth.  As for me, I'm still waiting.

I bought this phone for my 10 year old to call me when he got home from school.  He likes it and had no problems figuring out how to use it, which is good because the manual that comes with it is a joke.  The call quality is great and texting is easy with the qwerty keyboard.  I was a little aggravated that within 5 minutes of activing the phone I got a spam message on it but I replied back with the stop message and haven't had any more since then.  I really like that the phone has double minutes for life and comes with coupons inside the box good for each month of the year for additional minutes.  It displays on the home screen the amount of minutes remaining so you know when you need to get more before they are completely gone.  It is a great phone to teach my son how to be responsible with a cell phone while still giving me the piece of mind to know I can get a hold of him at any time.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 starts instead of 5 is because the browser button is the same as the back button and is right next to the power button and it takes .5 minutes if you accidentally hit it.

This has been a great phone I have 3 of them in my family. Sometimes Tracfone is not so always great terrible manuals but I am too cheep to buy into the more expensive plan. I have had tracfones for years.

This phone would be brilliant if it was not so damn complicated.  The costomer service at tracfone SUCKS.  They are hard to understand and it takes up so much time.  I also can't for the life of me figuire out how to put the music or apps on this phone; which it says it is capable of.  Otherwise, this phone is perfect.

I had a phone similar to this with Net10. It varies in a lot of ways. The SD card slot is below the battery which can be a pain because you have to take the battery out to get to it. Whereas with the Net 10 phone it is on the side of the phone. It is surprisingly difficult to add contacts until you figure out where everything is at. Picture messages take a while to send and receive. Beyond that, its a great phone to use.

The phone works well but the keys are to close together.You cant do much change  in the menu or with the buttons.The internet button can not be changed and is very easy to hit and will take a minute away no matter what if you hit it by accident.The cost of airtime is quite high considering net ten is really the same company and is no higher than ten cents a minute.

I have had this phone for about a year and 3 months now and I'm getting a new phone from Virgin Mobile so i guess this phone is gonna hang it up for good. (I'm gonna use the vice to end its life). One thing about it is when its locked sometimes it'll switch to camera mode because when its in my pocket it'll press the camera button, and even start taking pictures. And if u unlock the phone you have to make sure that you don't press the unlock button twice or else it'll start browsing which can cost you some serious money, and the worst part about it is it'll cost you like .50 minutes to just open the browser. I had my phone in my pocket on lock for a while one time and lost like 15 minutes from it being in browser mode. Now that is soooo annoying. (oh yeah and if you use your phone a lot this service is gonna be a terrible ripoff for you). And when i'm texting it'll go from full service which is 5 bars, to saying i don't have service at all. That happens as soon as I send a text. VERY ANNOYING I WOULD NEVER BUY THIS PHONE AGAIN AND I HOPE I NEVER SEE ANOTHER ONE

The product got here on time, but my idea was to bring it to a third world country and be able to use it. Turns out we were not able to activate the phone and it was a waste of money. I'm sure around this area could be useful.

I have bought this phone from ShopCellDeals, and I am very pleased. I use cell phones mainly for texting, the browser is lame, I have to admit that, I try not to use it because it sucks up so many of your minutes. But texting, Now THATS a deal, with this phone, you get double minutes, so if i got a 60 minute card, I would get 120 minutes, and every 3 texts is 1 airtime minute, I figured with just the 60 minutes, I wold be getting 180 texts, but with double minutes, thats 360 texts! AWESOME DEAL, I reccommend this phone for any constant texter. I also plan on trying music on tis phone. I will edit my review once I have tried out the MP3 on the phone. I rate this phone over all 4/5.

While this is not the best phone out there, i am a tracfone customer, and it is one of the newer phones they are offering. I am very happy with the phone, as i did not have the capability to text on my last phone. I love it so far, especially because it is easy to use, easy to read, and the volume and tone of calls is wonderful, even with the speakerphone enabled. Also, the keyboard is good for me; my fingers are large for a woman, and since you cannot use fingernails on i-phone type phones, i wanted the qwerty keyboard with keys. Was a little concerned going from a Motorola to an LG, in terms of clarity of calls, range, etc., but so far the LG has been great. Really glad i took the plunge and bought this phone. O! And you get double minutes for life. Definitely a bargain!! Now if only Tracfone would offer the I-Phone, i'd be in heaven!!

I bought this phone to replace my razr, it was very easy to activate,and even received a ten min bonus.I had to spend a whole day just to learn the keypad,but all n all it's a good phone.

i hate this phone. Once your inbox is full with about 200 messages, you have to go back and delete the messages ONE AT A TIME. There is no "mass delete" button. also, ive butt-dialed the browser button about 583 times and its stayed open without me knowing for a lonnnngggggg time. So many minutes have been wasted. Last thing: after my inbox gets full once, the number of messages to make it full gets smaller and smaller. it eventually got to four messages. this phone is extremely annoying.

Very cool phone, that has a lot of features, it's a really good phone that I would highly recommend to many others

The &#34;QWERTY&#34; keyboard is so much easier for texting than a phone with just the number pad.  I do miss my flip phone though.

I brought this item at Walmart Monday after Thanksgiving for $29.88.  Found the same item here listed for $19.88 same day.  Went back to Walmart and they matched the price.  Although I didn't buy here, Amazon.com is blessing.  The cellphone is proving to be well worth the money.  It does have the advantage of double minutes for the life of the phone.  I don't believe that you will be able to match with other pay as you go plans.
