
can't beat it,not fancy, anyone that needs a phone that works and is durable, my old nokia is 5 yaers old and still works just wanted a new one

The friend that I bought this phone for lives in Kazakhstan. She inserted her SIM card, powered up the phone and it works just fine. She is very happy with the phone and the savings by purchasing it on Amazon.com verses purchasing the phone in Kazakhstan. Overall happy client...

This is a fantastic, easy to use feature phone that I highly recommend for people who just want a phone for calls and texts. It feels good in the hand, call quality in excellent, and the battery lasts quite a long time. It's probably one of the nicest &#34;dumb&#34; phones still on the market.

I thought this was an upgrade to my other Nokia phone, which finally bit the dust after 5 years.My problems with it are:1. the loudspeaker is NOT loud, in fact it is way too quiet - nothing like my old Nokia.2. it is made of the most slippery material anyone could imagine.  I actually wrapped rubber bands around it so I would stop dropping it.3. the keys are way too small for my fat little fingertips.The things I like:1. it picks up a cell signal where other brand-name phones do not, so I don't drop calls.2. the battery is great.3. the audio is clear.

I gave it to my wife as our anniversary gift and she admires it. it makes her call me more often. The phone looks beautiful.

The phone is working properly. I received it in good conditions and basic accessories. It should include the USB cable. I recommend it.

Don't have a lot of choice protective case available. Other than that it's fits for my daily purpose only for make calls and answering call. I like the fm radio receiver, too.

Very pretty smart and tough, I hope to continue shopping at amazon, nokia in my country is very cozy, country Ecuador, all in pretty good order, the packaging of the cell, one that should send packing boxes smaller ..

Had some problems when I first received.Have had now about a year, with tmobile prepaid. Update:  have had for 3 years!  Love the phone....and only buy 50 bucks of minutes per year with tmobile prepaid...gold reward member, so I get 14% more minutes!It is a fairly decent phone....I can text and text pictures....It has a fairly long battery life.I use about 500  minutes a year.....so not alot being paid forphone service....thinking of dumping my landline with comcast....will use more minutes then.Bought an ooma and boy, does that save the dough!  And it works great; justifies for me having wifi because now I have no phone bill.Love my Nokia,....it holds a long charge and has very clear reception.  It has served me well the two year's I've had it.  I have all kinds of music thingies, so don't use the phone for that.

It's a great phone.  One of my favorite features is it's capability to sync with Microsoft Outlook using the Nokia OVI software.  It is an accurate and seamless sync and the phone has the capability to hold 2000 contacts and my complete calendar.Impressive.

it works great and  what  was shown on the site is what I received. I have no complaints at all.

Product as described. In perfect condition, although refurbished. Works perfectly. Easy installation for ATT carrier. Box could have been in better condition.

The Nokia C2-01 is a feature phone. It does not do the web well. The 3G on this phone is pretty slow on AT&T; when compared to the iPhone, and the interface is not touch screen. If you want those things, you should buy the iPhone. It's a cool phone, and you can play sweet games about birds and tweet a picture of the panini you are eating for dinner on Twitter, no problem.After a week, I am in love with this phone. It takes good-enough pictures, does Gmail pretty well, has great bluetooth connectivity, and plays my music. I can tether my iPad and computer to its data connection (AT&T;) at no extra cost. The data connection is not fast but it gives me the web anywhere when I want it and, more importantly, its limited connectivity/non-touchscreenness helps me forget the web when I'm with my family.As a former iPhone user, I used to make fun of people with feature phones. Now, it seems like I'm more aware of actual life when I'm out getting my pizza party on with the wife and kids. Instead of sitting face-down in some Facebook with stuff going on around me, my phone stays in my pocket and my attention stays on what's important.It's not the phone for everyone, but it helps me be a better dad.If you feel distracted by your technology, but still want to retain some connectivity (for work or even with other gadgets), this is not a bad choice. And it's cheap.

It is a good device with the price. The function is so so.When I received the cell phone, the keyboard makes zizi noise. After had been used for  a couple of days, the noise disappeared, but came out again and again. Finally, I decided to return it.The cell phone does not have WIFI. When the siginal is not good enough, you cannot visit internet. And there is only one clock. Therefore, you have to set clock if you want alarm at different time.If I talk on the phone for a long while, the phone becomes a little hot. And the battery can last for 4 hours instead of 8 hours mentioned by NOKIA. If you have a lot of calls, you have to consider it.The camera is not good. The picture is not clear due to 3.2 MP.

If you are a Lilliputian or a three year old your fingers may be small enough to accurately operate this phone.  I can NEVER get a number or menu item entered first go round. Even pre-programmed &#34;1 touch dialing&#34; is a pain on this phone. Phone quality is acceptable if you don't mind the microscopic dialpad.  This review is likely moot, everyone is using iphones now.

I bought this as it supports the GSM and 3G frequencies used in Costa Rica. I also purchased a US/UK SIM card, to test, and so far the phone works great. I haven't been able to get the Facebook functionality to work (I use 2-factor on FB, so not sure if that matters) and I also couldn't get a text until I figured out the correct way to format a UK number with a US text message. But these aren't the fault of the phone. It worked great! Will update the review once I travel with it in Costa Rica.

Good phone, all I need (and more) for calling. No software for Mac, however, a major drawback. This, even though the phone was developed and marketed before Microsoft bought Nokia! A second shortcoming is the lack of a USB cable (you can buy an aftermarket  cable). Finally, the phone cannot be charged via its USB connector using a USB transformer. This is a nuisance when you travel with several electronic devices, since you have to carry the supplied transformer/charger or plug the phone into a computer (with the aftermarket USB cable) to charge the battery.

I bought this phone for my wife when her Razor was dying. She thinks this phone is great. It takes great pictures and is easy for her to text, which is what she does a lot of. She likes the unique Nokia ring tones and the battery life. She can go a couple of days without recharging. It also has good reception, where we have a hard time getting a signal at our house, she is still able to text and talk.

It was what I was looking for.Of course it got my expectatives and I 'd recommended to my clos relatives

It is really light weight phone. Easy to use. Has basic funtions that make it fun to use. She is loving it

This was a present for my dad...he loves it.Does just what it supposed to do,phone calls, texts.Great reliable phone from Nokia.Awesome battery life.

What a wonderful ProductI think this is so comfortable and compact and yet very very sharp reception and easy to view.

I received my phone in good time.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  I don't do internet or texting, so this phone is perfect for me.  Very easy to understand and the camera is great.  I had a Nokia phone once before and was very well pleased. I am glad I decided on another Nokia product.  My husband is convinced also, he will be ordering also.Thanks for good service.Sybil B.

Worked in Spain, Portugal, Morocco. Its a Nokia, any SIM card street vendor everywhere in the world can deal with it it; they get always very happy when an American tourist pulls out an unlocked candy-bar Nokia, and not a CDMA iPhone. Big plus, it can be charged by the micro USB port.

Was looking to replace a 7 year old Nokia that finally gave up. I was surprised to find out that Nokia still made the candybar style non-touch screen phones. I don't have a data plan with my ATT service, so I can't comment on the internet features.  Added a 16GB microSD card and loaded it up with music. The overall interface is simple and intuitive. The built in media player recognized a direct copy/paste of my iTunes library without issue. No issues syncing up with Windows 7 Pro 64 Bit. The Nokia Ovi PC software worked fine and allowed me to finally back up my extensive collection of contacts.  For a basic little phone it is feature loaded without compromising the primary function of being a phone. If you want a good PHONE, this is the ticket.  I do recommend the purchase of the plastic skin that covers the back of the phone.  Link: iTALKonline ProGel BLACK Super Hydro Gel Protective Armour/Case/Skin/Cover/Shell for Nokia C2-01  It will offer some protection from accidental drops or scrapes. To the people complaining about the picture quality, it is only a 3.2MP camera. It's not going to be great.

Awesome. Works great. Just like other Nokia phones. Not good for facebooking or texting. I use it as a regular phone, not a smartphone. I still love it.

When I talk on the phone it gets very hot in my hand and then after about 3 to 5 minutes it shuts down and I order a battery but I haven't got it yet.  I am very disgusted with it because it gets good reception out here but what good is a cell phone if you can't talk on it.

This phone has all the features I need at a reasonable price.  Here are some of my favorites:Size - Small enough to easily fit in your pocket.Battery life - Very good.  I can usually go about 5 days between charges.  Previous phones I have owned usually lasted about 3 days.Camera - It takes very nice pictures if the light is good and you hold it still.Data - It is easy to connect to a computer with a micro USB cable (not included) to access the microSDHC flash memory card (not included).  I recommend buying both a micro USB cable and a microSDHC flash memory card when you buy this phone.Samsung USB Home Travel Charger with Detachable Micro USB Cable for Galaxy S 4G T959V, Vibrant Plus, Vibrant 4GAmazonBasics 8 GB microSDHC Class 10 Flash Memory Card with SD AdapterButtons - The buttons have a nice feel.  They are good for the occasional text message.  The predictive text works pretty well for typing with only 10 keys.Media player - You can load MP3s on this phone and play them through the included earphones.  It also plays FM radio.  You can also select MP3s as ring tones.Charging - Charging can be done using the included adapter or through the micro USB cable.Compatibility - I use T-Mobile pre paid.  I put my SIM card in, and the phone worked right away.  It will not send pictures, but I have read that you can contact T-Mobile to enable picture send if you want it.  Since pictures cost $.25 each to send, I choose to keep this feature disabled and upload any pictures directly to my PC.Nokia Suite software - This is my only complaint about this phone.  This software is confusing and difficult to use.  It will allow you to put some extra games on the phone, but many of the games will not work without a data plan.  Downloading music and backing up the phone is not intuitive.  The software needs a Windows Explorer type interface to show you exactly what is on the phone, and it needs a simple copy & paste feature.  It also does not provide access to data on the SIM card, so you cannot get a simple list of your contacts.Overall, this is a great replacement for the old phone that came with my T-Mobile pre paid plan.

I brought two of these phones and gifted to my friends overseas.Both of them have been complaining that the unit keeps shutting down on it's own. It's been 1 month since this is happening intermittently .We contacted Nokia Support and did the following:1) battery calibration.2)Hard reset as suggested by Nokia support but in vain.3)Set everything to default and tried using it again.4)Bought a new power adapter and re-charged to rule out power adapter issue. No go.Would not recommend this model to others.You may want to check on other models.

You exceeded my expectations by including an extra in this shipment that I didn't expect.  I didn't expect it but thank you very much.  It swivels so its not as chinzthy as I first thought.

I'm so happy to be back with a Nokia phone! My first two were Nokias but my last one wasn't and I really disliked it, so it's super to have another Nokia. This little phone packs a lot into its small size, and the predictive text is excellent (my previous phone's was dismal, to be kind). I found all those tiny qwerty keyboard keys too small for my fingers anyway. This Nokia is much more user-friendly, being quite intuitive. The screen is also nice and bright, and has an auto-lock feature that's nice, as well as some other features not available on my S*&^%#g phone, which I absolutely HATED. The only downside is that the sync software for the other phone didn't sync anything of substance, so I have had to transfer it all manually (still doing it). I love that I can also take this phone with me to Europe, where the technology is so more advanced than here in the States. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to be free of a "smart" phone (even though this one could be if I wanted it to) with the full keyboard so it's a more manageable size. Sound quality is superb, and my bluetooth earpiece works flawlessly with it. Even the FM radio comes in clearly. You simply can't go wrong with owning a Nokia phone!

This is a nice little phone if just using for phone calls and texting. Haven't had any trouble with reception.  My phone uses AT&T network and I haven't had any problems. I tried sending a photo and it doesn't work.  Since the screen is so small, even if you can access the internet, it is hard to read the information.  If you are planning on purchasing this phone to use with straight talk, be forewarned, you will have to purchase their $45 a month plan.

I have had this phone for a while now, and couldn't be happier with it.  Battery life is good, it has a radio, and plays mp3's, has a micro card slot for adding music and storing pictures.  I do text, but don't use the internet with it, this was my step short of getting a smart phone. I think Nokia makes great phones, this is my 2nd or 3rd from them.

Nokia C2-01 is really a good phone...its very cheap and features good in all aspects...working with all GSM carriers....cute and simple phone

Nokia phones are so easy to use and this one is no exception. Easy phone to make calls and to text. I could not get any emails or I could not see any picture text that came in.

I thought I was purchasing a phone that could hold 2 sim cards at once (DUAL). My disappointment was not for long as the features outweigh my disappointment. The camera takes lovely pictures. Internet service etc. what more can I asked for.

My dad needed a new cell phone. He had a touch screen phone that couldn't hold a charge any more and he being old school, wanted a old fashioned phone with buttons. So I got him this Nokia C2-01.5 as a replacement. The phone works great and since it was unlocked, all I had to do is insert his AT&T sim card and it he was making calls right away. It has all the features he needed, bright screen, long battery life (3 days between charge, great since he talks a lot) , bluetooth and easy to use menu. Overall, its an excellent phone fit for an old school  man like my dad, nothing fancy, just basic, perfect for someone who use it for making calls and occasional text messages.

Beautiful phone. Good as the stock picture looked.You get what you paid for. There were no surprises, the delivery was fast. No complaints. Everything is all good in  the hood.

I bought this product under New Products, and it died within two months of using it. It worked perfectly the first month, and in the middle of the second month, I tried to switch it on one morning and it just could not go on again, completely couldn't.I bought this product so I can use it to keep my number and phone contract from my home country active, and it worked for as long as the phone lasted.... A little bit over one and half month. It is still new, with all its accessories, but not working anymore.I have bought a product like this before in Africa and it worked well for two years. This one did not last even a complete two months. It never met my expectations.

I have an iPhone. But I wanted to be able to text and drive like the old days.  I wanted buttons and T9.  I wanted a phone that would get a better cell connection; at home; with the iPhone, I have to walk out into the street to make a call.  I wanted a smaller, less slippery, less needy phone for sailing and biking.  So, I bought the C2-01.  I moved my number to the Nokia device and put a new number on the iPhone.  Here are my observations after a precious day of fidgeting:1) The Nokia phone seems crufty.  And slow.  It's not because of any defect in the function of the phone.  It's just very far away from a modern design.  It's my fault for thinking I could go home again, maybe.2) There's a problem with email that people have been complaining about online for years with Nokia phones. It doesn't appear to have ever been answered.  One can set up their Internet connectivity okay, but still be unable to make the Mail application return anything but "Communication error. Try again later."  I can't get to the ovi store either.  I can surf the web... that leaves me with webmail as an option.  That's a really painful prospect on this tiny screen with its clunky interface.3) When you go from an iPhone to something else using the same phone number, your iPhone (iMessage) friends won't be able to send you messages on your new phone.  I haven't figured out how to fix this, though I've tried a number of online recommendations, including unregistering the iPhone.If I conquered the email issue and the iMessage stickiness, I'm not sure it would be enough to make me feel good about my phone experiment.  As a minimum, I will swap the phone numbers back. Will there be any point to keeping the Nokia phone then?  Probably not.UPDATE >> I hunted and pecked until I figured out the solution to the email problem/ovi store problem.  Once you've got Internet connectivity through the web browser, go back into SETTINGS/CONFIGURATION/PERSONAL CONFIG/Options/New -> Access Point.  Under Bearer Settings, type the name you chose for the Web (internet) access.  Back out and activate the new 'access point.' Mail and Ovi should work.  I was able to set the phone up for my Google Apps gmail account with no problem -- just by entering the email address and password.  I did end up swapping the numbers back.  I kept the Nokia phone as a second, unneeded line.

I ordered mine in Feb '12 and it has preformed very well, although I live in the Tulsa area.I only use the voice calling function on my plan with Tmobile, but it receives texts, in good order.Driving a truck, it has worked everywhere nationwide that it's been used.It works well with a blu tooth headset, or on speaker phone when the need arises.The alarm works well also.I've found this to be as reliable as any phone I've carried since '87, whether, bar or clamshell.The sound quality, is very good when used as a mp3 player, while mowing.Overall a very good cheap phone that has great features, and a good battery life.High quality pix can be transferred to comp with included usb cable, blutooth, or other means.Uses the same screen protectors (highly recommended) as a Nokia 5130, perfect fit. Just FYI

THIS WAS A GIFT BUT I SO LOVE THE GAMES ON IT THAT I THINK IUSE IT MORE THAN THE PERSON FOR WHOM IT WAS INTENDED.

Nokia C2-01.5 is just an average camera.  The back was hard to open and it came with no sim card.  However, I was able to use the sim card from my AT&T phone.  I got a good deal from AT&T and am happily using my new phone.  Still lots of things to learn about the phone.

I was looking for a NON smart phone which has good battery life. I hardly use the smart phone features and use my mobile phone just for talking. I think I made the correct choice. I got my ATT bill reduced by $15/month since it is not a smart phone.The features are very straight forward and simple to understand. For those who use the camera on their cell phones should stay away from this phone. If you compare it to the IPhone and their counterparts you will be disappointed. But I was not looking for the camera feature so I was happy. The keypad is responsive and the display is bright and crisp. There are some dated games loaded for those who like to play.

Great simple phone. I bought this for my 80 year old Mother and she loves that it is easy to use.

just like it says on the title. photo quality is better than most bar phones out there. call quality is good. i've had better but its doable. music is loud and clear. i just dont like the fact that i have to clear every individual number if i call automated systems while using the keypad, unlike other phones i've used, i can just hold the clear button for about 2 seconds and everything clears off. other than that, overall the phone is the best bar phone i've ever had. hahaha  some people has mistaken my phone to be a very basic cheap phone. and i tell them, i can do email, go on facebook, i have ovi store, 3.2 megapixel camera, and this phone was around 100 bucks, etc.... lol

I purchased this phone because I needed a quad-band mobile that could be used with different SIM cards in Europe and Africa--I have so far used it in Namibia, South Africa and Ghana, and will be using it in Ireland and France next month. I wanted something that wouldn't fall apart, as I needed it to last me for a year in Namibia and Ghana, but I also didn't want to spend a lot of money in the likely case it were to be stolen while I was abroad. This phone fit the bill. It is very simple to learn to use straight out of the box, has a surprisingly decent camera, and immediately worked with the three different SIM cards from three different countries and companies.Battery life on this phone was also excellent, going at least a week between charges even when I was sending and receiving dozens of texts a day (I rarely used it to call people as air time is too expensive for many Africans to afford, but I did make and receive a few international calls from/to Ghana and found the quality of these calls to be surprisingly good).The one issue I had with the phone was that I was never able to access the internet despite being on a 3G network. I was never able to determine whether this was a problem with the network provider or with the phone itself. This wasn't a big issue for me as I had other ways to access the internet, but I wanted to note this as others have complained about the same problem with US providers.Overall, I was very pleased with the value and quality of this phone. I'd highly recommend it to those traveling internationally, particularly to those that travel to multiple countries that may be on different GSM frequency bands.

I needed an unlocked 'phone to contact friends and family abroad and this worked superbly.  It was very easy to set up and I can report that it fulfilled its promise.  My usual Nokia phone (with Vodafone as the provider) had a back that was impossible to remove to change the SIM card, so the ease with which you can remove the back on this model to insert a different SIM card was excellent.  It keeps the costs to a minimum, instead of being charged under contract prices when 'phoning/texting abroad.Altogether an excellent buy.

I have purchased this phone in 2011 for my parents, as review is good and photo on website looks nice.Yet, after some time of use, my parents complained that battery life is NG (like having to charge everyday) within one year of purchase. I doubt this at the beginning as Nokia generally should have good reputation, especially for such a simple phone.Later my parents showed me the phones and I took a solid second look.  What I found really shocks me.As you can see in the web photo of the phone, there are two buttons: green with phone symbol at left and red one at the right for hand off, each with CLEAR DETAILS.Yet on the phones I got, the green is just one rough dot of green color and red is dot color too, clearly manually painted. My bad that I did not check this phone at the earliest time when I just got them.

my father has been having this for like year and a half and there is not problem with this jet.

This is good phone for the price. The screen is hard to see. I would like to be able to increase the contrast but I can not do that. Also when texting the o on the bottm of the phomne is very hard to press and makes it difficult to space between words when you are texting.Craig

This phone is one of the best global phones you can find it is also very simple but does offer some compelling features such as an mp3 player, video camera, picture camera, applications, and more. you can also find this phone is very resilient to harm, and can find replacement parts both here on amazon, as well as ebay. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.

Looks great, great touch of keys, loud ring and low cost,  Also very easy to use, and I can use it with my T-Mobile pay as you go plan!

Everything working fine, it's an excellent option for such a low price!, it comes with many functions to chat, check your e-mail and some other cool features!!

This is a nice phone with typical Nokia layout. It has always been easy for me to jump from one Nokia to the next due to the continuity of their layout. The camera and such are great. My only complaint is that it feels more flimsy and creaks when I push the lower buttons. My other Nokia bar phones have definitely been more robust.

I cannot believe how tiny this thing is.  It looks like it was made ages ago.  I can't believe they are charging this much for a phone this old.  I wanted an older phone but it's like a mini phone.  I'm a petite woman and it's the size of my palm not the size of my hand. The buttons are too tiny to push with my fingers.

Bought it for my wife's use to use in our vacation outside U.S...simple, easy to use, easy to navigate and efficient.

I am not new to Nokia phones (this might be my tenth Nokia phone), and I have always loved how customizable they can be.  The Series 40 OS allows the screen to show you as much, or as little as you want.  I don't miss the large display, or the touch screen.  I replaced my android  4G phone with this Nokia.  I had turned off the 4G, and all updates on that phone in order to keep the battery from discharging in one day, and this phone so far has not budged on the battery bar after two days of calls/music/customizing.  My phone line with the android did not have a data plan, so for me the phone was only for calls, texts, and my music player. This Nokia does all of that without having fifty applications that I will never use.  If old school phones are what you are looking for, consider this Nokia, and it works well with my T-Mobile account.

I bought the Nokia C2-01 after reading reviews and being an Old Sckool kind of guy when it comes to phones. I need a Phone to Talk and Text, I got a Laptop for the rest....I use T Mobile Prepaid. When I first set up the phone I had a Problem. I could Not send or recieve picture messages. The only way I could get internet was through the Browser. The other functions like OVI store, Nokia.mobi, Home, and Web Services would not work.""So here is how these Problems can be FIXED"",I went to T Mobile online, go to bottom of the page and click on Contact Us, a new page will come up, on the top left click on Get Support Online .Now when you do this you will need your T Mobile PIN number, NO problem if you forgot it, the Live Advisor will help you set up a new one. After all the confirmation of who you are, The Live Advisor will send you a message to the phone and with a code (1234), open the message enter the code and "ALL is FIXED", just to make sure the live advisor will tell you to take a photo and send it to yourself. Yea send it to your own phone number, I did not use my area code and it worked, I got my own picture message. After doing this my Nokia C2-01 worked 100% all issues with sending picture messages, and other functions were FIXED !Personnaly the only time I "might" use the Web Browser is to check my Lotto Numbers, if you do the Face Book thing this phone is not for you because the screen is to small.I also bought on Amazon the "I Talk" phone case it does the job and all opennings are perfect, there are some on ebay , But I have noticed all cases for the Nokia C2-01 mostly come from England (Royal Mail) could not find any here in the USA and there are some from China(ebay). The only thing I could find sold here in the USA are Screen Protectors, "don't forget them".Head Set (Headphones) I bought this Nokia C2-01 new from Amazon, for the few $$$$ more why buy a used one? Anyway the phone came with a Nokia Head Set (headphones), This phone only works well with is own brand the Nokia Head Set that came with it. I have several Head Sets and my favorite Skull Candy Head Set, but they do not work well, they sound awefull, must use the Nokia Head Set !"Volume Control", are the other people that write these reviews about poor volume control "For Real"......This Nokia C2-01 Earpiece has Excellent Volume and Excellent Volume Control settings. .....Heres what you do....go to Menu, go to Settings, go to Navigation Key and select a short cut for the Volume Control on the Navigation Key (up or down or left-right, you pick). This little phone can get loud and the Media Player there is a different volume control that works well for the Media Player.This Nokia C2-01 is small, light and sleek, never had a problem with number keys being small for my Man hands, Has USB and Memory Card slots on the side. Head Set and Charging Jack on the top.Camera works, 3.2 MP for 1536x2048, 2.0MP for 1200x1600, 1.2MP for 960x1280, 0.5MP for 600x800, 0.3MP for 480x640, and 0.1MP for 240x320 this is a phone not a 14.1 MP Sony Cybershot, OK....Signal is Excellent, I work in a Hospital and never lost signal anywhere in the building. There is a Lanyard Slot on the top left side but you have to open the back cover to string it up and use it (if your into using a lanyard). Battery life is Excellent, charge last a long time. Good choice of ringtones. comes with 4 games Sudoku, City Bloxx, Brain Champ. , and Block'd .Media player is Great for this small phone, I use a 8GB micro SD memory card , listen to music with headset or speaker, I got a usb cable and the phone sync'd up with NO problem with my hp laptop music , photos, etc..and chargesThis is a Nice Simple Little Phone that gets the Job done.

Very ordinary phone with very basic feature. Wish to return it if had not open the box. It should worth 30 bulks not 90! I wont' complain if it cost 30 not 90

Good phone for those that want just something simple. great for Papas and Mamas that are not computer literate lol...

This is a great small phone.  I've had Nokia cellular phones for years and there are convenient improvements in this model.  Instructions are not adequate, so a telephone call to Nokia was needed to get my favorite ringtone to work.  Telephone numbers can be grouped, but you need to label groups, starting with "aa" to get the groups to appear first on this model.  Functions can be selected for the hot keys (icons appear on screen) and also ordered under the "go to" key; very convenient.  A minor trade-off is the display goes dark quickly if not used, to preserve battery life.  Coverage is much better than previous Nokia phones I've had.  I don't know if it is the quadband capability or the 3G capability, but something made a major improvement.

Simple to use, battery lasts a long time, the quality of the sound is very good. Overall it is a great phone!

Excellent I highly recommend it

Nokia has provided NO way to move ANY data - NO contacts or anything else - onto this phone. ZERO SUPPORT, and the support thread at Nokia provides ample evidence that they simply don't care about their customers:[...]Plenty of problems for PC users, too:[...]An otherwise nice phone crippled by corporate incompetence.

I needed a phone to use while overseas.  This Nokia is absolutely perfect and has more functions that I need.  Im sure I will use them.I love Nokia phones and this onedoes not disappoint.  GREAT value for the money

I bought this to use it for my roaming simcard,the moment i put the simcard its worked right away,i wil purchase more to send it to philippines for my mom and dad very simple for them to operate.

I would like to know if the C2-01 Nokia Unlocked GSM Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Music and Video Player - U.S. Version with Warranty (Black), works for any operator in Venezuela because it is a very complete and dramatic cell. Digitel telephony operating in frequency bands of 900 MHz or 1800 MHz. I would appreciate your prompt response

i've had several transactions with amazon and so far their proffesionalism is untainted. the unlocked nokia c2-01.5 is described as it is. perfect for visiting relatives who need a prepaid phone. i'd recommend this phone for their true purpose...talk and text.

Great phone needed it to receive & send texts from Ireland. So happy that it works in Puerto Rico. :)

First, I love this phone;It was everything I wanted, without all the "smartphone" junk and expense I wouldn't use. I didn't want to get stuck in another 2 yr contract, and have to buy a data plan with AT&T;, just because I had to have a new phone. I researced for weeks, with no cell phone, ended up buying a gophone, LG Encore (touchscreen horror story!) and using it for 2 weeks before I settled on this phone. So I didn't just jump into a new phone.This phone is great as far as sound, dialing, texting, if ALL you want is a simple phone; If that was all, I'd give it 5 stars, so if you want to get a good, plain phone, at this price, go for it. You can stop reading now.However, if you want a phone you can use to take and then send or ever receive multimedia messages, keep looking. The camera, although a 3.2 mp takes grainy, blurry pictures.My biggest issue with the phone is that I can't ever receive or send anything except text messages. Forget the cute Christmas pics I was supposed to have gotten from friends and relatives! I had the phone for about 3 weeks before deciding there must be a problem, since I had more than 1 person ask what I thought of the pics they had sent! This phone IS NOT UNLOCKED to receive multimedia (mms)messages. Believe me, I have tried! I have spent literally hours on the phone with AT&T; tech people over the last 3 days, trying to see if it could be set to receive mms. Every tech rep was extremely helpful and made calls, searched the web, and did all they could to try and help. After the first 2 days of working to find the problem, we even decided to return the phone and get another one (Amazon advertises the phone as unlocked for mms as well as web access). I received the new phone yesterday, and after letting it fully charge, went through the whole ordeal of set-up again. Then spent another hour on the phone with a tech, same thing.This phone WILL NOT accept, or send, multimedia messages, and you CANNOT access the web (though it is supposed to be unlocked to do that and is advertised as such), IF you use AT&T; services (I can't speak for other carriers), be aware this will not work for you.One last thought, since I'm sure many of us might assume it is AT&T;'s fault, since this is not their phone maybe they just don't want to put in the codes needed. I also had a conference call with Nokia. The rep I spoke to was very rude and refused to help or assume any responsibility from Nokia. I had called Nokia and been told to have the AT&T; tech person do a conf call with me and they would be able to help. When I got a tech person on the phone and called Nokia back, their rep was unbelievably rude and a huge waste of time. Nokia refused to help at all. I now have to either keep a "dumbed down" phone, or go through the process of trying to find a good phone all over again! So, buyer be aware!
