
I've only had the phone for 3 days but it has worked great hooked to Bluetooth easy and was easy to navigate the menus I just wanted a good solid phone definitely not a smart phone  just a phone that works

i really like the phone this was a refurbished phone but it is as good as a new phone i would recomend it to anyone.

This phone is clunky as they get, very user unfriendly but it holds calls.  My rating, reception: 14 on a scale of 1 to 10.  Everything else, maybe between 2 to 4. This phone shows that manufacturers really can do something about the dropped call problem if only consumers raised hell.  But no hope there.  As every fool knows, the cell phone market is populated by sheep.

I bought this phone for one reason only: Sound quality. The reviews on different Tech review websites said that this phone had by far the best sound of any AT&T compatible phone. I was tired of garbled sound and thought it would be worth the money. The sound has proven to be no better than other phones that I have had. Also, the use of functions and entering of information is less intuitive and more difficult for me than other phones. I'm not a techie and don't want to be. To make using the phone even more of a problem, the owner's manual that came with it stopped at 43 pages although the table of contents shows more than 100 pages. The seller was friendly enough but said it could not locate a replacement and referred me to the owner's manual website. The phone has many functions that I don't need and never intended to use so I can't review them, as I said I was interested in sound quality and am disappointed.

As advertised this phone can take punishment. Perfect phone for on the job if all you need is voice service.

I am really just writing this review for historical purposes since no same person in 2013 would actually buy this phone, but just in case you are having any doubts, read on...The Motorola Tundra was arguably the worst cell phone of its day. This was Motorola's attempt to port a Linux-OS to a ruggedized flip-phone format. The first phone I received had a screen defect, so I replaced it. The second phone appeared fine for a few days and then promptly started to die, here are the various problems:- Phone would spontaneously dial keys, even on a call (usually it would dial just ######, but this made using voicemail or other services impossible and made conversations impossible). Saw a tech, no stuck keys, software issue.- Battery would last 15 minutes. Got new battery, same issue. Motorola does SW update, fixed. Week later, same issue.- Trying to take off battery cover nearly broke phone. Yes, I know it is a rugged phone, but it does have to be serviceable, right?- Phone was made in the era of iPhone. Apps were all horrible. AT&T; would give you a driving app for $15 a month, XM would give radio for $10 a month, browser was a small screen WAP browser. No pro email like Blackberry connect or Exchange Activesync at all.Alright, enough whining. What was good:- Reception. If the phone had ever been it a state to make a call, that call probably would have been AWESOME!- The only phone you can use as a weapon. Yes, it is really that rugged.

really love the phone, pretty tuff, would recommend, nice size, numbers easy to push and read. very easy to learn how to use.

I purchased a refurbished Motorola Tundra VA76r from Great Value Cellular because I did not want to pay almost $250.00 for a new one. The refurbished one was $130.00. I have had it for a day now and it works great with my existing AT&T SIM card because it is a genuine AT&T phone but is unlocked. The reception is great with its stub antenna, it has a great rugged design consisting of rubber and a titanium looking metal that is very strong. Overall the phone looked brand new like I just bought it from Motorola.

I bought a used, unlocked, Tundra to use on T-Mobile as I was looking for a rugged phone with a few basic functions: Messaging, a camera, and of course good phone service. I paid under $80 for an unlocked phone that connected immediately to T-Mobile, no problem. Reception is excellent- better than the Nokia I've been using. Sound isolation is similarly good. This is the best phone I've yet found for use in a noisy environment. I'll probably be moving to a smartphone in the near future but I plan on keeping the Tundra for overseas travel as it's a quad-band GSM phone that should work on most non-US networks.

Battery was no good in phone and the back plate was broke. Phone works fine but the reason for the purchase was the flip top hinge on my phone was broke, this one is the same it is also broke.

My husband is a contractor and needed a phone which was durable, got great reception, and had good sound. After checking out the written and video reviews (search YouTube for these), we went with the Tundra. He's had it for several months now and is very happy with it. The durability is as-advertised - he actually dropped it off a roof onto a concrete patio with no noticeable damage to the phone. It also takes decent pictures when he doesn't have a camera with him, and downloading them to his laptop is a snap (plug it in, drag & drop). Highly recommend it.

This was a replacement phone so I already knew it was a great phone.  Unfortunately, this phone has been discontinued through our service provider.  I don't want delicate phones for our crew.  My review is more about the seller.  I'm glad they had this phone and they got it too me immediately.  Also, I didn't have to sign a new contract with the service provider because the term was not over on this line for the old phone.  All I had to do is switch the sim cards.

I sought out a phone that was more function than fashion because I have a talent for dropping, washing and displacing my phone in the oddest of locations.  And I absolutely didn't see the sense of carrying a computer with frivolous apps around- for which I'd pay plenty - when I had everything I needed at home.  What I wanted was a sturdy, shock resistant phone that received great reception.That's what I found with the Tundra from Motorola.  The keys, which are large enough to be comfortable but not as large as a Jitterbug, are protected from the front of the case.  Having already tested some of its claims, I find it sturdy and small enough to throw in your pocket when need be.  Some people complain about the 3/4" antenna, but it's never bothered me at all and lend itself to calls with clarity and a noise dampener.The phone is browser-ready for the internet, but I don't use it, so I can't comment on that.  The camera is at the low end of the spectrum and is more an "in a pinch" feature than a quality accessory.  And texting... This is where I have my only gripe.  I knew before I purchased it that it wasn't designed for text messaging and I wasn't bothered because I didn't text as a rule.  However, I didn't count on the frequency with which everyone I know would be texting me.  The Tundra is absolutely, 100% not the phone for you if you text a lot.  It can be done, but it's a letter-by-letter process, and the anticipatory library it supplies is absurd.  If I type the letters "the," rather that offer "there" or "they'll," if offers something like "therapy" or "theatrical."That said, the Tundra plays on its strengths in the areas advertised.  As a utility phone with the toughness to back it up and good call quality, you can't go wrong.(And AT&T;, get over yourselves.  No one needs 7 irremovable AT&T; numbers programmed in before all other contacts.  At least you could put them in one folder or something.)

Motorola tundra is one of the best cell phone ever made,, in terms of sound quality, battery life and easy usage ,,,, this is my third time bought this phone as its liked by my friends and they're greating to own it so they buy it through my accounts and i have another three friends they want to buy it ,,, thanks amazon to make our dreams to own motorola tundra come true

Had to move from Nextel using very rugged phones and great PTT feature for our small transportation company (105 handsets).  We use a java application & besides the Nextel handsets, it only works on a few other ruggedized phones and that was our primary concern (our drivers are out in the weather & are hard on handsets).  We decided on AT&T due to their promised ability to handle PTT address book sync feature which has not worked on Nextel for a while.  Handsets work well in general, but about 5% either broke due to drops with the hinge open or other hinge related issues in the first 6 months.  PTT sometimes does not work well - sound is muddy, so driver has to place a call instead which takes longer (this is probably an AT&T issue).  PTT address book sync on AT&T did not work well.  Some phones get the updated info, some do not.  No way to tell from their application & AT&T website the address book gets sent from is run by a third party, so finger pointing ensues.  Ruggedized handset is OK, but not as good as Nextel.  This handset has GPS, but it does not keep track of GPS satellites well (about 85-90% is all).  When we grab the coordinates of the handset to a web app we use, the data may show it as being hundreds to thousands of miles off from their actual location (the handset software doesn't do any error checking on GPS - I have an iPhone 3GS & it may lose GPS signal, but apparently it checks to be sure that its' data isn't way off from the last satellite "fix" so doesn't exhibit this anomaly).

Needed a tough dependable phone , Have owned many  Motorola phones ,  holds up on the job site it's a good phone but there are 3 problems 1st problem the hands free headphones for music and calls don't work. I bought 2 phone's they came with 2 headset's and  amazon's supplier sent 2 more headset's and I ordered 1more headset, so out of 5 headset's only 1 worked . So I called Motorola  they transferred and cut off my call's 5 times , promised to call back and didn't . I finally got through and they don't have any  headset's, and basically blew me off . So if you want the music player to work buy something else . Motorola  doesn't care about it's customers after they get the money, no point in calling them your call will be cut off by a rude guy in india.

Husband had one of these and the spring went out on it and wouldn't stay closed.  They no longer sell them in the store but he really loves this phone.  Glad we found it on Amazon.

I've had this phone for a while now.  I got it because I'm in the Army and I needed a good, tough, heavy duty, rugged phone that can handle some rough treatment.  It survived 130 degrees in the desert as well as rain and freezing temperatures here in the U.S.  It's not that I'm careless, but I have put this phone through torture and it still works like a charm.  It's not a smart phone. but I think I'm pretty smart to have it!  If you spend a lot of time in various weather and/or have butter fingers, this is the phone for you!  I thank Motorola for keeping me talking, texting, and surfing in the most horrible situations!

it has been a long wait until my tundra(s) arrived over here in Germany, but it was worth waiting!to be honest, I am the kind of guy who needs a phone to write mails, SMS and all kinds of long texts while I am underway.During the last 12 months I had several "typewriters" that were quite nice, including Nokia's E5, HTC Mozart, BlackBerry Bold and recently the Nokia E7, which is the best writing device, but what they all had in common was the fact (imo) that they all have poor speech and talking quality. Don't get me wrong, I love all of those phones, but when it comes to the simple phonecall, they all drop the ball. Bad voice quality, and even worse coverage and signal strengh.Since I like the "old" clamshell design (my second mobilde was the v.3690), I was always thinking about getting one of these again, just for old time sake but could't really decide.After having seen the "Tundra" on a few episodes of "NCIS" I got curious and gathered some information and yes, ordered one.and to be honest:***the Motorola va76r is by far the best mobile phone for making phone calls, talking and just speaking.The quality of sound is perfect, voices are cristal clear and I often forget that I am on my cellphone, since it sounds even better than my Siemens Gigaset cordless DECT Phone! (no kidding!)***a little con point on my list is just this one that it is nearly impossible to hold the phone between Your head and Your shoulder (e.g. while writing something down or grabbing something with both hands), but it's fine to me!another point is of course the very limited or lets say constrained ways of convenient writing.so what I decided to do is: I ordered an combi-SIM from T-Mobile (Germany), and know am carrying my Nokia E7 and my Motorola Tundra.At first it took some time getting used to it, but I consider it as one of the best ways to get the best of both worlds! :-)So my recommendation, if You don't need mobile internet or are dependend on a "typewriting" cellphone with a display as large as an iMac, if You are just looking for a plain and simple cellphone with an extraordinary voice quality, a phone that can even take a drop, a punch and other hardknocks, then grab one as long as they are still available.Definitely one of my best decisions when it comes to Cellphones....and Yes, it even works over here in Germany ;-)

I got the Motorola Tundra because of my fascination with the survivability of my possessions. I could make no sense in purchasing pricey phones that require extensive plans to function properly which are prone to breaking. I wanted to buy something that could weather Hurricane Katrina after dropping it off the top of hotel with the relative functionality of new-age phones. I got mixed results.This phone is in no way for the technologically savvy type of person. In the way of technology the Tundra sticks to the basics with Stone Age internet, a pixilated camera, slow texting, and no fun things you can do with it to pass the time. What it does promise is great reception resulting in very few dropped calls, above average battery life, and large buttons that are easily navigated even with a gloved hand. Where the Tundra's strength is just that, it's strength.The Tundra is unmistakably a working man's phone with its steel gray, hard plastics surrounded by the studded rubber exterior. I feel I have tested, intentionally and unintentionally, its durability to near maximum. From party tricks when I overhand threw it at a wall to accidentally filling its joints with sand to pouring water over it when it was closed the Tundra had confirmed time and time again its rugged boasts. This is not to say the Tundra will look brand new forever, but rather it will do its job even after much neglect and abuse. My only suggestion is to look up the difference between waterproof and water resistant because it is not the former.It is evident just by looking at it who this phone is for and who it is not for. If you are someone who is tired of dropped calls or bumping your phone the wrong way and shattering the screen then this phone is for you. If you enjoy reading emails, playing games, and having full blown conversations via text message then you really want to look for something else. If you come to the conclusion that it is right for you I can promise you will not regret toting around your cellular humvee.

I work in construction, with all the associated grit and grime......this Tundra takes the dirt and knocking about that comes with that. I work in some remote areas, where reception is not good with other cellphones, somehow, I can still draw a signal. Rugged and receptive, just what I need.

This is my 2nd Tundra, first one I broke off antenna. It still got reception just not in jungle. Works real good with Motorola  H -721 blutooth. A very worthwhile purchase

this was a sad review to post, because I really tried to use this phone, but when the screen goes out 4 times your a little mad. had this phone like 1 year ago, and the screen when turned the phone would work but 4 secs when the phone was on the screen would go completely out. i had this happened on all 4 until i got the iphone. stay away. it wont work for you

ok, this phone is durable, and everything works find EXCEPT there is a button on top of the phone that is suppose to be used to help set sound level when it is closed, this button does absolutely nothing. The way it is suppose to work is you use the 2 bottons on the side to change the sound from ring, viberate, silent etc etc, the press the top button to "set" the sound, but the top button is dead, does absolutely nothing, so I have flip open the phone to set the sound.

microphone quality in these is weak, have had three of them and had to give up on them and go with samsung rugged phone

it work great best phone I ever had if you want a perfect phone buy a Motorola tundra va76r great phone

Liked the reviews this phone received, I bought three of these phones from Amazon, one for me, the other two were for my mom and uncle. All three phones are having problem with different bluetooth headset, keep disconnect from the headset during the calls, not to mention the calls keep getting drop (I am sure it is not the carrier problem because once I switch the sim card to another phone the calls are fine).

So far, I love this phone!  It gets GREAT reception, the speaker phone is just as good as using the phone normally.  The call quality is great even in noisy enviornments...I work in a factory and my wife can actually hear me without me yelling into the phone, and what's better is that I can hear her, too!  Wait a minute, that's not always a good thing!  OOPS!  Hopefully she won't read this!  The camera is not as bad as some of these other reviews say, at least I'm happy with it.  your opinion may vary.  I do miss the QWERTY keyboard, but at least this phone works and no more butt dialing!  All the AT&T listings in the address book are a pain, but you do learn to get used to working around them.

Battery charge poor, does not hold charge. Goes down after only making one or two calls in a 12 hour period.

I am a Computer Science major. I have had touch phones since their inception. I have as a backup phone: a Google Nexus running Android OS, an iPhone, and a Blackberry torch. What you don't get with these phones is any sense of security. You can't drop them, you can't use them in the rain, you can't put something heavy on them, you can't thrown them to your friend, you can't use them in any non-luxurious environment. The tough-man phones from Motorola (and others) are not perfect, but this is still pretty damn good. 3G speeds, GPS. When they make a 4G version I will buy another one. Thank you Motorola Engineers.

My husband didn't think he could get this type of phone again. Rugged and fits the use for a man.

Great phone!  It is very rugged, holds up to anything. This phone does not contain all the bells and whistles of some, but if you are looking for a phone that will last this is the one.

Excellent sound quality, very good companion in situations camping or off road, however it is not waterproof, do not try to submerge, even a glass of water because the phone will be ruined forever, which is what a I spend my most stupid and ridiculous way and may exist, which certainly will not detail.Anyway all good until I got the idea of soaking it in a glass of water,,,,, result: Bye phone.Before this all very well.

this is a great phone, better signal than any other made. too bad they are discontinued:( would continue buying them but tired of getting raped at checkout. so unfortunately this will be last one

This phone is a standard in the military, not smart, but sturdy.  It does what it is designed to do.

My only gripe is that the phone isn't new.  It looks good (no scratches, etc.) but it arrived full of the previous owner's music and Christmas pictures.  Also, while the manual advises using only Motorola brand batteries, the battery wasn't a Motorola.  This worries me because I have had very bad luck with aftermarket cell phone batteries.That said, I realy like this phone.  Having had quite enough of cell phones that are the size of my thumb, I was relieved to find that it has some "heft" and the keys are easy to use. The rubbery case won't let it fall out of my pocket.  Voice quality is the best I have ever heard.  I wasn't expecting the loudspeaker to be so good. You can just lay it on your desk and play music while you work. Don't laugh - you really can!

I just experienced the infamous hinge problem today and have to ship the unit out for repair.  What a hassle.  I have only had it for three months.  I don't abuse it, but the hinge started clicking, and that means it's about to fail.I use T-Mobile and it works fine.One annoyance are the stupid AT&T; numbers that are programmed into the phone.  You can't delete them.UPDATE:  12/10/12:  The hinge broke AGAIN with normal use!UPDATE: 12/18/12:  I received the phone back from them.  They fixed it.  They also reset the phone. I understand that's part of the process, but it's stupid.  Even worse, they removed my plastic screen protectors and replaced them with the large ones that the phone ships with, so I have to re-buy them.  I'm not pleased.UPDATE: 2/10/13.  I accidentally dropped the phone from 3 feet onto the kitchen floor.  Now the display is dead.  Some "tough" phone!UPDATE: 2/20/13:  I received it back today.  Of course they needlessly reset the phone.  Now I have to get all of the settings back.  Worse, these idiots removed the screen protectors that I had just installed.  I will be filing a complaint against them with the Texas consumer affairs department.

I bought this phone for my husband.  He owns his own trucking company and he must have a phone that is indestructable and always working!!!  He loves it-highly recommend!!!

We are still getting used to this phone, but so far so good.  It is a great &#34;man&#34; phone - easy to handle and has good volume for hearing and ring tones.  Husband works in noisy environment and can hear this phone ring unlike his old one. For him it is great because he needs a phone for basic phone calls and few texts.

Finally after searching and having to settle for whatever was available from my carrier, a phone that actually does what I need. It has a clear speaker, great reception and I no longer drop calls. If you are looking for a phone that does what a phone is supposed to do (make and receive calls) then you can't go wrong with this one! I am kind of rough on phones because of my job, and this one is one tough phone! I have heard complaints from others about the antenna that sticks out of the top about 3/4 of an inch, but it seems like it is a small thing to get the reception and clarity most of us want from our phones. I had no trouble getting my carrier to switch my SIM card over and activate this phone. Took less than 5 minutes. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a phone to talk on and does not need all the bells and whistles on the newer phones.

My husband had an older model that he really liked for several years.  When it came time to replace it, he thought he would try this model.  The model appears to have several inherent problems:  (1) Can't turn off the vibration alert unless you remove the battery; (2) Battery drains very quickly; (3) Streamer connectivity to his hearing aids was spotty at best.What I really want to emphasize is that this seller was great.  They quickly replaced the first cell phone we received and when the second had the same problems, quickly refunded our purchase price upon return of the phone.  The customer service was very responsive.  They quickly provided return instructions and pre-paid postage along with very quick email responses.Although the phone was problematic, the seller's customer service was great.

Had it for 25 months.  Used the phone at least a couple of hrs everyday.  Dropped it 5-6 times, I felt the pain, not the phone.Buttons still good after 25 months.  My favourite; voice quality - absolute charm, especially the speaker phone, sounds like one of those polycom phones in conf rooms.  None of the phones I have heard, especially the smartphones have this quality.  Signal picking; Latest smart phones no match for this.  I could pick signals in yosemite, where other phones would even show up a single bar.  I bought it hearing that it was a military phone.  True to the word, it is.  I miss it though, since my wife wanted a smartphone and we had to upgrade to one.  Crystal clear and big numbers on keypad, and also on display.  Can see the caller without opening the phone.  Trust me the battery still charges like it was when new, no kidding.  I still have this phone unlocked and will use it when need arises.U should buy this if your objective is just talking and NOTHING else, no texting, internet, calendar, fancy ringtones and all the teenager crazy stuff.  It's practically useless for any other purpose apart from talking.  Suitable for those who want to use ONLY FOR TALKING and use it roughly.  It is bulky, but elegant and I didn't feel the bulk any more than the new smartphone I have now.Just to let you know, I had a motorola about 10 years back too, my first phone, used it for a solid 4 years and had to upgrade since I didn't want to buy a battery, but that phone was a charm too.  Sad that motorola completely washed away in mobile phones, probably their heart didn't lie in making stupid and lousy plastic, cheap ass phones.  Miss them.Solid five stars.

This is my second Tundra and, although it is not a &#34;smartphone&#34; is is the most dependable phone I have ever owned. I use it in canoes, kayaks and on the trail where its ruggedness is invaluable.

This was a WONDERFUL QUALITY PHONE!  They are VERY hard to find last I knew.  I think Motorola made some of the finest cell phones out there.  VERY much wish they still made this model and more like it.

My son purchased this phone and his review is as quoted:"I liked this phone to begin with, but if you need something that's REALLY durable, I don't advise this phone... Labeled water resistant but as a dishwasher in a restaurant at the time I sat it away from me but just a couple drops got on the screen and then problems started happening quickly. Hinge slowly worked it's way loose and never stayed fully shut so it could open and shut itself on incoming calls, cable strips in the hinge for the camera came loose and the camera only worked when i opened at an exact angle while closing the flip; camera didn't even work when it was closed. Loud speaker and ear speaker went out few months afterwards do to high moisture in the air and the broken hinge.. Works great and is very dependable for the first month and then after that it all depends on how YOU take care of it.Hope this review helps you with your decisions, I'm not aiming to steer you away from choosing this phone but this was MY experience with the Motorola Tundra. Samsung Rugby and Rugby Smart are the two top quality phones when looking for something military grade durability."

I live in an area where Alltel was purchased by At & T and we had to convert to a new cell phone system.  I have always been used to Motorola products and have a familiarity with their software.  I am in construction and for years used a Motorola E815 (incredible phone) but could no longer use it as it wouldn't accomodate a SIM card.  Our local AT & T facility didn't handle the Motorola Tundra or the Sanyo Tahoe so I purchased a Samsung Rugby.  This was not a good phone for me.  Not a user friendly phone, couldn't hear and many of the programming functions are controlled by two push buttons on the side of the phone . . .every time I would answer the phone, I'd change some or several programming functions.  Dropped the phone alot . . .it was plenty tough enough but overall, I was very disappointed and frustrated.  I read the reviews on the Tundra and mostly it was equal to or better than the Samsung Rugby with the major complaint being that the flip hinge fails alot.  I purchased one from Advantage Wireless off of Amazon.com.  I had a few minor problems with the phone . . .I emailed Advantage Wireless and they immediately sent me a new phone and a prepaid label to return the other phone (excellent service).  For me, the Tundra is a much, much better and user friendly phone.  It is thicker and a little heavier than the Rugby, but I like that.  The programming features are much easier (due to my familiarity to Motorola Software?)  The reception is excellent, you can hear much better on this phone than the Rugby.  It's much easier to plug into a charger (from the bottom instead of the side).  Some have complained about the small antenna but it's perfect for me as the phone fits very securely in my belt holster and I use the antenna to get the phone out.  This phone also texts much easier than the Rugby.  I've dropped it hard several times and it's tough. If you like Motorola products and need a military issue phone for simplicity, toughness, long battery life and good reception . . .this may be the phone for you.

If you are looking for a tough phone with great reception, this is your model!  I bought a 'droid at the same time my husband purchased this phone and contracted with the same company, and this Tundra has 5 bars when my phone only has one!  Getting used to the non-touch features (again) feels a little like stepping back in time, but  is worth it if you seek durability and reception above bells and whistles.

this phone is good for what it is known best--reception!  compared to the razr flip phone, the tundra has 5 reception bars to 3 bars for the razr.

I have had two.  The second one just broke at 18 months.  The first one broke after 12 months.  The repair shop said that the mother board was broken, so it was not possible to fix it.  Internal parts fail, causing the phone to stop working.  It claims to be a more durable phone.  The problem is that it has Chinese quality problems.

Pros: good voice quality and speaker phone, esp compared to my old Motorola V3m RAZR it replacedCons: limited water resistanceI obtained my phone from my wireless carrier as an free upgrade from an old RAZR. I wanted to find a phone that could handle being caught in a rainstorm or at least an amusement park water ride, but didn't want to spend the big bucks for a SONIM phone.Compared to the old RAZR, the voice quality, both with and without the speakerpohone function, was far better than the old RAZR.Per Motorola, this phone was supposed to be water resistant. To that end, the USB charging port, battery cover, keypad, and external buttons are all sealed. However, as I learned to my chagrin when water splashed onto the phone, the upper half of the phone where the output speaker and speakerphone microphone are located, as well as the exterior and interior display screens, are definitely NOT water resistant. It took 3 days in a plastic bag with dried rice (as a desiccant) sitting inside a sunny window in order to get rid of the moisture from the displays. Fortunately, the phone appears none the worse.In looking at some Motorola discussion boards  [...]it would appear that Motorola is aware of this.Since Motorola no longer makes this phone (does not list it among the phones you can buy, per their website), I am wondering if this was one factor in their decision.This weakness is the only complaint/disappointment I have for this phone (and I don't mind the size or weight).

These came as advertised. all I had to do was move the SIMMS card.  ORdered two so I have an extra,.

Rated the best flip-type cell of the last decade...rugged durable dependable...Need pore of these on the market for sale to the puvblic

My item has not arrived yet. It is long over due. Can sombody tell me what is happening? If I can't get the item I bought then please return my money.

I took a used one... which was used, literally...Just dropped it few times... after a while it got some lines/dots on the screen...I just would pay not even half for a used phone like this... A new might have been fun for no more than $170

Great Phone!!! A good rugged phone without all the bells and whistles. If you want a phone that can take a beating this is the phone for you...

I chose a 5 star rating for two reasons.1)  It was a BRAND NEW in the original box Tundra, not a refurb or used.Yet it was only $5 over the closest price, which was a used phone.2)  It was shipped as a USPS three day priority mail.  I got it BEFORE the rest of my Amazon order!Kudos to the seller!!  We are VERY happy with our choice!

I am being nice and giving this phone a three star rating, because most of the phones in this category are not as good as the old Sprint construction phone. The flip cover gets loose and makes the phone worthless. Has about a one year life. Camera is as lousy as it gets. Other than that, the phone has good ergonomics, and can take a ten foot drop.

The phone was defective, could barely hear whom you were talking to.  Service was slow to get the info needed to send the phone back and get a refund, which still has not happened.  I have had the same phone and I love the phone, I just need one that works.

hinges are too fragile for the use and money lousy reception, this is not mine but girlfriends dropped calls with this also would not buy this again
