
Terrible! Trouble and not working at all now!!!! It was slow and froze all the time. I would appreciate a full refund of my money. I spent over $300. On the phone and accessories!!!

do not order for this product, they will send you crappy tablet instead. i had to return this, and reorder, they again sent me a tablet.wasting my time!

I purchased a Dell Streak 5 unlocked and to my surprise it would only work on EDGE for t-mobile. It also has MANY bugs and inferior hardware...the camera is horrible!!I have since sent the device back.I would not suggest this device, BIGGER is not always better!

I too would like to extend my congratulations to the designers of this phone/tab. It is a bit big for a phone but it is a device which you can depend on whilst on your feet. I have a background of blackberries, HTCs, ipads and the rest of them and I find this gadget as quite reliable for my business needs. Even the kids love its size and prefer its portability to the ipad. In a 5 inch screen you can edit documents, read books, surf the net (normal sites not only mobile sites, work on your email folders, and watch the world on youtube....

The hardware is moderately crappy, the design and usability left much to be desired. The screen is not as good as the iPhone one by a long shot. Leaving aside all the Android issues, it's a Dell and that says all you ever need to know.Before you spend the money, ask yourself if your want to spend countless hours of your time dealing with Dell "support". Their Indian call centers are staffed with highly-qualified professionals who will guarantee plenty of hair-pulling. Your Streak will likely arrived locked to ATT, if it's ever needs to be replaced (mine needed that twice in 1 year), the replacements will also be locked.  So it goes. It's a Dell.

Was not as clear as I thought it was going to be.. If I would have known I would have just got the Kindle Fire XD for the same price. an a better look

very old , this devices is not unlock factory. I'm not happy!!! I'm not happy . I m not happy for this porches  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111

Dell Android Tablet Smartphone has meet my needs for work and personel use I don't understand Dell not putting it out on the market a great buy

Great phone, would have given it a 5 star,,if it was a bit more lighter in weight.....no regrets.... it is giving the Iphone and samsung competition

We love this device...so far it's working very well and we connected it to a Net10 prepaid network.....the internet, works great ..and it's fast.  I like it so much that I will be ordering another for myself tomorrow!

The charger of this junk is always in trouble, does not work at all. Touch is faulty and sometime hangs. Never really worked this phone. Dell should quit this business!

This phone to me is the worst phone i have ever used, i three of this phone in two weeks, i first bought the Dell venue which i noticed cannot work without sd card, when i make a call nobody hears my voice only when someone calls me that they can hear my voice, so i resorted to using bluetooth without which i cannot make a call. I requested to change it and but Dell streak, i bought it being that the condition stated new and should include all the accessories only for me to open it and lo it was used with no single accessory, has 0% battery life, i plugged it to power source to see if it will charge, for one hour the battery life still remains 0%. i returned the phone same day i received it, and requested to have it changed, amazon suggested a different buyer i did bought the phone it was shipped under one day delivery as amazon waived the fee for me. When i received the phone the following day, i opened it and it was same thing as the previous buyer, no accessories but has like 60% battery life, i complained to amazon and they ask me to return it and even refunded the money, i took the phone home with hope if it remains good i will forget about the accessories, but to my disappointment, it was same thing as Dell Venue and even worst, phone cannot function without SD card, i make call nobody hears me. My little advice to buyers is before buying read my post and if you can handle this, (should it occur to you) then go ahead, if not dont waste your money on Dell phone, they need more work on their phone before selling it to consumers.

I served  what it was made for,  have a small  3  G  phone , I love  it. it made  what it was made for

I love my new cell phone!!! I saw this phone from a co-worker. She said that the only problem that she had with it is the back panel will not stay on! I took the plunge and bought it anyway. But I realized after purchasing mine, that she was not putting it on correctly. That was my only reservation about the phone, but with that gone it is just perfect! I love reading books, watching movies, always being connected to my social network and the works with this phone!!! A great buy and gets the full 5 star treatment from me!

I am too much in tech and i wanted the phone which looks big and yet slim and fit in my pocket. It serves the purpose. I needed phone which could deliver very good speed with apps, games including high resolution games from gameloft and ubisoft. It serves the purpose. Only drawback i felt was android 2.2 which is official in US. If dell can consider upgrading it, it can be a boom in market. I don't know how the dell 5 users think, but this is it from me. Enjoy the Dell 5!!!

This product is fabulous. It has got everything I wanted .It is the ultimate machine to have. I highly recommend this product.

HAd a dell streak that i love, love, loved.....and then.. i dropped it, broken. this replacement was delivered quickly , original packaging. but GPS was glitchy, and phone also did not function right. sadly , had to return it. dell isn't making these any more , so i went to the only available ( similar size, functions etc..) option-- the galaxy note.  If i get a little extra dough aside though i may put it toward the (pricey) fixing of my streak- as a back up..

Mass Deception, did not the micro sd 16, the phone is worth what you're paying ..poor performance of the screen ..the 2nd day of using it I got into the front pocket of my pants and inexplicably departed the screen to pieces, note that I have 2 years a htc one x always use it in the same pocket and I've never had any problems, bone away with two days of use, piece of crap, DO NOT BUY, PLEASE

Mine didn't include free hands. Charger seems to be generic and not Dell as expected. Also, didn't include any manual (Not necessary) but as new product this wasn't what I expect.

Pros:  high speed tweaking, control wireless, gps, and online freeware apps to directly download.  3G networks and high speed internet access.  Superior phone interface in simple and effective operation.Cons: it is big and you should use it with a gel case or hard shell protective case.Bottom Line:  I see whiners on here complaining about the cell phone's back.... if you use a gel soft case for $5 or a hard case box- you won't have any issues and since if you drop this phone or a samsung note series phone- you will incur damage from gravity.  Yet- another reason to buy a $5 gel protective cover  or hard case- common sense here people- common sense.I find my phone at 80% off the original price - on it and support products...  This is an outstanding product - save your money and get it instead of a $600 contract phone.  It is just as fast- without the cost.  I have used other phones- but for the value and savings this is your best bet.

is is the slowest tablet..it has very small RAM 512 MB and when you buy this you will be nevrous from this tablet.. I am angry i dont like it it is very bed!

I like the phone, battery wears off quickly though. Otherwise it is a great phone for the price I got it for. It quite an experience, especially the kindle app, the screen size makes it enjoyable to read kindle books. So happy with my purchase.

I like my phone, but I have a few issues...The volume is very low when I'm talking on the phone but the media sound is perfect. Currently, my carrier is simple mobile which runs on tmobile network and voice and texting, mms is great but the data speed is too slooow ( edge) now that I learned a little bit more,I'm switching to straight talk which runs on AT&T; and according to what I have read, with att network, the speed will be faster(3G)because of the phone frequencies compatible with AT&T.; I will be updating when I switch to straight talk.Update 9/26/12I switched to Straight Talk and the phone works nice. Data is faster than before. It works on H. I'm very happy with the change.What I forgot to mention before was that when I bought the phone, the screen froze and I learned that you have to calibrate  and problem solved!Update 6/30/13I had an other issue with this phone. It did not let me access my contacts for a while, I got the message (android.process.acore) every time I wanted to access my contacts. This is my solution: I did a factory reset. I lost all of my contacts but previously I email them to my self. Fortunately I did not loose my pictures. I lost apps that I bought, but I took a picture of my apps so I could retrieve them after the factory reset. I got my apps back. It takes patience but it worked for me. I also left the auto synk off before signing in with my google account (advice I got online) when I retrieved Nimbuzz app, it gave me the message again, but immediately I removed it and the message never came back.

do not purchase. It broke when I took off the screen protector packaging. the circuit board ripped off and the back and home key no longer worked.

Since i bought it, it never works. that is very bad. buy it at your own risk. check it before you buy. thank you.

First of all : this is not a phone with 16 gb internal memory. It has only 1.5 gb memory in it. when i stated to use with sd card , the device is not recognizing the micro sd card. It wil show preparing the card for 10 mins and its getting stuck..so at last  I changed the firmware and updated with a custom ROM longhorn 2.9.3 final and now every features are working. camera as okay and just keep in mind that Dell discontinued the Streak 5 on as of August 15, 2011.So don't expect any kind of warranty. use it at  your own risk.

the best tablet and phone in one.handy very light and can put in my uniform pocket.i can check my email right away.thanks..you make me amaze and WOW...

was not worth the purchase plan; it has no more features then an android phone, and for a 3G it moves rather slow

Slow and dont have update of android sistem only 2.2 and dont have anymore and never dell never care about those smartphone

Excellent phone. Very pleased with the look, size and how it works

The software can not be upgraded to latest software and installed software is really not cool and really slow.lot of other things need upgrade as well

This is a really good device and the company had it sent on time. However, their was a scratch on the phones body which was a little disappointing. All in all the device works great.

I was looking forward to test this cell phone and I was hoping to try it out. After charging the device I made several attempts to turn it on. I booted correctly about two times. I spent an entire day removing the battery to rest and then inserting the battery, closing the back lid over and over. The phone will not turn off unless the lid cover is on otherwise it hibernates. I have two degrees in IT so imagine my frustration when I finally had to say hell this is the most worthless piece of equipment that I have ever come across. I tested phones for my phone company for more than nine years, and I have never seen an outcome so undesirable. How this product ever made it to this level of is rather astounding. One would think when Dell decided to offer a cell phone that it would be amazing.  This is sad..so sad.

returning 3rd S-5 for battery wont charge and not windows compatable wont link to pc.. 3rd replacement pending i month wait

This perfume is a good, I like it because it smel good

There not what u think they are u said 16g memory but I didn't get anything but just 1.6g of memory there cheaters

GPS works a few seconds then the phone reboots. Several factory reset.Turned off The GPS.Suppose to come with 16GB SD card, but not delivered.Other than that OK.

I ordered dell streak 5 unlocked android but the item it came no head phone and no 16 g memory card like in the description so it did not respect the description for me .

HORRIBLE!!! I received the product it wouldn't charge. I had to go out and spend MORE MONEY on another gadget to charge up the battery, then when it finally charges the phone starts up & stays with the DELL LOGO!! Wouldn't purchase this or anything else from this merchant! Only good was the time in which I received the product everything else was a headache.

I have the Dell Streak 5 rooted with the Olleh Rom which is Android 2.3.3. (Google: xda developer dell streak 5 olleh for 'destructions') I also have Backtrack 5 a Linux Penetration Testing Distribution  running on it as well.Now if only my Otterbox would get out of Cambodian Customs where it has sat since 17 February!OtterBox Impact Series Case for Dell StreakCould do with some sort of bluetooth keyboard as well when using Backtrack.I love this device!I will note that though it has phone capability I prefer to use it only for data. I use my old Nokia E63 as a phone also in an Otterbox case. It kind of looks funny up against the side of your face.Nokia E63 Smartphone 002P1V9OtterBox Commuter Case for Nokia E63

The phone worked a month and then it got slow, turn it off and turned on and then stopped working, gets stuck in the DELL logo. As I read and read on the Internet, say it is a problem of internal memory, nothing to do.

The Dell Streak Mini 5 Is a Great Smartphone To Have.  I Haven't Had No Trouble With It At All And I Like It.

I just love it!Yes, it has a huge screen. That's going to make the device itself huge.Impact damage. The Dell Streak is very susceptible to side impact damage. So get a good case for it like theOtterBox Commuter Case - Case for smartphone - silicone, polycarbonate - black - Dell Streak. Due to it's screen's tough Gorilla Glass, there is no need for a clear plastic screen protector film.

Pros: large 5-inch display, crystal clear screen, GPS is very good and accurate, strong speaker sound, two cameras both front and back, android multitasking, dubbed as a USB storage device, tons of android apps to play withCons: large 5-inch display (I am not complaining, but my S.O. thinks it's too big to carry as a cellphone), the USB cable is a proprietary one and quite pricey if you want an extra one from Dell.The 5-inch screen is big, or is it really? It works perfectly for me and a large screen has much better user experience when you try to do something on it, like creating some office documents on the go. Not to mention a 5-inch screen is much better for web surfing and watching videos and pictures. I have used the streak for about a month and really enjoy it. No need to carry MP3 player, GPS, digital camera, daily planner etc, it's all in one now. Technology is a wonderful thing!

Bought it new, used with care, but after only 2 months it went on the fritz. Would no longer accept a charge. Too late to return it to Amazon, and shipping charges plus Dell repair costs would come to more than what I paid for the phone.

Just got this phone today and am so pleased.  I'm in my golden years and it was easy even for me to set up.  Love the tutorials and self help gadgets.  The 5&#34; screen is amazing, color good sound excellent.  What else can I say.  I just put the battery in, charged it up, (which only took and hour), put in the sim card and sd card and all my infor transfered with no prob.  IT'S ALL THAT FOLKS.  :)

this product has the potency of messing you up. the screen freezes frequently. The picture quality is good but the functions are not user-friendly.

I read the reviews as I always do; and I read more positive than negative reviews on this particular product. With this said, my only negative reaction to my purchase is the seller did not send me a brand new item; this alone should have been my first clue, a re-sealed box? So my affair began with no 16GB card that was not inside the phone as stated on the box. After I had it activated a week ago give or take a day; my battery did not want to hold a charge. Called Amazon and they jumped right on it, BAM! it was here in two to three days. However, after giving it a full charge I noticed that my sporadic usage seem to drain the battery more than expected. So I charged it up completely left it on over night; it was asleep of course; but my point is that the standby time should not have made a dent in my battery being that it was brand new and all. Next day the battery level was down to less than 30% Charged it again with the same problem. Now don't get me wrong this phone is the Maserati of phones. In terms of its capabilities: picture quality 5 Voice control 5 Apps for days 5 WiFi 3 it kept doing what it wanted to when I didn't; a bit like having a girlfriend who won't meet you half way. All in all I hate having to return it; but if there was an emergency and I was out in LaLa land; I would a fare if my phone died when I really needed it. Nonetheless. Amazon is totally being understandable about my dilemma and helping me with a refund so I can buy me an American made phone which is going to be Motorola G or X. Which will pretty much do everything the Streak will do, only with a dependable nature. So what, Dell is an American who outsources all of his work from manufacturing to sales and technical support. Bad, bad, bad! But hey I bought into it. Like Robert said &#34; Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Naahhhh Nobody's fault but mine&#34; P.S. Thanks Amazon good lookin out!! Their the only people that brought me through all of this; which is why I will continue to shop with them. Aja

although customer sevice was great,, the phone its self was garbage. Unable to do updates because the phone kept shutting off. not much in the market for this phone either.

Dell Streak 5 Unlocked Android Tablet Smartphone (16GB, GSM, WiFi + 3G, Bluetooth)Having introduced to Android world thru Coby Kyros, I found the Dell Streak 5 to be a masterpiece and for sure as others have mentioned this phone lacked marketing. The biggest advantage for me using this phone is the 5 inches screen because anothing more than this would hurt my hand during prolonged use and anything lesser than this wouldn't give such a great feel; The moment I opened the package I was literally surprised by its awesome looks and edges, setup was very much easy and interacting with the smartphone was like slipping a splinter into cheese! The features it carried along was so good right from wifi connectivity, bluetooth and so on; This phone was able to pickup wifi signals even far off (thou argueably the router also is a consideration); It has got very decent, good and worthy apps as part of its bundle right from quickoffice which was a great plus; thou its a little bigger to use it as a conventional phone a bluetooth enabled headset would always compensate when paired! I dont use 3G but there is one thing that's worth mentioning if you are planning to use only wifi; AT&T; automatically recognised iPhone and made the data option compulsory but when i used the same SIM with this smartphone (with WIFI only and disabling the carrier data services) they haven't forced any such data plans for the past 4-5 months; From my point of view there is only one thing that needs a little improvement, the speakers; Overall this is worth the money and it has become a part of everything that's in my schedule!

Love love love it! It has a big 5" screen but the phone is very thin. It fits nicely in my front pocket. The touch screen is beautiful and very responsive, which is really impressive. I owned an iPhone (I still own it) but I always wanted an Android device. Have tried Sony Xperia before and it's a disaster. All the issues I had with Xperia like lagging and unresponsive screen etc are nowhere to be found on Streak. Everything is smooth. The SWYPE keyboard is a genius! GPS is very accurate even without the data connection. I can use the Streak as an external USB device to copy and move files (not only on PC, but works on Mac too). Wi-Fi tethering is a breeze! I am seriously impressed by the built-in quality of Streak. But I do think Dell did a poor job to promote this phone. All we heard on Android is from HTC, Moto, Samsung etc but I am glad I chose the Streak.

Bad cell phone  the software is very old and never has update , the saller said is momary 16 G  but is not true , it doesn't has any thing but you have to buy momary card , and it doesn't have any thing only the charger' no book has any information about it or how can you used

it doesnt come with 16gb, first I had to use the memory card before taking Picture and battery doesnt last long.

GOT MY PHONE ON 06/23/14 .COULDNT WAIT TO GET THE BOX OPENED i LOVE THIS PHONE. HAVENT HAD ANY PROBLEM GETTING STUCK OR ACTING SLOW.ALTHOUGH IT  HAS A METAL BACK WHERE THE BATTERY GOES AND IF YOU DONT HAVE THE BACKING ON RIGHT THE PHONE WILL NOT POWER ON . OTHER THEN THAT ITS A READY GOOD PHONE. AND I LOVE IT.  DELL NEED TO PROMOTE THIS PHONE MORE.

looking good but missing above items please check before ordinghave to check about functions and performance.First look  is good

I've been using my Streak for about 6 months, and on the whole I'm happy with it.  At first, I had the problem others mentioned regarding the battery cover popping off.  This powers the phone off, and thus is a serious problem.  Since I had a skin on it, I just put some tape over the cover, and it's been fine ever since.  Low tech, simple solution.One reason I bought this was to replace a broken e-reader.  The large screen works well for reading and browsing the net.  I've never had any serious problem with the phone, and the sound quality is acceptable.  With moderate use, I can go about 1.5 to 2 days before charging, though I rarely use the internet on it.The only area I find it truly lacking in is the camera.  It works, but the quality leaves much to be desired.  If that is important, might want to look at a Note or something similar.  otherwise, the strak is fineUpdate: I used it for about 9 months with no issue.  One day, it started rebooting, and wouldn't stop.  The sho where I bought it referred me to Dell.  Dell deserves its reputation for poor customer service.  I was told that they do not make phones.  I was told that the warranty had expired about 8 months before I bought the phone.  I was told a lot of things, but nothing that would qualify as useful.  After a few months, I bought a Samsung and haven't looked back.I'd recommend not buying this.  I would accept it as a gift, but wouldn't get too attached to it

I bought the unlocked version of the Dell Streak 5 with great anticipation. I expected that it would become my go-to e-reader and serve as a truly portable web access device. Despite the great strengths of the unit, I wound up having the strangest experience I've had with a piece of electronic equipment in 30 years. The problem was very simple: I couldn't keep the back cover (over the battery compartment) attached! It was impossible to attach the back cover securely enough to get it to stay on permanently. It might stay on for 10 minutes, or an hour, or more, but eventually it would fall off, causing the unit to power off while in the middle of a task. You can easily imagine how annoying this was.I eventually went online, looking for answers to this problem. What I found was that so many other people had experienced the same problem, there were forums discussing this issue. There was even a Dell tutorial on You Tube showing how to properly secure the back cover. The problem was, it didn't help.When I reported this to Dell, they were very helpful and promptly sent me a new unit. Even though I had a similar problem with the new unit, eventually I was able to secure it in place. Now that that issue has been resolved (at least for now), there is much to like about the unit. Dell, I believe, found the sweet spot between portability and viewability. It is a fine e-reader and web tool. If not for the back cover issue, I would give it 4 stars. It surprises me that Dell hasn't done more to promote this product!

This is a great product, thank you. I will recomend to buy it, great tool for everything. Just love it.
