
I MUST ADMIT THIS PHONE IS NOT THE TOP OF THE LINE BUT FOR THE PRICE ITS WORTH THE MONEY,IT PERFORMS VERY WELL, SOUND IS CLEAR AS WELL AS THE  3G RECEPTION... I HAVE UPDATED THE SOFTWARE TO SYMBIAN ANNA AND PERFORMANCE INCREASED TREMENDOUSLY... QWERTY KEYBOARD STILL NEEDS SOME REFINEMENT COMPARED TO ANDROID AND IOS ONES ... BUT STILL GOOD ENOUGH FOR COMFORTABLE TYPING ... SCREEN LOOKS CRISP REGARDLESS OF THE LOW RESOLUTION ... APPS DON'T MATCH THE APPLE APP STORE BUT WHO CARES... ALL THE BASIC AND MOST IMPORTANT FEATURES ARE AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD SO I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS... AND WE ALL KNOW  MAJORITY OF APPS FOR IPHONES ARE JUST GARBAGE  :P

Excellent phone was everything I expected and described in the publication of the manufacturer, easy to use presence and elegance characteristic of NOKIA nothing to envy to blackberry good price

I work for property managerment company. Frome time to time, I need to present the evidence in court before the judge. this phone allowed me display pictures, video clips, and even text message on the TV set withe the cable. It is too bad the 3.2" screen is too small for watchin Youtube and typing is difficult. The camera does not has the time stamps (showing the date and time, most new phones do not have this function any more, soft/firm wear problem), I could not print out text messages logs with the time stamps either. There is no multi-language key-in function either which iPhone does. Over all this a great phone, better than iPhone (You could not display pictures, video clips, Youtube on TV).I hope next time when I updat firm wear from Nokia, they will improve the camera function with the time stamp.

Excelent todo lleg&oacute; muy bien no hubo ning&uacute;n problema, los productos llenaron mis espectativas&iquest; Estoy satisfecho con la compra que realice

The mobile is good by its size, price and applications.Battery is not good enough to provide back up more than 2 days, when kept in power saving mode.GPS is good enough like other dedicated GPS, but consumes large battery power.Video chat applications like skype/yahoo messanger does not work i hope. Text/voice chat works fine.Duel mode (GSM to 3G switching) has some bug; when battery power goes low you won't receive any call until you restart it.I won't suggest to buy this phone, where as many android phones are available in cheap.

I am Buying the nokia C6-01, because i want to use it as a WIFI Hotspot for my Android 4.0.3 Alpha 2 HP TouchPad (DroidPad), such tablet PC doesn't have 3g or 4g capability, so a SmartPhone tethering is a smart soluction. I don't want to spend too much for a phone that has the same capabilties of my tablet PC. I think the price of this phone is great, (even though it doesn't have a 4G capability), maps and symbian applications are a Bonus, and could help me while i am not carying my Tablet.

Really like this phone.Have had all the other types,windows,they want to hang up,android and iphone if you want to look at apps all day.The nokias are good solid phones,they do anything the others do,they have lots of apps too.I think they hold up to their specs really good.The c6-o1 was no exception,it is performing good with no problems.Ihave had symbian os in the past so kind of knew what to expect in performance .screen is clear,can see pretty good in sunlight,body feels solid,battery life is good.Iam a heavy data user,so I don't expect two days from one charge.Ports are on bottom of phone as is earphone jack,it will charge thru usb or a pin jack which nokia likes.Touch screen works good,and has good loud ring volume,really cuts through loud work areas.good phone.Ovi maps work nice with or without network connections because of gps on phone,all you have to do is preload your country while your in network service.3g works good also.

I think that this is a great camera with phone capabilities. But for a person that needs to send mass amounts of email and text messages on the go, you will probably hate/dislike this phone. If you are used to using a QWERTY-keyboard, dont bother with this phone, it will probably annoy you within the first 5 minutes of use. It's just not great from texting or emailing. But if you prefer making phone calls, and you only need to read your email, and are moving up from a flip phone, then you will like this. Its just too retro for me.

This is an awesome little phone. It feels and looks very high class. I love it! I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant and haven't looked back yet. I have had a few problems with it restarting when memory gets bogged down. I also want to mention that this DOES HAVE A FRONT FACING CAMERA. I wanted to put that in the review because I didn't even notice it in the description when I was considering making a purchase. I found out about it after getting the phone and seeing a little pinhole above the screen to the right. I got curious and downloaded a mirror app from the OVI store. It worked! In the description it says "(secondary camera for video calls on compatible networks; VGA)" but that doesn't really stand out amongst everything else when your reading. The FFC is not high quality or anything but its pretty cool for the price of the phone. I'm pretty sure you can download Fring! from the OVI store and make video calls but I haven't had anyone to try it out with yet.

If I could rate this phone based on performance compared to my expectations, I'd give it five and a half stars.  Let's get the "needs improvement" out of the way:* CPU is a little slow.  In power-saving mode, when multitasking, one application jitters for a fraction of a second while another application does its thing.  For example, when listening to streaming audio while surfing the Web, page loads cause the music player to cut out briefly.* There are some user interface quirks:** The display stays on during a call if you lay the phone face-up on a surface.** When using the on-screen keypad while in a call (for example, when going through automated phone menus), there's a "call" button but no "hangup" button.  To hangup, you have to select "Back" to get to the main call screen first.** Some applications seem to prefer the last network I used them on even if it's no longer available.  It would be nice if the phone just selected Wifi first, carrier next, and then other.** Using the GPS while downloading satellite maps over AT&T; drains the battery quickly.** The phone is definitely on the small side.  Good for slipping into pockets, not so good for watching videos, reading lots of text in web pages or trying to tap on tiny links with my fingertips.** It would be nice if the shell supported more gestures than simply swipe-left and swipe-right.  For example, on Nokias with D-pads, pressing Down brings up the address book.  On this phone, doing a swipe-down would be easier for me than trying to tap on the small address book icon.There are some other minor little usability issues but nothing I didn't get used to in short order.Now for the good: this is an amazing little phone, and more amazing when you consider how inexpensive it is.  First, the build quality is just terrific---it looks and feels solid.  It has a nice, cold, metallic, satisfying heft to it.  The battery cover slides off in a no-nonsense way, and there's nothing flimsy or plastic to worry about flexing to the point of breaking.In addition to feeling solid in the hand, the phone is actually quite sleek and elegant in appearance.  I find the pictures online to not do it justice.The display is GORGEOUS.  Colors are rich and super-bright, and it's easy to see even in bright light (though I wouldn't want to try to read lots of small text in bright sunlight).The battery charges quickly.  I can charge from 20% to 70% in the car during my 45-minute commute, and to 100% in about an hour if plugged into an AC outlet.  I keep the phone in power-save mode and don't use the GPS much, so I only have to recharge it every 2-3 days.The flash camera is good and Nokia has included some fancy image-processing tools like sepia, B&W;, enhancement, color editing, etc.  However, I don't know how it compares to other phones' 8MP cameras, so I don't know if it's anything special.Getting to the SIM and Micro SD cards is easy: pop off the battery cover and you have access to the SD card.  Remove the battery and there's the SIM card.  Done.  You can replace all three in 30 seconds.Call quality is excellent, 10 out of 10.  Speakerphone is excellent, 10 out of 10.  Sound quality on the cheapo earbuds (included) is excellent.  The speakerphone is remarkably good.  On other handsets I've used, the speakerphone might have a hollow, buzzing sound.  This phone sounds solid.  My only quibble is that the sound gets a little muffled when I lay it down face-up (the speaker is on the back).  Also, and maybe it's that AT&T; has upped their game, but lately I have been getting terrific call quality and coverage everywhere I go (Boston, DC, suburban Maryland).Apps: there is a wide variety of Symbian apps out there but still can't compare to the iPhone ecosystem.  On the other hand, this phone comes with almost everything I wanted out of the box.  I downloaded only a couple of games, Opera, YouTube downloader, a new UI shell, RPN calculator and Kayak.  Even without downloading anything, the phone is an instant on-the-go survival kit, with GPS, turn-by-turn SPOKEN navigation, maps, traffic, browser, email, weather, streaming audio player, video player, calendar, clock with multiple alarms, QuickOffice, FM radio, music player, 720p HDTV output, and, of course, it's a pentaband world phone.Maps: Ovi Maps is excellent and, like Google maps, offers map view, satellite view and "terrain view" (essentially map view at an angle, as if you're floating hundreds of feet above the map).  Also comes with GPS and turn-by-turn spoken navigation, as I said above.  Better than the "navigation" you get with Bing maps on other devices like the Pre, which basically map out your route and tell you how to get there up front.  That's great until you go astray.  This phone gives you turn-by-turn directions and live route recalculation like a real GPS navigation unit.One other thing, and I don't know if this is limited to Nokia or Symbian, but you can set an alarm and then turn the phone off.  Why not save juice at night, right?  At the selected time the phone turns on enough to play the alarm tune.  My Nokias have done this going back to 2002.  Apparently this is something my Android-toting colleagues can't do with their whiz-bang Droids and Galaxies.  Go figure.

If you want a small but relatively powerful smartphone the C6-01 is worth considering. To be really happy with this handset you'll need to have a very narrow use case that doesn't change much over time.Let's get the bad news out of the way first:The biggest negative is the operating system is Nokia Belle Refresh.  Why is this a negative? Because none of your Android or iOS using buddies are going to be able to help you when this thing goes a bit whacky.  And believe me, it's an eccentric little beast. To be kind, let's just say Nokia is no longer adding new features to the phone. It's obsolete.The other negatives are:EDoF camera (camera focus is about two feet to infinity).Dual LED camera flash - a little too slow for small children and animalsLousy native Facebook & Twitter appUnusable native Web browserReally top-flight apps in the Nokia store is measured in the high tens3.2&#34; screenSlightly disappointing reception in edge conditionsHorrible portrait QWERTY keyboardSlow GPS lockThe good news is:Nokia Belle Refresh - the Best Symbian There Ever Was3.5G/3G/2G data connectionsExcellent voice callsBluetoothRemovable batteryBuilt like a tankClear Black Display is readable in sunshineWiFi 802.11 b/g data connectivityFM radio / Internet radioLED flashlightRelatively quick user interfaceMultiple home screensExcellent third-party Facebook & Twitter apps, browsers, games, and other appsFree pre-installed maps (USA, Canada, Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Mexico) & GPSLong battery life (for a smartphone)Terrific little MP3 playerTrue one-handed operationGreat reception in cities or areas with excellent coverage.Can be used as a SIP/VOIP phoneIt's too much technology to give to Grandma or a child but if you want something to toss in a backpack while motorcycling the C6-01 will do nicely.

I gave this telephone two stars because:Its well made (sturdy) and has a terrific camera.I took away three stars because (amongst other things):Its too small not to have a qwerty keyboard.The battery life is shorter than the C6 (with qwerty keyboard)The phone kept shutting off on its own (some kind of fault??)You can't just install a driver and use the phone with your computer, you need to download the NOKIA OVI suiteTex ting characters are too small for even my daughter's fingers.I will stay with NOKIA but use a different phone.This is not Nokia's best design.

This is an absolutely fabulous phone. Easy user-interface and customisation. Amazing camera both both pictures and videos, even in low light. My favourite function is the maps, you don't need a data connection to use it, and it finds places faster than my friends who use iPhones (if you want to get lost) and Androids.

The product is in perfect condition. But 2 things that people have to know.1)The camera has no AUTO FOCUS. In close up images everthing is messed up.2)Nokia has no good aplications. I understand they are new with Symbian Belle.. But still back!

My girlfriend got this phone and it is one of the best phones I have ever used. I play with it all of the time and I have to say that it is really user friendly. This is also a great phone because it is unlocked, which means I get to save money on our phone bill because we do not have to pay internet data charges. The internet browsing experience is way better compared to previous Symbian browsers (this is using a wifi connection). Also, the operating system's usability, in my opinion, has been upgraded. Finally, the camera is really amazing on this phone. It will take quick pictures with clarity.The only con about this phone is that sometimes the user can get ahead of the phone and it will quit an application or be a little slow BUT this does not happen often and I still want to buy this phone knowing this small flaw.Overall I give this phone 8/10.UPDATE!I ORIGINALLY RATED THIS ITEM 5 STARS BUT AFTER ALMOST HAVING THIS PHONE FOR A YEAR THIS PHONE BECAME VERY SLOW! THE DID NOT REALLY SPEED THE PHONE UP TOO MUCH!The phone is still decent but only deserves 3 stars.DON'T PURCHASE THIS PHONE - GO WITH A PHONE THAT HAS MORE SUPPORT! LIKE SAMSUNG, WINDOWS NOKIA, OR ANDROID!

I love it cell phone, but not allow me to upgrade to Symbian Anna, I stay in Ecuador, Why?  I recommend this phone is amazing!!!

I give it 5 stars because as I thought nokia never disappointed and have always used the products without any remorse, my first phone was a Nokia XpressMusic 5520 thereof. I can not complain about the quality of the cameras on nokia, compared to other companies like iPhone or Samsung, and I do not like the conventional.They recommend who like picture quality, in whom they love music, not much in games but chose not to play a smart phone, but to communicate with my family and friends, the rest is an addition, and there is a lot step resolution in the photos, but they are more demanding in the graphics and photos I recommend the Nokia 808 PureView (41 mpx) or N8 (12 megapixel) camera if you want balance and multimedia. But the Nokia C6-01 is good for those looking for music, photos and social networks.

I like the camera and its functionality.The pictures are very clear.The sound and video recordings are very good and do not lose resolution when imported to the computer for sharing.The camera can use more memory than what it presently comes with.Downside:the case easily comes off when it falls even from small heights(like couch or sitting position).Also touch function can be more precise.Otherwise works well for the price.Will recommend.

I've been a loyal Nokia user for years. I got this phone as a replacement because my last candy bar nokia died from exposure to moisture.  The phone is great. Nice display, compact, and solid feeling.  My one, large complaint?  Nokia makes no effort to help those of us who speak a foreign language and require multiple languages in our phones. In an age where multi language support is as easy as selecting something from a drop down menu (Windows, Apple iphone, etc), Nokia won't even make additional language packs available. I just can't understand this.  If a guy on a street corner can do it, why can't the company offer this service? Maybe this is one of the reasons Nokia continues to lose market share?

I have a soft spot for Nokia phones - they have beautiful hardware and work wonderfully as phones (great call quality and reception) but unless you are used to Symbian and Nokia's lack of support run - don't walk - away from Nokia.  I also own a Nexus One and iPad, so I am familiar with the other systms out there.  Even with the Anna update, Symbian is a mess.  After setting this phone up, I wanted to update the version of QuickOffice that comes with it (the included version is read only - it can not edit). Even though the upgrade was purchased through the Ovi Store, it would not install.  I finally got it to install by a time consuming restoring of the phone to it's original state after backing it up, restoring the changes I had made, and updating it again.  This took over two hours to simply install one of the most popular programs for Symbian!  Anna has been available outside the US for months, but between the ineptitude of Nokia and Quickoffice what is a simple task in any modern operating system is a nightmare - and this is the norm in the world of Nokia which explains why they are quickly becoming a relic.  Forget about getting support from Nokia if you have a question - it's not going to happen. Maybe things will be better with their Windows phones, but it's hard to teach an old Finnish Dog new tricks.So why did I give the phone a four star rating?  Well, the build quality is great, the screen is fantastic and once you get to understand it Symbian is a very flexible operating system that lets you do things that you can't do with Android or iOS. It is the complete opposite of modern phones with tons of apps (forget getting even popular ones like Netflix or Pandora on this guy) - it is a small high quality phones that has a few good apps and can be easily carried in your pockets. If I wanted to use a tablet I would. It is also inexpensive, and if you are a TMobile user who has tzones this will work with it in both edge and 3g unlike most newer phones that will require you to get an expensive data plan.In summary, if you want a relatively inexpensive phone with good call quality and the ability to use it world wide on any GSM system this is the way to go. Just understand that dealing with Symbian and the truely wretched support and software that is Nokia and Symbian has been known to drive people insane!

I did not buy this phone on Amazon, but I pre-ordered it on nokia.com a month before it was officially released in USA (March '11). I am a fan of iPhones, but the fact that I am not with AT&T; or Verizon cost me a fortune to own an unlocked iPhone 4. So I spent weeks searching for the best iPhone alternative out there...Pros:1) This phone is rated #1 in eco-friendliness. Made with 100% recycled materials. This means it has a worthy value when you decide to sell it to a recycle website such as Gazelle.com ($113) as of Oct. 2011.2) REAL metal casing. Not "plastic-metal" like Samsung or HTC phones. Very STURDY and compact engineering design. Screen is made with strong glass material called Gorilla Glass Display and is VERY strong and scratch-resistant --> Hence no need to buy any extra bulky protective cases or any screen protection films. (An iPhone would need to wear a big armor casing + front and back protective films.) This makes me LOVE holding my phone in my hand even when not using it!3) Small and compact. Smaller than iPhone and almost all HTC devcices. This is very important to me because I don't want anything bulking up on my left thigh when it's inside my pocket.3) Excellent loud speaker. Clear and crisp high profile ringing. (Nokia is famous in this area)4) 8MP full-focus camera + dual LED flash light! *Full focus means EVERYTHING from 20cm away from the lens to INFINITY will be sharply focused when taken. --- Video record in Hi-Def at 720p resolution with 25 fps (frame-per-second). BEAUTIFUL!5) 3.5mm aux jack. Very handy to connect with headphones, speakers, and for me... my car speakers.6) Facebook + Twitter integrated. The Facebook widget on homescreen is very neat. It cycles through the top 20 most-recent posts on Facebook right on the homescreen!7) Adobe Flash supported. Download supported. Yes you heard it right, you can download MP3 or AVI movies directly to your phone!8) Battery life is excellent. Can last up to 2 days with normal usage. Charge quickly in about ~40 minutes.9) OVI Maps GPS. Pre-loaded and FREE to use LIFETIME. Works in offline mode even when you don't have any data plan with your cellular provider company. Much better than Google map version on iPhone. This GPS software is so intuitive and accurate. Even more beautiful when it works cooperatively with the Music Player. When driving, I listen to my music on the phone (AUX input) and runs GPS at the same time. The music automatically fades out as the turn-by-turn voice guidance speaks and then fades back in when the voice stops. Same thing happens when you receive a call while listening to music. Everything works like a team seamlessly.Cons:Symbian^3 operating system is the main thing to complain about here. NOT very user-friendly.1) Web browser is ridiculous. No back button, no refresh button. Very cumbersome. (I download a 3rd party free browser app to compensate this)2) No push notifications. Have to manually access and update everything.3) Lack of apps. BIG TIME! NO BankofAmerica app, NO Amazon app, NO worthy weather app.4) Nokia OVI suite (Music sync. in particular) is hard to use. Very frustrated to add new music. I like to edit the song infos such as Artist/Album/ArtWork etc. but good luck with doing that using OVI Suite. Fortunately, I use Windows Media Player to compensate this issue and it turns out great!***UPDATE (Oct.21,2011): Just received the latest major update for Symbian^3 OS called Symbian Anna. Here are some major upgrades that I like:1) Home screen is now real-time swipe-able.2) New full QWERTY keyboard in portrait mode. Good for one-hand typing.3) New web browser. A lot faster and simpler user interface.4) New NOKIA Store (formerly called OVI Store). The new store is redesigned with new looks and a lot more responsive to clicking and swiping.Very proud of my phone after the update. After Symbian Anna, Symbian Belle is up next for the new major update.

Neat little phone until texts were not being received in their entirety. Spent hours on-line and on the phone with nokia and at@t between two of these phones (thought I got a lemon with the first). Very disappointed. Was a little on the busy side with all the apps already on the phone and they took up 75% to 85% of the memory, so if you take pictures you have to move them to a computer every few days or you won't have any space. Really wanted to like this phone but it was more of a headache than anything else.

this is a fantastic little phone, coming from iOS i am very pleased. it is responsive, graphics are slick, has a fair amount of apps to download and use. no problems setting up multiple email accounts incl exchange. was able to flash with the latest firmware from brazil. no problems adding certificates that were needed. stock battery life is about a day with typical use. size is great, not a big clunky smartphone. swipe modification is perfect for the portrait keyboard. camera is hi res but leaves something to be desired. ovi maps is great, works well, accurate. live widgets are really slick.

Well, after years looking for the real iPhone killer i think i found it!. This Nokia has EVERYTHING that an iPhone can offer you and a lot more!. I had all type of phones before, HTC's, Palm Treo's, Palm Pixi... and more. Let's start for the physical characteristics... is a heavy phone, a thing that i like, since the case is made of really nice Metal hard to scratch (not like other cheap plastic phones). Is smaller that the iPhone but the screen size is perfect. It comes with a GPS that works like a charm, even in other countries (like Colombia) without a data plan since you can download the OVI maps for free via Wi-Fi or on your PC and transfer them via USB or Bluetooth. The app store is GREAT a lot of useful free stuff, apps, games and videos. I got a mosquito repellent app, a 360 degrees panoramic photo app, Compass, Fingerprint security, a lot of Internet Radio stations just one click away from your home screen, Pop-mail and Facebook notification on your homescreen and the best protection against thieves!: An app that you can send a msg from another phone to your C6 and sends back another MSM with the exact location of the phone! and if somebody change your SIM card the phone is locked, your personal info is send via email and deleted, and besides that send you an MSM with the notification of the change and a photo taken with the front camera.  The 8MP back camera is really good and the HD video @ 720dpi looks really smooth. The front camera is really useful for the Skype app or Video calls. The camera flash works also as a REALLY! bright flashlight...  Comes with FM Radio but i never use it since you need the hands-free as the antenna, i usually use with the internet radio. Other apps that come with the phone are Quickoffice, Zip and Adobe PDF Reader. I'm more than happy with this cellphone and i highly recommend it even if you don't live in the US.

Got this phone to replace a old 5800 xpress music.Out of the box, I Didnt like the size.The screen is very small for Web,or Email.The phone reboots 4x a day, Every Day.After sync it with OVI and put a 8GB card, Found the it, to be very slo[...]I`m not a heavy user,But this phone left a lot to be desired.So , I`m Returning It, and Still Looking for a new Phone, Not Nokia Of Course.

works well,cheep, overall so far worth it, ive dropped it a few times, havent broke it yet thankfully, is does fall into pieces when it falls haha but easily reassembled and like i said no issues, heavy phone, feels sturdy. browser is acceptable, cam is ok, phone itself makes good calls, loud, good reception i use tmobil. again its a ok phone, does the job....

Surely you have read all reviews about this phone (GsmArena, PhoneArena, etc).I want to emphatize just a few aspects that could help you decide:1- I was looking for a state-of-the-art cell (touch), but size is very important to me: I don't like iPhone or Galaxy-S size. I need to put my cell in my pocket, and operate it with just one hand;  that's the first reason to buy Nokia C6-01;2- Quality: there is no people that could give you an opinion against the very good quality of this phone;3- Symbian is TOTALLY customizable: I understand Android could give you a very "update able" impression, but Symbian is too.4- I am a middle-age professional (44). Big hands, lot of work, very internet-dependent (for work), and travelling a lot by airplane. I need a cell phone to get email mainly through wifi networks, but I really do not have too much social-related activity (Tweeter, Facebook, and so), so I doubted when reading a lot of reviews referring to this aspects. I can tell you that customization is total: you can decide to put every icon related to screens as you want. I've cleaned my screens and setup the icons I needed.5- Connectivity in this cell is absolutly easy and user-controlable.6- Installing Ovi Apps is an easy and error-free process. I've installed Opera Mobile (it works like a rock!), Skype, a better calculator, QR barcode reader, etc.7- I've setting up my Hotmail account and a Gmail-corporate account without any problem: they are living in my cell exactly in the way they should be: each inbox separated from the other, and syncronizing just when I want (over wify or data operator link).8- Camera is VERY good. Of course it is not a full Nikon with a telex, but the photos are great for such a device;9-Windows application to manage the phone is great. It works like a charm, easy installation, and very high quality presentation. I can control every aspect of the cellphone (You can even type and read sms in real-time using this app, provided your C6-01 is connected through usb cable !), do backups of your data, contacts, messages, and so.10- It is beautiful and very stylish. I've bought the silver one (it's very metallic: not "plastic-metallic"). Screen is REAL black, and touch operation is perfect.So, I'm very happy with this purchase.I hope this help you.

Thank you for the product shipped by Amazon.It is very good and has a wonderful internet access.It also has many excellent applications for entertainment, work, and others.

por que me debitaron dos veces el valor del celular en mi tarjeta de credito que hago para reclamar ?

This is my first fancy cellphone and I am satisfied.  My only drawback is the size of the letttering which makes it sometimes difficult for me to read the screen.

I'm a nokia user since the 1100. This is my first smartphone and the experience with the C6-01 was not great; main reasons are:+ has simbian, so apps availability is limited+ a couple of times the phone has stopped working and only way to solve the issue was to leave it empty the energy of the battery for a full day and then recharge to reset, which left me complete days without cellphone+ web navigation is not fast+ mail app is really slow (I do not use mails frequently in the cell so I was not really affected by this but could be a real problem)What I do like of the cell is that:+ it has radio+ you can connect a micro sd card to expand memory+ its a small smartphone+ its well built and durable+ has good phone functionality!!!!!

I really love this phone. First a little background on the phones I have owned in the last 5 or 6 years. I had an N95 8G, an E71, a 5800 and was currently using an N85. All were unlocked phones used on AT&T.; I replaced my n85 with this C6-01.For some of you Nokia junkies I will make comparisons to other phones so that you may get an idea if you own those particular phones.Some very positive things I must get out of the way:The screen is awsome. It is the AMOLED like my N85. It is so much better than the washed out screen on the 5800 I was using. Also glass here instead of plastic. The screen is excellent out in the bright sun as well where as the 5800 screen was unusable.This capacitive touch screen is so much better than the resistive that I had on the 5800. Immediate response to your touch. It is wonderful. No repeated poking to try to get a response. I much prefer my fingertips to the stylus.The camera is wonderful. It is right on par with the excellent camera on my N85. Nothing like the horrible cameras on the E71 and 5800.Now I have no problem with battery life as some have had. I am getting 2 to 3 days of moderate use before having to charge. The first day I had it I had to charge after only  24 hours but I was using it constantly getting all of my settings right, downloading software updates, programs, taking pictures and videos.One more thing on battery life. After setting up my home WLAN and my 2 email accounts I quickly realized you should turn off scannning for WLANs and push mail. If you push your mail all day long and leave that WLAN scanner on all day long you will be charging the phone in less than 24 hours.Do yourself a favor and upgrade the phone to Nokia Belle OS. You will thank me. It doesn't take very long to do and the phone is a lot more user friendly. Just go to the SW update in settings and it will guide you thru the installation.About the only negative I can find about this phone is that when sending emails, texts, mms, etc., the on screen key board is a little small for big fingers. I have adjusted and gotten used to it so it is not a big problem for me.Now let me admit I have not had the phone long so I will come back and do an update in a month or so. So far so good. Excellent phone with an absolutely beautiful screen, an awsome camera and great call quality.UPDATE: 05 November 2012I have had the phone for around 2 months now. Still in love with it. It is one of the best Nokias I have ever owned and I have owned a lot of them.1 New Pro on this phone is the GPS. It seems like every time I get a new Nokia the GPS locks on faster than the last one. This one is no exception. This GPS is lightning fast even in my home but outside it is locked on in seconds.1 Con is the battery life. I found that when I went out of town without my PC and had to check email and use my phone to surf the internet and of course phone calls and text messages, I was having to charge the phone every 12 to 24 hours. I guess it is just the price to pay for that beautiful screen. Now that I am back and just talking and texting on it, I am back to charging about every 2 to 3 days. So I am still very happy with that.Still give this phone a 5 star rating. Great camera, great GPS, great call quality, great everything other than battery life. But I can live with that.UPDATE: 07 September 2013I have been using this phone for 1 year now. Still works perfect. Have no complaints at all other than as I mentioned before, battery life with heavy usage, which I have adapted to. Great phone. Will probably go another year with it.

I have had the phone for about a year now and this is a slight update over my previous two reviews after a week, and six months--which were basically on target. I am a long time computer user and international traveler and was hoping to use the phone as a portable all in one device. I have used cell phones of increasing intelligence for about 15 years, but this is my first "smart" phone.I read most of the other reviews before purchasing the phone, most of which seem accurate, both pro and con--although I had no mysterious reboots or failures.The phone is well built, sleek and slick, pretty easy to see even in bright light, battery use varies with applications, if wi-fi is used extensively, you'll need to recharge at the end of the day. If not, the phone--as telephone--works for many days without recharging. The sound from the phone is very clear, the clearest that I can remember among my 7 or 8 phones. Texting is also easy (in horizontal mode) although the small keys seem to register my touches a bit differently than I expect. (It helps to aim for the top of the keys instead of the middle.) The hard buttons for answering, hanging up, and canceling out of apps, are extremely helpful, and getting be rare. It allows you to answer or reject a phone call, with one hand, instantly--very useful.The music play back (through relatively expensive Sennheiser headphones) is also very clear and better than the very good Sony MP3 player that I have been using. The camera is easy to use and seems to take very good pictures, excellent in day light, although not quite as good as a very good camera.For many tasks, working with the phone attached to a computer is the best solution, as with entering phone numbers, downloading apps, music, and so forth. I often plug it into a laptop in the morning to charge, sync files, do a bit of texting (see below), and use it as my "office" phone.In the past year, I had the opportunity to use a mid-level Samsung smart phone for a month and played with several I-phones and talked with  experienced users. Neither had software equivalent to the Nokia Suite, which has turned out to be extremely useful. First, it syncs the phone calendar easily with MS outlook, which allows calendar entries to be entered on a pc, where I am a much faster typist and screen negotiator. Second, it allows text messages to be composed and sent on a pc or laptop. This may seem a bit silly, but text communications have largely become the norm among persons on the go, and unless one is a speed "thumb typer" one can do this a lot faster and more accurately from a laptop keyboard. Third, it provides very convenient notices of the availability of upgrades. Fourth, it allows photos to be previewed, before porting them over to what every system you use to keep track of and edit them. (I am old-fashioned here and do this on a laptop or two.)The sync feature, is to my surprise not included with most other smart phones, although apps of evidently lesser ability can be purchased. My previous dumber phones and the mid-level Samsung smart phone I used over the summer lacked this feature.) To get a very good sync package for free, makes the phone an even greater value than I had appreciated. It means that one can keep MS outlook consistent across several computers (I use three different computers routinely, and used to do this manually by carrying a flash memory with backups of my appointment schedule and contacts. The C6-01 does this automatically via the OVI/Nokia Suite software with a cable or via bluetooth.The phone, which I is typical for smart phone families, takes some learning and a lot of downloading, more or less like setting up a new computer--which of course it really is. (The operating system has been upgraded three times in the past year, with each one being a bit better than the previous one.)One problem that I constantly run into is that Nokia's intuition about how to do things is not the same as mine. Finding the message and phone logs initially takes several strokes and some good guesses. Sending a message requires guessing the meaning of two similar looking icons. Importing sim card phone numbers is especially round about, rather than automatic, but possible. On such things, the phone's software is no worse than MS word or word perfect, but it is still annoying to have to spend a few minutes puzzling out some rather routine tasks.  Nokia's online help for the phone provides answers to most mysteries that I could not puzzle out myself. (With practice, one "gets" Nokia's logic and it becomes a bit easier to find things and turn on and off various features.)I ran into a variety of minor problems that I thought were the phone's, but turned out to be ATT problems--eg they had not unlocked my sim card so that it could be used in an unlocked phone. ATT had previously provided info to unlock my last phone from them for use in Europe, so I thought that the sim too would have been unlocked.Recent revisions seem to have improved the GPS. The maps are excellent and the phone does a good job of locating you on the map, although it is not quite as accurate as a true GPS would be. The turn-by-turn advice, however, more than occasionally gets confused if there are lots of streets in the same area, but the maps are good enough that one can take a quick look at them and figure out which way to go, when the voice (of which there are many to choose from) fails.The GPS seems to have been improved in the various upgrades over the past year, and its locating ability and maps are very useful.It is an excellent phone and MP3 player, those parts are very user friendly; a very good camera, decent internet device, and much improved GPS system, good although not yet for foolproof turn by turn advice. All this for the price of a decent camera or GPS device.Overall I give the C6-01 very high marks. Its a convenient pocketable size, smaller than most small cameras and much smaller than most smart phones.One can be hot or cold about the phone according to what one is looking for and how much of a premium one puts on size and universal apps. The text is smaller on this phone than on phones with larger screens, and there are fewer apps, which is sometimes, although not often a problem.I rather like its small size for most day-to-day purposes. Its suite of software is terrific and more unusual that I had appreciated before my experience with a mid level Samsung, I-phone, and low level LG phone last summer. It is definitely a major improvement over my last phone, and its international portability is a major plus as well.

MUY BUENO, EN REALIDAD ES LO QUE SE PUBLICO EN LAS FOTOS Y ME GUSTO MUCHO QUE LLEGO SELLADA LA CAJA, TOTALMENTE NUEVO, MUY SATISFECHO CON LA COMPRA, LO RECOMIENDO. . . . . . .

I ordered this phone for the GPS functionality without needing a data plan, and also to have smartphone abilities using existing wifi so I wouldn't be just another tool holding an iphone and paying $50/month for the ability to have internet every time I leave the house.When I got the phone, of all things I was the most charmed by the radio tuner! it's a nice little feature that allows you to get radio signals (you need a plugged in earpiece to act as an antenna) and it's not using wifi, but actual radio signal. Unfortunately, the phone's battery life left much to be desired and I found the user interface completely unintuitive. I didn't enjoy using the device.

Tha phone is realy nice cool made small and elegant!!!Only the battery didnt last to much but i also play games use the map and internet a lat!!!

Update May 28, 2012:Updated the operating system to Belle today and surprise, surprise, all my old text and emails that contained Chinese are now no longer displayed as sruares.  All in readable Chinese!!!  I am updating the rating to 5 stars now.  Had been a great phone and now appears to be better, more responsive with Belle.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Works great as a phone, solid construction, have no problem what so ever.  Even used it as a teether modem for my computer (using the provided Nokia software) with great ease.  Screen is a little small for me for any extended web browsing or emailing.  Upgraded to the new Anna operating system, over the air, with no hiccup.  However, I bought this phone to use on my vacation to Taiwan, HK and China in the fall.  It is then that I discovered that Nokia phones intended for North America (or Europe) does not include Chinese (or any Asian) language support.  Solution proposed on various websites indicated a trip to a Nokia Care Center is required to add the missing language support.  So while on a trip to Shanghai this December, I brought the phone to a Nokia Care Center.  They said it will cost 120 CNY, which would not be bad around $20 and would take an hour.  After it went to the technician, I was then informed that my software is a newer version than they have in China (they are running Anna also!) and they only install newer and does not go backward! So no Chinese language support, only display little squares. It would get 4 stars if it includes Chinese or Asian language support out of the box, like Iphone, Android, Windows or Blackbery, almost all of the other major operating systems.  If you intend to use this phone in a foreign country make sure it includes your language.

It keep turning off it self everytime during the day... Im trying to contact seller bad choice i already try to updated sofware and it keep doing it

I use this phone still and don't buy into changing out phones every time a new one comes out.  This is a solid reliable phone that also takes good pictures with decent video.

I actually bought this for my mom, when I asked her about the phone she was really contended and happy. Very user friendly, not at all complicated yet it has all the new technology. i ddefinitely recommend it!!!

one of the best phone ever, the camera is amazing the size and simplicity of the style is outstanding and features are really great specially the gps no need for montlhy subscription. i love it

The phone took a while to show up, I have noticed anything that ships via free shipping from an Amazon warehouse is always slow to ship and to arrive, versus other Amazon suppliers.  The phone is solid and decent.  It shipped with a 4Meg micro-sim (I expected a 2M) and some apps were alreadt added.  I have probably used most every feature on the phone.  I connect wirelessly to my router at home and it took a little bit to actually get that working.  For whatever reason I couldn't initially get it to work.  I went to McDonalds and it connected immediately to the wireless there.  I thought my router was broken, but after McDs I went home and it connected immediately.  Go figure.I installed the MySimple Mobile Sim and now for $40 I have unlimited talk text and 3G web.  After the Mysimple OTA programming via SMS the settings I had tried to install were fixed and my phone works very well.  Sometimes the phone takes a moment to respond, but usually a touch triggers a vibration so you know the phone received input.I gave the phone a 4 star because the display dims occasionally very quickly and is slow to recover.  When you hold it to your ear the display goes black from the sensor input, but the power saving display is different and I haven't yet figured out an adjustment for that.The phone is running Symbian3 so it is different than most US phones.  There is a store with some apps. Some apps work and some don't even if they are supposed to work on your phone it might be hit or miss.  I also note that when you remove an app all traces might not be removed, and I haven't figured this out either.The phone connects via USB (WinXP) with no issues and even recharges via the USB port.  The battery life may be limited if you use the GPS or play a display intensive game.It is doubtful that Symbian Anna will ever be put on any US phone although most non-US phones are being upgraded/ or have already been upgraded.I do like the OVI maps, but the GPS is very slow if you are not near a network.  Out in the wild, no network, it took 10 minutes to find the position and kept losing it, the internal accelerometers didn't seem to correct the position at all.  And because it is display intensive the battery dies quickly.  I estimate about 3 hours on GPS and you will need to recharge.I do like this little phone.  It has some minor quirks, but all phones do. It isn't an i-phone but it isn't huge, I can carry it in my shirt pocket, make phone calls, text and surf the web.  I put Opera on it but the default web browser is ok, but not very intuitive.I like the address book.  It can accept voice commands but I haven't tried doing this much.  You can set an SMS to erase the phone and info in case you lose it, send an SMS with your secret message and supposedly it locks your sim and phone.  Haven't tried but I did set a message.  The camera takes pictures.  I loaded a panorama app and shutter-pro.  The camera can be set for small pictures and sends MMS messages.  It has a front facing cam, but very low res I think.  I loaded an app called camera mirror, but haven't tried a video phone call to anyone.I have sent emails from the phone which also works for larger pictures, connected to my yahoo email account, and emails to flickr post as expected.The morning alarms are easy to set as well as world times.  I also have downloaded other country maps in ovi maps.  You can explore another country and even see what the weather is like there.  Although, it takes a bit for the weather sometimes.If you have a question about the phone I'll try to answer it from a user perspective.

Because of the size of the phone, the keyboard is difficult to type on. Also, with Nokia/Symbian, you don't have access to very many apps like you do with apple or android. Otherwise it's a great phone, durable, and works well. A good buy if you need an unlocked phone for prepaid use.

I thought at first, it was the most amazing phone ever!Size - The size is perfect, it fits my pocket, unlike many other smartphones.GPS - very slowSpeaker - during call time with the speaker on, they (recipient) could not hear my voice very well.

With the inexpensive availability of Windows and Android phones, the Symbian OS has been dying since early 2012. If you are looking for a Nokia phone, get a model that does not use Symbian.Pros:Other than the OS, this phone has a few really nice features. The GPS function is amazing. Even if you do not have a data plan, as long as you download the maps through wifi, you have free turn-by-turn GPS voice guidance. The camera has a nice 8MP camera. The phone even has a flash light.Cons:However, the awful Symbian OS outweighs any benefit the phone has. The Symbian interface is extremely rigid. This means that you will not be able to customize much of anything. In addition, because Symbian is so outdated, the selection of apps and games is virtually nonexistent. The internal memory is a disappointing 350MB (?).Once again, get a model that does not use Symbian. (I am returning my NokiaC6-01 for a Nokia Windows phone.)

Even though I am a big fan of Nokia, I must say it turned me down this time. The phone is a bit slow, which I think may be because of the processor. The battery also dies soon. I ended up returning it and buying the Nokia Lumia 710 for almost the same price, but much faster, lighter and easygoing.

I received this phone a week ago and it worked great for a day but now it drops the calls on an average of three times every ten minutes. I have had to resort to a go phone as I need something that is reliable for work.Above this was my first review. It has been a few months and I have returned the original phone and received another, bought a cell phone signal booster, and have full signal bars everywhere in my house (I also live in the middle of a town). The phone still constantly drops calls. It has been affecting my business and personal relationships. Yes, that is how bad it is. I am very disappointed with Nokia. With such a competitive market for phones there is no reason to buy this one. If zero stars was an option that is what I would give this phone.

This phone has given me a hell of a time. I bought it on Amazon but I regret to say that this is going to be the last time I will ever buy anything from Amazon. After just two weeks of use, this phone just went dead and won't power on anymore. I have tried every means to repair it but to no avail. Now I have to buy a new phone. This is the price I have to pay in addition to buying this product for $229.99. I regret ever doing business doing with Amazon and will never do business with them again.

it amazing for you pricePro:cam 8mp and secondary cam 2mpExcelent GPS navi whit more 80 mapsSymbian 3 upgrading to ana3 displayinclude 4gb sdCont:Display no very respons when you have more 4 app at the same timeReset it when you install many applicationslittle internal memoryvery small screen only 3.2"not too thinthe battery only lasts 6 hours in use

The phone has a nice feel to it.  The actual phone features are good.  The phone has issues and the manual is not helpful.  The information in the phone does not go into detail enough to be helpful.  I downloaded the nokia suite program on my computer which is a joke.  I cannot connect to my own wifi because it will not ask for a pass word.  The contact list for phone call and texting is different.  The middle of my contact list did not transfer.  I have spent most of the weekend looking for answers to these problems with no luck.  The key pad is very small so I will not be texting much, I hate texting anyway.  The cord that came with the phone to connect it with my computer is not working after one use.  So beware of this phone.  It is a phone, just a phone with no support for all the other stuff so it is just a phone!!!

This phone looks like it has plenty of bells and whistles but actually it was inefficient in blowing those bells and whistles. Navigation is very complicated, wastes so much of my airtime, wastes so much battery....

Es ideal para mi, tienen todo lo que necesito, es muy elegante, muy llamativo, es un excelente producto. lo recomiendo

I had been waiting for a long time to get a touch-phone. I remember having read N number of reviews and articles on the latest and the greatest technology for a smart phone. But somehow I didn't want to invest big. I didn't want to cry if I managed to lose it. The Nokia C6-01 was a smart decision that I made. I was convinced with the reviews and feedbacks on this little genius and I went ahead and hit "Checkout" on Amazon. And it arrived in a neat box within 3 days. I was all set to experiment on this device and Nokia had always been my favorite. I knew it wouldn't fail. I don't mean to say that companies like Samsung and Apple don't make the user's proud. I also don't mean to compare the Symbian^3 (C6-01's OS) with Android or so.What I humbly mean to say is, I got everything I expected in a dream phone. I hate to admit that I am not worthy of an iPhone or a Galaxy. Simple reason being I wouldn't be able to utilize it better (What's the use of owning a supersonic when you just want to buy milk?).Here are some really good things that I found with the Nokia C6-01* Sweet and Small - You can take this beauty out of your denims without having to acrobat. The 3.2 inch screen is perfect for a mobile phone. Anything more would make it less portable. The curved edges are just as pleasing.* Robust - The device build is definitely strong and metallic and not like some clumsy ones that remove their clothes (parts) when you accidently (or deliberately) throw it down.* Amazing display and color - AMOLED display with TrueBlack (all Jargon that means -crystal crisp display with vivid and life-like colors.* Wonderful Point and Shoot Camera - The 8 MP camera is really cool. I was able to click some really good pics. Don't be misled by the fixed-focus definition. It makes life a lot easier* Wifi B-G-N compatible - Means I am able to download a lot of data pretty quickly. Using my home Wifi I could download over 300 MB (Maps) within 3 mins. (which is pretty fast for me)* Offline Navigation and GPS - You can download the maps and routes offline and use it as a normal GPS without having to rely on any network provider / WIFI for data connectivity. And Ovi-Maps are free for life time.* Easy setup with external emails, IMs, social networking - Inbuilt applications allow quick configuration and you are connected in a breeze.Some less good things* It is considerably heavy and I like it that ways. I can "safely" throw it at a mad stray dog if it comes to attack me.* Battery power - It doesn't have a very powerful battery, so if you are exploiting the device, you need a USB cable or a power charger on the go. With normal usage, I am able to get a charge for around 2 or 3 days.* Fixed Focus camera doesn't allow good quality macro photography. So I use my dedicated digital camera for that.* Using the GPS for a long duration warms the device. I wouldn't be doing that every day, so I won't worry much.So, that is pretty much it. I have got what I needed. (There is a huge difference between what you want and what you need, and this device has made me realize that you would most often never 'need' everything that you 'want')I am happy with this little genius. This is a rather short review for respect of space on Amazon's review page. Maybe I will soon write a detailed review somewhere sometime.

Since there are quite a few user reviews, I will not add any additional comments right now other than to say it is an OK phone.However, I want to let owners (and possible future owners) know that I had purchased a Sandisk 32GB uSDHC memory card when I purchased the phone, and was not able to get map data saved onto the card - the phone would show disk error while downloading the map data either thru the WiFi connection or the Nokia Suite software from a PC.  The problem seems to show-up when you have a large download of data to the phone (for example: entire USA map data, or after one or 2 state-specific data).  Strange that I did not encounter any issues when restoring backed-up data to the 32GB card, only when downloading map data.Note: the reason I am downloading map data is that when you do a restore to the new memory card, the map data is not copied, presumably Nokia wants you to download the current map data instead of keep using the old data.I then purchased a 16GB Lexar uSDHC card and that worked flawlessly, and I suspect it is software issue related to the phone.  Nokia support was not very helpful as they me to reseat the card and try again, which I did many times, including getting another 32GB card thinking the original one was bad.

I'm a newbie with a touch screen phone. My friend started with I-Pod touch screens. This phone has as many features at half the price as his I-Pod. He also agrees the the Nokia C6-01 is a great phone for the price.

I purchased one of these for ~$120, and I love it. It has a nice-sized display- not too big, not too small. It's easy to configure/personalize and seems very well made.

I bought this product for one of my customers as a gift. The CU let me play with it. The phone is very nice with very cool features however, Nokia N8 is quite better than this phone. I will highly encourage you to buy Nokia N8 instead. This phone is overpriced it should cost $250 like the Nokia X6.Get Nokia N8 or Nokia X6.

incredible cell phone, very practical, very fast, easy to use, many functions, I recommend it 100%, everything is very new

I have had this phone for over 2 years, it fell from a second floor and into water and is still working perfect, it is indestructible

Realmente me quede bien complacido con la compra, la resolucion de la camara es muy buena, buen enfoque y he sacado buenas fotos, hace todo lo requerido en relacion a las comunicaciones tanto a nivel de mensajes como a nivel telefonico, es bien practico y facil de usar, se requiere leer el manual para manejar mejor las funciones pero eso me parece normal, la guia del usuario te lleva comodamente.

Initial impression of the Nokia C6-01 is almost all good. It's solid, looks good, easy to use, battery life is remarkable.Problems, perhaps unavoidable: a bit too chunky/heavy (for its size), the screen is not really big enough for mail and web reading, and the on-screen non-Querty keyboard is very 20th century (to get the letter C, you press the ABC key three times... oh, please!)To its credit, Nokia made enlarging the font easy enough, but then you have to keep going back and forth to continue reading.I can't blame the C6 for not being a tablet, but I wonder if I should just rely on my Kindle Fire for web & mail, and not bother with a smartphone.~~~~~~~~Another problem, a big one: the screen does not respond to fingernail or stylus, only fingertips - this is stated in the user guide, but I didn't think much of it...until now.Just spent 15 very frustrating minutes at Starbucks, trying to go on WiFi, unable to click on the box required to accept the AT&T; terms. I finally had to give up because nothing worked; if fingernails were acceptable, there wouldn't have been a problem.For anyone with "normal" fingers, this could be a deal-breaker.

the front camera of my nokia c6-01 does not work properly if they can not give me any suggestions,the other functions are perfetamente I have only indicated the problems they

is a smart phone, ideal for taking high quality photos and videos in high definition, strong and durable recommend it for anyone who starts a touch phone with TV output advantage to watch movies stored on the memory card.

This is a great cell phone. Very important to get all Nokia updated to get better performance.Fast, simple to useThe battery and the camera are good.

I agree with all previous reviews, the cellphone is GREAT. The only REALLY BAD thing is that I didnt receive the little 2GB microSD memory, as its suppossed to be included in the box. THEREFORE, the cellphone wont work at its 100% (without memory space)

From the spec, it should be a nice phone including all features if you don't want to pay for data plan.It has wifi, but the battery will run out within couple hours if you turn it on.It has GPS, but it won't start after you drive like 5 more minutes when it doesn't connect with Internet.  After few months, it will has strange question asking for updating it.It has video recorder, but the red light keeps on making people unconfortable when taking video.It's a smart phone, but applications and games are so few if you used other different OS smart phone.THe silver bottom mid button loosed after using this this phone only couple months. What's the poor quality?It has customer service, but they are only willing to support very limited after this phone got issue......To bad... It's the 63th day after I had this phone......  I cannot even return it......

The phone came without the 2gm MicroSD card. The Nokia USB cable did not work to connect to Nokia Suite completely ( It recognized the phone, but was unable to update, however, it worked with another cable I had already). The phone made the impression as if it was returned by a customer before, cleaned and repackaged. It was not in original retail package but kind of a gift box. The wrist band was missing as well. The seller was willing to take it back and refund price and shipping, however, I had it forwarded to Bermuda and paid customs and shipping for that.I just wish the seller would have said its kind of refurbished or otherwise opened before.I bought this phone to use the GPS without having to use Data plan (especially when abroad). For that it is great like other Nokia GPS phones. Other than that I want to use it as a phone and for some sms messages, maybe take a picture at times. So just for things you don't need data for. I don't want email etc. Its nice it has wifi, so at home I can download maps without connecting toteh internet. Howeve,r the voice guidance can only be downloaded via nokia suite on a computer. I don't have a data plan, I don't want one. However, the phone is full of apps you cannot get rid of. I don't want Microsoft office for a phone (requires paid registration), Typing is hard enough on the touch screen. WHo would create a doc on a phone? I don't want the weather forecast or public transport etc. At least I was able to create a folder (I called it trash) where I could move unwanted icons, because otherwise they crowd your screen. Unfortunately you don't find instructions how to get rid of any of those (only some can be deleted, the rest eats phone memory). As you may notice I am not a smart phone fan, so that makes me bias. I have no use for fancy apps, just the opposite, they make life harder for me.Pros: GPS, wifi, bluetooth, unlocked, good phone calling quality, well build, 8megapixel, flash built in, can be used as a flash light in the dark. Skype can be installed to make free or cheap calls via wifi. Charges via usb (my old Nokia did not) and also has a charger input for the typical Nokia chargers (small connector) from before. It came with usb charger and car charger for usb. Since I still have my old chargers I have two sets now. USB chargers work on other phones like blackberry or samsung as well.Cons: too many useless apps, cannot sync with my mozilla calendar (insists on Outlook), it seems Microsoft used its new influence on Nokia to lock people into their software. App store not very organized. The keys on the qwerty soft key pat on the screen are relatively small (even in landscape) and the fingertips often hit more than one key or the wrong one. The touch pat works with heat sensitivity, not like in the 5230, which I had before, with actual pressure. So the phone comes without a pic or stylus to be more accurate. Maybe I just have to get used to it a little more. Many apps cannot be deleted even if you don't plan to use them ever.Too bad I lost my old Nokia 5230 Navi edition. Good thing, the C6 fits in my old cradle for the car holder.I am still happy because I use GPS only in when visiting the United States or Europe and the free maps are great for that.

I really like my new phone.Its just the right size to fit in my pocket.I find it easy to use, much easier than my older Nokia with the little keyboard.I has about 1/2 the battery life of my older Nokia so It needs to be charged more.Its a trade off, easier to use vs long battery life.I was able to use my chip out of the old Nokia phone, just inserted it and it fired right up.Looking for a case for it.Good buy with the daily deal price.Happy for now..Update; 60 days later I haven't had any issues with this phone.It's worked flawlessly.The camera is super easy, the video works but uses up a lot of memory.I download the Nokia web page, it helps with updates and loading new apps.I'v even had a few many compliments on this little phone.Yes it runs on 3g but for me that's OK, I'm at a PC all day so I don't use it on the web much.Still happy

This cell is an excellent choice. It has an easy to use interface and you can customise the widget you need the most so you can have all the things you need literally in your fingertips. The Nokia has a special section for all social networks where you can automatically upload your facebook, twitter, etc accounts without having to open a new page to log into facebook for example. The back camera is really good, the front not so much (u only have 2MP) but when you have the right light it takes good pics. It also has OVI Maps so you can know where you go, whatsapp and many more stuff. All in all a great choice

1) Phone build quality is good2) ovi apps have enough apps to take care of daily needs3) Good battery lifeDemeritsOS is not easy to use after using ios or androidNokia made a good decision to switch to windows

this phone is the best, either in image and video ... besides being economical, does not need anything, should buy it before it endsNokia C6-01 Unlocked GSM Phone with 8 MP Camera, 720p Video Recording, and Ovi Maps Navigation--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)

I bought this phone to replace the c6-00 that was stolen. it's more than expected.faster connectivity, better graphism on pictures and videos and also the speed of its processor is amazing. plus the flaslight is very bright and really helpful.

Muy buen celular, como siempre Nokia es muy bueno en cuanto a sus sencillas funciones, ten&iacute;a un blackberry y &eacute;ste me gusta m&aacute;s, excelente c&aacute;mara.

Received it today - screen is broken.  There are two large purple spots on the screen.  Software seems buggy as well.  Not what you'd expect from Nokia.  However, phone looks nice.

I've had this phone for about a month now, and it serves as the replacement for my old Nokia 5800 XpressMusic. The 5800 was a great phone for it being my first touchscreen experience and I grew used to the resistive touchscreen. Had the unit not start malfunctioning more frequently, it would probably still be my primary phone. But, the screen apparently was losing power, as it would go fuzzy and virtually inoperable in cold climate, the slidelock seemed to be shorting out, and placing calls started to become a chore. It was a good 3 year run. The C6-01 is proving to be just as competent as the 5800...very clean, very responsive, loaded with features. It shares similarities with the iPhone and the Windows Phone. The AMOLED capacitive touchscreen took some getting used to but I'm starting to really get the hang of it. Texting is slightly different; not as quick but it's just as responsive. Has a great camera. Great sound clarity when taking calls. Pretty much does the same thing the 5800 did, with slightly quicker response and lots more memory. Here's the downside. First, the battery life is not great. I have to charge this phone daily, where with the 5800 I could charge every other day. The loudspeaker does not have the same quality as the 5800, for a phone that records and plays back video in 720p HD. Also, in some instances, the phone has a tendency to freeze on some applications and on a couple calls. Then, when texting, some buttons get pressed even when not pressing anything, which lets you know how responsive the touchscreen is. Some of the button placement could have been different to avoid mistakes in sending a text message. I also am not too pleased with the notification light, which is not very bright. And there is no way to disable camera sounds altogether, but the 5800 had the same issues. I'm still trying to determine the response time when sending multimedia messages. The slidelock, when first using this phone, was very hard to slide, but has become much easier. Overall, this phone is great so far. Will see how long it lasts.

I had a basic samsung A137 flip-style for Go Phone account; switched the card to this, and it works.The Ovi account set up with a quick data transfer over 3G. After that, I set it to only access the internet over Wi-Fi, and always ask me first when connecting for data.The maps with GPS are the best. I travelled to San Antonio. The map would auto-mark where I was and give direction to where I wanted to go it was very quick.Web browsing is quick enough, but not something I would use much.I still mainly just use texting and voice, but I enjoy the versatility of this. It does seem to have better reception than my old phone.I bought it on special December 2011.It seems to be a europe model, when I looked for accessories (unsure).Aug. 24, 2012.....This phone is listed as eligible for a SIM-only value package through T-Mobile. They have a "bring your own phone" all you can use data package which is less expensive than the other carriers.

great phone i like it the battery life is good and evrything working great and the phone is unlocked a

I've just bought this phone and I'm having a tough time with it. I didn't have an old phone with a contact listso I had no contacts to transfer. When I try to add a contact all I get is one or two letters "C" "N" to chose from.And I can't get the keyboard to come up (to help with that). Also I can't find the 'missed calls' key/link??? I'mgetting so frustrated that I'm thinking of returning the phone. Anyone got any helpful advice?

i bought this phone 3 days ago, and i was very impressed by the looks of it. it also had a high rating!!!, but the battery of the one i bought only holds for less than 24 hours, and i almost did not listen to music and did not called anyone with it yet!!!! it could be that the one i got, has a bad battery. if the battery was good i would give the c6-01 5 stars, because it is a great phone,(8mp camera, but no auto focus,720p hd camera,and a good touch screen with hard glass.)this is my 3rd Nokia in a row, and they are still the best,all of them had great battery life except this one!!, but still way better than iPhone and blackberry!!!!!!

I bought this phone because I needed to upgrade from my trashy Tracphone that I still have and use.  This phone is very hard to figure out, and it is very hard to send text messages.  All I can say is you will be better off buying a Samsung phone than this one.  Yes, I can make phone calls, and yes I can figure out how to set up ringtones, but there are a lot of other things that I still miss out on.  I get trash texts that I cannot block, the WiFi doesn't work as it is supposed to, imputing information is hard because of the small size, the battery needs to be recharged often so it doesn't die on me, etc.  I still use the old Tracfone for texting messages because the keyboard on that one is easier to handle than this high tech phone.  Save your money and buy a Samsung or Iphone.

Don't listen too much to the the praise of this phone. You have to consider how you're going to use it. Carriers will not sell you a sim card. In order to use this phone in the US you'll have to get into a long-term contract, only then will they provide you with the sim card.Unlocked phones are orphans that lack the benefits  or perks of  phones that are part of the carriers networks. If you get this phone and simply insert another phone's sim card into it, you've just wasted your money, since its internet feature will be disabled, or it will be much more expensive to use.Also, you can't use it with a no contract carrier. You'll basically end up with a nice looking phone that's far from as useful as the phones you get through carriers, due to the system that is. Or, far from as useful as it could be.Think twice if you really want a nice looking phone that can do half of what the approved phones can do. Of course that wouldn't be the case in Asia or Europe, but in the US, good luck in tapping the phones capabilities with verizon or t-mobile without ending up sucked into a long-term contract like with any other of their phones.It's amazing how many knuckleheads go out and buy unlocked cellphones without thinking how they're going to activate it, and what it'll entail in terms of carriers policies. Sure this is a great phone in theory.Also if you bought an unlocked phone of your choice, and could easily get a sim card with no contract for it, then how come there's a big market for no contract phones, with several carriers accommodating it? The neggers  must be mad that they can't answer this question. If unlocked phones were such good choices everyone would get them, but most don't.The neg flocks group thinking is noticeable.The web is full of examples of how it's a hassle getting t-mobile to provide a sim card for someone's unlocked phone. It's also full of cost comparisons, and they all say unless you travel abroad often, getting an unlocked phone will be a waste of money. Not only are these phones outdated (getting a newer model can cost more than an ipad), the amount of data and talk are very limited.

My boyfriend bought one for me. It is a British version, before it enters the US market. It could perfectly support 3G service for both ATT and TM which is of great help if you don't want to get locked-in by only one SP. For TM, 3.5G is soooo cool.The screen is amazing, too. You have no difficulty of watching it under the burning sun without lightening the screen as we usually do to other phones. BTW, it is said that the screen is more power-saving because of new tech.Anyway, it is an extremely cute baby. Probably a little small for some big hands though...

Maybe I got a bad one. I had many Nokia phones since 90-s and I am used to Symbian OS (I still use my old 7560 as calculator :), but this phone disappointed me. People say: bad software, great hardware, I disagree: OK soft, bad hardware.- 3.5mm plug is so bad - I tried it with 3 different headphones, and it still did not hold consistently - while sitting still! I heard sound only in one ear most of the time, till I moved the cable plug a bit, then the sound went away again or became uneven. I did not bother unpacking and checking the included headset.- The speech quality is very low - people complained about it each conversation (I had several). On the speakerphone it was even worse. I did hear them OK, with few interruptions. My 6-year-old Siemens phone did much better job under the same conditions with the same connection.- GPS is unresponsive, I tested it few times in a center of a big city. Today I tried to use walking navigation to a store several blocks away, and I was there before the phone responded, actually, it never did that time, I had "Waiting for satellite signal" message or something like that all the way. The same on the way home when I started to navigate from new. Only once in two times testing the phone - each time couple of hours - I had a chance to listen to downloaded "surfer dude" voice instructions (cute), I simply had no patience to wait for minutes.+ It feels good in hand though, and it is conveniently small, and the screen is sharp and pleasant to look at.+ I could operate it with one left hand as I used to (but with small buttons on the touchscreen it is not easy).+ The software is really OK, even the browser is acceptable, no problems with flash video, speed is fine.+ The charging cable is not heavy and soft (why not provide two in one with USB though?)+ Night video was all right (but absence of auto-focus is generally annoying).I bought c6-01 as a secondary small phone for long-distance running with music, for tracking and recording my training (they have a nice ovi-app for that), for free maps and navigation without data plan, because I like to explore unknown areas, and for having an emergency communication possibility - well, what's the point if I cannot listen to my music even staying still and have unreliable GPS?..I hope it may help somebody to avoid time wasting (I am sorry about mine).

Este tel&eacute;fono es una porquer&iacute;a, la pantalla tactil es de muy mala calidad y se desconfigura autom&aacute;ticamente a cada instante... Mi comentario es para el articulo, mas no para el Local Comercial.

In today's smartphone market, it is hard to find a phone that is actually a decent "phone" size. That is, one that does not feel like a brick when you hold it to your ear. When I saw the Nokia C6-01, I knew I found my next phone. The phone fits perfectly in my hand and is a pleasure to use as a phone. It is heavy for its size, but somehow, that just makes me feel more confident in its build. Since this replaced a Nokia E72, the screen size was not a problem for me. It is big enough for me to see everything I want, and I rarely even need to zoom when reading web pages. Lastly, the AMOLED is super bright, and easy to read in sunlight. It will not disappoint. Even the standby screen (that shows the time when the phone is not in use) is relatively bright. I especially like this feature which really adds to the sophisticated look of the phone.Hardware: Everybody knows Nokia builds quality hardware, so I will not spend too much time on this. Call quality is good so far and the speakerphone is clear. The button placements are well thought out, especially the unlock slider. Slide to lock, slide to unlock. I use it a lot. And if you hold the slider for a few seconds, the camera flash LED turns on as a flashlight. Very useful. One complaint is there is a little slop in the slider. (Not what I expected from a Nokia phone.) The 8MP camera is good in bright environments, although for indoor shots, there is some noise. I am still not sure how I feel about fixed focus cameras, but I guess most of my shots are decent so far for a camera phone.Software: Symbian ^3 is a huge improvement from S60 in terms of "prettying up" the UI. The usability itself is still close to the pre-touch era. (E.g. why can I not swipe between call logs for missed calls, received, and dialed? Instead I have to press the tiny tab buttons on the top of the screen...) I have to admit, the 3 home screens are useful, especially with widgets that automatically update weather, sports scores, tweets, RSS feeds, etc. One thing I like about Symbian it is very customizable and I have access to all the settings. It may take a few button presses to get there, but I am OK with that. Also, nothing can beat the free Ovi maps. It has turn-by-turn navigation and traffic updates. It is fast, accurate, and FREE. The search feature also works quite well, which saves time when you only need to type in the name of the place instead of the full address. Lastly, Nokia is coming out with awesome apps from their Beta Labs. I use Situations to put my phone in silent mode during work hours, and Normal mode when I am at home (using my GPS position). And I am trying out Nokia Drop to push files to my phone.Cons/Quirks:1. The proximity sensor does not work dependably when I hold the phone over my hair. That caused a lot of disconnections in the first few days. I was about the send it back when I realized that the problem is gone if I place the phone directly on my ear (that is underneath my hair). This is a strange problem that I do not see in other phones (tested on an iPhone 4). I will live with it for now though, since it is not much of a bother for me.2. The phone can be a little sluggish at times. For example, when I turn the phone to type a message, it takes a few seconds for the screen to actually switch orientation. Or sometimes I have to turn the phone a couple times.3. Battery life can last 1 day with mid-to-heavy usage. I would like that to last a little longer.Closing thoughts:I know this review sounds like there is a lot wrong with the phone, but I am actually really happy with it. This phone is fun to use and a lot of the features are well though out. It has everything that I require from a smartphone. And I cannot stress how important the size is to me. The Symbian OS may be coming to an end, but I am OK riding it out with the C6-01 and waiting for what Nokia comes out with next.  Last thing: people with big hands might want to try the phone out before purchasing.

This phone is nice with all the good features. I was really impressed with screen quality and the fact that you can charge it while it is connected with the PC.However my one big disappointment is it's battery performance. It would not give me more than 36 hrs when on power saving mode with no application running and very minimal use. I have done 2-3 tests and every time it has give me anywhere between 32-36 hrs. Isn't that standby battery life. I just cannot imagine how Nokia can claim 17 days of standby battery life. I mean somebody should take them to court.Having said that I have checked that most so called "touch screen smart phones" have low battery life. But never thought it would be so low.Let me know guys if you are getting longer battery life. I am wondering if I have got a bad battery.

very nice phone. Came with 4gb memory card was shipped very quickly h a p p y 4 i t

I ordered this phone since I didnt want to be forced to buy a data plan from the service provider. This is a nice phone for the price... It can be slow at times...but  making calls and occasional text messages has not been a problem.However, because of its WiFi connectivity I use it extensively to check mails and other sites. The camera doesn't seem to be any great shakes.Note if you plan to use the GPS you definitely need to get higher capacity memory. The phone comes with a 4GB card but its almost filled with downloaded map dataOverall a good buy !!

I bought this phone against advice from friends who wanted me to buy an Android phone but after a month of use, I can say that I am very pleased with this phone. It is Nokia so the quality is good, the touch screen works very well battery is Ok and the web apps work very well.The best thing I like about this phone is the Camera, the 8 mega pixels get great results everytime. I am a bit of a photo enthusiast and its like having a great camera in your pocket all the time. I love the pictures I take and upload on Facebook with the camera and none of my friends can believe that the pics are taken through a phone cam.This is a great lil phone.

Is just amazing, its overall performance is great. Multitasking stability is good, handles great sms, im, gps aps running all together. Battery life ... well with all that running can be like 15 hours (some Bluetooth and short calls included). If you go the power saving way can last much longer (couple of days). Also for a quick start all that bases are covered with included apps there no need to install much. Swype is a must. Good audio output through headphone jack. For the screen is true that you can see it even under hot shinning sun.PS: This is with the Symbian Anna update, which delivers a great improvement.COSTA RICA: Funciona perfecto con la red 3G del ICE en cuanto a internet, mms, etc. asegurarse sea "US version"

I like this phone because it allows me to use only one phone for service both in the US and Internationally.  I can do this with this phone and sim cards.  It gives me fb feeds, not the best graphics but I don't really want to be 'tied' to my phone (I use my IPAD for that fb junk).  I also check my personal email but not my work through this phone.  Yahoo mail is to use but screen is small if you are used to big smart phone screens.  The first phone the speaker volume didn't work and it was maddening.  I did an exchange through Amazon and it could not have been easier.  I hope to use the camera which is equivalent to an iphone technology.UPDATE -the phone is now not working and it is only 5 months old-mechanical problem the technician tells me.  Since this is the second phone and it stopped working at 5 months I can no longer recommend it.

i buy the old c6-00 and is incredible for this price, i try this new model and looks so nice if you need something good in low price.. buy it...

This handset is very versatile, very complete, and did not hesitate to say that. This phone is very useful. It has nothing to envy to other smartphones. This Nolkia C6-01 has it all.

FIRST IMPRESSION:I have had the c6-01 for eight days.  This is a first impression.  I will write an addendum in about six months.My last cell phone was a Samsung Solstice.  I was very unhappy with this phone.  Seven out of the twelve menu icons called up the internet - usually on one of AT&T;'s sites.  I was constantly accidentally hitting one of these icons and getting unwanted data charges.I would basically use my phone to talk to people and to text.  Even though the keyboard was small, I could still compose a message but, it would drive me crazy a lot of times.  I would often type without looking at what I was typing until I had typed a whole lot of characters.  On the Solstice, you can't scroll back to a mistyped character without first erasing every correctly typed character after the one you wanted to correct.  This was particularly bad if I had mistyped a character at the beginning of the message and I was almost through.  I would have to basically start all over again.The camera was crummy too.  Photos were always "washed out" and lacked detail.There were other issues too that could have been easily fixed with a software update, but Samsung never issued an update for this particular phone.I spent some time looking for a phone that would correct all the problems I had with the Solstice.  Finally, I settled on the Nokia C6-01.  It solved all the issues I had with my old phone. The 8 Megapixel camera is superb.  The detail is more than what I expected.  The video is great.  It records in 720P.While the keyboard is small, it is a lot easier to type on and a lot less frustrating.The phone is completely customizable.  No longer will I accidently access the internet by having unwanted menu icons on the screen. The only time I can conceive of getting on the internet will be to video chat with my son in New Jersey.  The C6-01 has a front-facing camera and a back-facing one, and can connect to the internet.It is small - easy to fit in your pocket.I discovered another thing this phone can do.  I can connect it to my laptop computer and type a message using the laptop keyboard - a really good feature if you don't want to type on the phone's keyboard.UPDATED FEBRUARY 18THStill five stars.I've had five cell phones - The first being an analog one.  This one could very well be the best one I've had.  Firstly, the audio on calls is great.  It is really cool to be able to voice command the phone to turn Bluetooth on and off then send text messages with my computer keyboard.Since I purchased the phone, I upgraded the operating system to Nokia Belle.  It is awesome.  It is completely customizable with six home screens - not four like in the Amazon description.  I have tested out some of the features though I will probably use them infrequently.  I set the gps maps to guide me home wherever I'm at.  Very accurate directions are given for my return trip from work, though I'm told to take some side roads that I would not ordinarily take.  I suppose the gps maps feature will insure that I never get lost again.Another feature I think is really cool is the ringtones.  There are 96 tones to choose from and you can also use a song that you already have on your phone.Here are other features I haven't used yet, but they intrigue me.  One is the dictionary which will translate a word from another language to English.I have also download "Angry Birds" and a battery monitor program.I also like the fact that it uses a micro sd card.  I put in a 32 GB card.  I can always witch it for another if it gets filled.  I don't anticipate that.  I want to shoot some longer 720p videos that the included 4 Gb card does not afford.  I can transfer them to my computer and gain the space back on my phone memory card.If you are in the market for a smartphone, this one will not disappoint you.  It is a really good phone.  You can't beat the price, and, as one reviewer said, "it actually fits in your pocket".The description of the phone given by Amazon is inaccurate.  The new operating system makes much of the description obsolete.  Check out my picture under the black version. This is like the main homescreen.  I have just customized it with some of my own widgets and my own wallpaper

Before I made up my mind of buying the phone I read the rating. But it turned out too small for my hand ( I have size 5 on my wedding ring) . Also, I can not connect wi-fi at home or at anywhere. I called Nokia company and got transferred from one department to another but still can not connect Wi - Fi at all. The Ovi-map is easy to use but the phone is too small to see the map. And after 30 mins of using the map the phone got so hot that I have to turned it off.  Radio is working fine with the it's own ear phone. The message show codes and phone number but not the pics from my family.

This product is wonderfull for my wife.All your features are good.Thanks for the excellent services,and the quickly send

The Nokia C6-01 was my first full touch screen phone and it didn't last long (3 months to be exact).  The touch screen first got distorted then it went completely blank in 2 days.I had actually purchased that C6 to replace my old Nokia E71; but when the C6 failed I ended up going back to ole faithful (and the ole guy is still running without a glitch).If it's Nokia you are looking for, then I personally recommend that you try to find something like the E 71. But be sure to check the Amazon reviews carefully before you make your purchase.I hear that the existing successors to the E71 (E72 & E73) are not better than the E 71.I don't think there is anything that has come close to the E71 yet.  And I have been using Nokia for years now.In fact it would be perfect if we could get the E71 phone's firmware upgraded to the C6 level;  because the C6 has newer features such as improved voice recognition that allows you to specify whether you want to dial the contact's mobile, home, or business number etc.  While the E71 only allows you to dial the first number that appears in the contact's list.The E71 battery life far exceeds the C6; probably because it doesn't have to waste energy on a touch-screen!I am now going to have to return my new C6 to get it repaired or replaced under warrantee.  And then I will have to try to sell it to someone at a loss.And will continue to use my little ole faithful E71 until Nokia reads this comment and decides to give me an updated version; or at least a long overdue firmware upgrade.

It arrived in perfect condition and worked fine. It feels very nice, it has an excellent screen, great build and it's fairly easy to use (at least for Nokia users). I love the customizable home screens, I can access my favorites very quickly. I downloaded apps like Skype, Angry Birds and Waze, which work fine, althought I wish Skype would allow video calls. The only cons I would point out are that it comes pre loaded with lots of apps and maps that almost fill up the 4GB memory card, and the battery life is not impressive. But overall I love it!

I was looking for an unlocked phone for overseas travel (via locally purchased SIM card) and the Nokia C6-01 fit the bill.  Good value and compact, the C6-01 provides a GPS, web browser, phone, text, WiFi and mail...all work well, in the USA or abroad.  Although Nokia provides an app library, if you're a power iPhone app user, this phone is not for you.  Vendor delivered what was ordered and when they promised.

El nokia C6 01 se pudo actualizar al nuevo sistema operativo Nokia Belle, adem&aacute;s de tener un dise&ntilde;o peque&ntilde;o que me gusto mucho

This was a very good purchase! The cellphone has everything needed, the camera is absolutely HIGH QUALITY and the video... Nice as well!

Very nice phone, I am still learning how to fully utilize this phone. It is very heavy as the case is made of steel, but tough.

Nokia, is going to kill it's own product. This is a really nice phone and has a lot of nice features. For example: FM radio with RDBS, USB to PC and can file exchange using file explorer. MP3 player has good sound quality. OLED display great screen. Touch works good. Maps with traffic updates, text-to-speech...free. External storage. Lot of other great features.However, Nokia, is it's own worse enemy. If they are going to try Apple's approach then do it right. Apple has ONE single handset. Nokia lots...too many. This is going to be their main problem...they don't give enough attention to a single product like Apple and perfect that product. What Nokia does is create a product, put it on the market and see if it sells, if it does not, make another product. Support for the first product gets reduce or no support at all. So, Nokia...how often do you think we consumer are going to put up with this. Once, twice maybe...but if you keep changing your products and not support or perfect your exciting product, I/we are not going to buy your products in the future or support you.Next, issue. How to get accessories for your new handset. This is going to be their second tomb of death. Know that I have this nice product, how to I get accessories for it. Car cradle and a car charger, is probably the main things I/we want. You give a voice navigation, soooo, don't you think we want to use it in our car??? Hmmm...Nokia could give Apple and Andriod a real good run, if it just slows down and focus on the customer experience. Forget your share holders...

Muy bueno, al principio parece una pantalla peque&ntilde;a y para escribir es un poco dificil, pero al acostumbrarce me parece que es muy comodo, las fotos son buenas pero la grabacion en HD es muy buena recomiendo una memoria de 16G la grabacion ocupa muchop espasio, el telefono se siente muy bien, la bateria es buena pero esperaba que fuera mejor pero esta bien.

I bought this phone because that I have an ipad2 already, and I don't want to spend more money on a smart phones. The other reason is that I need a good camera with me so that I can catch some memorable moment in life. C6-01 did a good job as a camera, and for phone functions such as saving contacts and calling friends... no problem at all.The only thing I feel special is that, although this phone claims a nice touch screen, it doesn't really apply a sense of "touch". It's more like putting original dial pad on it when you need it(yes, no full keyboard), so you still have to use old ways of typing, 1 for abc and 2 for def... If you don't mind this not-so-smart logic with in it, this is a very nice phone.and btw, the camera sound can't be switched off, so that it may cause you some problem if you want to take pics in class

I am very happy with this phone, the description is accurate to the delivered product, only one thing, said to bring a memory of 2GB, but actually comes with a 4GB! Excellent! I can not complain about anything, the camera is nice; impeccable finish, very strong structure, no doubt a very high quality phone, for the people for Costa Rica this cell phone works 100% of the features offered by ICE. Symbian 3 is very good, fast and stable, we expect to see improvements with the upgrade to symbian anna, the OVI service is good, I found all the applications I needed and even more! I also love the maps! For its price is a cell with high features and NEVER NEVER find a phone with such high profiles at such low cost, one can say that the Nokia c6-01 is a high gamma cell phone, at the price of Gamma Medium-Low. I love this phone and would not trade it for anything, Nokia definitely has surpassed the quality with the mobile

I bought this phone because I like Nokia. It's okay but not the best. I was hoping to use my old Nokia headset and bluetooth. Headset wouldn't work anymore. As for the bluetooth, I can only connect the bluetooth using the phone to connect. If I automatically connect using the bluetooth, it constantly connect and disconnect. First I thought something with the phone but I think it's Nokia C6-01. Lately, the phone something freeze and I have to take the battery out and back in again. Overall, the phone is not bad but I wish I got one with Android instead of Symbian Belle. Also, I purchased Joiku software to use with the phone and it's not working. The software unable to start. I was able to do it with Nokia N82.

A great phone for a very cheap price. If you're looking for a cheap phone with the basic modern phone functionalities (enough for common user), this could be it.

Pros: The phone feels great. It's heavy, but that's because it's really solid construction. The navigation works well. There are more apps than expected in the OVI store.Cons: It's processor seems slower than other smart phones I've seen. It's also somewhat buggy and becomes unresponsive once or twice a day.I think I'm going to return it and get something else.

THIS CELL PHONE WAS AS A LIKE NEW AND I WHEN RECEIVED IT, IT WAS NEW. I REALLY LIKED IT

There is no workable browser for this phone. native browser has flash lite 4, but it doesn't work. Opera browser doesn't have flash even in theory. i didn't expect to have an android like experience (nexus s)but i expected a cumbersome browser with flash that works.Nokia and amazon lie in description of the phone, it doesn't support flash.The dimensions of the phone are perfect, but what's the point if it has functionality of a 10yr old phone.

I wanted to love this littel phone but it  had trouble from the beginning and got worse as the days went by.  The touchscreen was not responsive and I had to tap several times to get it to respond.  The WiFi kept turning itself off, I got terrible reception and calls kept dropping.  Sadly I had to send it back.  I considered getting another one, but I chose a Verizon phone instead in order to get better reception.

It is a great phone. Has a lot for its price! Fotos are great and videos also. Navigation is also included and with online search quiet helpful. The only thing I am really sick of is this buggy software. No improvements or updates since I have it (2years). Nokia just switched to lumia and windows 8 and does forget about this software versions, like any other company, even apple nowadays!!

Recieved phone on monday threw in garbage on firday. Do not waste your money please. I am out $ 200.00 No help from amazon or seller. This thing is junk please do not buy honest it is junk.

This is a great phone once you set it up to your liking.the camera is fantastic, it takes great pictures & videos, you can record low light by turning on the flash.I love the size too, it's inconspicuous in my pocket.Sadly the OVI store is seriously lacking and the apps that come with the phone aren't great. It works great with straight talk though. For a smart phone with an 8mp camera, you can't beat this price. if you want a phone with cool apps and games, skip this.

this phone has lots of features but a pain to get to them. the phone boast the ability to freeze the screen so when a call is in progress your face does not end, mute or disturb the call. ive had all that, my calls placed on hold, mute, hang up u name it. no option to pin lock the screen immediately, u have to wait 1 minute. Gps talks, but wont find all addresses. it also does not give an option to read the directions like other smartphones. no pattern lock for those who like patterns.its ok...and it way smaller than it appears. camera is ok. no back button in some apps.

Hi I bought this computer on June 15 and it worked without problems until November 20 and discard the packaging and the service technician told me that no repair, I can do to keep my money? I am in Caracas, Venezuela.

I bought this cell phone with a little bit doubt. But now I know I did a very good deal. The applications are fantastic, the GPS works great and the camera (photo and video) are amazing. I don't even use my Canon or my Sony Handycam anymore. The only very worst thing is the battery life.

El producto llego bien, es un buen equipo solo hubieran mejorado la parte de los accesorios ya que solo viene con lo b&aacute;sico. Saludos.

If you a looking for a mini smartphone with every feature you may ever need, I recommend this one.Positive: small, fantastic touch screen, very responsive and reasonably fast, easy to operate and customize, works flawlessly, battery life is not bad for a smartphone, it is very well made with quality materials, works anywhere in the GSM and 3G world, I couldn't find another one that covers all 3G bands at the same time!!!, free navigation, very good call quality, nice ringtones, feels like any other modern smartphone....and many otherNegative: a bit heavier, but for a small phone with stainless steel back and front glass, it is actually not a bad feeling when you hold it, feels solid; not very convenient to type long messages, but typing is fast if you used to it, the phone is very responsive and fast at typing; remember the screen is small, but so the phone, therefore if you like the size, shouldn't complain.Another great feature is that you can use it as a hotspot / wifi with joikuspot even with an AT&T; iPhone card without tethering plan, meaning saving some dollars for that feature. Also the phone has the necessary office features, opens most files, easy to sync with corporate Exchange server, the mail client is much improved compare to the S60 versions... It looks like any other smartphone.Overall, certainly Nokia knows how to make conveniently featured and well designed phone. It is sold at great price for the quality you get. Highly recommended.

I have used Nokia N97 for 2 yrs, and it's camera is 5 MP. I don't think the C6-01's camera is as discribed for 8 MP.... The quality of the pic doesn't as good as N97's..Good enough for the price.. :)

Clear. Best phone I have ever purchased. No disappointments. I keep learning about additional tools daily. Very happy. I love it.

this is really a nice phone.......it's small (not too small) and it's packed with features that will keep anyone happy for a long time to come. And with all the upgrades in the OVI store you can keep updating and upgrading to your heart's content.

This phone is everything that I needed. Fully internet ready and accessible. It also has a beautiful and handy, movable touch-screen. In spite of not having the trendy Andriod software the Nokia C-6 is still a true smart phone that delivers all the modern basics. That said, the price could not be better. One more thing...This really is a US phone with a US warranty which was very important to me.Thank you AmazonWirelessW2H1

So far so good!  This was to replace yet another dead phone for my teen son without signing up for a two-year agreement anywhere. We use this on AT&T;, just took the SIM out of the old phone and put it in this one.  He loves it!  He does not have a data plan, but he can use wifi anywhere, so we save a ton that way.  It took us a few months of small data charges to figure out how to turn off the data completely (there were a few settings we had to tweak), but it was worth it not to pay that much more per month for a data plan.  So anywhere you can use wifi, you can get email, facebook, etc.  Perfect for a teenager.  Heck it would probably work for me, too, though I'm spoiled with having email and internet everywhere regardless of wifi so I'm not sure I could give that up.I'm an iPhone addict myself, but I have to say, the operating system on this Nokia is pretty nice.  It was very easy to set up kiddo's email and Facebook, and web pages look ok...not as good as they do on my iPhone, but still ok.  He hasn't had any real issues with the phone.  If you can get this for a good price go for it!

I loved this phone when I bought it, it was great, easy to use and had all the things I needed. It was good enough that I actually felt it compensated for its small screen. That was until it went off on me and won't come back on regardless of whatever I did. This was a waste of $120 I could have spent on something better. Totally do not recommend

Este Nokia es un tel&eacute;fono hermoso y muy funcional. La pantalla t&aacute;ctil es de muy buena calidad y la sensibilidad es alta. Lo que mas me gusta es la c&aacute;mara de 8MP que me da fotos geniales desde mi cel!!!... en cuanto a redes sociales funciona perfectamente, se configura autom&aacute;ticamente y tiene todas las ventajas Nokia. LO RECOMIENDO 100%.

The product came as described. I have never used a Nokia operating system before so some elements take a little head-scratching to figure out. The phone body is metal so it is heavier than expected. But I have dropped it a bunch and the phone has nary a mark.

Love the phone! It works great and came sealed and brand new in the box. The only issue I have for it - it's a bit small. I would suggest smaller hands use this phone. I'm a 30 yr old guy with somewhat &#34;normal&#34; size fingers and I always seem to have typo's when I'm sending msg's.

Overall I love this phone.Pros: A SMARTPHONE WITH NO DATA PLAN REQUIRED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! That saves me $360 dollars a year ! ! ! !Little enough to fit in your pocketBeautiful and well made it's a nokiaBelle is a must update!Cons: It took 3 phones to get a good oneAll 3 will NOT stay connected to WiFi unless an app/program is using it. I can live with it but it is a defect/malfunction according to NokiaIf you get a 32GB micro-SD memory card DO NOT get a cheap one, Because card readers and the phone have a HARD time functioning consistently and properly with high capacity cards.A lot of apps in the OVI store, But most are foreign. Needs more US apps. You would thank the big companies would make apps for Nokia Symbian OS phones or Nokia would port ios or android apps to work with their OS.

Nice phone  works well no problems the 720 video recording is very nice if you want better you have to go  Droid !!!

Updated on 05/28/2013.Still going strong, however the latest upgrade to Nokia Belle made it less responsive to touches and in general more buggy.Latest navigation update added a pedestrian mode. navigation itself could be a bit quirky - some suggestions are downright dangerous likemaking turns where it is physically impossible. Also the new browser does not have an option to remove the status bar at the bottom thateats into already small page space.Recently was running car navigation and listening to the Internet radio streaming at the same time - all on 340MB of RAM - impressive!Also I can view 720P movies shut on my GoPro camera via OTG cable with USB flash reader. Pretty cool!Will take a look at Lumia 620 next. It also has worldwide navigation with free map upgrades.End of Updated on 05/28/2013.First, the negatives.1) Reboots a lot. While searching for the GPS location, playing MP3s, running the custom application I wrote for the Symbian OS - NOT ANYMORE - see below2) Limited applications availability. Only one music player that came with the phone, no player that plays by folder so the music has to be tagged/organized3) Browser experience is sub-par4) Cumbersome navigation. Read the manual!4) Nokia OVI store on the phone stopped working after I swapped the supplied 4GB micro-SD card for a 16GB one - NEWEST UPDATE FIXED THE ISSUE - see below5) Nokia app for the computer is not very intuitiveNow the positives that BY FAR outweigh the negatives, mostly what was not mentioned by the others1) High quality body/screen2) Excellent voice quality3) Sensitive wi-fi radio4) Works perfectly as a standalone GPS with the maps of the whole world available for download. Maps of Europe are superior to Google's. last year in Croatia Google was forcing me to take the ferry since supposedly it was no road available. Nokia maps got it right.5) Availability of cheap GENUINE Nokia accessories on the famous auction site and various Chinese outfits on the WEB. You can get an outstanding car holder for peanuts as well as some basic covers and extra battery with charger that works with the supplied with the phone proprietary power cable.6) With a dirt-cheap (see above) OTG cable you can connect a USB flash drive as an external memory to the phone and it will be treated like an internal memory or an inserted micro-SD card7) Skype works perfectly over wi-fi and 3G8) GSM coverage EVERYWHERE in the world9) Good still/video camera10) Small. No damage to vital organs when kept in the pocket.Suggestion: make sure that USB cables you buy are for Nokia, generic ones might not work. OTG cable model number:  CA-157, GPS holder: CR-114 or CR-115.Also do not buy into Symbian 'obsolescence' myth. NOTHING in Android realm can touch this phone for the price. Android has more apps and seamless download but this phone will do everything you need in a small form factor. Highly recommended.Update on 09/28/2011.Go to [...] and download Store QML client. It updates Ovi store functionality on your phone. Works perfectly!Update on 10/29/2011.Installed a new version of software (prompted by Nokia itself on the phone). Rebooting seems to be fixed, at least partially.Update 0n  11/26/2011New OS update solved the rebooting issue - have not had it once! Also GPS fix now is very fast. Ovi store now works seamlessly-I download and install apps while riding on a train.Recommended!

I still use this phone , but I do think its too small of a screen, big fingers  cause errors ect, but it does everything I want just takes some time to do things that require touch screen, yes you can zoom, but everything????

+: Great camera and video, well made, looks nice but too small and inconvenient for a smart phone, poor balanced touch screen controlGPS is not so good gives u a big error and keeps loosing the satellites, OVI maps also look oldSymbian is way too primitive, really. Makes the device useless. I lost it, but I would rather buy a good camera, GPS and some cheap android for the same money.

This phone has proven to be worth every penny i spent for it. Awesome features. For the proce point, it is really a steal.THe camera and flash is awesome.Processor is not sluggish as some suggest. It may take a second on the initial startup to load, but that is very acceptable.Swype is awesome to use on this phone.Screen is clear and vivid.The application built in are a joy to use.Offline maps are a boon, and prehaps the best feature of this phone. so is the inbuilt app for local bustransport routes.Simply amazing and loving this phone every bit.

EXCELLENT CELL PHONE, SOLID, VERY GOOD FINISHED, AMAZING CAMERA AND SOUND,THE SCREEN RESPONDS VERY WELL TO THE TACT AND I CAN DO ALL THE FUNCTIONS WITH EASINESS

This product stopped working 8 months after I bought it. I did not get what I was expecting to get from this phone.

I bought this phone by looking at its specs however when I got this, It was too small, especially the size of the screen.

Currently this phone is not working as good as it should. It is constantly going off and coming back on. I am having problems at different intervals.

Had to return as the phone as the software kept crashing even after updating operating system software. Good concept,but poor execution, Nokia.

After working well for a month the phone is no signal, does not recognize the simcard. I did an update and restart but does not work. I hope to fix the situation. If anyone has any comments to help me. thanks in advance

Nokia, as usual, didnt let me down by highly performed phone c6-01...Easy to use....many things to discover and incredible camera quality...And now I am planning to buy one more for my bro.

I don't usually write product reviews, but this scam is important for you, human being pals, to know.NOTE: If you are expecting to only be able to do calls and send sms, and you are happy with that, then this post is not for you.This post is for the people who believes this thing can replace an iphone, android, or soThe quality of the product in the outside is good, if not excellent, just as you would expect. If you see it at a store, you probably want it.The AMOLED display is just quite different so you will notice its vivid colors to be apart from usual LCDs, and it has good resolution.But...The software is the worst part of all. Nokia is unable to deliver good quality software. The so called Symbian (Anna, or v60, or whatever you want) are terrible pieces of code poorly written, in every aspect.Sumarizing, buying this, also includes (not listed above):- Random restarts (I've never saw my iPhone restart while doing anything...at most, the apps itself crashed...but even that wasn't often).- Unnoticed moments when you in fact can't make (and perhaps receive) calls. I won't go deeper, but I was very surprised to see that I wasn't able to call, and all my friends around me were able to do so. I had to restart the phone in order to solve this, so this is CLEARLY phone issue, not network issue (so don't argue in favor of Nokia).- Music player can't go beyond many songs when playing. It just crashes before you end up listenning to music, with an included restart (yes, everything that was open, goes to hell).Besides, you need to be somehow enthusiast about resetting your phone every once in a while.The first time was because (Ok, my fault) I mistakenly entered my Nokia account password. After that, an "invisible app to the user" in behalf of various nokia services (maps, store, social, exchange) was attemping to connect, but with wrong credentials, the only thing it was doing was to drain my battery cellphone. The workaround while I thougth I would find a solution, was to check my phone constantly for that app, and then close it.Ok, reset the phone!. Next, The music library wasn't able to load music correctly. No more than 800 songs or so. Ok. formatted microSD, phone internal memory, erase every trace of it in my Macbook, reset, and then restore music. Fine, it finally looks ok.But guess what? Now, suddenly, my installed apps manager is not able to show all of them. I cannot install apps from ovi store nor .sis files anymore. Ok, at this point you should be an expert in the resetting business: Format microSD, format internal, *#7370#, connect to WLAN, connect to ovi store, redonwload everything. Download maps, set voice assisted driving GPS. change positioning server from nokia to google (as their also-bad-written-code-for-positioning server takes forever to know where you are). Setup emails, Facebook, twitter, foursquare, re-sync contacts, re-sync music, photos. Go to camera, set maximum quality for pictures (why would I want to save pictures of 6 MP if the produced 8M pictures are 600 kb in size? Nowadays, that quantity is nothing). Set profiles, tones, screensaver to nothing....etc Done. Now what!!??? My "smart"phone is slow as hell. Ok, one reset more. Oh and by the way syncing music is a pain. Because the also-bad-written nokia multimedia manager is not smart (because the phone is the one that should be), and then uploads your songs, within nice folders ordered by artists and albums. But guess what? To open them, the phone needs to build a database...and to build it, it needs to read the WHOLE Sounds folder. Why in hell is not the desktop manager able to build this database while uploading files and at the end upload this database? It takes forever to sync music, and after that the "Refresh library" step takes another eternity. If you add a new song...be prepared, because your "smart"phone needs to scan all the Sounds folder again. It makes sense, because the phone doesn't know where the file was uploaded, nor the artist, nor nothing. So scan everything....right? So idiot approach...Really, really, really, please don't buy this as it's poorly designed software will make you hate this thing.Pre-answers:"It is meant only for social things." Yes, but the preinstalled nokia social apps is crap. You will need to get/buy better apps. And guess what? Since Nokia didn't came up with push notifications, you need to have all your social apps open and connected (if this is your case, not mine), draining your battery."You can't expect a perfect OS. Even other brands has faults". Yes, but what about support? All you will find on internet is a bunch of another users asking for help in Nokia forums. Seriously, the support page only has obvious FAQs, and a forum. Nothing else. Just do a quick google for the problems I've had: "SSO nokia application" "uninstall SSOUI nokia" "refresh library not working nokia" "cannot install apps nokia" "unable to install apps nokia" (you'll find some unsolved posts from 2006!!). This is the proof that I'm not lying to you.Plus:-To capacitive touch sensor is not as precise as other phones. Be prepared to tap accidentally on things, since your thumb, which can't go anywhere while holding your phone, will cause this.-Hardware buttons can't be used while the phone is soft-locked. Seriously, why do I have 5 buttons in this thing if I can't even change to the next song while the phone is locked?? I had to buy an app for that....shame on me.-User interface loves to appear quick questions while anothers appear, so you will answer something to some question.-Downloads from web browser are automatic, if you clic on something that downloads anything, it will start automatically.-If you use earphones to listen to music, and change phone to silent, you won't hear any notification of calls, sms, etc. OK, thats abvious, profile name is silent. If you change it to general, then the sound goes to earphones and "smart"phone speaker. So, its your choice, everything or nothing.-If you don't upgrade to Symbian Anna, be prepared for buggy wlan connections (the settings say it wouldn't connect, but it will). With Anna, you reduce this weird thing to almost 0 (but not 0).-You will have to upgrade to Anna. Everything I said happens on Anna. The previous version looks like a Beta compared to Anna. And Anna looks like a Beta compared to anything. Picture that...-There are a lot of minor stupidities that you only say "I couldn't expect less than that".I would return this, but unfortunately I can't as it came in a carrier plan.Anyone who wants to discuss this, be my guess. There is a quote in software development that says:"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot- proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning." Whether apple and google had already beaten the universe and their software is idiot-proof (including me), or Nokia can't win the universe. Of these options, I think there is a third one: Nokia is the idiot itself, not the users.One more: no wifi turn-off option.

i am using this phone for over a year now, and it works perfectly; althoung the web browser is a little bit slow but the metal cas has resisted a lot of crashes falling down to the floor

I bought this phone as nokia has good reputation on battery back up, this phone doesn't have that and has speaker problems.

it was really a best deal !!! it was really a best deal !!! it was really a best deal !!!

Absolutely fantastic so far. I have always been a big fan of Nokia. After all these years losing smartphone market, I'm still a firm believer of the Nokia phone. Always so easy to use, works right out of the box. Certainly recommend. Bought it with lightening deal, if I see it again, I will buy another one for my wife.

This is an amazing smart phone with a comprehensive feature set that fits in the palm of your hand. I couldn't be more pleased with this purchase.

I purchased the Nokia C6-01 because I was having trouble with my dumb phone,I don't need or want a data plan so I called my provider and they said that I didn't need one for this Smart phone.What a great purchase,I now have an 8 megpic camera with dual flash,wi-fi,and a very customizable phone with good call quality and easy to use os, also ovi maps works great without a data connection.I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants smartphone features without the pricey data plan.

The phone is great for people who want something like an i phone but dont actually want to spend that much..It has all the gr8 features u need.. 32gb support, 3G support even 3.5G on some networks..If you want ti know more about its tech specs take a look here : [...]It also has the new power saving mode and runs on Symbian^3 OS which is the same for N8 and the new Nokia models...NOKIA users will love this phone ....

I bought this phone as a replacement for my aging iPhone 3G, since I did not wanted to sign a new agreement with my mobile carrier.  Although it took me some hours to fully understand the phone (this being my first experience with Symbian), after almost two weeks with the Nokia C6-01, I can say I am satisfied with it.There are several things that I enjoy from this phone: the video player is excellent, good voice sound quality, fast connectivity speeds with AT&T.;  I am not very enthused with its tiny keyboard (I have small hands and I frequently touch the wrong key)and its paltry selection of apps.  Sure, there are a couple of free apps, but it can not be compared to the ample selection of the App Store or Android Marketplace.  Yet if you use your phone mainly for voice calls, text messaging, some games and occasional web browsing, this is a good phone.A word of caution: this is a small mobile phone.  If you have big hands I would hesitate to recommend it to you.

The phone is good but i do not like the battery. My order was a metallic battery but what was packed was an ordinary battery that i charge everyday. Kindly, consider replacing for me the battery because i am disgusted with charging everyday.[[ASIN:B0046RE9CS Nokia C6-01 Unlocked GSM Phone with 8 MP Camera, 720p Video Recording, and Ovi Maps Navigation--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)]

my question is, this phone work in 3g in my country, i live in Costa Rica, here the only and inefficient operator ICE don^t admit some phones, the band is 850 in 3g, this work really?thanks

The reason I did not give it a 5 star is the touch screen does not always work right away and you have to do it a couple of times before it works. Camera works great and movie camera also.battery life is ok,allot better than my last phone. The support is also very good and answered all questions.You can not download smart phone Apps only Nokia apps. I would recommend this phone.

Before buying this phone I did some research; decided on a Nokia C6-01 because price was right, it had most of the features I was looking for and it looked great. I'm really happy I bought it, this is just an excellent phone with lots of good things to like: it's fast, Nokia HW quality, good battery life (can't expect a lot more if I browse the Internet, listen to music and play a lot with it... ;-)  ), granted ovi store does not have as many apps as android but it's actually ok, call quality is excellent, the screen is unbelievable, very clear both outdoors and indoors; 8MP camera.... It feels solid in your hand, like it will last forever; and again, it just looks great!!Highly recommended.

Phone did not work well for me, but I am not sure if that was because of my carrier T-Mobile.  I returned the phone mostly because of the screen size. My fingers are way too big to efficiently use the small screen, which was otherwise quite clear and crisp.

Navigation could be little better. I'm using simple mobile with this phone...3g speeds not great but good, good enough so.....

Is the best phone I had so far. Is not an i phone, but you can do as well mostly the same things. The only things I miss are the autofocus for the camera (good pics anyway) and a version of Skype for Symbian^3 that allows to make video calls (so far is just possible to make calls through Skype).The dimension is perfect, I can do almost everything with one hand.I am getting used to the "swipe" writing technology and is fast and comfortable.I like the free maps and the possiblity to use ovi maps as a gps without using any network (at the beginning takes a while to find me, but then works like any Tom Tom or Garmin, but for free on your phone)Too bad that Nokia is kind of excluded from USA market and also the Symbian apps are not so many as the android and apple.In conclusion a great phone for who doesn't want to spend too much and doesn't want to renounce to anything.

I ordered a used one, but i got a brand new then i wondered, but when i use it few days i realize tht the phone is a effected one, data cable port is not working at all with any of cable, i have to use a bluetooth for date transfer. the size and speed is awesome, but my phone auto restarted few times, then I reset to the factory settings and updated the software,  the camera is 8mp but no auto focus, cant take pictures of small letters, but nice for normal photo shoot  ,  if u got a brand new phone, then this phone will be work fine, I still like the phone.

Excelente Celular por Mucho menos que un IphoneVideo HD, Fotos muy buenas con luz normal.La bateria dura lo normal para un celular de estos.Wi fi mejora la se&ntilde;al con respecto al nokia 5800mas rapidoel &uacute;nico problema es que  es dif&iacute;cil para CHAT ya que el touch nada que me acostumbro despues de 15 dias con el.

Nice, compact phone fits nicely in the pocket.  Lots of features including FM radio (use headphones as antenna). FREE maps and GPS. 8 MP camera, yeah, but numbers alone are practically meaningless. The 8MP camera my wife has on her Nokia 900 is far superior in the quality of the pictures.  OS is something like &#34;Symbian&#34; and is difficult to use. Slow response. Too many times the button senses the touch (lights up) but nothing happens after that. Not very intuitive.  Nokia Suite is nice for backup and restore operations using your computer. The model I got is too controlling in what it allows you to delete from the phone. Nice video.

Worth every PENNY! I have noticed a lot of comments coming from Columbia, Brazil and Venezuela, but non from my country. Well let me start with the basics. Size, perfect for an average height person with an average hand size. Camera is SUPERB! Phone quality extremely satisfying and detailed. The photo does not do it justice! I actually looked up videos on YouTube before buying it. BTW This phone worked perfectly well in BELIZE! :) Durable, sustainable and reliable.

good phone, not as fast as other phones due to its processor...but it holds its own. I am not an afficionado of large, bulky phones and this was well within my price range.

I bought this phon without high expectations.Let me tell you i'm totally amazed!In a few words, is like a little Nokia N8 (without superb camera), a little smaller screen, with an excellent price!If you want to change from your NOkia 5800, X6 or other Nokia without spending too much money, this is your phone!Excellent speed processor, very fast locking time for GPS, screen visibility is optimal!Comparing battery life (1050 mAh) against other phones is the only thing to care about, monitoring it. I also have a Nokia E72 and battery life of E72 is totally amazing!So, if you are a hard text writer, touch screen phone like this won't be your option, but for a common use, and regular users, this is the best option of price/performance !Are you a hard text writer with a Nokia E72, and want a bigger screen, go for Nokia E7!Or like me, as an owner of Nokia E72, a hard text writer, i'll wait for Nokia E6, since will have Symbian ^3, a great processor, and a qwerty keyboard.Good luck with your Nokia C6-01!

1. The camera is great. Even the videos look great on HD TV.2. Integrated GPS, with free worldwide map. You can pick from several languages / voices for the navigation. Very nice!3. Very decent reception.4. Social networking software very buggy - Wi-Fi sometimes requires you to turn the phone off and on to connect. Facebook used to work, not any more.If you are looking for a decent camera phone, this one is hard to beat.

This is good mobile phone and it is working all over the world. It is compatible with all the networks

I got exactly what they advertised and in a timely fashin.  No complaints here and I would buy from them again.  Good Job.

I got the unlocked Nokia C6-01 because it's alleged to be a smartphone with pentaband capability that can work both in the U.S. and overseas.  For basic cell phone usage, the phone does work.  I have been able to use it overseas and in the U.S. as a basic cell phone without any problem.  Where the phone fails though is as a smartphone.Bootup is excruciatingly slow.  It takes so long for anything to appear on the screen that I often (needlessly) press and hold the power button because I'm never sure that I actually turned the phone on.The phone also randomly reboots itself.  I've had it reboot during websurfing.  I've had it reboot while checking the Ovi application store.  It randomly reboots when listening to MP3 songs.  It reboots when looking at text messages.  Every reboot is annoying, and it's made worse by the slow bootup (see previous paragraph).The Ovi application store is a joke.  First, there's hardly any applications there compared to Android or Apple.  And when using the Ovi store application from the phone, it's impossible to tell if the application is truly compatible with the Symbian 3 operating system used by this phone.  It is entirely possible to download a non-compatible application, unless you carefully read all the reviews to find someone who downloaded the app and has this same phone.I could live with that, except that the screen isn't responsive, so I find myself tapping the screen and nothing happening to get to the review link...and the same thing is true for web pages, icons, etc.  The phone is slow and often unresponsive to touches.Installation of apps...requires a reboot.  At least I think it require a reboot, because everytime I install an app, the phone reboots.Bottom-line:  I happen to use and/or own an Android phone and a Blackberry phone, as well as previously owning Palm phones.  All of those phones are more responsive, have better applications, and better operating systems.  This phone is only good for being able to carry around the world and make a phone call.  Other than that, you should skip this phone, because it's a terrible smartphone.

This is the fifth Nokia phone and the fourth Nokia Smartphone that I have owned. I have favored them for almost 14 years now. I have not been on a cell phone contract for over eight years, so I just buy the phones I want (all Nokia) & change the SIM card. I have liked them for their simplicity, their many features and their ease of use. When I first opened the box for this Nokia C6-01, and after charging and some initial setup procedures, I did what I have always done. I "synched" it with my Microsoft Outlook. It's a real easy procedure. I always use the Nokia software. They have had Nokia PC Suite and now they also have Ovi. I have done this for over ten years now. It's pretty basic stuff.This time, however, from the time the sync was complete, I began to get messages: "Memory Full. Close some applications and try again." These were mostly when trying to use the Calendar, but it also happened for Contacts and for other things and at other times. I cannot tell you how many factory resets I did, and repeated this process, before I went online looking for a solution. None of it worked, and I am usually able to get to the bottom of technical problems.The Nokia C6-01 phone has an extraordinary amount of memory compared to others, so I do not know what was happening. I had not yet run or installed any other apps. Something "it" was doing must have been grabbing the memory-the sign of a nice "bug." There is a selection to see what Apps are running, but none would show up except "Menu.""Google-ing" the above message brought up a host of different Nokia phones that were having the same problem besides the Nokia C6-01. It was not a new problem. Just Google the message yourself and you will see. Obviously, this has been a problem for some time. I am figuring that it is something that is imbedded in the Symbian Operating System, or some other internal problem. I am surprised that Nokia has let this go on so long and spread to so many other phone models. This may be at least one reason that explains why Nokia sales are down, while people wait for it to move to the Microsoft Phone 7 platform.I tried to follow the recommendations that were suggested in the various forums. However, not one worked. I must have started from the beginning, again setting the phone back to factory values at least a dozen times, but to no avail. So, I gave up. So did my loyalty to Nokia since 1998. I cannot spend any more time with it. I wasted more than 12 hours on this.So, this is the last Nokia phone that I will buy at least for now. This one, however, is going back to Amazon for a refund. I must do the research now and find a comparable phone from another manufacturer. My loyalty to Nokia has kept me out of touch. So far, a few of the SamsungsSamsung I9000 Galaxy S Unlocked GSM Smart Phone with 5 MP Camera, Android OS, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, GPS and MicroSD Slot - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black(the only brand for which Windows Phone accepts a MicroSD card-although you have to "marry" it to the phone-see specs!) and several HTC models like theHTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Blackhave caught my eye.Update: Still, after more research, I found myself wanting a Nokia. For someone who favored them for so long, it just seemed like a no-brainer. Reviews all tell the story of Nokia loyalty. Anyway, hands down the E71 probably will go down as Nokia's best or favorite phone. In spite of that, after all of the above, I was attracted to the E72 which had high reviews and had improvements over the E71, in spite of what was said by the extreme E71 loyalists. And for the price that "BLINQ" was offering for "Open Box" models on Amazon,Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation -- U.S. Version with Full Warranty (Zodium Black), and in spite of what I said above about Nokia, forgetting about the touchscreen and other gimmicks and concentrating on what I really needed, I thought I would take one more chance.I bought one. I love it. However, I had the same problem with it too. You can read my review for this there. I found a solution that will probably work for this phone too. I feel a little stupid that my Outlook file might have been the culprit, but there was so little troubleshooting help, I thought I was doing the best I could do.So, in fairness, I am raising the rating from 1-star to 4-stars!

Good price, good phone, good camera, good system, for the only thing I could complain is its size, it is a challenge to write a sms having big fingers.

I am a die-hard Nokia fan!I have had this phone for 1 week now and it is already acting up. It freezes and restarts on its own. Right now, I can't even get past the opening screen.Not sure if I got a lemon or what, but I will update this review with the response from Amazon and/or Nokia.

La verdad un excelente tel&eacute;fono satisface todas mis expectativas se los recomiendo 100 % y amazon muy r&aacute;pido en entregarlo en su destino.

The owner's manual is junk. So is the "user guide." Know that before you buy this product. In a misguided effort to be green they neglected to include basic information like how to make it change from a numerical to an alphabetical screen.  Or what to do if the sim card is not recognized. Or how to adjust light settings so you can SEE who is calling you.

If you are a fan of Nokia phones and interested in a touch phone, this phone is perfect for you!

For me this is a very good cell phone but it only supports three languages which limits its support to write or receive messages (SMS - Emails - Etc..).

I was looking for a long time the best phone at an affordable price. So I found the Nokia C6-01. The phone looks great, the screen is one of the best that have Nokia (Amoled, 640x360, Clear Black Display, scratch resistant), its size is ideal for not disturbing in the pockets and the amount of games and apps you can get are not as many as in Ios or Android but they are enough. Even at this price in any mobile phone function as well the HD games.Most importantly, now with the update Symbian Anna, the cellular flies. Before the upgrade, the phone had several difficulty with Symbian 3, but this has change. Even improvements have Belle. A goal for Nokia.

I bought as a gift to my daughter and she loved it. It was excellent phone with many applications. Also you downloads many applications for free. The music player was great as well as the navigator system. However, after one week, the phone could not turn on, and I called the Nokia customer service and suggested to return it back. I returned and I am not sure where is the problem.

Llevo un mes con este telefono, y aunque al principio tarde en entender su uso, me doy cuenta que es tan sencillo de usar como cualquier otro telefono. Como yo venia de usar un nokia e63 queria pasar a un "smart phone" con pantalla tactil, pero queria permanecer en Nokia. Y bueno el telefono funciona bien, las aplicaciones funcionan bien, los juegos funcionan bien. Es un buen telefono para empezar a utilizar los telefonos estilo iphone.Los contras:1. La pantalla horizontal: cuando quiero escribir en la pantalla horizontal muchas veces tarda mas de lo que quisiera para que el telefono entienda que gire la pantalla.. y muchas veces el telefono ni sabe, asi que tengo que darle unas sacudidas para que entienda.2. La bater&iacute;a, aunque dicen que pod&iacute;a durar como 4 d&iacute;as, la m&iacute;a, al final del d&iacute;a, ya tiene 2 o 3 rayitas. Y es uqe el telefono pasa buscando como conectarse a internet, asi que hay que desactivar el escaneo wi-fi automatico, activar una opcion que dice algo de widgets en modo desconectado, desactivar el bluetooth, y no jugar mucho.. tal vez asi dure 2 dias.3. La c&aacute;mara, 8 mega pixeles y todo eso, pero todav&iacute;a sigue siendo una c&aacute;mara mediocre de celular. He visto fotos en black berrys o iphones, y esas c&aacute;maras son mucho mejores. Ademas esta no tiene autofocus, as&iacute; que muchas fotos, la mayor&iacute;a, saldr&aacute;n borrosas.4. Los mensajes de texto: escribir en la pantalla t&aacute;ctil es un dolor de cabeza. En mi viejo e63 escrib&iacute;a a buena velocidad. Aqu&iacute; es muy complicado, y es muy dif&iacute;cil presionar la tecla que uno quiere. Lo bueno es que tiene el sistema de autocompletar que es relativamente inteligente.

El c6-01 es un excelente equipo, compacto y elegante. Todas las funciones son de gran ayuda para la organizacion en las actividades cotidianas. El tener un equipo como &eacute;ste hace mas facil el estar conectado.

The camera does not work as well as I expected. Its good for outdoor pictures (sorta). It is terrible for indoor picture. the color is completely off.

The screen is very shining, and phone voice is clear, the GPS navigation is accurate, the camera takes great pictures and videos, and most important is that the phone has sensor to lock up the touch screen when you are on phone conversation. This would prevent the call from being accidently hung up. By the way, the Wi-Fi reception is also great and I can use the Wi-Fi to get online and browse the Internet (though I don't do it often because of the size of screen).Overall, this is a great phone!

I used this phone for a couple month and started to having a system problem, i mean its rebooting itself, when i'm talking on the phone its rebooting again, its annoying and its freezes often so it gave me a big headache and i decided to stop this phone and had to buy another phone. This phone has nice design and small comfortable but not a good quality i wouldn't recommend this phone.

I would never recommend this phone to anyone!  It's not user friendly and crashes all the time.  I got this phone for the camera and now the video camera doesn't work and the pictures don't even turn out when I print them and I know it's not me because I'll take picts on my friends iphone and they turn out perfect...

it wasn'what i expected compare to my c7 it was slower and i had to tap on it several time to write something, and it needed a memory card to access some features.

Absolutely stunning unlocked cellphone for this price, about 220$.It is for people who do not really need to use a facebook every second, but want to have some nice, solid build, easy to work with phone.Yeah, if you have long nails, or huge fingers, do not buy this one. :))

i just received the package from amazon,the phone not working properly even unable to open menu.i return it next day.not a good phone to buy.

The phone is great. It has a great camera for video and still photos, you can download any video ans songs FREE and many others. The only con is the size of keys for writing  in the Iphone you have to pay for everything. I keep this cle for getting free videos and songs.

The product came to me better than advertised, and with a grant facing camera that not even Nokia advertised for the phone. However I would have liked to have known that the included 4gb sd card has almost no space on it thanks to Ovi maps being installed on it. All the screen on it is a little small for my hands, but you get used to it, also Have get to find a way to turn off the stupid adaptive search that sometimes tries to change my words on me. However having said all that bad stuff about the phone, it is a great phone overall, it has great reception, and a good browser in fact I have months review on the phone itself. The homescreens are easily customizable, and last the metal back gives this phone a good solid weight and feel, unfortunately some peoples hands may get tired during long conversations. However I personally love this phone and recommend this phone to anyone without large hands.

Its OK but not its not an iPhone.  I looked at the reviews and the features and the price and figured I would save myself $430.  Made sense at the time.  For the record I received an iTouch two years ago.  I hated anyting to do with the "i" company at the time.  Within 3 hours I had the device aced.  I could not believe the quality and the ease of operation.  Totally idiot proof. IMHO.Well I am now into my third week of head scratching with my Nokia.  Yes its smaller which I liked, it has good sound quality, it works with Skype sometimes (but sucks battery power), I was able to get the email configured eventually, it does run Flash, the camera is great, The keyboard system is not unlike any cell phone so its a pain.  No querty available.  It constantly tries to hook to the cell internet and will not use my wi-fi for many of its functions even when totally connected?  Lets just say its a neat little cell phone with some great features but do I wish I had bit the bullet and spent the extra $$$? YEP I sure do. Think real hard as the OS is not widely supported with apps either.Oct 7th. Update - OK - after calling Plantronics I was able to pair my headset and that actually works perfect.  I am not ready to give itanother star as yet but it is pretty good value.  Would have preferred android OS as the Symbian appears to be a bit of an orphan.July 2012 UPDATE.  Said to hell with it and picked up and iPhone.  Returned it to the store one week later.  Now that I am used to this little gem I found the iClunker heavy and chunky.  Yes it was smoother and did work very nicely but the price difference is way out of line. Now that I have really played with both side by side I am happy with my Nokia.  Hope this helps someone.

Hello I am Gilberto, I'm from Guatemala, I have three years of buying from Amazon and never had any problems with defective items.I received this phone on Friday, September 7, and when you try to charge the battery, it did not work, I tried another battery and did not work well so I realized that what is the cell is damaged. simply does not get loaded.I am very angry with this situation, so I will not ask, because we qualify as evil.the phone will not start, and I get too expensive to send it back to the U.S. because I have to pay shipping costs more than I charge tax again. I already pay an additional $ 25 shipping to Guatemala, and I will not pay a penny more.

I bought this phone 3 weeks ago - but what surprise me - very short battery life. I used very old one Nokia for 3 years and it could work more than 3 days. That one -less than a day even if I don't use it of talk less than 20 minutes and don't use internet. Probably will try to return it.

This phone has many problems, was constantly out of service, the screen is locked, if you spend more than ten minutes talking about the phone is turned off. I believe the team that sold me was broken and I would like to know how that I can report.

I have to add my two-cents worth to the other glowing reviews for this phone.  I just received it yesterday and I am very happy with it.  Very solid and expensive looking with a great (AMOLED I think) display.  I am particularly impressed that the steel back cover is so rigid - yet the phone isn't too heavy.  Call quality is good and it was a cinch to import the contacts from my Nokia E71.  The screen is (finally!) glass - I had an N97-Mini for a couple of months and I did not care for the resistive-touch and plastic screen.  To me, it is a little small for comfortable e-mail reading - and I would say that it is too small for surfing the internet.  I have to say, though, that it's Symbian OS is a little bit of a pain to navigate - perfect example is checking remaining space on your micro-SD card - who would think that you would find that under Applications / Office / File Manager?  But I can live with Symbian's annoyances to in order to get a great little phone with a beautiful display - for half the price of a plastic device from one of the other makers.*********************** Added on June 21, 2011 **************************I've had this phone for another week+ and I just want to reiterate what a great little device it is!!  Battery life is great and it recharges quickly.  I've carried it on many evening walks and it shows zero wear and tear - thanks to it's metal construction and glass display.  It's my primary phone for calls between Germany and the US and I've had zero dropped calls or other call-related problems.  And, much to my surpise, once I downloaded the new Ovi Store - I found there are quite a few good free games on Ovi - Angry Birds Seasons, Rio, Monopoly, car racing, you name it - I was really pleasantly surprised!!  This continues to be a compact and very well-built smartphone - I highly recommend it.*********************** Added on November 6, 2011 ************************The Nokia C6-01 continues to be a superb phone.  Still runs like a top and looks like new - despite another four+ months of carrying around and using. Another advantage I really like is it supports both AT&T; and T-Mobile 3G bands in the States - and works here in Germany with Telekom.  Last but not least - I like it so much that I've ordered a second one for my wife to use. Keep in mind though - this phone isn't for you if you want a large screen to surf the internet or check FB.  It's a great phone with super battery life and a very clear screen.

I bought this amazing phone a few days back. I like a cell phone that i can use with one hand(i am weird like that :p) and this was perfect just he right size but i must say a little thick but that wasn't a problem for me. This phone comes with pre loaded maps, I use GPS quite often and i must say it is very easy to use with real time traffic updates and  automatic map updates. The camera is simply amazing, 8 mp with face detection....and video can be recorded in HD quality. It say that it comes with a 2 gb card but mine came with a 4 gb card... most memory was taken by maps and other applications( about 1.3 gb was free) but it supports upto 32 gb....There are 3 home screens which can be customized with different applications and backgrounds.the screen is pretty cool and very responsive just like i phone and easy to see even in bright sunlight.All in all this is a great phone and it has features that are not available in this price range on other cell phones....the only thing that i dont like about this phone is the battery time! which nokia could have improved talk time is 6 hours on 3g!which is ok...

I won't comment on the fine features of this phone given the other reviewers have already done such an excellent job, but I'd just like to say that the Belle update for this phone is just incredible. When I first bought the Nokia C6-01 it arrived with very "clunky" software and would restart itself at the drop of a hat. Boy am I glad I waited for the Belle update. Please do yourself a favour and get this done at a Nokia Care Centre or if you have to do it yourself use a reliable internet connection. Prior to applying the Belle update, it does what looks to be a thorough backup of contacts and messages etc. My personal experience was that after the update it failed to restore my SMS text messages as well as my "favorite places locations" that was kept with the MAPS application. The rule is to be sure you always backup your text messages etc using Nokia Suite as you might lose some of these after the upgrade.If you make use of VOIP you will need to re-install the SIP VoIP Settings application. The current version at the time of this review is referred to as "Symbian^3 SIP VoIP 3.1". The software will allow you to make VOIP calls over 3G as well as the ability to change the codecs e.g. G729 etc. If you are going to use VOIP over 3G make sure you turn on AWCDMA in the profile settings.As far as Skype is concerned, be sure to download the latest update. At the time of this review Skype has still not supplied a video call app for Belle which is most upsetting to all the Nokia fan boys out there.Also, the phone can function as a WiFi hotspot for all your favorite WiFi enabled devices such iPads, laptops etc. I use the paid version of JoikuSpot which provides WEP Open security.Last but not least, if you want to Voice Dial someone in your contact list, all you need to do is press the call button (The bottom left button that lights up green) till you hear two beeps "beep beep" and then just speak out the contact name into the phone. Now, you might have multiple numbers stored under one contact with various detail descriptors including an "internet telephone" descriptor or "SIP" descriptor etc. The trick is to press the call button to setup voice dialling and then to speak into the phone e.g. "John Doe internet" and it will then voice dial the "SIP" or "internet number" for John Doe. Don't forget to speak out the first name, surname and detail descriptor (cell, home, work, internet,... etc) otherwise you'll get the dreaded "no match found" message.

Aunque recien lo estoy utilizando, vivo encantada con mi celu, de lo que me arrepiento es de no haber ordenados la mascara de protecci&oacute;n. Tiene wifi, radio, camara....etc.No les cuento mas ya que recien estoy experimentando con &eacute;l.

Waited for a compact smart phone that fits in the palm and in the pocket, with a stand alone GPS (Works without Data Plan) and i was happy to buy the c6-01. Though there is a delay in getting the Satellite connection, the map works very well once the connection is established (though there are some errors like in some places it asks you stay on the left and take exit from the freeway, while you have to stay on the right actually).  The other features like synch, backup are good and even the APPs are ok ( I am not a gamer). The camera is reasonably good. Even the upgrade to Belle was smooth and Belle looks better. All these positives are neutralized by the single problem of the phone hanging often (Freezes and no keys work) and I have to remove the battery to reset / restart to get the phone working. This happened with all three operating system (This came with Symbian 3 and i updated to Anna and latter to Belle). The battery life too short.I wouldn't recommend this phone to anybody though the price is little less compared to other smart phones.

Its very light weight, and looks so elegant. About the battery, only charges for 3 hours and I have been using youtube and ovi with WI-FI all the afternoon. Its terrific, the screen is so easy to use. It comes with a 4 GB micro SD. The youtube videos are played from the browser, so you can apply zoom to the screen. I havent problems with apps yet. And Its includes spanish language.

El telef&oacute;fono est&aacute; muy completo, sobre todo la resoluci&oacute;n de la c&aacute;mara de 8MP. Lo &uacute;nico malo es la duraci&oacute;n de la baret&iacute;a. Cuando se utiliza alguna aplicaci&oacute;n para la cual requiere de conxi&oacute;n a internet le gasta my r&aacute;pido la bateria.

Great phoneIt's very functional, the price is Justified, I recommend buying it.Ideal for staying connected in a basic way, is not very sophisticated but brings the features most important in my view: WiFi, GPS, web browsing, dual camera for video calling or more.

I bought this phone for my husband for Christmas.  Although I have not had an opportunity to enjoy this phone myself, he LOVES it!  My daughter had recommended it and even though my husband had looked forever for a phone, he coudn't make up his mind.  So I surprised him with the Nokia C6-01.  Now he is always downloading apps and finding more things that it will do.  He wouldn't trade it for anything.

I got this phone recently, from big gaint like nokia i was expecting good features. iam not able to install skye on this.OVI store loads very very slow. once the home page of OVI loads, am not able to navigate to the app i want and instal it. it just dont go to the next page. reason for buying this phone is to do video chat but am not able to do this thru skype nor from yahoo mesenger.

I had trouble setting this up as it kept dropping my wifi signal.  I was also surprised to find that Nokia's Ovi map program STILL does not cover Israel.  I am returning it and getting an AndroidMotorola Flipout Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Android Phone with Bluetooth, Camera, QWERTY Keyboard and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Blackwith Google maps, which has covered Israel for years.

This nokia is a very good piece of brand,mine still working in difficult conditions every day not scratched yet without foile,unfortunatelly it became a old model after so many mobile technologies discovered..

My only complaint with this beautiful Nokia cell phone is that specifically mine came with some vertical transparent columns pattern, almost invisible almost of the time, but very noticeable with some pictures.At first I thought it was the silicon screen protector but when I pulled it away from the screen I saw the screen with the same problem.I'am very sad and very upset right now because I've to make the RMA, this guys at Amazon.com rocks, tons of order without a single issue, but unfortunately this time they let me down. Otherwise this phone it's great, you cannot find another such great built quality cellphone for this price.

Excellent phone. It is fast responsive, has a great camera, looks very good, excellent materials, a very good amount of apps are available for it. You get excellent specs for a very good price. You can't go wrong with this phone. It kicks ass.

Este es uno de los mejores celulares que ha sacado nokia al mercado, es de excelente calidad. Lo recomiendo 100 %

The mobile phone was deliver as promise.  It work ok in U.S. But when I try to use it in asia, I can't use.  It's lock and it's going to cost me $50 to unlock it.  That suck, because I thought I purchased an unlocked phone from amazon.

Like most people i read the review for this phone and bought it. The phone's touch response was a bit slow but the rest was amazing. This phone is great for people transition towards smart phones (smartphone newbies), it is easy to uses and for the two months i had it i was happy. The navigation and camera were excellent for me and the apps OK, however, i was disappointed when the phone suddenly would not work. i took excellent care of this phone and when i saw the battery mess up was i surprise since all Nokia phones i had in the past where great.It was truly unlocked because it accepted my sim card w/o fail.the price for this phone was too good to be true, so maybe i should have bought something i little more expensive that wouldn't suddenly die on me.

Background: I bought the Nokia C6-01 that was manufactured in Mexico for, I believe, the US market. It was used for travel in the UK with 02.Size: Great size and a good heft. The metal and glass outside casing made for a very nice look and feel.Construction Quality: Construction quality is excellent. Very good fit and finish.Battery: Long battery life and fast charge to full. I got two days with 4-5 calls a day (~30mins a piece), and a full day with heavy data usage and calls. It charged up over USB in a couple of hours.Screen: Amazing screen, great colors. I believe it is a Samsung AMOLED. Very easy to read.Bands: The phone I received was a true world phone. It had all the bands I needed for travel (GSM 850/900/1800/1900 UMTS 850/900/1700/2100). Call quality (sound and connection) was really good but wish the speaker could have been a little louder.Usability:Software: Symbian takes some getting used too (iPhone and Android user here). But overall everything was there and their app market is pretty good, was able to get Angry birds for free. Huge plus was the Ovi Map market. All the maps, for pretty much most of the world, are available for free from the Ovi portal. Also, with JokuSoft you are able to make the C6-01 into a mobile hotspot.Mechanical: Three hard keys and on screen keyboard. The hard keys have a good click feel to them. The only trouble was the on screen keyboard, or maybe it was my stubby fingers. I have to be careful to make sure I was pressing the correct letters on the screen. Of issue though is that the phone gets very hot if you use it continuously for more than 15-20mins. This occurs whether the phone is being used for data or for regular calls. I would recommend using a blue tooth headset.Camera: I used the camera and video options when I was on holiday. I used it outside during the day and found both the camera and video/audio to be quite good.Conclusion: So why four stars. After many hours at different O2 stores, and their in-store techs, I found out that my map feature would not work. Its A-GPS and so needs a data connection to work apparently, and though I was getting a solid data connection for everything else,the map software would not connect. So no maps and a lot of wasted time. They mentioned that I was not the first person to come in with this issue for Nokia phones. So I am left with three possibilities, 1. a dud phone, 2. problematic OS software and 3. something amiss with O2.Given a working map tool I would have rated this phone five stars, and the failed tool makes me want to rate it as one star. Giving Nokia the benefit of the doubt, and with excellent call quality, etc, I went with four stars. If possible, make sure you phone works before going abroad.

I like this phone very much, way better than the 1st, 2nd, 3rd & 4th generation iPhones. Only the iPhone 4S equals it (RIP Steve Jobs).If your  not familiar with Nokia phones and your considering a smart phone, you should check out Nokia's app store at[...] and browse some of the apps.Everything on the phone works as it should. The 650Mhz proccessor is fast enough to power all the funtions of the phone. I have dowloaded a 10MB file in 19 seconds via a Wi-fi connection and a 7MB file in 18 seconds. I don't have a data plan with my carrier (At&T;) because I have Wi-fi at home and at work, sinse these are the two places I spend most of my time I really don't need it.The turn by turn GPS (Drive & Walk) works very well.If I had to pick one thing to change it would be the overall size. But even this is being petty. The phone fits in my hands well and the onscreen keys are really easy to use and unlike the iphones, I rarely if never double hit a key unintentionally. I really like the vibration created when you touch an icon or key. Its a very slight vibration but it tricks your brain into thinking you actually pressed a real button.Nokia rocks!

I got this cell phone next day of my order. Looks very nice, It had 4GB memory card inside but only about 1.5GB are free? I love this product at the begining but after 15 days I got the problem with battery. Eventhough it had full battery line in the evening, I found my phone switched off in the morning. I tried to switched on, it did not. No idea? I took out battery and replaced but no sign of power on. I connected to charger, then switched on then saw there was no battery. Intresting! Generally battery last about 24 hours when I turn off wifi scanning, keypad tone and about 30mins call daily with no message. Then, again after a week, I full charged my cell phone in the morning and in the early afternoon I was listening FM for about half an hour, my phone switched off suddenly then I noticed no battery when connected to charger. Thanks amazon for 1 months free return policy, so I do not have to deal with warrenty and I can order other phone instantlyOverall nokia made this phone with very good operating system, good size and weight but unusual battery behaviour. I never used any other phone than nokia and still looking a good nokia phone.This phone deserve 5 star if good battery life/behaviour, I gave 3 star assuming that problem may exist only with particular phone not overall model.--------------------------------Update Dec 22, 2012I ordered exactly same phone again as a replacement. Its been one and half months now and I have not noticed any battery problems yet. I generally need to charge my cell phone every other day with normal use. So far satisfied.

The camera rocks really rocks and Nokia support is great. The first phone was defective and they had me send them the phone and I was right and they mailed me a new phone and it rocks really rocks. I can use my social media software and my windows software that was installed with an update to Nokia Belle by Nokia Suite. I would recommend this unlocked phone for purchase to use as an unlocked phone. I use Simple Mobile and need an unlocked phone. Nokia rocks really rocks and so does this phone.

this was a pretty good phone, but i had to return it because it was supposed to be a US phone that was compatible with AT&T, but when i went to the AT&T store, they told me that the phone had a UK data format, which was why i couldn't get my internet to work.

Excellent product in compact nice...you wont find this quality and size...so good luck.

More than I expected, like the size, speed and battery life. Definately a better phone than my previous E71x which served me well for over 2 years, especially the way it handles email.

All the pros you already know by reading the specs.The cons are:- No convert application- No stop watch- no video editing application- no focus of camera from 0 to 50cm, because of its new static lens.- Battery life is ok, I wish will last longer.Still using symbian 3, I will wait for symbian Anna or Belle updates. I also upgrade the mini sd with 16gb toshiba, work great.Great upgrade for nokia 5800.Update:I just Upgrade to symbian Anna, and after installing all software updates, phone work better than before. I'm very happy with it. Does almost everything, at least everything I wanted.The only complain still the battery life, but when I'm running low I activate the power saving mode, a native application of symbian and worked very well. (Just click at battery icon, then battery icon again and the option will pop) it also activates or asked when battery level is low. I also bought a second battery for special occasions.Now I will wait for Symbian Belle or Windows based Nokia phones.

For the past 4 months that I have owned this phone, it has delivered on all of the features I required for which the phone was purchased. The primary feature was that it was unlocked and compatible with GSM to use internationally and small (i.e. less than 4" display).  Swapping a GSM chip in another country worked 100% of the time and within seconds. The call quality is as good as any phone ever used. The bluetooth 3.0 pairs perfectly with all devices used (headset and MacBook). Music via Built-in FM radio,  Radio streaming (via Nokia Internet Radio application) and MP3 player are simple and provide multiple listening options. WiFi connects easily. The touch screen interface is easy and intuitive, perhaps even more so with the Anna OS upgrade. GPS works great and free (once you understand the connection settings to use per the Nokia support website). Casual photos and videos are simple to use and the quality is fine for sharing. The built-in flashlight using the dual-flash is really bright and very useful and there when you need it at the push of a button.Other observations:Resistant to shock: This phone took a 3 foot fall on a hard tile floor while receiving a call and kept on ringing until I answered the call. There wasn't even a scratch or a dent and the phone keeps on working.Size: Small, yet comfortable to hold and keep in your pocket.Screen experience: Viewing is clear and crisp in all lighting conditions. Easy to enter in a few words which is the most I require since a computer will suffice for longer data entry.The battery power is great and even better when you turn off certain options when not being used.Bottom line: The Nokia C6-01 delivered as expected and was a good value for me regarding the combination of reliability, features and usability.

No videocall for viber,yahoo messenger,skype...Very limited in downloading videos to send. Front camera is not that clear,no autofocus on closeup shots....What i like from this phone it has loud and clear speaker..it's compact

I have owned this phone for 2 or three months but I can't stop playing with it. I have previously used smartphones (iphone, HTC,etc) but this one takes the cake because I'm always reminded about how inexpensive it is. The battery life is good and the OVI store just rocks with its abundant free apps. The colors are amazing and I can't stop downloading new themes just to enjoy the colorful look. In addition to that, I like the size of it: Like somebody else has mentioned it in the reviews, you don't have to use it like you are holding picture frame. It just disappears in one hand.In my first my month of usage, I was leaning to giving it a less than stellar review. At that time, Nokia hadn't upgraded to the latest software and the keyboard was just awful. It would always pick up the wrong letters. But now, oh my, it just rocks. Since the latest update, I haven't mistyped a single letter.However, the thing I like the most about this phone is the camera. I own some expensive digital cameras with or above 12 Mp, but I get a better feel and pictures using this phone. The camera is so unbelievably fast!

good looking, works perfectly, exc camera, nice screen... bottom line, very nice phone at a good price. not a 5 cause i prefer qwerty keybord on other models.

i bought a nokia c6-01 almost 2 months ago. when i first got it, it wasnt working. its sounds was terrible. then i returned it and amazon sent a new one to me. i have been using it for 2 months eventhough it doesnt work very well (it is too slow for example when you touch the screen it doesnt response quickly). now it seems that it is working but i cannot make a call and i cannot receive a call. firstly i thought that the problem tht i have because of my operator then i used a different cell phone and it worked well..

It's easy to use. Very long battery charge.Not very big and it's comfortable for arm. It is very good phone for its price I think.

gracias por el envi&oacute; del tel&eacute;fono, es un excelente articulo que tenia un buen precio de venta . . .

I have just upgraded from an older Motorola RAZR v3 to this.It accepted the SIM card from my AT&T; account, and seems to be working fine.This phone is taking some time to get used to. I'm not sure if I will use all the social networking stuff, but the map was a big selling feature for me. Again, I don't know how to use it just yet. I can turn it on, and that's about it.The phone feels solid, and it is small. This isn't like the big dumb looking iPhone. This phone fits in the same case that I used with my RAZR v3.The micro USB port is ...different. I can't tell if they expect me to use the special Nokia connector or if I can safely use the standard micro USB plugs. I would have liked this phone much more if it had come with the standard mini USB port, though.Feel free to ask me questions on this. I plan to update this post as I experience better or worse thoughts.[[UPDATE 28 February 2013]]I don't talk much, so my battery life is typically longer than most.I noticed my "standby" time was only being limited to 3 or 4 days, and that was mostly because the screen always displayed the time (even though I keep it in a phone pouch where I can't see it).Once when the battery got very low, I was asked if I wanted to put the phone into a Low Power state. I selected YES and now the clock no longer shows all the time on the display. This has increased my battery life, too! I only have to plug in the phone every 7 to 10 days. Each time I plug it in, though, I am asked if I want to turn Low Power OFF. I always select NO - because I don't know any other way to access this feature on the phone!I do not have a data plan. It is $0.20 per text I send or receive, but I don't like to text so I don't care. I have only SENT 2 only RECEIVED 2 Texts.I have a wireless router in my home, and I am able to check Facebook or my email from my phone using that wireless connection. I don't like the tiny QWERTY keyboard, so I go to my PC when I want to reply.All said, I think I prefer my old RAZR v3 flip phone. I liked the physical buttons! When you are checking voice mail and it says "press 7 to delete", you look at the screen and there are no buttons! You must navigate there. If you want to call your credit card people - easy, right? 1-800-DISCOVER. Only the onscreen buttons don't always include "ABC" with the "2" key, etc.I had thought about selling mine here for $150 with the case, gel cover, original box, manual, etc (HINT-HINT). However, it seems Amazon has a special contract, as there is no option for me to sell mine on here.

I have been Using Nokia C6 01 since 2 years. After Symbian belle update, it looks and works great.Pros:1) Solid built2) Good 8 MP Camera3) Expandable memory and removable battery4) Symbian Belle update5) Offline maps are greatCons:1) Very small screen (3.2" Screen is way tooo small)2) Camera lacks auto focus.3) Very limited app selection in Ovi store4) Too heavy for its size.5) There are other excellent options for 100$ - 150$ more. ( Google Nexus 4 is 349$ for 16gb)6) Way outdated

Battery is JUNK. With normal usage (just texting, calling and limited web access) battery died after FIVE months. Although the unit itself is OK, the battery life is very disappointing. One more thing the screen sensitivity is not so great..

Except for a couple of points. Beware the Software upgrades, If you have the setting exactly how you want them you will need to start again. The OS upgrade erases most programs that you may have downloaded and consiquently have to be reinstalled. Other than that good GPS, Camera, MP3 player and above all mobile phone. Cheaper than an I-phone and its a Nokia so less likely to blow up.

I needed a new phone to replace my N97 Mini which I loved but was getting a little long in the tooth. I loved having a physical keyboard like on the mini and was kind of hesitant to get another all-touch device after enjoying the full keyboard but the E7 & E6 were both a bit high out of my price range. So I took a chance and purchased the C6-01.I've had it and been using it for just about a week now, but so far as my title says, it's a little dynamoThe first thing I noticed when I fired it up is the screen. Yes it is small compared to the lap top sized phones people carry in their pockets these days. But for me personally that is ok. It's what I wanted. I prefer smaller phones. But the screen is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous. It puts alot of the higher end more $$ phones to shame. Nokia really hit a home run with the Clear Black Display. It's just a beauty of a display.Even though I'd never really tinkered with Symbian 3, I'd had enough experience with past Nokia Devices that setting up the basics of the C6-01 was a piece of cake.Next I set up the things that are most important to me like my music library and bluetooth devices. Both were easy to do. The bluetooth on this thing is amazing. The range and connection seems to be farther and stronger than on previous devices. It paired easily with the SYNC technology on my Ford Vehicle.I'm not the type of person that goes App crazy and gets alot of worthless stuff that I don't and won't use so I've found a few apps on the OVI store that are essential to me like Remind Me, Wikipedia Reader, X-plore, Internet Radio and a few more. I also loaded Swype which I'm learning how to use and take full advantage of.This is just a preliminary review. I'll re-do and add as I've had the device longer. But to touch on a couple of things others have noted....So far I have not had any phone re-booting issues under any circumstances. The battery has performed pretty good so far. I've installed a battery extender app so maybe that has helped. I believe the Symbian Anna & Belle updates are going to tweak the battery to give it more lasting power.Like I said, I'll add more thoughts as I've used the device longer. So far though, I've been totally happy and totally enjoying this little beauty.Say what you will about Nokia, but they have always given good value for the money in terms of features. The C6-01 is packed with alot of high-end features for a pretty low price.It's what I was looking for in the first place!

I bought this phone for the brand, as I have had several nokia and I have lasted more than two years. This TV exceeded my expectations. The price is extremely good value.If you want to buy an inexpensive phone, I recommend this. It's the best!

La compra la realice  y se envio a direccion Miami, para que lo envien a Ecuador por courier, nunca llego el equipo y el  courir se niega a reembolozar el valor del equipo justificando que amazon se habia encargado de enviarlo, lo cual es raro porque Amazon no tiene ninguna direccion en Quito - Ecuador, unicamente tiene una direccion en Miami

Nokia C6-01 Unlocked GSM Phone with 8 MP Camera, 720p Video Recording, and Ovi Maps Navigation--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)Excellent phone, met my expectations for a comfortable price, at first I could not configure the network .. but then with a little practice I discovered that it was very easy ... the camera takes pictures of 8 mg Ok. the videos are very good ... I recommend this phone for the affordable price ...

Got this phone a month ago. I was deciding between a C7, N8 and C6-01. Given the animosity shown by Nokia towards US customers, with no Anna, and a sure delay in shipping its new 700 and 701 handsets, Im glad I did not invest more in the Nokia phone.About the phone, Its a good phone, sturdy enough. Obviously cannot compare to the N95, but still a strong body. The battery life sucks...its partly my fault too, as I have many processes running. Camera quality is top notch. Call quality is good. The phone does restart own its own sometimes, but rarely. The turn-by-turn navigation sure has saved my many times. The biggest advantage is the pentaband nature of the antenna, so I can have 3G on both, AT&T; as well as T-Mobile.Drawbacks: Battery life, as mentioned above, cannot add any Carddav or Caldav accounts...which, although is painfully missing, I can work my way around. Screen's too small (get what you pay for?).But one note to Nokia. Grow a pair and treat your American and Canadian customers at par with others. If a handset is bought online, say through Amazon, why should we wait forever to get updates released everywhere else in the world.

It is okay, but I don't recommend this phone because Symbian doesn't allow you to make Skype video calls.  Buy something different like &#34;Android&#34; phones. I use to love NOKIA but not anymore.

I really liked having this phone but after having this phone for a year I left it in my jeans, put them in the laundry and the phone didn't survive.I tried out a couple of different currently fashionable Android phones and have to say that after having my c6-01 I was left disappointed.After 3 months of trying out different phones I finally have come back and bought a second c6-01 and I am so happy with it all over again. (and the second that I have now was an Amazon refurbished model)It's a small phone so I can take it with me out when I run and the camera takes stunning pictures. Really beautiful pictures!!The Nokia brand is not fashionable these days but it's a shame... they make the best phones.

I bought this in April 2013 when my GPS died and my thumbs hurt from using Blackberry 9700's physical keyboard.  It is my opinion that the physical QWERTY is only useful if you're trying to text without looking or dial without looking, which is not that useful the more we think about it and as society improves.Pros:GPS with spoken turn by turn will work even without any data connection.  It will even tell you the speed limit.  It won't show you traffic, though.It is a VERY good map.  I would buy one off of ebay again just for the maps.  And you do not need a data connection or even a SIM card.Internet usability is a vast improvement over Blackberry 9700 but not as good as iphone4s.Cons:Touch screen has some lag at times.  I also have an iphone 4s.  No such issue with the iphone.If you are used to an iphone, the screen is tiny.For 8 megapixels, the camera is awful.  I swear the Blackberry 9700's 3.2 megapixel takes better photos.  This may have to do with the fact that Blackberry 9700 has autofocus, and the Nokia C6-01 does not.Blackberry Travel will be missed.Vliingo speaking texts out loud will be missed.Lack of apps like Pandora.Conclusion:  I would buy this again just for the maps and as a mediocre touch screen phone.  I am of the opinion that this and the Blackberry 9700 are proto-smartphones.  The iphone and android are real smart phones.

I got this phone because my Motorola Razr finally died and I didn't want to renew my contract with T-mobile until they had the iPhone. Had to find an unlocked phone that would take my sim card.  It worked as a phone but the smart phone software was close to useless.  The Nokia maps were the only good feature but I couldn't use it as a GPS for very long as the battery life was too short in that mode.

The phone arrived on time. I purchased this phone knowing it was not brand new. I don't believe that I will make that mistake again. Cosmetically it was in very good shape, only some very minor scratches on one side. They were barley noticeable. However, as a very short time wore on I began to notice some problems. The touch screen seemed a bit sluggish and in some cases almost unresponsive. Then I started to miss calls because the phone was not ringing. I can not afford to miss calls as I work in the medical field so I returned the phone. I have come away a bit wiser. A used phone can be like a used car, you are just buying some one else's problems. I didn't have it long enough to really test things like the camera and all the whistles and bells. It was a great size, and felt solid like it was well built, but then I wouldn't expect anything less from Nokia.

I purchased this phone for several reasons.1.It's unlocked and because I travel a broad I need a phone to put local Sim card. 2. It has a 5mp camera which pretty decent for a phone camera and quality is very good. 3. It's a touch phone which I prefer. Also NOKIA are the experts in phone building industry. I had before and I have never eve had any problems. 4. Customer service was very helpful, when I called them on the phone and I did use it twice to figure out some settings.I can not give a review about the Internet settings or navigation. I do not use my phone for this purpose. I do have navigation in all my cars and I Pad which has all the gadgets. But maybe in future  will use it on a phone and this one of the reasons why I got this smart phone.I tried to purchased unlocked phone from career providers, but it's not available there and I have to purchase a data or Internet plan, which I didn't want to. This way it saved me money and kept me out of the contract for 2 years.

Lightweight but still feels solid and puts up with being dropped and jostled in my purse. This is a great Smartphone for Dummies who don't use all the features of a more sophisticated smartphone.  A huge step up from my old "stupid" phone, it is a great camera, mp3 player, personal calendar, and phone at a fraction of the price for those of us who don't want or need an iphone with infinate apps to buy.  What really sold me was the fact that I don't need a data plan(with ATT), unless I later decided I want to.  I have not had any problems with the speed or functionality of the wireless.

Everything works just fine. The touch screen response is a little sluggish with the screen over and when it came off, the screen behaved overly sensitive. May be it needs better calibration.

the main reason i bought this was to use off line maps when traveling outside US.when i received the phone it had sym3 OS .. have since updated to Anna OS and now i see BELLE OS is available.off line maps works. download the map of the country /state you are going to travel to before you leave ( or there over wifi and don't forget to download the voice language with street names).. put the phone in off line mode .. start up maps and you have map/vocal directions .... it might take 1-5 min for the GPS to get location  - once it does start you are set... when you use maps you may want to look at the map directions before you start as it tends to go thru the main downtown streets ( heavy traffic) ... that way you can avoid traffic ( google maps usually offers alternative routes) ...added plus .. phone works in USA on AT&T;, T-Mobile and the any country using GSM ...the hardware is solid, excellent materials used in construction. the sym3 OS takes time to get use to ..i had to read the manual. Anna OS is better ( still have to look up in manual ) ...the phone is much smaller then it looks in pic's ... 3.2" screen is smaller then my LG 3.2" screen ..holding the phone vertical the key board is too small for my fingers = i installed swype from ovi store  and it works very good .. also downloaded skype and it works very good ..USB tether works with laptop/netbook .. haven't tried the 3rd party wifi mobile hotspots avaiable yet..for me off line MAPS was the reason i bought it and everything else is bonus ...
