
I did not expect a German language phone. I called Samsung support. They could not support it. So I returned it (easily) back to Amazon on the same day. Buyer beware.

I have recieved the product what i have expected .I liked it lot.The cost for which i have got is awesome.

I bought this as a temporary replacement when my phone was damaged and I had to claim repair using warranty. It was a very good phone, probably a bit expensive, but served its purpose well.

I just got this phone from amazon and im very impressedi was expecting a cheap phone for what i pay $130 dollarsand got something way better!!!

the seller was really good on shipment, it arrived earlier than expected. the battery life is ridiculously good and with average use you can get multiple days on one charge the speaker is really loud-much more so than any other phone i've encountered listening to music on speaker is like having a mini stereo by you. so far i haven't had any problems with the phone(a couple of weeks)  and i'd recommend it to anyone shopping for a phone in this price category.

I like this phone. You get good value for your money. It is not too fancy, but it works. I was positively surprised. Only downsides I can think of are that the camera is not great, and the earplugs not very comfortable (and u can use your own, but they function as antennae for the radio). But other than that, Im really happy with it. Im sure its nothing compared to the new iphone, but if you just want a nice phone with touchscreen to download nice android apps, and use wifi, and which works in both the US and Europe, for a good price; this is a good choice.

This is my wife's phone, she is not using 3G but works fine anyway.This phone is packed with excellent features and the price is the best of all.Recommended!

This is a neat little Android phone. Everything seems to work well, and it is nice and light and small. I use a rubber-ended stylus for my Xoom as well as this phone (the Xoom to avoid smudges, and the Samsung phone because the screen is pretty small). I upgraded from Android 2.1 to 2.2.1 via the instructions on SamFirmware which is a little complicated but far from difficult or impossible. I also looked at a couple videos on the You Tube for help. The phone seems to work fine.I am still looking for earbud-style headphone with a mic and audio controls (volume, pause, next track, etc.) that actually work.Enjoy!

This is a great entry-level Android phone!  I got it for myself, but gave it away to my nephew as a graduation present because he liked it so much.  At the current price point, only a LG Thrive/Optimus/Phoenix is comparable and the Samsung is much higher quality.In the U.S. it will only work at EDGE speeds, so this is not a U.S. 3G phone.In terms of responsiveness, the phone is reasonably fast, with no unpleasant lag or unresponsiveness.  The music player works great, and the phone itself is good as a cell phone.Because this phone is unlocked, it works on many GSM-based carriers (AT&T; and T-mobile), including overseas GSM carriers.  My nephew was able to use it in Panama and phone/text me from it.  It will not work with CDMA carriers (Sprint and Verizon, for example).The Android 2.1 operating system is sufficient for most purposes.  You will need a google account to download from the Google Market.The phone will have menus in a foreign language, but it's not too hard to find the settings and switch the language to English.  This may take a bit of experimentation, and the faint of heart may be put off by this.Otherwise, this is a great entry-level Android phone from Samsung.

Received the phone in good condition only earphone was missing, does not connect to T-mobile at 3G but says is supported. Firmware was not original so could not update when connected to Kies. Worth for the price paid for a basic smart phone.

This was the lowest price Android smartphone that I was able to find and works even better than I expected. When I visit another country, I just purchase a SIM card and am usually able to make and receive calls for a very good price. My friends call my US cell phone number and the call is forwarded to my Skype number which is, then, forwarded to this phone. I am pleased with my purchase.

I'm very pleased with my choice,Android as OS has all that I need and is easy to use. This phone arrived in german but was easy to change the language comparing both manuals (english page 84 and german page 83)so was not a big deal.The touch screen is very sensitive and i've big fingers, so i've to write carefully to not make mistakes, well, i bet its all about practice. I downloaded many useful apps and there are so many to download yet.i love both: Samsung GT i5500 Galaxy 5 and Android OS!better together!

I purchased this cell phone because I was a big Samsung fan after buying a laser printer from them last year. I was in the market for an unlocked cell phone that had wi-fi, camera and bluetooth. The Samsung i5500 had everything I was looking for.First of all, as a cell phone, the clarity was fine but my calls dropped far more often than I had ever experienced with my old Motorola flip phone.As a camera, the i5500 was adequate. Not the crystal clear images that you get with a dedicated digital camera, but certainly a nice camera to have in your cell phone. The lack of flash limits the photos you can capture.But the worst thing for me was the wi-fi connection. The touch screen keyboard was not very friendly when it came to entering the wi-fi login info, and after I did there was no connection to the wi-fi. Thinking I mistyped the password, I tried again.... and again... and again. No luck. Finally, I went into the room in which the router was located and tried logging in again. This time I connected to my home wi-fi. But as soon as I walked a few feet away from the router, the connection ended. I have an iMac on another floor in my home and always have a solid wi-fi connection, so I know there is nothing wrong with the router. For whatever reason, the i5500 had a wi-fi range of 4 feet.I called Samsung's tech support for assistance with this issue. Their response to me was that I had to call England since the i5500 was not sold in the United States. Rather than pay for an international phone call, I decided that I had to return the phone to Amazon.I don't know if I had a lemon or if this was a flaw design in the i5500 but in my opinion this was not a pleasant consumer experience. I had high hopes for the i5500 but was met with great disappointment.

I purchased this phone just before a week ago. Works smoothly. Those who complaining about this phone, i believe may be fake. Many of them had problem with browser but here is trick, make your wifi decrypt or open, high speed browser can be surf on galaxy 5. so please do purchase. cheap with all feature.

Bought this phone on Amazon as new and got this phone in open box (resealed), you can see sticker is tampered. its not brand new returning this product, this is the first had problem with amazon.

This unit arrived promptly, it was new and in a brand new retail box. The phone felt very nice in the  hand and the screen was pretty fast.  No noticeable delays or lock-ups between key strokes or screen changes.  Also, the screen changes from the portrait to landscape mode were pretty quick as well.  Key sensitivey was as sesitive as many reviewers indicated, but could easily get used to. Very good sound quality.  'Really liked the unit a lot, but our unit had a couple of technical problems:Problem #1:  The USB connection was not stable and kept interrupting the sync with Outlook.  Also triggered error messages - my Windows XP kept popping up a message that the device could not be recognized.  'Managed to synch the contacts but not the notes.  Didn't try the calendar, since I hadn't downloaded it yet from Google.Problem #2: The WiFi kept shutting on and off. It recognized the names of the available wireless networks.  It allowed me to enter the security code for ours. It would connect briefly, then shut off immediately thereafter.  The green checkmark designating the connection would come on and off repeatedly.  It also kept saying that the connection point is out of range - the phone was in the family room and the wireless router is in one of the bedrooms (this is a regular track home).  I progressively walked the unit from the family room to the room where the wireless router is located, and it kept giving the same message that the wireless point is out of range.  The phone was progressively brought within 3 feet of the wireless router, and still it showed that it was out of range. I also attempted to connect it to my neighbor's unsecured network that can easily be accessed by our other computer and my laptop, and still no luck, eventhough it showed as being available on this phone's list of available wireless networks.  While attempting to connect to my neighbor's unsecured wireless network, it got caught up in an endless loop with trying to obtain an IP address and just got stuck there. As for my wireless network, my granddaughter had no problem accessing and connecting with it on her cell phone - from the farthest point of the house, even in the patio! The same goes for my wife's computer and my laptop.To be fair to Samsung and give it another try, the phone was shut off. The battery removed, and then the phone was restarted again.  The same problems were repeated.The phone was returned the next day after it was received. This problem has been mentioned by some other reviewers.Otherwise, the phone is really a very nice and elegant device. I just wish that the WiFi worked and would love to have kept it.

Of course you must understand what you are buying.The screen is barely enough for applications like instant messengers and such.Proves to be quite good as a GPS (again, consider the screen size), locks in fast and is accurate.I use it (with a Froyo 2.2 installation, see [...] ) mainly as a hotspot for connecting other (larger screen) wifi only devices. And of course as a mobile phone.I only use applications such as browser or instant messenger on the phone itself, as a last resort, when I don't have another device such as tablet with me.In portrait screen the virtual (on screen) keyboard is not full format, but rather phone like keyboard.The device was brand new as I opened the box, still had plastic stripes attached to the phone. It comes standard with 2.1 android, see link above to upgrade to 2.2 (main reason for me was that 2.1 does not have hotspot functionality).I think it's the European version, 3g frequencies are accordingly. So on TMobile US it will work on EDGE only (no 3G).

I've been using the product for a month. This is my first smart phone. I just wanted to use it as a wifi device and for my programming exercise when I purchased but I changed my mind and put in a T-mobile sim card ($6.99 + $30 pre-paid card; data plan is separate), and a micro SD card ($12.99). Here's the breakdown:SetupOut of the box it starts in German. Switch to English from the setting and you should be good. There are a handful of apps that came with it also in German, and I haven't figured out how to get rid of them. It also insisted on having a Google email account- without it it wouldn't activate certain features. So I created one just to sign on then installed Yahoo mobile app to use my permanent email account. It automatically downloaded my contacts from Yahoo, which was very convenient.Wifi deviceAs a wifi device this does everything I expected and more. I downloaded some mp3's on it to listen to them on the commute. If that gets tiresome I can switch to FM radio, which has a good reception. As long as I have a usable wifi signals I can browse and check emails.GPS, Map and BrowserI tested the GPS out with places I already knew and it gave the correct turn-by-turn directions. When you start the GPS it shows you where you are with an arrow on a map. It appears it wants a text-to-voice app so I downloaded a free app but it didn't look like it made any attempt to use it because when I started the app next time I got the same message that it required a text-to-voice app. You can hit skip and still use the GPS without one. I haven't actually tried it out while driving so I don't know how it does it in action.Map app is pretty cool too. For instance when you load the map of downtown Seattle you get to see structures in 3D effect. Once a certain area is loaded it seems to store it in the memory because next time it tries to GPS my location, and when that fails (because you don't have wifi signal or whatever) it just loads the area you were browsing previously.Browser app is a hit and miss. Normally it works well but every once in a while it just sits there and spins. Forever. Due to a smaller screen size if you're planning to consume a large online content you'd be better off with iPhone size devices.ChargingEvery two days. If you miss it it's going to complain and shut off. Even if you think you have enough to last another day just plug it in for every two day.Apps and gamesI've downloaded Angry bird, Jewels, Solitaire Pack, Starbucks, Target, Amazon app store, Craigslist app, Yahoo email, etc. They all seem to work fine. As I said it came with some apps in German which I don't use and still try to remove. Other handy pre-installed apps I haven't mentioned are Android market, YouTube, Calendar, Camera, etc.Overall it is a nice Android phone with a lot of features packed in. I let my teenager use it for a while after he broke his AT&T; phone but he found it hard to use the soft keyboard for texting. Smaller size can be a plus or minus depending on how you intend to use it, but it suites me perfectly. I would recommend it.

The phone is great for those who are not after too much texting.It is good on reception although the camera needs some improvement. So far so good.

I am thoroughly enjoying this phone. Everything about it is good, mind you, I have not had any advanced phones... such as any phone made in the past 2 years.The only thing is you have to setup the MMS for your carrier and I still have not figured that out.

ME PARECE UN BUEN TELEFONO PERO LA PANTALLA ES MUY PEQUE&Ntilde;A PARA MIS DEDOS. LA PRESENTACION PESO Y TAMA&Ntilde;O DEL TELEFONO SON UNA DE LAS MEJORES QUE HE VISTO PARA UN TELEFONO DE ANDROID 2.1

This Android phone made by Samsung is light and compact. It is quite easy to use. The sound quality is good but not great. The only complaint I have is it's keyboard which is hard to use even for someone like me with small fingers.

New to Android technology. Loving phone, but still getting use to all the "bells and whistles." Excellent phone. Screen is clear and nice resolution. Highly recommend phone and seller. Thank you.

Great little phone for the price... Worked fine in South America.  Note that I had to remove the screen protection shield that I had purchased for it, because I found that it inhibited the tactile touch needed to perform functions. Of course as a diabetic, my fingertips are more calloused then most other persons; I removed it and had no further issues.

Easy access to wifi, no data plan necessary.The keyboard is small so large hands might get frustrated with this feature.  Small, fits in my pocket. Camera is "just okay" wish for more megapixels. Still learning more about it.  Can add free apps that you might want to use.  Battery charge has been long lasting.  Cannot find a case to purchase in USA that fits this phone and to date have been denied purchase from other countries due to shipping.  Will continue to search.  I have enjoyed using it to this date.

I bought this phone and really like it, except for one thing: Apparently there is some internal code that prevents this phone from accessing youtube or the google android market.So, the bad:The Market: There are thousands of apps available through other markets and you can always download apps from your computer and then transfer them to this phone, but the android market is vast and many apps I want live there (B&N; e-reader, Adobe PDF, etc.)Access to youtube: Well, this is kind of my sons' favorite app. The bad is that there is no youtube for him (the good for me is that he may not be interested in my phone anymore). Seriously, no youtube... that's lame.Both of these con's are due to some internal setting. Apparently they can be solved when you root the system and update the firmware... but I just don't have time for that. I couldn't install Skype either. Another let-down.The good: Everything else. It is responsive, small and fast and I have my google calendar and email in sync. I only use it with WIFI. It seems that it can connect to AT&T; using 2G. Not sure about 3G.To conclude: I am happy I bought this phone, but given a second chance, I would make sure it had the android market.

This is my first smartphone, I was looking for a cheap Android unlocked option and found the Galaxy 5.I was excited because I know Samsung has some pretty good stuff.Touch screen: kinda hard to navigate through the menus without clicking anything... not that good.Signal: works pretty well.3G: this phone is from EUROPE. It won't work on the USA's 3G bands. I've tried it on T-mobile and AT&T; - no 3G, only Edge. If you are looking for fast internet, forget this phone.I believe this phone is not worth the price. You could get something better for a few more dollars.

this phone didnt even last 30 days before it locked up exactly 28 days it done this. It was never dropped are nothing. I was talking on it and it locked up. I am dissapointed in this phone. I would not reccommend anyone to buy this phone and it was only used very little. Everytime you touch a button it signs on to google my advice is to by another samsung phone like i did. I sent mine back. Its not worth the money

Phone is great if you are considering an upgrade to a smart phone.  I used it with the T-mobile network.Screen is responsive and the Google integration is good.  I was able to get on my home wi-fi; gmail and it also connected to picassa for photos.  You do have the QWERT keyboard option - you need to change it in the keypad settings.  Picture quality is fine and i was able to stream youtube videos with no issue.  It does have Navigation application but does not work.

i was totally satisified with this product,i bought it as refurbished but it was just like new,everything worked great,and for an android 2.1 you cant go wrong,the touch screen is almost to responsive but you have the option of the navigational key,battery life is excellent,the only downside is the keyboard when texting or browsing which is a bit small and you press the wrong keys all the time,i suggest a stylus,apart from that its a great phone and i am totally pleased.

This is my first smart-phone, although I have used other touch devices like an ipod touch. The goal was to get something cheap that I could use my AT%T prepaid plan with.First of all, as others have noted, the phone will arrive in some unpredictable eastern european language. In my case, I deduced it was Slovenian by looking up various random words on the display (apparently, "ponedeljek" means "monday"). Unfortunately, changing the language is not all that easy on a device you cannot read. Some languages like Spanish, it's relatively easy to sort out on your own. Slovenian is not that sort of language. I had to resort to a youtube video to figure out which parts of the interface to select. If you have trouble, I suggest you do the same.Next up, I figured I'd try to upgrade the firmware to the latest version. Samsung website tells me to download and install the Kies software, which I do. It connects with the phone and tells me "this version of the device cannot be updated". Not quite sure what to make of that (does it mean the firmware is already updated? or does it mean I'm using eastern european device with US Kies? or is the firmware non-upgradeable?). Anyhow, the 2.1 firmware seems to work well enough, so I decide not to mess with it any further.After this, I slipped the SIM card in from my cheap AT&T; prepaid and verified that it was able to make phone calls. It was, no issues whatsoever.As far as the general quality of the phone, it seems pretty good. It comes with a 1gb SD card for use with the camera, a charger (with US adapter), USB cable (very short), and headphones. Although a bit small, it fits in my hand relatively well and sounds decent. It passes the obvious tests for doing what a phone needs to be able to do.I have to gripe a little bit about the touchscreen qwerty keyboard which feels a little small for my fingers. Tilting the screen sideways helps because the keyboard is bigger in landscape mode. It's easy to get a double-keypress; I wish there was a key repeat delay setting. It's also easy to hit the wrong key, but I assume that just takes some getting used to. The 3x4 keyboard for phone calls works fine and has nice big buttons.Logging into gmail was uneventful. It took my user-id and password. Android marketplace works similarly well. I'm a little bit concerned about security. If I lose my phone, then suddenly someone has access to my email account? Email compromises are the gateway to getting every other service that you use compromised (at least anything that has a password-reset-via-email feature). Going to have to think a bit on that. Maybe disable the email and get my piece of mind back.I try the built-in navigation app and it says "waiting for location" and sits there until the screen blanks. Not sure what to make of that. The built-in maps program does the same thing. Maybe it's confused because I'm not in Slovenia. Maybe I just need to give it some more time to get a GPS fix. GPS is enabled and the silly thing is sitting in front of a window. Don't know why it can't seem to figure out where it is.Anyhow, I'm relatively pleased with it so far as it seems to be a good deal for the price I paid. I'm deducting one star for the product arriving configured with a random language which is something a non-technical user (or someone without access to youtube) might have some trouble with. This should be disclosed in the description, or better yet, the phone should ask for a language setting when it's initially turned on.

As described. Excellent phone, Android really rules, I've found many usefull apps, this phone came well packaged, fast shipment ok.

Everything works out the way I expect it, and for this price, it is the best phone I've ever had.

This is the 2nd phone I buy from the same seller, the first worked great, I brought to Brasil, everything went just fine. But the one I bought now for my mother is LOCKED. I just couldn't use it. When I put the SIM card it doesn't recognize the network, even with other company SIM card.Now I don't know if I am going to be able to unlock it here in Brasil.

Unlocked phone have the advantage of letting you choose your carrier by just replacing the sim card.They also are great for travelers since the rest of the world uses GSM. It's wasy to get cheap sim cards all over the world, saving you roaming charges.MobileCityOnline supplied my order via Amazon. Although I requested second day air, 6 days elapsed between placing the amazon order and arrival.They appeared new on arrival despite broken seals on the boxes. They came configured for Slovenia. So, you have to go into the settings (in slovenian) and set the language to english US. Kind of tricky but doable. Takes about two minutes.From there after charging first time I installed $5 ATT sim cards and the phones were able to place and receive calls. The nice thing is ATT lets you choose how to pay when you set up the sim card accounts. You can either post pay or prepay. Since we're not big talkers I chose prepay. This setup actually works better than my Tracphone and my old Virgin Mobile phone. Every call pops up a window at the end showing what the cost was and how much is left. Nice. ATT's website also logs every call and transaction. Cool.WiFi setup was straightforward. Connect to the access points it sees, maybe enter a password, and you're online. Once online you can click on the App Market icon and download whatever apps you like. The only bug I ran into is if you connect to access points that require a username/password to log in, and they use self signed certificates. You may have to use the Opera browser so the redirect works correctly and you can get connected.Once you are on WiFi you can configure your google account and it will sync your google contacts and calendar and you have gmail in a shrunken down mobile version.To get mobile data when I was away from a WiFi access points I had to buy an add-on data package, which can be priced at MB per 30 day period, or they have a unlimited call/data plan for a fixed price per day. I like having options.To get mobile data to work I had to hand enter an access point name (APN) for AT&T.; The the edge icon came on and I was in business.Just google APN and android and ATT.The phones are not running the latest Android version, not that that's a show stopper. And if you're a version snob you can upgrade the firmware yourself. KIES software comes that lets you easily bring in media from your PC like pictures and music. The phone itself is kind of small and compact compared to the bigger Galaxy S or motorola or HTC smartphones. My wife likes the size, I could do with a bigger screen but the nice thing is this one will slip in a shirt or pants pocket easily. You can tilt the screen sideways to make typing on the virtual keyboard easier.If I only used WiFi instead of mobile data I could probably go like 2 months on a $25 airtime refill. Even with a data plan I'm convinced this is cheaper than those long commitment plans.The phone also has a GPS and an FM radio but I really haven't used them much. An app is on the phone that shows your location on google maps, but it's not a replacement for a Garmin GPS in your car since you need live data via a data plan. It's handy though, but since the GPS eats power I usually leave it off.These being european versions of the Corby, the charger included is the two prong euro type, with a snap on american outlet adapter. So much the better if you plan to visit europe. They also charge and sync from a mini usb cable, the phone's power connector seems smaller then the standard micro usb connector.It has an "airplane mode" that saves power and turns GPS, WiFi and Mobile data off.Overall, for like $150 you can have a decent little Quad band GSM Samsung android smartphone and choose whatever kind of service you like. And you can change carriers any time you like. That's only a little more $$ than a flip phone.Overall slightly more tinkering required than a phone store but you can definitely save money -and- still have a smartphone.People think they're getting a good deal when they get low or no cost subsidized phones but trust me... you will pay for the phone. There's no free lunch!Not a perfect smartphone but a solid performer.Recommended.  :)

Bought this end of October 2011 - 2 stars for the 4 months that it worked.  Died today (March 1, 2012) with no warning, no reason, and no warranty.

This phone seemed ok...but it is hard to navigate, difficult to understand how to operate and generally not user friendly.  I would NOT recommend this phone under any circumstances.

I purchased this phone for my Godson in Ecuador.  This phone has been used a lot.  The wifi works great.  Since it is a global phone, he was able to purchase a Sim card from Movistar in Ecuador, and the phone works perfectly.  I visited him this summer for six weeks, and he is very pleased this this phone.

It's a phone made for the UK, delivered to the US in an opened package, because the seller included a US plug converter, and of course without warranty.  A few days later I found it at Fry's for the same price, and same features (unlocked, quad band). If I only knew, it's nice to be able to return it easier, although only for 15 days.It came in time, and had everything in the package: phone, charger, plug converter, headset with microphone, battery, manual.I'm an iPhone user, and bought this to use overseas, it accepted the tMobile sim card, and works well as a phone, so I expect it to work in Europe. As a decent smart phone, has Android 2.1 made by Google, does much more then placing calls.It freezes, every once in awhile, but that is mostly because of the OS, I plan to upgrade it to a newer Android release.Has a good wifi, connects fast and keeps it well. The GPS is useful, but in the agglomerated urban areas the inherent triangulation is more accurate in maps, so you can turn GPS off and only use it in the sparsely populated areas with less communication towers.It's a little small for people used with iPhones, and Android is no iOS, but if you can renounce the Apple dogma, and accept the Google dogma, it is a cheaper, although a much less elegant, solution.

I thought I had a problem with this seller. He contacted me to make sure things were right. In fact, he went overboard to do so. Even if he hadn't corrected what was a small problem, which he did, I still would have given him 5 stars due to his extraordinary effort to do business in a way which was customer oriented.

**I just wrote this review for the Comet and I compared it to the Samsung Galaxy 5 Europa.  I will be a bit lazy and paste it instead of re-writing things.  It should still be moderately helpful to you, so dont complain.  Thanks.**Hello, I was hesitant to buy this (Huawei Comet) phone due to reading reviews which said it did not get 3g, SIM card did not work, etc.  I got this phone for about $60 in used condition from ReliableCellular (I thought the back cover would be blue..it is black.  However, they did include a USB cord and charger which the ad said would not be included!)  Shipping took a few days longer than desired (but not longer than approximated) but the device arrived in great condition...not 1 scratch on the screen (which can affect Swype typing/screen selections), only several small scratches on the back.  I am SO satisfied with this phone...I will certainly be keeping it!  However, I am sending back a phone which I got for slightly cheaper: Samsung Galaxy 5 Europa (i5500).  Aside from it only getting EDGE (which I knew before buying it) the screen response was very inaccurate (Swype as well as recognizing taps), it was SLOW to react (5+ seconds for basic homescreen selections...much much slower loading websites) whereas the U8150 Comet is usually brisk (1-3 seconds to open a homescreen item, about 10+ seconds to load a webpage.)  I saw a video review complaining about the lack of buttons on the side but I like that aspect.  Often times side buttons are activated while I have a phone in the "car mount" since the car mount arms squeeze the side of the phone (I navigate a LOT).  I have not had such a problem with this phone yet and the only concern would be volume, not camera also being activated, or the charging port being blocked (all were worries that I had with my often laggy MyTouch 4G Slide Dual core phone which I just sold.)  The video also made it seem like the middle d-pad would be difficult to use and it does look quite flush against the phone in pictures..but it is not.  It is raised enough for me to click up, down, and side to side with zero problems (I mainly use it for scrolling a screen or editing between tiny letters).  Oh and the screen on this phone is brighter than on the Samsung Galaxy 5!  I had them side by side at full brightness.  The colors were less faded/tinted on the U8150 Comet..more Neon-like and the homescreen icons - even though the screens are the same size - were slightly larger on the U8150.  I was worried that the slender vertical buttons would become painful to fingers but all buttons on this phone feel perfect: enough resistance to resist an accidental bumping into but enough give to prevent one from needing to press hard.  This has TONS more built-in widgets/shortcuts than the Samsung Galaxy 5 Europa.  For example...instead of merely a Settings shortcut, I can have a shortcut to Bluetooth within settings.  There is also a readily available music toggle widget which the Samsung did not have.This came with Android 2.2 as did the Samsung (which I think was "rooted" (and perhaps didnt have the official 2.2 since I saw "root-..." under the Samsung's version info) yet the U8150 came with 5 screens...the Samsung came with only 3 screens which I was able to bump up to 4 screens by tweaking a homescreen setting.The Samsung came with horizontal menu scrolling and I didnt see a way to change that.  The U8150 Comet has vertical scrolling - which I prefer.The battery life seems slightly better on this phone than on the Samsung but both were used phones/batteries so maybe the Samsung's was older...I dont know.  This phone is more obedient and predictable.  Even when I had the Samsung Galaxy 5 on SILENT, it would make a kind of loud vibrating/buzzing noise when I unlocked the screen (haptic feedback was off..everything such as that was turned OFF.)  Both the Samsung and the Huawei U8150 Comet did that but the Comet's sound is much lower.  You can get rid of that unlock vibration by making it unlock via Pattern (probably by code as well.)  I dont like a loud phone...so it annoyed me that even at the LOWEST volume settings, the Samsung was loud (yet voice volume was only "okay" when set to the loudest level...odd.  The U8150 Comet is louder on calls.)  The Comet has an actual LOW to semi-high ringing range.The negatives of the U8150 Comet?  Camera - very blurry/out of focus...even worse than I had anticipated and worse than the Samsung Galaxy 5 in the same lighting (which admittedly was dim)Screen seems a tiny bit fuzzier than on the Samsung Galazy 5 but the improved brightness, colors, and viewing size is more important to me.Android Market/Google Play - I have been prevented from downloading 1 or 2 things that the MyTouch 4g was able to download...but not big surprise there.  Just thought I should let you know though.  One of them was Yahoo Voice/Video calling.This lacks the handy "recently used applications" section in the upper notification bar area (which the Samsung Galaxy 5 also did not have but the MyTouch 4g did have) but holding the Home button gave a similar effect.This phone does not have a widget-like data control panel built into the notification area whereas the Samsung Galaxy 5 did.  But I think the homescreen widget is nearly as convenient.Overall, this U8150 Comet is a great substitute for my old MyTouch 4g.  Worse camera, but faster reaction times.  Slightly worse website loading speed, but about 1/3 the weight of the MyTouch 4G Slide.  Oh, and the Comet gave me no problems with my T-Mobile SIM, or syncing gmail, yahoo mail, etc.  Recption seems the same as the Samsung or MyTouch...nothing amazing or bad.  If you are curious about "hot swappability"...this one's SD card slot is not.  The Samsung's was hot swappable/change out without removing the battery.  The comet has about the easiest to open back cover ever...just slide it down firmly and I opens. :)Happy shopping to you.

I just love this phone, and I'm very hard to please, even for this range of price. You can download many applications for free, my favorites are pdf acrobat reader and angry birds (Angry birds Rio is a little bit heavy for the processor, but works).I was a little worried because I've never had a touch phone, but this one blows my mind, Its sensitivity is great.GPS is amazing and the people in my cell company told me this one was the best phone for browsing the web (I belive them 'cause I didn't bought it from them). By the way the delivery was just great, I'm a recurrent costumer from Amazon and they never have let me down.The only thing that I don't like is that some times the phone tells me the micro SD card has been uninstalled (obviusly when not), I has happend about 3 times in 3 weeks. I hope is just dirt or something.

I brought this phone because of the price and functions but have been somewhat displeased with the purchase.  Firstly, I got the international version which came in Spanish.  I don't speak Spanish so that was quite interesting.  Because the phone was international, it was not recognized in the USA.  To upload the Samsung Kies update i had to use the Samgung UK website. Secondly, I find it very difficult to select items on the screen without touching the wrong selection.  I am a guy but i don't think my fingers are any bigger than average.  Thirdly, I find the menus confusing to get through.  I am getting there slowly and with time I'm sure I'll get there but for me this phone isn't really user friendly. Forth, If you want to do anything on this phone you need to have a Google Account with a Data Plan.I have never had a Smart Phone before so really wasn't sure what to expect.  I keep looking for free Android Apps since I am too cheap to buy them but all the free Apps i can find seem quite poor to me.  For me this Smart Phone is just a phone so be sure you know what you're getting into before buying one.

Great phone if you don't want to pay $$$ for 2 years contract. Works with wifi which is everywhere now and free, don't need a data plan.

The phone came locked. Can be unlocked. And it's an Android!If it comes locked for you too, and you are a geek, you can unlock it following the same instructions that I followed, here's how I did it:[...]You need to be a little bit geeky to do all what is needed to unlock it.Apart from that, it's a great phone for that price. It's an Android and that's great. I prefer this rather than an iProne.Doesn't have a multitouch screen.Has GPS, so google maps and all those maps applications work well.Has accelerometer, so you can play games like labyrinth, Speed X 3D, etc.Has compass.Has camera, not the best one, but has one (I never use it).Syncs with Google Contacts, Google Calendar, Google Reader...There are loooots of great free apps. Off course, lots of paid apps too.Here are some great free apps:Wunderlist (tasks list with sync with PC)Evernote (Notes with sync with PC)Thinking Space (Mind mapping)Locus Free (Maps that can work offline)Opera Mobile (A good web browser)QR Droid (Reader for those codes for mobile)Dropbox (file sync with PC, etc)

I've had this phone for over a year now.  When I got it (as a gift), I was thrilled beyond belief.  This phone has so many great features (everything I wanted except a built-in FM transmitter - I couldn't find any Android phones I could buy in the U.S. with one built in and didn't want to go to Nokia/Symbian).I am one of those rare individuals who has a smartphone with no data plan, so the wi-fi was really critical to me, but I've found that often the lack of data plan hinders me from actually using this phone, since most Android apps seem to require data access.I didn't really think this would be as much of an issue as it was since I was moving up from a smaller screen on a QWERTY-less phone, but the screen is really quite tiny and I often find myself hitting the wrong button because of the lack of finger precision (I have very slim fingers, too).One thing I didn't know until I owned this phone that I run into constantly is that most Android apps will default to being installed/upgraded on the internal hard drive and that some applications just won't install to an external storage card, which is probably fine except for the fact that this phone has a very tiny internal hard drive and if you go too long without connecting to data or wi-fi, all of your upgrades will try to run at once and then they will all fail because there isn't enough space on the hard drive for them all at the same time.The screen lock is a little iffy as far as not wearing down the battery, but once I had a hard case that covered up the screen, that wasn't really an issue for me.  I found for most of the first year that if I charged it for about 45 minutes every morning, it usually had near-full power all the time as long as I didn't use it for more than about 10 minutes a day.  Now, I get some days where the battery will drop to almost dead by 18 hours in without ever having picked up the phone at all.  I'm hoping it's just a battery issue, since I think mine was a refurb phone, so I've purchased a new battery to replace the original one.I generally disable the wi-fi on my phone when not in use because the wi-fi tends to wear down the battery.  With wi-fi, I've found that if I leave the phone running for more than a day on end, the wi-fi won't work until I restart the phone.There are about 5 apps I've run into now where the install process or trying to run the app will cause the phone to completely freeze up and restart on its own every time I try.  Doesn't really seem to be any rhyme or reason to what causes this, but it could be related to the wi-fi.

I'm brand new to the smartphone world and I really enjoy this phone. My son has an iPhone and I'm enjoying some of the same features at a lower price. The screen size is a little smaller than I thought it would be which makes it a little harder to type. The SWYPE function makes typing easier though. Overall, a good value for the technology.

The Phone is awesome. It comes in a different language. Once set to english, the phone is a smooth ride. It has wi-fi which makes it very good. Can upgrade the android version. Call clarity is good. Its a great smart phone for its price.

Simple andoid phone, good battery life, audio quality, and reception.  Poor camera.  Screen ok, but really too small for many apps.  Upgraded to Froyo and that works well.

After doing a little research to find the right phone for me I decided on this Samsung i5500. It is a good price for a mid-low end smart phone with a touch screen and Android OS. In general I am pleased with the phone as it met all of the criteria that I had expected when I bought the phone. My only complaint is that the user manual and phone were both in Italian when I received them. The only mention I could find on the listing that this might be the case is the tag "Europa" at the end of the product title. It was no big deal since I was easily able to change the language settings to English but it was a little disappointing to have to hassle with it since it was unclear that this would be the case.Thanks!

I loved this phone, it works perfectly, it has a quick response, a lot of the best Market apps are free, which means the phone has a lot of customization options, the WiFi range is great too, and it's unlocked and works perfectly in my country (Argentina).

Great deal for its price. Most android apps work fine on it. Got only one complaint... the battery doesn't last long enough, mainly when you use wireless or bluetooth.

I am highly disappointed with this android. It simply cannot connect to wi-fi, and even it does, it cannot remain connected more than an hour. There is no way to fix the problem (i have downloaded all the apps on online forums, tried and tried..), this phone is just a huge disappointment on my budget and Samsung brand. I actually bought it on January 2011, and tried for 3 months to fix it, and here I am writing my 'failure' after numerous trials. Any other brand would be better than this.

If you notice in the specs, no mention is made of the CPU, which is 600Mhz and it shows. I can't tell you how many times I've been running something as simple as google maps with nothing running in the background and it freezes for sixty to ninety seconds before even giving me the option to "force close" or "wait". For the prices, not bad I guess.  I bought this b/c I live in China and wanted an Android phone that could work here and the US, but I'll be selling this soon I think, the camera is really bad too and doesn't allow for me to take good pictures on the go when I'm travelling.

Long time Linux user, first time Android user's perspective: I picked up one of these and bought my wife a Google Nexus S in January of 2011. The screen is roughly half the size on this one & there is a very noticeable difference while trying to run games or failing to run 480p+ video content, but it works just fine for me. Bought it as a Sansa Clip+ replacement, and I'm extremely happy with it. No comments on voice quality, 3G/EDGE or GSM connection quality - I have yet to test the device with a SIM card, and am using it solely as a personal media player. (I.e. I got tired of waiting for a market enabled iPod Touch competitor)What it can do:* Angry Birds - Some lagginess when a media player is cranking MP3s out in the background, but no major issues. Occasionally hangs up & has to be killed in lengthy sessions.* Voice search - Requires installing the speech-to-text synthesizer, but impressive accuracy & works fine on this limited hardware.* Froyo - The Latin America firmware seems to work. Not accessible through Samsung's provided Keis software, but available from third parties.* Speaker - Respectable music playback & spoken word playback for its price range* Camera - Take decent stills for its price range.* Unplug/Plug-in pause/resume - Addictive feature, but likely common to many Android devices.* Decent battery life - I've been charging it every two days or so, with regular use of the Wi-Fi in the evening and 3-4 hours of daily use as a media player with the screen turned off. Otherwise always kept in standby. (Again, this is SIM-free, no GSM radio usage.)* Wi-Fi - WPA2 Wi-Fi support. Tethering seems to be an option in the Froyo firmware. Didn't check the stock.* MicroSDHC - No issues & good solid seating for my 16gb MicroSDHC card. Located behind the snap-on/snap-off battery cover, but the battery does not have to be removed to get to it. A 1 or 2GB card was included with the phone.* Video - Converting to a lower bitrate seems to be necessary for most of my videos, but no complaints. Small enough screen that there's nothing to be gained from sticking with higher resolutions.What it does poorly:* Wi-Fi disconnections - With both with stock firmware and the official Froyo build, my experience has shown the device to be prone to dropping the Wi-Fi connection when in use by certain apps, or more commonly when leaving.* Volume levels - I frequently find myself wishing there was some sort of equalizer or system-level volume boosting functions I could use to compensate for low volume levels in certain audio tracks. Fine for normal music, but often inadequate with soft-spoken announcers in audio books and podcasts with heavy traffic noise. I will definitely have to buy amplified headphones prior to taking flying with this device.* VPN connections - The Froyo VPN tool looks nice enough, but is extremely finnicky.* FM Radio - Depends on a wired set of headphones for the FM antenna. A common problem, but slightly annoying.* Apps-to-SD - This Froyo feature seems to be somewhat overrated. Frequent problems with apps that say they support the move, but then disappear from the application menu afterwards. Still, even after giving up, with some 30 apps installed, I have 30.8Mb of the 170Mb of internal flash available. Apparently this just isn't that big a deal.What it won't do:* Multitouch - Unfortunate, but made up for in large part by the numerous buttons & the D-pad.* Flash (bulb) - It doesn't have one, not that many do in this price range.* Flash (Adobe) - The processor seems to be incompatible with the current builds of Adobe Flash. Haven't personally tested it, but it's not all that likely to work. There may be other workarounds.Notes for battery hoardin' folks:* Uses MicroUSB chargers - Tested with BlackBerry charger & a solar charger without problems.* 3.7v, 4.44wh, 1200mAh li-ion battery. M/N: AB474350BUA few quick 5500-tested App recommendations: MortPlayer Audiobooks/Music, BeyondPod, Pulse, Aldiko, Comixology, Droid Comic Viewer, Angry Birds, and File Expert (That last gives integrated FTP & HTTP file management - I basically never use a USB connection for data transfers.)Market glitches from use overseas, in Chile (not yet in the paid-app country white-list):* I don't know whether this is because of the firmware or my physical location, but it was impossible to obtain numerous free apps and ANY paid apps out of the box or after updating to Froyo. Using the new web-based app market, I can see paid apps, but none will allow me to install and many apps that ARE available through the normal market refuse to install due to "carrier restrictions" on this unlocked, SIM-free phone.* Free apps I was unable to install included: Amazon's Kindle & MP3 stores, Google Books, the voice-to-text synthesizer, and Google Listen. Free apps loaded on the phone that I was unable to update included Gmail, YouTube, and Google Search.* The issues above can be wholly resolved using Market Enabler, but that requires rooting the phone. I would be very interested to hear if a VPN to the US or simply being present in the US or another country with paid-app access has these same issues.[Aug 2011] A couple quick updates, six months in:* Wifi disconnections - This proved to be largely an issue of signal strength. This device has a perfectly usable wireless range, but it's still not quite as good as some other devices in my appartment. A second router and setting the wifi sleep mode to "never" or "never when plugged in" was enough to resolve this issue.[...]* GSM use - Took the device home to the US on vacation and picked up a prepaid TMo SIM. Worked just fine, but only EDGE (at least using the i5500L Froyo ROM). That was enough to eliminate the need for the Market Enabler. Allows purchase of paid apps even after my return to Chile.* Battery life update - Massive change in battery life when I was stateside. With heavy use of the browser & Google Maps and occasional use as a phone, I found myself needing to change batteries at mid day every day while on vacation. Fine for tooling about town, although it still drained much quicker than w/o a SIM, but constant Maps use while playing the tourist in NYC absolutely killed the battery life.

I didn't want to subscribe to a $15 data plan and wanted to a phone that works well on Wifi. This is the perfect phone I can get for the price. Screen is slightly smaller than other smart phones but does everything that others do.

I bought this fone mainly bec of its low price as an android and wifi feature. I didnt want to  sign up for extra data plans. So far im happy with it. Works well with my carrier. Connects to wifi pretty fast. Has had no issues with lagging or the screen freezing when browsing the internet. Downloads apps using wifi with no problem. Has you tube in it already when i got it so that was a plus. Battery life is not that good. I had to charge it everyday. But i downloaded an app to save battery life but didnt make much of a difference. With its 2.8 inch screen size, texting or typing was a bit challenging esp since i hve medium-size fingers. Call quality is good, though. I actually like its design, very sleek.Overall, a nice small fone with lots of features and capabilities.

Most android phones are more expensive than this, so this is a good phone for the price.  You get a lot of features so it is worth it, despite its weaknesses.Weaknesses:- touch screen doesn't always react when touched- using camera often hangs the phone.  You will have to shut it off to reset it- Lots of apps won't work on this phone.  Sometimes the android market will not let you install.  Other times you will install it, but it just won't appear on your screen.- USB interface to computer is touchy.  Sometimes your computer won't recognize it.  There is no good PC "desktop" either.- when talking on the phone, the touch screen can sometimes react without your intent.  To help with this problem, the screen locks while you are on a call. This is a hassle when you need to press digits on the keypad while on the phone.- it is hard to see incoming calls while you are already on a call.  I tried to change this option to warn me audibly, but it doesn't work -- just says "unexpected response from network" .  Hope you don't get a lot of calls.

This phone has all the necessary things to keep in touch. You have to be really close to the wifi spot, but in general the wifi antenna is good. I've used an HTC wildfire also, and in general, this Samsung has nothing to envy the Wildfire.

As a phone alone, there is no problem with the GT-I5500, which works with T-Mobile.  The main issues start when you want to use the unique features that are advertized by Amazon.  The write-ups note that it has Android 2.1 and it is upgradable to 2.2. or 2.3, which I need badly, in order to add languages not originally installed on this smartphone, as well as other features and better speed that comes with 2.2 firmware.  Samsung US claims it is made in the UK and they can't help.  Samsung UK claims that since I bought it in Amazon I should go back to Samsung US.  Samsung USA claims it has no US warrantee so I should go to Samsung CA.  Samusung CA claims I should go back to Amazon and seek their help.  Amazon claims that the warrantee period is only one month, so I am stuck.  Samsung suggested to upgrade it with their own software, but they warned me that this voids their guarantee.  I wish to caution potential customers to stick to products made and sold in the US and having US warrantee which should be honored, and not trust Amazon for help. If you buy it from Amazon, you are on your own.

I purchased this phone for a trip to Europe, not the UK.  The phone is pictured with the EU charger adapter but it came with a UK adapter which isn't the end of the world because I already have power adapters... I was looking forward to having a charger for which I didn't need an adapter though.  Unless I'm missing something, this phone is not multi-touch capable as one might assume an Android phone should be.  Map and image zoom can only be done with + or - icons in the corner of the respective apps; two finger "pinch" gestures for zoom do not work.  So far all of the features I have tried work including GPS, data over WiFi, data over the GSM using a SIM card with a data plan (verified data access by turning off WiFi and using a web browser).  Haven't tried a call here in the US yet but will update this post if it doesn't work as expected.  There is this one common issue with the Google voice search though which may be related to the fact this is an unlocked, world, quad-band phone.  The Input Language settings within the voice search itself has to be set to English (UK), rather than (US) or (Generic) English or the search box reports "Server Problem".  This is a wide-spread issue as documented on numerous forums.  Without the setting English (US) the voice commands to access contacts are rumored to not work.  Note that the language & keyboard settings can still be changed to English (US) independent of the voice search input.Update1:  The phone was also shipped with Froyo (Android 2.2), not Eclair (Android 2.1) as described.  Compass functionality is completely messed up in stock Froyo release.  Found lots of discussions mentioning compass worked with 2.1 but broken in 2.2.  If you are familiar with updating the OS ROM, there is a fix as Gingerbread (Android 2.3) unofficially does work on the Galaxy 5 although this at your own risk and only recommended for advanced users (and compass works but has minor accuracy issues depending on orientation).Update2:  After reading specs more carefully this phone will only receive 1G or 2G (EDGE) data speeds on AT&T;, for example.  AT&T; plumbs 3G data on the 1900MHz and 850MHz bands.  Europe almost universally broadcasts 3G on 2100MHz and 900MHz.  Note that the Europa Galaxy 5 only has hardware to decode 3G at the 2100 and 900MHz bands so unless your phone carrier does the same, you are stuck with 2g (EDGE) data speeds.  The "quad-band" part of this phone strictly refers to 1G, 2G, 2.5G formats (including voice) and I can confirm that all of these work in the US.  Many phones are advertised as quad or penta-band "3G" phones and eventually the same will be true of 4G.  For reference, carriers use one of the following bands  850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100MHz so be sure to check [...] (and information for your carrier directly) against the network/frequency band capability of any phone you intend to buy.

This is a great little phone, with many android capabilities. I've decided on it, to give a try to the android phone interface, compared to my long experience with windows mobile smart phones. It is generally a nice cellphone, with v. good price for a smart phone. Just be prepared to do some deciphering to change the default menu from an Eastern European language to English. Once done, most of things go fairly well after that.I'd list here my overall impressions after using it for about a week:1- Well built & light handset, with small screen, decent resolution (don't expect AMOLED sharp, but it is good)2- Responsive capacitive, single point touch screen (so no pinching or any other two-touch gestures).3- This is essentially the i5500 Europa, which has the android 2.1, and android market access.4- The camera is OK, but poor focus with mediocre images, so take it as it is, a phone camera.5- Registering into the android market was a little slow, but I did it through registering my gmail account via wifi only, then things started to work well after that ( I use them mainly with wifi, without issues)6- I'm trying to get the navigator to work with offline maps, but it seems tricky, I'll give update if I get it to work.7- Using the supplied Keis software on win 7, I was able to sync with my outlook directly for calendar & contacts, in addition to Google sync too.8- Finally, downloading the android app killer app is a must, so you can keep your phone running smoothly.All in all, a great smart phone, with good and peppy operating system that you can try with pleasure, without being forced to commit to the obscene mandatory data charges & 2Y contract extension with your service carrier.

This "smart" phone does nothing without Internet. All that my wife wanted was a phone that would keep her calendar and events. I decided to buy her something a little better and purchase an Android. She cannot store calendar events on this phone because it requires Internet. No problem, we took it to wi-fi. The phone connects to the wi-fi network, but told us we needed a "data plan" to connect to Internet (btw, we are able to connect to Internet on our laptops over the same wi-fi network). So, I relented and paid for a data connection. After doing so the phone told us we needed wi-fi. It became apparent that the phone would not connect to Internet no matter what we did.So, I having been a software engineer for over 20 years, figured there must be something wrong with current firmware. Sure enough, I found reports all over the web about people having problem with this model connecting and that the firmware should be upgraded. Samsung has a software called "Kies" that you download on to your computer and manage firmware, media, software etc on the phone. So, I downloaded the 70MB software from Samsung over our 3G network, 45 minutes. I ran the software (takes about 90 seconds to start), to be greeted by a prompt saying I needed to upgrade the software. I was a bit frustrated that Samsung didn't keep their site up to date, costing me another 45 minute, 70MB download.So we got the new software which did confirm that the phone required a firmware update. Great! I thought. Now we're getting somewhere. Kies downloaded the firmware and crashed while leaving a topmost window on my desktop. Alt+Ctrl+Esc was the only way to remove that.So the phone doesn't work, Samsung's update software doesn't work and there are 238,000 page matches on Google if you search for "Samsung Kies Crash". I've searched through many of them and tried the suggestions without result.If you have $120 to throw away, send it my way, but avoid this absolutely worthless phone!!!

A 1 starrer..!! This is why -1. First, and most important - the phone would turn off every now and then without any apparent reason! This is a horrible thing to happen as I would suddenly discover that my phone is turned off, and I am not sure for how long it has been off and how many calls I have missed! And that's not all; here comes the even worse part - Most of the times you cannot restart the phone without first plugging in to it's charger (even though it is fully charged)!! Now if you are outside, or do not have the charger with you, just pretend you belong to the pre-cell-phone era till you get back home! Grrrr....2. The in-built GPS never worked. It will keep trying locate you and finally fail! That means all those funky apps which use GPS data are not for you!3. Thought updating the firmware might help resolve the issues. Tried doing that and surprise - it failed! It gave me a message that this phone is not eligible for firmware update!! Great!4. Tried to live with this "phone" for about a month after which I gave up and decided to return it. Then comes the final surprise! I tried to 'Factory-Reset' the phone, and that failed too!! I tried several times in many different ways, but with same result - it was unable to factory reset itself. Obviously I could not return the phone without factory resetting it as it had my google account configured in it and there was no way to remove it without factory resetting it.So there it lies, at the corner of my room, gathering dust, while my $140 is enjoying in somebody else's pocket!!

Does what it's supposed to do. Just inserted the SIM card and my existing service connected immediately. Everything works, WiFi, GPS, camera etc.,First experience with Android and enjoying it.

I bought a cell phone, a Samsung Galaxy i5500 but they sent me a Blackberry 9530.I didn't ask for Blackberry. I wanted to buy a cell phone with Android technology, that's why I bought the Samsung Galaxy i5500.I have no way to send the mobile to change. It would demand too much work to do it in Brazil.I'm so disappointed with Amazon.com, so that I'm claiming for may consumer rights.I never had that problem before , and now I have a phone that does have no use and I will not even use it. I think that I will never shop at Amazon.com again if I don't have my refund or the phone I asked for.

I bought this from another vendor back in 2011 (it was $178 at the time -- the cheapest name brand smart phone....price has gone down significantly!).  Then I bought another one for my mom in 2012 from Amazon.  Unfortunately she lost it a year later.My phone still runs great 3 years later.  It got dropped, tossed, and kicked.  I've dropped it a few times on concrete to the point where the back case and battery popped out; yet it still worked without issues.  And aside from scratches on the case, it held up perfectly.  Just be sure to find a good protective case to make it last longer.The speed is nothing to be proud of.  It is slow.  That's because it's a very small inexpensive phone that's meant for light internet use.  If you just like to check email or facebook, this phone is great.  The browser is slow as dirt, but again, it's not meant for the hard core internet user.  Games are hard to play due to the small screen size, but i managed to get a few playable games in there.Perfect for your middle schooler who wants a smart phone.  It won't break the wallet if they abuse or lose it, but it's a smartphone nonetheless.  So if you want speed and more options, pay for the newer Samsung Galaxy phones.  But if you just want a phone that has Android and can keep you connected to email, this would be perfect for you.

Works for me, indeed. I have only downloaded about 10 apps or so and it has worked perfectly. It does crash, like, all the time, but i'm sure it has to do with the apps i've downloaded.Everytime I drop it accidentally, the back lid comes out and so does the battery, so it restarts, making you lose all of the work you've done {if you haven't saved it yet}.Something that bugs me a lot is that sometimes, the phone hides all my apps, even the factory ones, and I can't do anything. Even tho I restart it, they won't come back until days after.If you want to brag about your phone, then don't buy this, it's a really small and {i'm so sorry, Samsung} ugly one, so if you're giving this to a teenager buy a S3 or an iPhone {they're not so expensive either}.I bought this for my daughter {she's 14} 'cause I broke her iPhone, but i'm getting her a S3 mini 'cause I compared phones and I thought that one was the best for her, for she loves taking pictures and spending hours talking to her friends.Overall, it's a really good phone, but it has many software problems.

I bought this phone for my wife.  She stays at home and only uses cell phone occaionally.  We've had this phone for over 3 months and we never dropped the phone.  Most of the time it works ok, but we noticed that it loses power completely a few times and pressing power on button won't help.  To fix the problem, I had to open the back cover and take out the battery and put it back in so the power will be resumed.  I think the battery is just too small to tightly fit in the holder so the electrods won't touch.  It can be an really big issue if my wife needs the cell phone in an emergency situation and it doesn't have power.  I'm very disappointed with this cellphone and I would not recommend anybody to buy this.

Hi, i just got the Samsung Galaxy Europa GT-I5500, it looks great, but the wifi don't work, i have to be 2 feet close to router antena for it works, dont buy this cell phone if you are goin to use the wifi

If you don't want to mod your phone you should look else ware.  As soon as I got this phone I loaded on custom firmware to run Android Gingerbread 2.3.5. I used the Cyanogenmod7.1 from Madteam. The phone works fine on T-mobile & AT&T in the US. I'm not a fan of large phones so its nice to have Android in a small form factor. I'd also suggest getting the Swype  keyboard app some one handed texting is easier.

I've had this phone since mid January and I have little to complain about. I had two windows phones and a few messaging phones prior to the Galaxy5. I use this phone on AT&T; with internet on my contract - Which isn't NEEDED but highly recommended if you intend to download apps. It synced up with my gmail quickly and I had no compatibility issues with my computer (running windows vista) So time for Pro and Cons.Cons:-This phone does not arrive in English (select: 4 square icon, A in square, top choice, and then scroll through)-MP3's are not able to be set as ring tones. There's apparently an app for that, but I haven't gotten around to downloading it as it's not a huge priority to me.- You need the headphones to receive radio stations - also not a deal breaker and i don't use the radio anyway but it just seemed kind of dumb.- IT DOES NOT COME WITH A US. STANDARD WALL CHARGER. This is kind of important. It does however come with a USB cord, so you can get one of those usb wall plug things if you need it for traveling or just use your computer.- It does not get 3G on ATT...it may get G, but i'm usually running off Edge or WiFi.- the face keys don't light up. This takes some getting used to when trying to use it in the dark.- if you write a very lengthy message it turns it into a multimedia/picture message...which is strange.Pro's-Touch screen is very responsive, rarely if ever laggy. The phone it's self is nicely weighted and you know all the hype about it being comfortable in your hand....completely true. I found this claim ridiculous when reading reviews about it before i bought it, but it really does just seem to fit in your hand nicely-Interface is decently set up, had to get used to hitting the menu button on the face to pull up options and menus since i was so used to having that an on screen option on my old phones.-Great introductory android phone, it offers the basic bells and whistles of Andriod phones (Live wallpaper, apps, games, etc) but in a smaller package.-I have kinda big hands for a girl and i can generally use the on screen keyboard with little error, plus it offers several types of text input, including predictive text, qwerty, Swype, the old school 9 button, and hand written.- calls are clear on my end and I've never had any complaints from anyone on the other end.-Silicon cases are cheap and easy to find on ebay.- I'm super impressed with the Wi-fi range, i was a good 20 feet from my house and still pick it up, I even get alerts of wifi available when riding in a car.-well built! I've dropped this approximately 3 feet onto the ceramic tile in my bathroom, it landed screen down, my heart stopped...I picked it up, there wasn't even a scratch.EDIT (Jan 15 2012 - 1 year of use)I've had this phone for a year, and it worked like a dream until I had upgraded to the official 2.2 release a few months back. If you're considering this phone with the thought of updating it to 2.2 Don't do it, It's ridiculously unstable, the use of my phone went so downhill I almost wanted to throw it against a wall. The wi-fi became unusable unless I used a static IP, which meant I could only connect to my home Wi-fi - and even then it didn't always want to connect, It would get "the sleep of death" which basically means it would go into suspend and not turn back on.HOWEVER if you're comfortable with user created roms and if you are/know someone who is tech savvy I had my boyfriend flash an un-official rom of 2.2 known as Motofoca, it has it's short comings too, but nothing downloading a free app didn't fix. Since the using Motofoca it has been much more stable, and the best part the wi-fi works as it used to, I still occasionally get the sleep of death but only once since i've flashed to it.

The device is cheap.It works OK. processor is a bit slow.a solid samsung product.3g data works fine.unlocked, I can use it anywherea decent travel phone, but it crashes sometimes and the screen goes black.easily updateable to android 2.2

It is not the beat one of cell phones, but i believe that for the price is a very good deal. It has most of nice functions, it works very well and has a nice design. It is possible uptade android system, but not for the last ones. The only problem is that internal memory is very small, although you can use a SD card for some things. Recommended if you cant buy the expensive ones.

I ended up returned the product. I reviewed the phone from local store before I ordered from Amazon. I should be ok with the phone itself of this model. The phone came in unlocked, wi-fi works fine, but having problems connecting to bluetooth earphone. 2.8in screen apparently bit too small. My biggest problem is that this phone appears to be too much like an European returned product dump in US market, as many other reviewers suspected. The phone came in with the seal opened. I understand it has to be opened to unlock, and I have used several unlocked phones ordered from Amazon, this one is the worst. By the way, the return was super convenient, service was excellent.

I use this phone for a prepaid T-Mobile account.  This only allows me to surf the web or get my email when I'm in Wifi areas, but that's fine since most of my time is spent either at work or home.  This means I have the same benefits of a smartphone, but without any monthly charges.  I'm shocked more people don't do this.The phone arrives speaking German, but you can find your way to English by doing the following: on the application screen, choose the icon that looks like a blue gear wheel.  In English, it will be called "settings."  Choose the blue gear wheel.The 10th item down has an icon that looks like a capital letter "A."  Press it.  Choose the first item that shows up and now you should be in a list of languages.  Go down until you see "English (United States)."  Press it.  Now your phone speaks 'merican!I've not had a problem with Wifi connections, though when it sleeps it does often break the connection.  When I wake it up, it automatically reconnects and then checks my mail (I really recommend Gmail with an Android).  The sync with Google is flawless otherwise.Another nice feature is that this order is fulfilled by Amazon, and therefore ships free.  It really has been a hassle free experience for my first Android phone.  Love it!

This is a very nice phone, small screen but quite usable especially if you have small-medium hands. People complain that the resolution is low but I think since it has a small screen, it is not a major issue. I was able to read web pages with no problems. Of course, this is no iPhone.One big gripe is that Google navigation on it does not work offline. So, if you don't have a data plan then the GPS functionality is pretty much useless. I wasn't able to find any other navigation software that will work on it. Maybe I wasn't able to locate it.Good Android phone, pretty fast for most everything. if the GPS Nav worked well it would be perfect. If Navigation is vital Nokia's have excellent free for lifetime navigation.Btw, Samsung, please release the Android 2.2 Froyo update soon! Thanks.

This is a great entry level android phone. Screen is responsive, without lag time and most apps work fairly well.  Phone reception quality is adequate. 2MP camera is not really worth taking decent pictures. For the money, you can't go wrong.

I bought this cellphone for my daugther and she is very happy, for the many apps it has. I am in a foreing country and we are in touch by mean skype, both speak under voip. And many amazing apps like games, music, etc become it a great cellphone.

I bought this from Amazon two months back. I was looking for an unlocked quad band phone which is not very expensive and can be used during international travel and I found this phone in Amazon. My  phone came with the android OS configured in German language, but it was easy to configure (if you can spend 30 minutes, the manual explains it ) the Android OS to English (There is an English manual comes along with the German manual, you have to compare both and using the settings icon you can configure the language). This is my first Android touch tone phone, and I really like it. The call quality is very good. It connects to my home WiFi network without any problem and I can browse net and can watch Youtube through WiFi. You can play angry birds also on this phone (have to download it), so my kids also like this phone. In my recommendation, its a good touchtone phone for the price and there are no strings attached.

The battery lasts 2 days maximum, the phone turns itself off, sometimes calls do not get, and it seems used comes with Andriod Froyo 2.2 installed. Sounds like a good phone but has many flaws.

I am very happy with this phone, the only disadvantage is dont have camera flash, the other items are very good.
