
Great phone but back door plate of phone, the camera lens are scratched they sent and extra one that was also scratched too.

The phone is easy to use and versatile.  It wasn't that expensive. It is small, sleek, and up-to-date enough for me.

Bought this for my nephew. He loves it! Thanks!

I ordered the iPhone 4 when my daughter lost her iPhone 5 and I replaced hers with mine.  There is nothing that I used on my iPhone 5 that I don't have at my fingertips on this iPhone 4.  It works perfectly!  I'm very happy with the price, the product and how quickly it arrived.

I really liked it. Just don't try to use it with Straight Talk because I had to give it back because of Straight Talk

Sometimes the button that you use to go to the home screen does not work. in the picture it said it came with head phones a case and a few other things.. witch I did not get,, I got the phone and a phone charger.. I was not happy and will never buy a phone off of amazon again.

Amazing!! I love my new iPhone it is absolutely great!!!

This is the best phone you can buy. It has so many features and it is very user friendly. I am really amazed with this phone and also to the things that it can do. Lots of free apps from apple. You should try have this one. It's great!

The product that I reviewed is an IPhone 4.  I will tell you an experience.  I got the ios 7 upgrade,and it took 1-2 hours to load and to upgrade.  When I got the upgrade,I was playing with my phone and I accidentally dropped it 2 times.  The next day I couldn't really see the screen because it wasn't bright enough. It turns out that the brightness was fully on.  The phone was on and working, but the brightness wasn't working. I could only see a little of the screen in front of a light.  I'm not impressed about the upgrade as much as I was before.  Here's the good news,I can probably get it fixed when the next upgrade comes out.  The bad news is,the next upgrade is in January of next year. I think that it is a good product overall.The product is an IPhone 4.  It costs about $100 to about $500 dollars. The colors of the IPhone 4 are: White, and Black. The IPhone has games,apps,utilities,and more.  The product is sold worldwide in most countries at Apple,Verizon,Amazon,Best Buy,AT&T;,and most Electronic Stores.  Some of the IPhone 4 features are: stock,photos,camera,messaging,email,phone,music,games,app store,wallpapers,and more.

Goodnight you buy a phone with a month ago ... I get like two weeks ago ... But I have a problem is technology CDMA and GSM here in Venezuela is .. I could not energize you a line call at phone ... When performing you purchase the carasteristicas inspecifican not the same .... now I have a phone that I may not use here in Venezuela ... I am very disappointed and incorforme ...

Phone was not new as advertised.  False back, issues with screen and speaker doesn't work.  NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER

This is THE best seller on Amazon and when you purchase a phone from happybook1, you are getting exactly as or if not better than described.  So, when my last phone (a very old LG Cosmos Touch) fell in the drink, took in just seconds of water, there was no saving it no matter what I did to help revive it; I began my venture.  I searched high phones and researched the low phones;  phones of all makes and models.  My adult daughter has had her iPhone4 for over a yr. and has just raves about it.  I of course had to explore this &#8216;rave&#8217; area as well.  With a few inklings swirling in my head and not wanting to extend my contract with Verizon I delved into Amazon to see what I could find.  Alas, I happened upon this phone!  Phone attributes Simple to use.  Fast data speeds.  More success with placing calls in problem areas.  Calls connect faster.  Fast internet connection using either Wi-Fi or Hotspot.  Palm friendly size.  Only two color choices.  But don&#8217;t most people use a cover or case these days?  Use as an iPod for music and HD videos, sounds are crisp and clear with great retina display.  Average picture ability, front, and back cameras with 5X zoom.  Long life battery for average talk and data uses.  Well ya'll can look up the specs but this is the precise phone I needed for my uses at the best price.  Being a used phone and purchasing it over the internet, I was very leery.  BUT I received it fast, well packaged, in great condition (better than anticipated), as offered from an honest seller.

I absolutely love my phone. It's awesome and I absolutely love it. It never leaves my side or anything. This phone was a present for me and I'm so glad I actually got it. Ive been needing a new phone and getting this phone just made my day and made my year.

The phone was broken and Apple said it was beyond repair.  Also, Apple said it had been previously owned by someone. So it was not a new phone.

I had gone with eBay prior to this and received a lost/stolen phone from the seller. I figured I need to look elsewhere. Amazon had a great deal with their personal customer support warranty. It was a good option. Upon receiving the phone early, it was in decent cosmetic shape and fully functional. That's all you can ask for out of a used phone.

PHONE IS GREAT EXCEPT MY GRANDSON DROPPED IT AND CRACK THE SCREEN BUT STILL WORKS GREAI, I ALREADY HAVE ONE AND LOVE IT

More than I expected.  Completely satisfied

Apple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - VerizonI purchased this phone as new. I have no reason to believe it is not. I had it activated 3 days ago and all has been well. I carried a Droid for a few years and it had been choking for several months. I have a work iPad and itouch and they have always been very smooth in operation. This iPhone 4 seems to be the same. I am not sure what market this phone was made for because the language was set for Chinese when I first powered it up. The USB cord seems a little cheese compared to the cord that came with the itouch. The Verizon store activated the phone with no issues. The spell check is far superior to the Droid and it does not reboot at will like the Droid did. The phone has been on for about 36 hours with light use and the battery is currently at 30%. The box did not come warped in cellophane like it would have if purchased from the Verizon store.I would buy another one from this vendor if needed. Should I have any issues I will update the review.

I love apple products for their durability and programming. It may not be the iphone 5, but it is the first iphone i have had, so it is great for me!

I received my new phone the first day of expected shipping! It was used but in mint condition. The only thing is the battery charger cable didn't work. But they sell them everywhere for $5 so I didn't mind at all!! Thank you

bad the device never worked in my country I had to give it away because it was damaged and also serves

looks great and has a great battery life. very fast and easy to use, Verizon is also a big help

This was false advertising. This was a USED, JAILBROKEN, AT&T phone with a BAD ESN number and was not usable. This person should NOT be aloud to sell anything on Amazon. This was my first BAD experience on this website. I will NEVER buy anything electronic or expensive off of it again because of this.

It was in excellent condition and it arrived faster than I expected.  It was in the original box.  Thank YOU!!

Thye said it was going to have some minor scracthces and it only had one minor scratch on the back, it was almost new and is working great.Cheap and quality. :)

I bought this phone looking at the title unlocked. But I open the package to find that there is no Sim card slot. You cant use it with any other carrier sim. The verizon sim is inbuilt as a CDMA carrier is what I gathered from some other blogs. This is total scam, dont buy it ..

The iPhone 4 is yet the best iPhone on the market its easy to use and it makes things very simple unlike other phones that I have owned in the past. I really like my iPhone 4 its also very strong so it doesn't break as easy so fast like my old phone did.

I am a 100% satisfied. I expected some scratches (there were none) The phone looks brand new.The product was as described. Excellent condition and everything works. I would recommend  this product.

I bought this seller 2 iPhone 4. He sold them as new, but when I got iPhones appeared that one iPhone does not work, and the other has scratches on the body. Still no description of the goods and did not indicate that the iPhones do not work in networks GSM. I want my money back! I do not recommend buying from this seller.

The phone works great for what I need it for.  The iOS was up to date and the crack was smaller than I thought it would be.

This was a great product. I loved it. I had the phone for a week and my child dropped the phone in lots of water. But thanks to Big Apple Cellular's great customer service they are willing to work on my phone for me to try to fix it. I really hope there techs can fix my phone. I miss it already. :(

DO NOT spend multiple hundreds of dollars on this. Now that the iPhone 5 is out, Verizon is selling them at an incredible discount, and I was even offered one for FREE! Honestly, don't be swindled.

I was super nervous buying an Iphone online.  I really felt like I was taking a risk.  So far, it has been a great decision.  I wish the prices were lower since the 4 is no longer even being produced, but the price was competitive with the other vendors.  I am pleased overall with the purchase.

IT DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, AND I AM SORRY WE DID NOT RETURN IT IN TIME TO BE REFUNDED AS IT GARBAGE.

Oh my gosh! My sister kept telling me they might have locked it and i couldn't use it and all these other stuff but I got it and it's amazing! A little dirty here and there but it looks brand new and its works perfectly!

Seller claimed all buttons were functional:  almost.  The home button was not functioning, so my industrious family searched the internet and found the programmer's back road around the problem: yay them!

cancel it

I bought this phone for my daughter. It was brand new. Very easy to set up. It was a great price, much better than waiting or an upgrade

Everthing else was okay but when I tried to open up the front facing camera it wouldn't open. The phone is in good conditon few scratches

Amazing! Everything went smoothly and worked right away. I would recommened this product to anyone who is looking to upgrade or get a new phone

It was  reported stolen or lost by Verizon so I had to get one from Verizon. But other then that it was good

The phone has a battery drain problem. Apple denies the issue, but, Verizon insists it is an issue. I have met several other Iphone 4 users with the same problem. I went to the Iphone store and they would not give me an appointment until later in the day. They deny there is any issue. Verizon says there is nothing they can do as even a new replacement would have the same problem. Both of them suggest charging it every couple of hours. I think Apple has gotten too big and independant

Received the phone and the home button was broke had to pay $70 to get fix because son was looking forward to his phone for Christmas

I was disappointed with the product because after a week the screen stopped working. Verizon told me it looked like it had water damage. I was happy that the company said they would fix it or reimburse me, however it was a huge hassle and I should not have been sold a dysfunctional phone in the first place.

The phone was exactly as described, maybe even in a little better condition than what the seller gave it credit for. The phone arrived much earlier than expected, wrapped in good packaging. I've had the phone for about a month now, everything still functions very well, including the battery. Very happy with my purchase.

This phone was just as advertised. In essentially new condition and works perfectly so far. This is an attractive alternative to the &#34;get a free phone&#34; come ons by the major service providers, which is a hook to have you sign a two year deal. I bought this phone, transferred my existing plan to the iphone and did not miss a beat. I think it is the way to go for folks who, for whatever reason would prefer not to enter a new two year agreement with the provider. Would do this again.  Phone was also delivered promptly after purchase. Happy to give this an excellent review.

The phone works fine, except that the voice memo function doesn't work. For such a good phone at such a great discount, that's fine. Also, I had ordered this same phone from the same dealer, and the camera took fuzzy pictures. They were great about exchanging it for the one I have now at no extra charge.... and quickly.

It got here pretty fast, & when it did I couldn't be anymore happier with my purchase. Thanks a lot!

I hate apple and apple products. Base both on principle and on functionality (or lack thereof).That being said I guess this phone is great for old people that aren't tech savvy. I bought this for my aunt.

Love the phone. Only issue only issue is my home button doesn't work all the time. Was able to add one to my touch screen though.

its was crap it wasnt like the first one i got i paid 260 but it will due for now because i need a new phone

works great even though it was a used product. you wouldn't even know it. good value for the price. nice

I recently bought the iPhone from Planet Mobile. It appeared within three days with free shipping! I opened up the package and there was the box, iPhone, starter guide charger cable, adapter, and earbuds. The iPhone was upgraded to iOS 7. Other people mentioned that their iPhone was stolen, fake, or used badly. This iPhone is brand new for $180. The only reason I gave this review four stars is that when Apple put the film on the iPhone it had three bubbles. If you have screen protector your can take the film off. You may like the iPhone without a screen protector which if fine. The rest of the review is putting iPhone on Tracfone.I put the iPhone 4 on Tracfone for $99 a year! It is great, highly recommend it. I don't like to pay $50 bucks a month for Verizon! Tracfone's phone are ok in my perspective. This is an easy set up. I will give the number and website link for customer service or set up rep 800-323-2366 or [...]. When the website or customer asks for serial number put in or tells them your MEID number which is in setting, general, about, and scroll down. The customer service or website will tell you what to do next. I hope this will work for you because it did for me.

This was the best thing ever, cheap and came fast. BRAND NEW, with everything inside, no scratches or anything. Great shape, I would buy another one or anything from this seller. They don't give out false ads, everything is as great as it says, shipping came a day early my total wasn't higher and the phone is UNLOCKED. Which was the most important thing, no lies or anything. Everything was the truth and I would suggest anyone to buy their iPhone from them.

hi, i would like to know if the iPhone is unlocked? and if you can rate me from 1 to 10, the condition of the phone.thanks

I ordered this phone because it specifically said Verizon iPhone. When I received the phone it was actually an AT&T phone and I could not use it with Verizon. Although I was able to return it, I had to make a different order for a new phone. Not happy with the results, especially after this product is specifically advertised as a Verizon iPhone.

I purchased Ipnone4 16 gig. Very nice iphone. Set up was very easy online with verizon. Phone is performing perfectly.

I live in Venezuela. I just bought an Iphone4 verison. Just got the phone to my house, and I realize that no slot for the chip. And when I find that being "verison", does not have that option. For those who do not live in USA recomensable would explain in the product description, this difficulty, because now I have a phone in Venezuela that can only be used in USA, for lack of information.Apple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - Verizon[[ASIN:B004ZLV5UE Apple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - Verizon]

Doesn't come with the slot for chip (for the line)In some countries we just use the line WITH the chipThe seller doesn't said that iphone whit the carrier VERIZON, comes without chip.

I JUST RECEIVED MY IPHONE 4 THROUGH FEDEX YESTERDAY AFTER PLACING MY ORDER ONLY A COUPLE DAYS AGO. SO SHIPPING WAS PRETTY QUICK. IT CAME IN THE ORIGINAL BOX WITH EARPHONES ANS CHARGER INCLUDED. IT ALSO CAME WITH FRONT AND BACK PROTECTIVE PLASTIC.  I HAD NO PROBLEM ACTIVATING THE PHONE. OVERALL IM PRETTY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT SO FAR. IF ANYTHING CHANGES ILL MAKE SURE TO UPDATE MY REVIEW.  2 THUMBS UP TO THE SELLER! :)

Its an Iphone it does what it is required to do so not much else needs to be said really.

It came a day early, which was great! The phone is in great shape! No scratches, great quality, everything works! iPhone was packaged well and came with all brand new accessories. I would definitely buy from this seller again. Definitely recommend.

Came in excellent if not perfect quality u couldn't even tell it was used no scratches or blemishes wat so ever and came in original packaging with carger and headphones both wrapped up like never used above all came 3 days earlier than estimated arrival date! Over all very very pleased with purchase which was 140$ :)

I thought I was ordering iphone 4s, so am kind of disappointed.  Yes I could return it, but I have already set up my contacts and everything, and I just don't want to do that again.  The phone makes a strange clicking noise when I shut it down, other than that, it works OK.

Phone was a great deal and works perfectly fine and came as promised other then it wasn't verizon. The phone was under a small contract phone company and we were able to change it to verizon but still took use an extra 45 min in the store to get my number hooked to it

Very disappointed with the phone.  I may have to return the phone.  Again, I am very disappointed with the phone.

Son dropped his 4S in the street where a car ran over it and then there was no more 4S.  No insurance and so looked for a well priced 4 or 4S, which this one was the &#34;winner.&#34;  It works fine, looks good (even better once the Otter case went on) and more than satisfies my son's needs in a smartphone.  Good investment.

I really do not recommend purchasing these products, I made a purchase of an iPhone 4 and I get a box that said iphone 4 but had another phone that was not my order, no refunds are not recommended at all, first time I have incomvenientes with sellers on Amazon page

This was not what was looking for...I am looking for one with SIM card port...Information not was completed before I order it.

Brand new! It's better than spending 450$ at the verizon store don't waste your money there. I I I I

came in a day later. I opened the package, and it looked like I got a brand new iPhone. I love it.

Thought & Paid for NEW  iphone but upon activation with my carrier I found this phone was a refurbished phone....I did not pay for a refurbished phone I paid for a NEW phone.  FYI ....Not sure these are such &#34;good Guys&#34;

I've never bought anything refurbished & was VERY nervous about it but, not only did I receive it earlier than I thought it also was in great condition. It hasn't given me any trouble & everything works well. Plus I was just supposed to get the phone but was also sent a cord.

In general its a nice phone.  However, the return button is sticky and the Blue Tooth does not work. Otherwise its good.

I really love this, it's perfect and helps me with many things ! Truly a great smart phone. Buy this !!!

This phone was a great purchase!Well worth getting and there was very little scratches. Well worth the great purchase

I thought I was going to be brand new but turned out it was refurbished. I checked out the description and it said new. I was replacing the screen and the screws were stripped and the battery was re-glued. im not sure what happened there.

I am an iPhone repairman. I ordered this phone as a backup so I can offer a phone to clients while I repair their iPhones. The iPhone I purchased was in remarkably good condition. It took the upgrade to the new IOS 7 well. I could not be happier with my purchase.

no problems, nice phone. got the phone in two days. very happy with it.phone was well taken care of,thank you again!!

The home and power buttons were both more worn than I was led to believe.  I actually paid 60 dollars to get the power button fixed because it was so bad.

I bought my iPhone 4 16g from cellular kingdome as a refurbished phone and it is amazing! The phone is flawless, no scratches, cracks, or dents, looks brand spanking new, and functions like brand new. But 179 dollars ever spent (: and I received a day early!

I bought the phone as a new one but I was sold a refurbished phone. I knew that when I went to Apple store

My first Iphone and I am 100% happy. First of all, the phone was shipped right away and delivered a day earlier than expected. Also, I bought this phone for my wife and she loves it.

When I bought my last phone I got talked into an android. I hated hated hated it. I have used the iphone for several months now and all I can say is finally. I am so much happier with my phone.

the only way you know this phone is use is that is doesn't come with the box or manual , works perfect

Wow super duper fast. Its a beauty. My husband was super surprised. Thanks for getting it to him so super fast!

As the title states, this was my first iPhone.  After seeing my girlfriend get an iPhone 3 I became infatuated.  I ended up getting one when my contract was up about a year after drooling over it.  It was a great phone (I recently upgraded to the iPhone 5) and I would purchase it again if it weren't for the iPhone 5.  The amount of features it unlocked after coming from a non-smart phone is incredible.  The abundance of apps is great and the quality of the phone overall is superb.The battery life blew all my other phones out of the water.  The picture is crystal clear and the sound that comes out of the phone isn't bad.  It's better than my other phones (Samsung Glyde, Samsung Reality) but it's certainly not great. Call reception is great on Verizon, I've never had a dropped call and I get service where a lot of other cell users do not.My only qualms is that it doesn't support 4G and not all apps on the app store free or that great, but this is not the fault of the phone.Now that the iPhone 5 is out the iPhone 4 seems more reasonably priced and remains almost as great as the 5.  The iPhone 5 is WAY overpriced and doesn't do much more than the 4.  So overall, the 4 is a great phone and I would recommend it to anybody.

this iphone was posted as a 4s and it wasnt, it was a iphone4. the phone is messing up like crazy and its out of date so verizon wont do anything for me about the phone. it sucks nd i hate it.

This iphone crashed after six months only. Too bad. I wasted 300 bucks. The seller offered no warranty and the apple store did not either. We ended up trashing it. Never buy this phone . My experience was terrible!

The top sleep button brok 5 days after the warranty expired. The company never returned my phone calls and the phone is slowly falling apart. If they read this I WANT A REPLACEMENT.

The phone was exactly as advertised. Has worked great for over a month. Screen and back were scratch free. Shipping was very quick. Will buy another for my daughter.

A certain someone dropped his iPhone 4S 16GB and cracked the screen, so we were looking for a quick replacement on a budget. We opted for the regular iPhone 4 because it was a decent amount cheaper than the 4S. We chose to order a used version directly from Amazon Warehouse because we trusted that it would be in good condition.The phone we received worked fantastic, although it was definitely used. The only concern we had with it physically was that the power button was a little sticky. It doesn't make the &#34;click&#34; noise like most do when you press it. No visible scratches, even though we expected to find a few. Everything else seems to work perfectly. It also arrived in original packaging, and was packed well to avoid accidents during delivery.As for the phone itself, it's what you would expect from an iPhone. The difference in processing power is definitely noticeable when we compare it directly to the 4S. The new operating system installed well, and games and apps work fine. But there is definitely a noticeable lag.Overall, we are happy with the choice we made.

The charger that was mailed to me was defected. It would not work. I like the phone and it works great though.

I was very impressed with the responsiveness and speed of service delivered when I received this item. It was purchased around the Christmas holidays and I received it in less than a week. The item was in mint condition, as described online, and it even came with complimentary phone cases. This nice gesture really made the gift more special and was a wonderful was to show the Christmas spirit. I'm more than satisfied and will definitely use and recommend this supplier in the future. The supplier was honest, swift, and responsible with handling the product and it is very rare to experience this type of service. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!

This is the best phone I've ever owned. I absolutely love it. Is was in almost new condition. If you don't have an iphone, you should get one.

It's a really nice phone and with a contract you can have it for free. Also all your Friends will be so jealous!

Good buy but the home button is acting up a bit after 2 weeks of purchase. The home button worked well until after a couple weeks.

Other then a late shipment all is great with device haven't had any other issues on performance or usage. Works fine

Item was in really good shape.

This phone arrived WAY FASTER than estimated arrival , I bought the refurbished iphone & the description said itwould have signs of wear/scratches but I didnt see any this phone worked like it just came fresh out the box ....Thank youuu it was worth every PENNY

It's important to note who you bought the phone from in your review. For me, I bought it from Amazon Warehouse in 'used - good' condition. I expected a few scratches on the screen, just a home charger, and maybe a few scrapes. Turns out the phone came with the charger AND headset (new), had no scratches on the screen, and just some scuffs on the edges. Very happy. I chose to put my iPhone 4 on prepaid and it activated without a hitch. It had a clear/clean serial number.Excellent deal. The iPhone 4 is rather old but still functions great. Instagram, Facebook, Safari (internet), Twitter etc. all work great! This would be a good choice for an inexpensive iPhone on prepaid.

I like the look, but what I like most is how it sounds with good headphones is best for the media, and of course being a heavyweight, and operation of the phone is very good.....

Phone was advertised as new, new would mean still under mfg warrente, this one was out of by about 1yr. Had problems from 2nd day we had phone it would freez up & you could not use home button. It would take aprox 3 to 4 hrs to reset down load to factory default the reset. We had help from seller, but never knew that this was a known problem. This was found out when it was taken to an Apple store they told my Grandaughter  that it the A4 chip on all the early editions of this phone the chip was bad . To replace would cost as much as a new I phone 4s, not worth it.Sine I have high up connections with Verizon, they searched the ser. number and were able to replace this phone with a certified like new phone with its 1yr guarantee. I had already contacted the sell & was going to send back, but now was able to work with  Verizon, The replacement is working as it should,thanks to Verizon

This was for my sister who loves it. She says it has minor bugs but nothing she cant deal with. She is overall satisfied with it

just as they said it was great phone am using today. i like i love it ggggrrrrrrrreat no words can say enough

Unbelievable! I have no regret buying this product. It works as I expected and was delivered on time safely. I definately recommend this product to anyone who will have a need for it.

Ther is no slot for chip, and I could not  see any information about this before my shopping. I'm outside USA, so I couldnt send it back!

What can I say that everyone doesn't already know?  My husband just got this phone a month ago and LOVES it - he is still discovering all the cool stuff it can do and comes home raving about it (his latest love is that it is bluetooth capable, so he can use the phone to get directions from Google maps or listen to Pandora radio while he is driving (or both at the same time!).

Not too impressed with this phone after all the reviews it received!! my daughter has one also and she feels the same way...seriously for the price i was expecting more.  And one note to take in is once you download the ios 7 you end up w/problems...mine no longer rings!!!

quisiera saber si el telefono iphone 4 16gb es liberado y si se puede usar en VENEZUELA ? por favor espero respuesta inmediata.

Is it unlocked? Soy de Venezuela y necesito saber si es desbloqueado para poder usar aca con cualquier operador.. Posee sim card?

I absolutely love my iPhone, almost like new, the description was on the money.... and most importantly excellent price!  Now looking for iPhone 5

This supplier sent a phone that was still connneted to anither number so could not be connected or used.  Caused 3 days del.pay in getting a new phone.  Very unhappy.

great phone, works like new! I really am loving my new iphone 4! My new used iphone 4!! Great! love it!

This phone was a replacement when the one I had went missing!  I am very happy with it & can't even imagine how I managed without a smart phone!  Thank you, Amazon!

if you really have no need to use voice command for the extra money this is a great phone sounds great, resolution is great and the price was right when i found mine used i had the 8gb origionally and i dropped it in water for way to long for it to survive i got a hand me down windows phone (while using the windows phone i may of had a basic phone i never used it ) so i finally bought this and fell in love with it again its got the old school apple feel with still keeping up on basic apps, untill the 5s price tag becomes zero im sticking with the 4!

I bought one iPhone 4, but it is for Verizon only. I am using t mobile , no way I can use it, I want to return to the seller, but I can not contact home either

This Phone was better than I ever expected. It was flawless and works like new, and to top it off , it's a 16gb and was only $169.00 , with FREE SHIPPING !!! I love this place and I will be ordering more from City Tek.

I am very pleased with my phone works great, I have not had any problems. It was delivered in a timely manner. I would recommend this to my friends.

I bought two iPhones from this company. Both came in as planned and were in perfectly new condition. I would order from them again any time.

This phone arrived very quickly and was exactly as advertised. Doing business here was very easy and I experienced no problems.  The price for this used phone was right on target.

This cell phone work with CDMA band, the new tendency is the GSM band. The 95% of the countries work with GSM band, in my Country Panama in Central America only work with GSM band, but the seller dont say nothin about that. You have to be carefull

This iPhone 4 was misrepresented as being new. However, according to the Apple Store, it was refurbished and had water damage. My experience with this vendor was way below my expectations.

Works only in VERIZON. Don't have a place to put a SIM card. Sell it on BEST BUY. Don't buy if you don't want to use it at Verizon!!!

I was interested in purchasing this phone for our daughter for Christmas.  I always read reviews detailing user's experiences with products because I like first hand feedback on the pros and cons of expensive items I may be purchasing.Unfortunately this particular phone, sold by this particular company has nearly ALL product reviews that talk about the seller.  Isn't there a place to leave a rating for the seller too?  Am I missing something? It asks [specifically - FIRST QUESTION] How do you rate this ITEM? and you are able to give the ITEM a star rating.  Where is the word "seller" in that question?I can certainly find several other places where I can find a product review on this item, but for everyone leaving 1 and 2 stars because you are displeased with the seller you are doing the iPhone a disservice because it is an awfully nice phone and imo deserves not to be confused with this particular seller's shoddy service.I promise I am not being snarky - I have been shopping at Amazon a long time, especially at Christmas and but for the first time the reviews were confusing. I actually began to think they had done away with seller ratings and everyone was free to gripe in the product review section.

i really liked the phone but it took a dump on me the screen went black and whouldn't accept charger. I did enjoy using it for 7days.

For a used product its fine, great actually. The only thing is that one of the speakers are not working but other than that its fine. It dials work fines. TEXT, TALK, ETC WORKS FINE. So I have been using for about a week now and I like. first apple product I bought, will I buy another iphone NO! But I like this one. I just realized I'm more of a Andriod person! But The iphone cases I DO LOVE!!!!!!

It got here a little later than advertised, but other than that it was even in the plastic wrap and everything. Got it activated in about 15 minuets and I absolutely love it!!

GOOD NIGHT, THE PRODUCT LAUNCHES IPHONE 4S SENT TO FIT A LINE PROBLEMS IN VENEZUELA, THAT REASON I WANT TO RETURN THE PHONE TO ME WHAT COULD CHANGE ONE GSM WHICH YOU CAN PUT SIM CHIP O, CO Biggest THANK AND ANSWER THIS MESSAGE, THANKS

Over the weekend I got the Apple iPhone 4, and decided to go through Verizon. I was on straight talk and had an Ascend 2. I wanted to switch earlier, but just didn't have the funds. So being that the iPhone 4 was free, all I had to pay was 125 dollar desposit,and after that get a case since I have had previous bad luck dropping the phone. I like the over all design and lets be honest even though this thing is a 3G phone is still great. It's incredibly responsive. I have mine in a case but the touch pad is just right. I am tall and have long fingers. I need a big keyboard and the iPhone 4's keypad is plenty big for my fingers. Occasionally auto correct has me going back to correct a few things but its not nearly as bad as my previous phones with cricket/straight talk.By the way for anybody who has Straight talk let me just say that I'm in no way discouraging you from Straight talk. I was in a position to either buy a phone outright and pay the 49 to continue my service, or get a free phone and maybe pay a little more for luxury I hadn't previously had. I didn't have the 600 bucks for an expensive phone so I went with this phone. I'm going to be stuck with it for 2 years, but the way I see it is this. I love the phone. A lot of friends and even my brother do not like Apple, or the iPhone craze, or the perceived craze. But it works for what I need and that is the most important thing.I would definitely recommend the iPhone 4 to anybody who wants to give it a trial run. I fell in love with his little phone and I don't see why anybody else wouldn't. I'm on the 2GB plan and so far its all I need. Should I need more I'll adjust it. But as of right now I'm very happy with my new phone and also the switch to Verizon.So when you look at it from a perspective of what you need it works. Doesn't make you obnoxious for having an iPhone. Just maybe that you were a little curious. You decided to try and maybe you'll fall in love with his model. While itunes is great. Haven't used it yet. But I like it for everything else.Give it a try and maybe you'll surprise yourself. Happy hunting, and good luck with whatever you decide.

So I get the phone its just like they said looks good and works fine. Then comes the activation part denied it is still linked to another account so i cant acctivate it and use it so it is usless to me now what a waste of money!

The iPhone was in great condition, it was a great buy. I enjoy the iPhone, Its screen has no scratch at all.

I had ordered an unlocked phone but you, instead, shipped a phone that was locked on to AT&T;'s network.  The phone was not even labeled for their network at all.  Just by plain luck, I took it to AT&T; and discovered that it worked on their network.  Furthermore it was plain luck that I just so happen to have them for my service at the time.  Additional luck was that the phone line I was going to use it for was out of contract.  The final luck was my phone bill with them was paid up and current.In fact, I was in the process of returning it to you when I received the instructions on how to unlock the phone.  You did provide me a $62.00 credit off of the purchase of the phone which does not really off-set the aggravation I wen through but is a very kind thing to do on your part.The phone itself is performing according to expectations.Regards,Frank Fasano

I decided to purchase an IPhone 4, my wireless carrier did not have a black one available, so I purchased one from a seller on Amazon. What a great decision....the phone stated used however looked and operates brand new! Excellent purchase. Now I go to Amazon first for my purchases online. Previously I only purchased books and movies before.

The iPhone works great I love it, but I opened up the headphones the other day and one of  speakers was completely broken. Sucks...

The iPhone 4 I purchased through Amazon did not meet my expectations. The phone was purchased in December 2013 and stopped working less than 2 months after purchase.

This phone reeks of problems and glitches. It's awful and I'm stuck with it until July of next year. I've owned the iPhone 3 and the 4... I will not buy iPhone again.

Very good! But I did not want the operator model. It is a pity. So after consultations, I will return it to the seller it. This is a very unfortunate thing, I'd love to get this phone

it is useless. i can't use it since it doesn't have anywhere to put the sim card. the charger is not working as well.

I loved this phone when I got it, I truly did! But then about 3-4 months later my Apple ID became invalid, after spending a couple of month ignoring this I finally broke down and created a new account only to come across the fact that you need a credit card to use Apple ID. Well, the one I have has money on it yet it does not register. Thanks to Apple ID my phone has become useless as I can no longer download apps! Thanks Apple for making a product that is overly complicated! I hate you to the very bone of my body and will never buy any of your crappy products anymore! Now I have to figure out how to trade this phone for an android! errrr I can not take this anymore.

the camera is completely messed up. the quality is horrible, there's black specks and blurriness everywhere so the picture qualities are extremely low. i was very disappointed.

This phone is terrible!  It cuts out  and disconnects on most calls in the middle of conversations.  It feels like it is 1999 all over again when I had my first cell phone.  It is also extremely slow and takes 2 to 3 seconds just to register anything I type in for text, e-mail and everything else.  I wanted this phone to work well and really didn't want to return it because it is a hassle to have to return something through the mail especially when it is the only phone you have.  I don't know if it is just this phone or the model but this one is terrible!

I loved the price and the phone. I gave it a four because it said 16 gig, but it was actually an 8 gig.

Works great and love the features.  Only thing that I wish was better was GPS and luckily my son knew how to set the phone up, because it has a much different process using itunes than other phones.  Just takes a little longer, but a great phone

When I went to have my contacts transferred it was found that the two buttons need to switch did not work consistantly

Product dies on 11/10. Had it for 5 months and then it died. Took it to the Apple Store to see if they can repair it - was told it was repairable.

I purchased two iphones for overseas friends and found them not usable outside USA. so i returned both. They want to charge 20% restocking fee, i nodded. But i only received refund for one phone, I asked them why only refund one, they said i only purchased one from them. I realized another one came from another company but this company just took it as theirs. I have tried very hard to get my phone back but they refused to return citing all kinds of excuses.  This is actually stealing. This company may have good marketing skills, but really lack basic business integrity and ethics. Their product maybe 2 to 3 bucks cheaper than others, but dealing with them can be a nightmare.

All is great with the iphone, but I didn't give it a 5 star, because the only thing I dislike about it is that it does not have a &#34;back&#34; command.  On many of the settings if you want to go back you have to end your step and start over again.  Not like on Android, where you can just click on the 'go back' and it takes you a step back, not all the way out to start all over again.  I prefer simplicity.  However, I'm just getting used to it and I'm liking it more & more.  If you're very high tech and like lots of programs this is the phone for you.

We could not read the description so we did not know this was a Verizon phone. When it arrived, we figured it out and had to return it.

Replaced stolen phone with it. This one was was in very good working condition. No complains. Glad that we didn't have to buy a brand new one.

excellent I like it  but I an still searching for the unlock code

First two cell phones were awesome, however this time both cell phones do have little scratches. One additional problem is one cell phone is saying it can't be activated and coming some error message (pls contact with customer service if this message comes again). This needs to be fixed by the sellers. I would strongly recommend others to buy this seller's products.

This phone was worth the money. I didn't see the need to buy the new iPhone when this is just as good.

I was hesitant because it is the older version of Iphone. I love my Iphone and it does every feature I need.

Be careful when purchasing this phone, it does not have a sim tray and may not workin many countries that require the use of a sim card. I purchased one for use in Trinidad(Caribbean) and wasted my money as we must use a phone that can carry a sim cardApple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - Verizon

My 1st iPhone & over a year later I still love it! I dont even want to upgrade to the 5!

Phone works very well. Only problem was packaging. Phone was packaged in the wrong box and caused a small problem when I went to activate the phone. Other than that no issues phone works perfectly

Despite me having to navigate out of the china store on iTunes and the minor delays in processing speed... The phone still works a wonder of a world better than that crappy android.

very bad it did not work at all it turn off by it self all the time so throw it to the wall and I broke it it got me frustrada!!!!!

I bought what was advertised as a new iPhone 4S from amazon as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She brought it home to AZ and activated it and it didn't work correctly. When she brought it to the Apple Store she was told it was over 2 years old and the warrantee was up!. She shipped the phone back to me at her expense. Amazon would not replace it when I contacted them, only refund and let me buy another.I brought the Second phone to her personally while on vacation to AZ. SAME THING HAPPENED! Another USED iPhone 4S!The second seller is called XIV Wireless on the webpage but PUT Group USA is listed on my orders page.Amazon.com is apparently selling USED (and possibly stolen) iPhones on their website like common fence and apparently doesn't care that they are. They have gotten so big that participating in fraud is of no consequence to them. They should change their name to &#34;FENCE.COM.&#34;

MOBILE DEFECTIVE, TOOK IN APPLE STORE AND WAS REPORTED PREVIUS REPAIRED, I LIVE IN BRAZIL AND NOT HAD TO TIMELY RETURN THE PRODUCT WITHOUT ELEGIBILITY NO, BAD CHARATER OR TURNING THE APPLIANCE ON

First off, I have had one of these models for a couple years. I love the quality of my iPhone 4 but hate being under contact, which is why I wanted to get the same phone for my two daughters but without the 2 year obligation. Verizon is doing a $25 per line discount on non-contract smartphones right now too. It is a great deal that can pay for an outright device purchase quickly unless you wind up using a lot of data.This review is not for the iPhone 4, but for the seller I dealt with through Amazon Prime, and for Amazon itself.The purchase I made was entirely misrepresented. Neither of these iPhone 4s were new as claimed by Trans Tech Products & sold as new by Amazon Prime.Both iPhones purchased looked pretty good cosmetically and had a clean MEID that could be activated through Verizon without problems, but both serial numbers had previous Apple registration & expired warranties. There was non-standard packaging on both phones (incl. replaced back and front scratch protector stickers with hair and dust stuck under them, carefully lifted but tampered external box seals and info tags, replaced wrappers and twist ties on wires, and a metal SIM insert holder in the rather dogeared welcome material enclosure, on a SIM-free Verizon CDMA phone). Both phones were missing the standard dot moisture sensors in headphone jacks and plug, which my local MacXpert said meant the phones had almost assuredly been opened, either for service or part replacement. Their absence would usually void any warranty on the phone. Although wiped of personal information, each phone had an updated operating system and many applications open when I powered them on. They immediately displayed the lock screen instead of the set-up assistant wizard. Clearly they were pre-owned.I am not adverse to buying a refurbished or well cared-for used device at a decent price, but I paid Trans Tech Products a premium for these iPhones based on the &#34;New&#34; claim, thinking I would also get the manufacturer's warranty. When I contacted Amazon about this issue, I indicated a willingness to keep the devices at a fair used price. They immediately agreed to refund to me the difference between what I had paid initially and what a used iPhone 4 is now selling for on Amazon, about half the nearly $200 &#34;New&#34; list price charged by Trans Tech Products.This sort of dishonest and misleading listing made under the umbrella of Amazon Prime really damages the trust of the consumer, regardless of whether Amazon is almost always willing to make it right through return and refund or not. This corporate &#34;honesty&#34; unfairly depends on the critical attention and a high degree of product knowledge on the part of the purchaser. If I buy something claimed as NEW and sold by such an established retailer as Amazon, I should be able to trust that it will delivered as 100% new in every aspect without exception. Amazon needs to do a more careful job of vetting their sellers, especially the ones they allow to sell under the Amazon Prime listing.

so far the phone is what i wanted, but havent had it activated yet. so we will see then i guess

I got this to replace my old phone that was having problems and the fact that it was at a good price. The phone came in the original box with the protective plastic still on it as well as still being on the headphones and power cord just as described.The only problem I had with this phone is that it was NOT THE BLACK VERSION. When I opened the box, I was a little disappointed with the fact that I had received the white version though the coloring for me wasn't that much of a problem.All in all the phone was in great "brand-new" working order and I have not experienced any problems.If you purchase this phone from this seller or at all from anyone, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you upgrade the software to at least iOS 5. This is to help with the activation of the phone.

My 1 yr old LG smartphone was a mess.  I couldn't wait for another year to get an upgrade.  I purchased this used iPhone 4 and it has not once locked up, lost a call or had a dead battery.

The phone you sent me is for AT&T not Verizon. Even though the description says Verizon. I am not pleased

My daughter absolutely loves her iPhone.  I waited for a while to get her one but I finally gave in and got her one for Christmas.  The price was outstanding for a new phone and she loves it.

I thought this was a good deal. This iPhone 4 looked flawless and came with its original packaging. Much to my dismay, the home button was broken out of the box. It constantly registered home button presses that I wasn't performing. These must be (poorly) refurbished units. I can't believe Amazon lets this kind of seller on their site.

well you see, i love iphones. there was time at which i didnt, then i learned. this was the cheapest, came early, and was in perfect condition. thanks

My phone was great at first. Then the charger that was sent with it stopped working. My on/off button is broke. Besides all that, it was still what I bought.

This phone was sold as used. When I received it,it came in original packaging with NOT a scratch or finger print on it! It works like brand new! I love this phone.

Choosing a smart phone seems like it should be an easy decision, right? But in fact it is not.  We have such a difficult time choosing what smart phone is right for us because there are so many styles and models to choose from. The two latest and most popular operating systems on the market are the Android designed by Google and iPhone is designed by Apple. For the past few years I was known to change my phone every 3 - 4 months. I was encouraged to switch to the iPhone due to the problems I was experiencing with the Android phones. Even though Android phones have bigger screen sizes iPhones have better quality, battery life and game selection.Screen Size:Android has a variety of screen sizes to choose from. Depending on manufacture, it ranges from 3.2" to 4.3". A larger screen comes in handy for surfing the web, viewing text heavy pages, and seeing a lot more detail in pictures and videos. iPhones have a much smaller screen than the Android phones and it makes it difficult to surf the web and scroll on screen.iPhones offers a simplicity and better quality than Android phones. I am able to pick up an iPhone and quickly understand what's going on. It has one main button on the front of the device and everything consists of tapping app icons from the home screen. However, Android has several buttons that perform a variety of functions. It has many possible home screens and ways of doing things from those screens that can get you confused easily. Android models are low quality and are made from plastic. One of the biggest problems I had with Android phones was that it would always freeze and I would always have to restart the phone.Apple phones have a longer lasting battery that will get you through your day without having to worry that it will die on you. With an iPhone you can manage what is running in the background with a push of a button. You decide whether to keep the apps open or closed them by holding down the home button. An iPhone can give you up to 8 hours of battery life, even when you watch videos, play games or even surf the internet. Due to Android's larger screens, their battery burns faster so you're going to have to carry your charger with you at all time to be able to charge it when it dies. The Android phone gives the user at least 4 hours of battery life.Games:An iPhone has a better game selection. Apple is a major player in the mobile video game market and it has a wide selection of free games to choose from. Android doesn't keep up with the updates of the free games. Android has good games but you have to pay for them. Some of the game companies have stopped making games for it all together.In conclusion each phone has its pros and cons; it just comes down to what you prefer in a phone. Switching over to an iPhone has been the best decision I've made when choosing a phone. Why choose an iPhone? iPhone gives the user what they need, better battery life, quality and game selection.

Phone was better then I expected.. Looks and works like new. Bought as a back up phone for work.. GREAT BUY!!

It's a good phone, it was in new sealed box very good condition. But I made the mistake in buying the wrong model I wanted the 4s. It's still a good phone I'll up grade later.

After owning the iPod, iMac, Macbook Pro, and several other raved Apple products, I eventually got my hands on the iPhone 4 after nailing an excellent deal from a "Droid" fan who was switching to Droid.I love the multi-tasking ability, the phone integration, and the fact that there literally is an application for everything. I have found myself using my phone to not only maintain personal work-orders while at work, but also keeping inventory and track of how much of products I have on hand at multiple buildings and being able to scan items in inventory, and scan them out of inventory by using the camera....It takes High Def video and photos so I definitely cannot complain about that. And because everything in it is solid state, nearly everything you do is instantaneous. Simplicity is the way of Apple, and if you can't figure something out it's usually because it's simpler than what you thought it would be.One must if you buy this phone is to get a case from a company called Lifeproof [...], these cases will make your iPhone water-proof, dirt-proof, snow-proof, and shock-proof... and I mean you can literally take your phone into the water WITH YOU.... a definite must, and nearly unbeatable ruggedness compared to cases offered for other phones.People say Apple is over-rated, but I switched from PC to Mac back in 2006 and I will NEVER go back to a Windows based product (This is from a PC Technician)

This is a nice iphone. Love it completely, super fast on internet and great service every where i go. anyone should get it. and love the apps!

They Did something so Awesome!! They Ran out of the 16G and they sent me a 32G for no extra charge!! WOW AWESOME thank you!! I recommend them and they did fast shipping!! :)

If you need an iPhone but don't want to pay the big bucks that the major wireless carriers are asking, this is the way to go.

Not very happy with the outward condition of the phone. The original home button was not intact and had been replaced with a off-white, outward concaved button. It looks and feels horribly ugly on a black iPhone and it requires the user to depress rather hard in order to function. I expected the phone to at least be clean considering the $250 I paid for it. The outside of the phone was extremely dirty (I had to wipe in down with a disinfectant cloth) and the speakers and charging port were clogged with dirt. The charging cable looked as if a rat chewed on the wire, so the cable is usless to me due to electrical shock risk. The phone does work as far as doing what it suppose to do though. I expected better considering what it cost. I won't be purchasing from this seller anymore.

I bought this phone because the seller advertised it as brand NEW. After receiving it and having it activated by Verizon, we discovered that the back lens was all scratched up. When I took it to a place that fixes iPhones they confirmed that the back of the phone was not original, the phone had been opened before, it had bent tabs and the wrong screws! I paid to have the lens repaired. He offered to reimburse me and never heard from him again. Don't buy from him. He is selling refurbished phones as brand new phones. I don't know why Amazon allows him to sell on their web sight. He must joy out of ripping people off. One day it will all come full circle.

This is the easiest phone to use and functions beautifully.  I am very happy with my purchase and would definitely buy another iPhone again.

My phone is great it came on time with everything in the box and new. Nothing was use, it was all in its original packaging.

My daughter has Virgin Mobile phone service and understood that this iphone was compatible with that service. This phone isn't, so she sent it back.

I was in a tough spot as my son's smart phone died and I was locked into a plan for another year.  I wasn't going to spend $500-700 on a new phone for him (he's 13)without getting the discount for a contract renewal.  I  figured I would try a used phone in the interim.  I purchased this used I phone 4 and I have to say I was amazed at what great shape it was in. It actually is in better shape than my Samsung that is one year old.  My son loves it and so far we have had no real issues with it.  It was cleared back to the factory settings so as soon as  it was charged he could activate it and start downloading his own apps onto it.  It also came in a beautiful case with a charger included.  I would definitely recommend this seller again as the merchandise was flawless.

This is a really nice phone. Although it is a second-hand phone, it is as good as a new one.

I loved loved loved this phone!! But then I started having problems with the earpiece working and I'd have to put the phone on speaker to take or make a phone call. Then it would work for a couple of days, and then stop working for weeks. I finally had my son check the serial # of the phone (he is a manager for Verizon Wireless) and it turns out that this phone is a refurbished phone, NOT a &#34;new, unused&#34; phone as the seller published.  Buyers beware of this seller!!!

I picked up a black Verizon iPhone 4 for my son to use on the new Tracfone bring your own CDMA device program. This phone little is fantastic. It was quickly upgraded to iOS 7 and added to his Tracfone account. It is responsive, crystal clear retina screen and call quality is great. Not a single issue, highly recommend if you can find one at a decent price.

So i gave us a one star because I haven't gotten my phone yet but I just want to know, can it be unlocked or do I need a pass code or something?

Got here on time but if you sell another phone I would advise you to clear the phone completely before you sell it.

Upgraded 2 of the 3 phones on my acct to this phone to see if these phones deserved all the hype from people who reviewed these things professionally.They do not. Within 2  days my daughters phone unuseable except in certain spots in her home, where she had no problems with the cheap throw away she was using before. My phone had to be reset within a week of activation and while it solved the problems at the time they have returned and are worse.Both phones can be replaced but we must accept used phones. So we give up a new phone with a problem and are offered someone else's problem in the form of a refurb unit even though the problems occurred when these phones were  less then 2 weeks old.I was interested in an ipad but after having this experience with TWO Apple products I will be getting a Kindle Fire.

The title defines what I received with this phone.  The seller represented the phone exactly as I found it, though I would have preferred to know which OS was running in advance.  Once the latest OS was loaded (not such a trivial exercise), it was up and running.

I hate my iPhone.What the h-e double hockey sticks is so special about this phone?Let me run down a list of what it can't do:> take sound clips that you've recorded using the phone and turn them into ring/alert tones (really, I have to upload them to iTunes and then download them again to use them? WTH?)> turn off the friggin' notifications between set periods and then, without having to manually do it myself, turn the phone's sounds back on> well over 2/3rds of the programs I was able to acquire for FREE on my droid are being sold to the tune of $9/pop or aren't even available on the iPhone> the pictures? I thought that the iPhone's photos were supposed to be out of this world. Bah. I see no difference between my Droid global and this piece of overpriced glass and metal> glass on both sides that breaks easily? I think it's a conspiracy with the Otterbox people. Hey, we'll sell these supposedly impervious glass encased phones and then package it up with your overpriced bulletproof, clumsily huge and gastronomically ugly cases.> no back button? Are you kidding me? How do you type anything, surf the internet, play games without a freaking back button?> portal to hell: what's with this quarter sized slot at the bottom of the phone for the charging jack? That's enough space to let an entire colony of ants come trooping in, for dust and other nasty elements known to crawl about picnic blankets, car seats, jeans pockets, and purses to tumble inside and wreak havoc with the finer electronic elements.> customization: aside from wallpaper, I cannot change the way my icons display and cannot set music/tunes without having to jump through a ton of hoops. Four huge icons that are static? Wee.> I have to download a voice>text program that comes standard on Motorola droids and then copy and paste that into the program I want to use? Are you kidding me?I hate my iPhone with a passion. The next 20 months are going to be miserable. And you want to know the funny thing? I would have donated my old Droid but found that I can still use a fair amount of the programs that this stupid iPhone can't/won't get. For all of you die hard iPhone users, come into the light. You haven't lived until you experienced a droid. Don't be a drone!

I ordered this iPhone because I was using an old phone that wasn't working super well. I needed to be able to check emails on the go, but my contract wasn't up for another year. I found this seller, who was selling the iPhone really cheap, and seemed in okay condition. I received my phone about a week (I think a little less) later and couldn't be happier! I've only been using it for a few days, but there aren't any issues with the phone, and I am in love with it. The seller is trustworthy, and prompt. I would recommend them to anyone.

Amazon Warehouse sold me a stolen/lost phone. The ESN number should be checked so customers do not have to go through this problem.

this is a great phone it is really cool and really awesome. i would say get it. they dont have siri on it though they used  to but apple wanted to make a new phone so they just put an old app on it and called it a new phone

Very good morning, I need to know if the iphone 4 16 gb (black) verizon, is an unlocked phone since I am located in Venezuela.

Phone works great, looks like new. Phone functions really nice, fast durable and efficient. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is interested.

My brother still refuses to trade up this phone.  It's literally a brick even without its toughskin case.  I guess the sturdiness is comforting.  It does not get 4GLTE so it is slower and personally, I think the camera sucks.  So if you want a FREE phone, I would still say pay extra to get a later generation because eventually, this will be too slow to handle new apps.I noticed that Amazon will buy back the three different models almost reflects the difference for ordering a new phone from Verizon with a new 2 year contract e.g. if the 4 is free with new contract, the best offer from Verizon is $125 and so if the 5 is $200 from Verizon, then the best offer from Amazon is $335.  The iphones still have better resale value than other smartphones although all are in the $200 range for the newest phones.  This may be something to consider when choosing a phone.The battery takes about one hour to become fully charged.  You need to unplug it as soon as it is nearly full otherwise you will risk damaging that battery and you will be SOOL as is the case with our ipod touch 4g.  That battery is not removable.

Camera does not work and it does not have a good reception. We have a droid phone that is 2yrs old getting great reception in the same locations.

The sides, corners and charger slot of the phone was dirty/ dusty. The clear plastic shows that it's been peeled off and replaced. The phone came in an AT&T box, even though the listing is for Verizon. When I turned on the phone and switch my service onto it, the phone runs super slow. I've had this phone for one month already. My original phone ran so much faster. This phone is still running slow. There is no way this is a new phone like the listing states.

The phone came exactly as I was told it was.  It looked brand new and had all the accessories. I have yet to find anything wrong.

I received my phone on the expected day. The next day I had a problem with the phone. Contacted the seller through Amazon, mailed it to him and 4 days after I mailed it, I was informed it was fixed and working after being tested for over 36 hours with no problems. It is to be mailed back. Great service. Love the product.

I was excited to receive my new phone but when I tried connecting it my service provider said it was a stolen item and couldn't be connected. Extremely disappointed.

First time ever having an iPhone and I absolutely love don't think I'm going back to droid for a while. Didn't take long for phone to deliver and phone was in excellent condition

I purchased my Verizon iPhone 4 the day that it launched. I wasn't expecting any surprises considering that Verizon released it well after the AT&T; launch. In this regard I was correct. My model shipped with IOS 4.0 installed and that was very fun. The feature that makes this phone great compared to the competition is the Operating System. IOS is the best system available for a smart phone. I've owned 3 Android Phones and 3 iPhones. The iPhone is definitely the best of the bunch and I don't expect that I will be going back to a Droid anytime soon. The build quality of the iPhone 4 is superb. The glass resists scratches and the iPhone 4 has glass on both the back and front (compared to previous iPhone models and the iPod Touch). This leaves it very resistant to scratches. All of my Android Phones scratched easily.The iPhone 4 is weak in a few areas. The volume isn't as loud as it was on my Android phones (especially the Droid Incredible). I would rate the actual sound quality as high and the volume as average. The Wireless is hit-and-miss at best. Apple used the same Broadcom wireless module that is found in the iPad and iPod Touch. This module is a very low-power device which translates into low range. It's not uncommon for the iPhone to struggle with picking up Networks that other devices can see easily. The iPhone 4 lacks a SD Card Slot and thus cannot be upgraded. The Battery is also built-in and will have to be replaced by Apple if it fails. The iPhone relies on iTunes for syncing media which can be a pain if you're not a big iTunes user. The Camera takes amazing pictures... as long as the subject isn't moving. There is a noticeable delay in taking motion pictures. The Video Quality however is fantastic.Overall the Verizon iPhone 4 is a great addition to the Apple Library and deserves 4 stars. It does have a few downsides, but the enjoyment that you will get out of it will make you forget them. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone that enjoys Apple Devices.

Worked great like new. No scratches on iphone was appreciative. The iphone performance and the battery was great too. Thanks a bunch!

When  i got it in the mail it was not able to be activated. I wasted my time at verizon for them to tell me that the phone was defected. When i returned it in the mail Amazon would not return me the full purchase price of the phone because they say it came back cracked. I sent the merchandise back in the same packaging it was sent to me in. I think Amazon lost a loyal customer. Yolanda

the phone came quickly and in original packaging but the home button is so obnoxious. i have to press it really hard or press it several times to get it to work. I'm not sure if maybe its just sticking because it hasn't been used in a while or what but if it doesn't become easier to use I'm likely to return it.

I was the victim of an armed robbery in October and one of the things he took was my phone. I purchased this  phone until my contract is up in February when I can get a new iPhone 5. It works great.

I think the product is good so I rate well.I like the pattern is very cute.the product seems very good and excellent but made &#8203;&#8203;a mistake in buying the phone had to be buy GSM and CDMA.

The Phone was advertised as new.  I received it and everything looked perfect and functioned correctly.  I hooked it up to my Mac and it wouldn't connect.  I talked to apple and their records show it activated over two years ago.  Resetting the phone to factory settings made it work great.  A good product but it should be sold as reconditioned not new!

My phone arrived within a week of ordering it, and it was brand new, in the box, as promised, with absolutely no problem setting it up with my carrier. the price was excellent.

I would recommend this to anyone that needs an inexpensive iPhone. It's much slower than the iPhone 5.  I'm getting an iPhone 5 when my contract expires.

Arrived on time with adequate packaging. Inlcluded in packaging was usb plug, usb cord, white headphones, & the phone itself. Although this was "used" it was very clean. Very minor scratches on glass only viewable under a bright light. Also some dirt build up in the 'mute switch' on top left side of phone. Other then those 2 things phone seems new. OS seems like it lags when doing different things, but not sure if thats the phone itself (not enough RAM in the 4 vs newer 4S or ifs due to phone being used. Would order used phone from Amazon Warehouse Deals again.

This product came exactly as if I had bought it in the Apple store myself. New in box, no damages, connects easily to Verizon Wireless. Great product and Seller.

I'm extremely unhappy with this purchase. I would like my money back. How can I send this back? Whats the procedure?

The 16gb iphone is very neat and works really well. Also the seller was very helpful in regard to opening the iPhone

I had no problems, and the SKB service was great. Five star positive feedback. Highly reccommend using this service. Thanks.

Phone works great and came in excellent condition. All of the essential accessories (usb, wall charger, and headphones) were with the phone as well. I was able to get the phone flashed with my current provider (Ntelos/Frawg Wireless) and the phone is working perfectly on their network as if it was a factory Ntelos Iphone.

hola el telefono me llego ayer mas  no sirve en el pais que posibilidades hay que lo cambien ???por favorhello I get the phone yesterday but not served in the country that likely is to be changed???, please

Phone Was Good It Matched Everything In Its Desciption, It Arrived At A Timely Fashion, Scratchs Were Barely Noticalbe Like They Said

The Apple iPhone 4 is one of Verizon's best all around smartphones.  While it no longer sets the pace in the smartphone realm, the iPhone 4 does an adequate job of handling nearly all basic smartphone tasks and offers well rounded performance; which is all that many smartphone users really want from their device.  While it is not for everyone, and no device is, the iPhone 4 is a solid device and is definitely worth a look for non-power smartphone users.1. Design.1. The compact and svelte design of the iPhone 4 is refreshing, as the smartphone ecosystem continues to evolve from "brick" to "cinder block" sized phones.  It is slim and pocketable, and the side keys are arranged in an intuitive manner.  Volume keys and the power button (which doubles as a screen lock) are very tactile, and the ring/vibrate toggle on the top left side of the phone is a great addition.  While the phone's physical appearance is subject to personal taste, i'd wager few would find the phone unattractive.  I have the white version of the phone, and find it much more vibrant and visibly appealing than the more unassuming black version, though some may find the white to be too loud on the eyes.2. Despite the phone's relatively small size compared to other smartphones, there's a bit too much wasted space on the front of the phone for my liking.  While the screen is clear and bright (there is no pixelation whatsoever due to the 960x640 resolution), it's a tad small when considering the width and length of the device.  In fairness, problems due to the screen's size are more a product of the operating system and not the physical dimensions of the screen, but the OS also has no relation to empty space on the phone's front face.3. Both the front and rear facing camera's are flush with the phone's design, which is a big plus.  Apple also hit the correct layout for the charging/data port and the 3.5 mm headset jack; the former is located on the bottom of the phone, while the latter is at the top.  Several phones i've used (feature and smart, and from almost every manufacturer) had the headset port on the bottom, which is fine if you like to hold your phone upside down all the time, and also featured charging ports in the middle of the left or right side of the phone.  If Apple changes anything about the physical design of the next iPhone, these two items should not up for discussion.4. One thing that should be up for discussion however, is the back of the phone: it is made out of glass.  Many iPhone 4 users lament this, but Steve Jobs didn't amass a fortune by mistake.  The more people that drop the phone and break the glass on the back, the more money Apple makes.  It's a design flaw, even if it was intentional.Performance1. Calls: I tested the iPhone 4 on Verizon's network in a variety of locations across Louisiana.  Call quality has been very good; I have not encountered any dropouts or conversational blips during any call.  Callers do not sound overly warm through the earpiece, but they do not sound robotic either.  Callers also sounded good through the included headset and on three different bluetooth headsets I tried, but speakerphone quality was abysmal at best.  The speakerphone is not loud enough and suffers from "the wax paper effect."2. Reception: the iPhone 4 gets above average reception on Verizon's network; like many Verizon phones, I generally have 3-4 bars nearly everywhere I travel.  It rarely has full signal but I haven't dropped below two bars either.3. Battery Life: the battery will take you through a day of heavy usage and two days of light usage.  Phone calls use surprisingly little power, and I only lose 2-3% of juice while the phone is on standby during the night.4. Data Speeds: While this varies from location to location, I find that the iPhone 4 isn't as quick in this regard as other phone's i've used, particularly Blackberry and Android devices.  Depending on the location, I generally get about 10-20% slower speeds on average with the iPhone 4.  In fairness, I've observed the same with my fiancee's iPhone 4 on At&t;, so it's not a carrier issue.  Regardless, I haven't had any problems loading large webpages, streaming audio and video, and moving files.  In the two areas I spend the most of my time in, my download speeds range from 0.6 to 1.4 MB, and my upload from 0.5 to 0.8 MB, which is normal for many Verizon phones in many locations.  With that being said, it is clear that Verizon's 3G network is slowly clogging up, which i'm hoping the influx of 4G upgrades and devices will address.  Despite these notations, Verizon's 3G network is far more consistent in terms of speed and connection than other carriers in the area. My fiancee's iPhone 4 on At&t; ranges anywhere from 150 KB to 3 MB down and 50 KB to 1 MB up, and even though At&t; theoretically has a faster 3G network than Verizon, my data connection seems far more reliable.Features:1. Operating System: After using several smartphones with different operating systems, i've concluded they are all more or less the same with a few differences here and there: tap an icon on the screen and go.  Up front, I don't find the iPhone 4's OS any easier or harder to use than Android, RIM, WebOS, and Windows Phone 7, and I also don't buy into the idea that iOS is simpler and easier to use than those offered by its competitors.  There are a few differences here and there; Android offers widgets, Blackberry offers a few home screen icons and a drop down menu, and Apple offers...a convoluted mess of icons and programs with little rhyme or reason.  It's simple to use, but that does not mean it is always pleasant.  A drop down menu would do wonders for this OS.  Personally, I miss the widgets than Android and Windows Mobile offer, but I understand Apple cannot become too much like its competitors (well, maybe not until OS 5).  However, there is little organization going on when you first fire up the screen.Where iOS really begins to look like every other OS is when you delve deeper into the menu.  Again, there is little rhyme or reason to how anything is arranged, and for a couple of weeks until you memorize where every option is located, it can be a frustrating experience.  My favorite example was browser settings; you cannot access them from the browser, but only from the overall settings menu itself.  Is this any better or worse than other OS?  No.  Is it any easier though?  Well, no again.A final side note: iOS does not require "babysitting" and constant attention like Android does in order to get your battery through the day.  I know rooting solves many of Android's babysitting issues, but a lot of people have jobs, families, and other hobbies that make rooting an unnecessary annoyance.  While I personally like Android OS better for the customization it offers, the entire babysitting/rooting issue is a turn off to some, and I myself don't miss them either (even though I never had a problem rooting an Android device).2. Business functions: Apple does not have the business reputation of RIM or even Android yet, but nothing from my usage suggests it is inferior to either OS in this regard.  Push e-mail works like a charm, Exchange works as it should, and Office files along with PDF's open and render as they should.  I am not a power business user and cannot offer comment on such, but the iPhone 4 gets the basics down in this category.3. Multimedia: This is a big of a mixed bag for me.  The iPhone's 4 camera is one of the best i've ever used on a smartphone; both the rear and front facing.  Though the rear camera is only 5MP, images are clear, sharp, and beautiful as long as there is adequate light.  Night shots with flash were less than stellar, which should surprise no one with a smartphone.  The front facing camera is only 1.3 MP, but still takes images with little distortion.  Beyond this, i'm not blown away with the iPhone 4's multimedia capabilities.  iTunes integrates files nicely with the phone, but i'm not sold that Apple's ecosystem is any better than dragging and dropping.  The iPod is perhaps the most underwhelming feature on the phone; I find it no different or more impressive than any other smartphone music player on any other device.  And the speakerphone performed no more impressively for music and video playback than it did for voice calls; multimedia audio sounded waxed over and washed out on the speaker. The AppStore will only impress those migrating from RIM, WM7, and WebOS.  But one thing I've noticed about using applications on the iPhone 4 is that they don't seem to crash nearly as often as they do on Android and Blackberry, and in fact, I don't think i've had even a handful of them in a month's usage.  And the lack of Flash does not seem to be a hindrance on the phone's multimedia capabilities; QuickTime handles things well, and the YouTube app helps too.  Again, multimedia is a mixed bag on the iPhone 4, but that's more a knock on the hype the device receives rather than the device itself.Conclusion:Other than subtle differences in the OS, the iPhone 4 offers the same similar features that many other smartphones offer.  It does a good job of handling core functions and basic business needs, and its multimedia package is somewhat overblown, yet still more than adequate.  If your looking for a mid sized smartphone that requires little maintenance and don't need LTE services, the iPhone 4 is definitely worth a look.  For the price however, it offers few features that stand apart from any of the other top smartphones in Verizon's lineup.

Excellent phone.  Listed as &#34;good&#34; when purchased but turned out to be far better than that.  Enjoying this purchase very much.

Works great and at a great price, I love Apple and cant wait to upgrademy phone to a 5.

This iPhone 4 was misrepresented as being very good.He had flaws in the screen and its battery is not working, I did the process of return of amazon and I repaid the amount ,. My experience with this vendor was way below my expectations.

I love my iphone! Everything was in mint condition and i had no problem activating it or anything ! Thankyou so much !!

the iphone is unlocked? adaptable another operator for use in another country?. Esp el iphone viene desbloqueado para usar con otras operadoras ya sea en otro pais?

Took to Apple Store, they said it was no good, had water damage & nothing could be done with it. :(

I bought my Apple iphone from amazon and it was a used phone so I did not know what to expect..  I got my phone within a couple weeks. I opened my package and set the phone up and I have had my phone for over a month and I have not had one bit of trouble with it. I love my Apple iphone.. It looks great and it works like a new phone....No problems at all..I would buy from here again...Thank you.

I was leary about buying a refurbished phone online, but was very satisfied once I received it in such good condition! I started using it right away and it was great! The price was very reasonable too! Glad I decided to purchase this phone.

I ordered a new CDMA iPhone 4 16GB.  Initially, I was sent a GSM iPhone.  I contacted the company's support and explained the that I had been sent the incorrect item.  I was instructed to mail the incorrect phone back and to pay the shipping myself, that it would be reimbursed, which I actually was.  After not hearing anything from the company, I contacted the company's support, asking if they received the phone and when they were going to mail me the correct phone.  I was later notified, after multiple email exchanges, that it had arrived and I would be mailed out the correct phone the next day.  Later in the week, I received a box for a GSM iPhone with a serial number for a CDMA iPhone 4 4GB [NOT 16GB].  I contacted the company's support and told them what I had received.  I was assured that it was a CDMA phone and to try it.  I activated it and sure enough it did connect to my cell phone carrier.  However, I was not reimbursed any money for the hassle or that the device is not 16GB.  Oh, and given that the box states the device is a GSM phone, I would not consider this device new.  It is refurbished at best.  So, the item was falsely advertised as well.In short, the device I EVENTUALLY received was not the device I had ordered and paid for.  So, buyer be ware.  On the positive side, the phone has been working fine and it is a cheaper alternative.

They apparently don't test the product before shipping it. When I got the phone, the screen was doing this freaky video thing. The client really didn't care because he was trading it for something else but I definitely would have sent it back.

NO, it did NOT arrive on timeyes, it was in almost perfect conditionBUT, it had NO SIM CARD SLOTthis shall be written in the NAME of the item (besides saying CDMA).I returned the item for not arriving on time, and actually got a GSM iPhone 4 later so that I could use my SIM card &#62;.&#62;REMEMBER, NO SIM CARD SLOT!!!So basically not for the people thinking of unlocking it and using a carrier other than Verizon either (like me).

Item was as described and works better than the one that is at the bottom of the lake.  I am pleased

Was a little worried about what it may come in or look like....came just like a brand new iPhone box...cords...earbuds...EVERYTHING!!! Thanks so much for such a great service!

The phone arrived sealed in an official Apple Box with a new instruction manual, earphones, and power cord. It had a slight chip near one corner--no scratches on the screen. It even arrived a day earlier than estimated. The only problem seems to be that the home button is becoming desensitized.

We were worried about it not working and being a waste of money but Amazon pulled through and my son loved the price and the phone!  Works great, was easy to make the switch.

trash and trash, garbage and garbage, s*** and s***, i dont know why people still buying apple product.... bye bye

Delivery was good and on time.  The phone basically works except the home button is worn out and doesn't work all of the time.  Packaging was complete and everything was included.

I'm not technical in the least, so I'll just say I love this phone. I still own one of the older IPhone's the 8GB, which still works even after repeatedly dropping, getting wet, falling out of my jean pocket into the toilet and losing it a few times- hopefully this one is as sturdy.This iPhone is much heavier than the older models, it feels more sturdy and the buttons on the side and top seem to be more responsive than the older unit. Much, much faster than my older one too. I bought my brand new iPhone 4 in-store, so I cannot comment on the quality of the one's offered for sale by the vendor here. Though, I would recommend this model.

Having had my iPhone 4 now for just over 8 months, I could not want for more from a cell phone. Worth every penny spent buying it.

I got this phone 4 months ago, last month the phones screen became unresponsive. I tried everything like restoring it and updating it and letting the battery run out but it didnt work. So I took it to get it fixed. Two different guys tried new screens and it didnt work. They say it was a motherboard problem. Cant believe I spent $180 on it and cant get a refund. Never buying again.

I like the phone overall, but the fact that the camera is not working makes it a bad deal. It's okay if you just want to talk and use the website.

I loved this iPhone for the first year I owned it. However, the past year there seems to be so many bugs in the software. It seems like the developers are no longer too worried about this phone since the newest have came out.It freezes frequently.My brothers iTunes account somehow shows up rather than my own. This is when I want to download or update my software. It then asks for a password, but my brothers email shows up and forces me to enter his password.

Very good.

i reccomend this product to all the people because it has to many fun things and  you can download everything you want

The phone was like new it has good battery life it was a great purchase.It was an easy setup with Verizon I am a happy customer.

I LOVE this iPhone! I had to get a new phone when my old one crapped out, so I thought, "Why not get the most hyped up phone on the market?" Now I know WHY it's so hyped up...it's definitely the coolest phone I've seen! When I received it, it had only been used for 6 hours. It was in pristine condition and had a clean ESN. The only bad thing I have to say about the iPhone is that if you're using it frequently during the day, it'll only last about 24 hours, so I have to charge it every night. But that's not really a problem for me because I've always done that. I just plug it in right before I go to bed. Apps are easy to download, ringtones are clearer and crisper than on any other phone I've had, and it's true what they say: If you have a need for it, there's an app for that! Apps are also very easy to erase if you don't like them. It's also very nice that I can turn my phone sideways when sending a text and the keypad gets a little bigger (I have big fingers), so I don't mess up my typing as much. It didn't come with an instruction manual per se, just a little pamphlet thing that told me about a few things that it does. It was fun to figure the phone out as I used it. I haven't had ANY problems with it (I've had it for a little over two months) and I'm so glad I purchased this phone! Easily the best $475 I've ever spent!

Exactly what I was looking for, an iPhone 4, 16GB with a case and screen protector. Works perfectly. Very satisfied.

Everything is great. My only com plain is why it wouldn't let choose the NET10 service, instead I had to go with Page Plus.

Although it can be an expensive ordeal, buying an iPhone online can help you save money in the long run. Getting hooked into a two-year contract can be more money than putting down $400 for this wonderful device. I have been extremely satisfied with my purchase of this phone. I promptly applied an invisible shield to the product (which I also purchased on Amazon). I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone that loves speed, precision, and as close to perfection as you can get in a phone.

Bought this to replace my 4S until my contract renewed with Verizon. The 4 is slow and did not work well. As of today it does not work at all anymore, just quit working.

This far exceeded my expectations.  Price, quality and shipping time!  All other buyers wanting $100 more for this phone. This phone was immaculate, no issues had it for 2 months.

The Iphone 4 is a reliable phone that will last for as long as you need it to.  The camera is good quality and is more than enough for an aspiring photographer!

love it

It is a beautiful phone, but seems very slow. I'm not sure why that is or if that's normal for a possible used phone? Anyway it got here no problem & we are keeping it, but it is slower then the other iPhones we have

LOVE THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE ORDERING FROM THIS DEALER!  EASY ORDERING, PRODUCT ARRIVED EARLY THAN NOTED - IT'S AN A+ DEALER FOR ME!

My daughter was waiting for this since we are a few hundred miles away we can text and facetime and she can stay connected to all her friends and her daddy.. LOve this

I was nervous about buying a used phone but I must say, I love this phone! And I especially love that I don't feel as if I overpaid!

Got i -phone when I was suppose to. it is just what it was suppose to b. Love it ,Jim

Was a droid user for five years. Apple blows droid out of the water. So fast. Great screen resolution. Awesome

Excellent phone. Great features. Easy to use and very user friendly. It was just as advertised. If you're going to buy an iPhone, I will definitely recommend to you. This is the best iPhone in the market.

I got it within a couple of days after I ordered it and everything was all there and in great condition!

this is terrible, bought this i phone for $130 and it doesnt turn on.. things are missing, the back is plastic

I have owned a BB Storm, BB Storm 2, Droid, and now an IPhone 4 32 GB. I have to say the IPhone is by far my favorite! It was a breeze to set up, I have most of my albums on it (I definitely can't fit my entire library, but it's fine because I have a 160GB classic for that), and the battery life is extremely impressive when I consider how many apps I loaded on it (and how much I use it). All in all, I am extremely impressed with this phone, which is no surprise, since it is an Apple product. I've never been disappointed. On that note, I'll soon be the proud owner of an Ipad 2.Pros: Ease of use, easy setup, memory, apps, battery life, crisp sounds, super easy to sync all my email accountsCons: Wish I had more memory, but that's the only thing I would change!

Great phone works well takes amazing pictures middle button kinda sticks other than that it's great it's a must buy

The product i ordered has a problem with the camera, it has a bug in the system the moment i opened the box. i've been looking for a solution but i've yet to find one. im debating on returning said item for another model.

Couple of smudges and thats about all that was wrong with it, works as it should right away very happy

i WOULD ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS SELLER AND THE IPHONE 4 TO ANYONE INTERESTED. It is my opinion that the iphone 4 is an awesome phone and the new 5 is too new for my taste. I feel and have always felt that it is better to let them work out all the kinks in  a new version of anything before i buy it.

Replaced my wife's phone with this one and she was very skeptical about the trade.  Now she absolutely loves it and it works very well.  It was in really good shape upon delivery and has been a great phone.

after one use one of the speakers quit.  Really don't know the outcome of my claim yet. waiting to hear back

Took me a while and the help of some kids to figure it all out but now that I'm familiar-- I love it!

Phone did everything I wanted it to and more just needed to get verizion to transfer my number and we were good to go.

I picked up the Verizon iPhone 4 on its release date and am very pleased with its performance so far.  Previously, I used a Droid Incredible, which was also a great phone.To preface this review, I am a light to moderate user that mostly uses the device for making phone calls, texting, checking email, and occasionally using internet and maps.  I'm not the type to sit around for hours playing games on my phone, nor have I ever streamed any video on my phone.  I have one "official" app on my iPhone that is related to the camera, and I don't use it to listen to music; I have a separate iPod for that (to save my phone's battery).The Verizon iPhone works great as a phone and has the best call quality in a smartphone that I have ever used.  This is in comparison to my previous Droid Incredible, a Blackberry Curve prior to that, and my friend's Motorola Droid.  The earpiece volume is crisp and sufficiently loud, making the other person easy to hear.  The microphone works well too based on what people I call tell me.  The visual voicemail system is phenomenal- it's all managed by the phone itself instead of through Verizon, so when a person gets your voicemail message, all they hear is your personalized recording without the "at the tone, please record your message.  When you are finished recording..." garbage.Texting and email work nicely.  The touch keyboard feels more natural than most other touch screens I've used on other mobile operating systems.  One strange thing about texts is that the phone will make a "whoooop" noise everytime you send a text.  There's no way to turn this sound off by itself without putting the entire phone in silent mode.  Not a big deal for me, but I can see how this would really annoy some people.Based on my personal experience and all the reviews floating around online, the camera is without question the highest quality camera you will find on any phone today because of an ideal blend of lens quality, the type of sensor, and a modest megapixel count.  Higher megapixels do not correlate with higher quality images; although there are many other phones out there in the 8+ megapixel range, none match the overall image quality of the iPhone.  The 8 MP camera on my Droid Incredible doesn't even come close.One thing I really miss from the Android OS is Google Navigation.  No turn-by-turn voice guided navigation software comes with the iPhone.  Apps are available that provide this feature, but they are inferior to Google's program.Battery life is excellent for this type of phone.  Most days with light to moderate use from 7 AM to midnight, I end the day with around 80% battery remaining.  Obviously, if you're a power user, it's gonna use more juice.  I'm particularly impressed with how little battery is used when the phone is on standby.  Battery life was my biggest gripe about Android (HTC phones tend to be notoriously bad at battery conservation), and it is a huge relief to not have to carry around a spare battery anymore.If you're considering converting to Apple from an Android phone, there are a few areas of frustration.  The notification system on the iPhone is archaic and unnecessarily intrusive.  Texts will pop up on the screen regardless of whatever you're doing, requiring you to exit whatever you're in the middle of to reply.  Android's notification system is excellent, and I am hoping this issue will be addressed in a later version of iOS.  Also, there is very little flexibility as far as how the phone is personalized to your tastes.  Not happy with the 6 text tones that Apple gives you?  Too bad- you're stuck.  There's no easy way to add more text tones.  A third issue- when using Safari mobile, there is no way to disable mobile view.  Sites like yahoo and banking sites will automatically funnel you to the mobile (crippled) version of their websites.  In Android, all you do is check a box to disable mobile view.  No such luck with iOS.Fortunately, there is a way around all of the above restrictions, provided you're a moderately intelligent person with a basic knowledge of computers.  This and any iPhone can be easily modified to fix all the problems I mentioned- just search online for instructions.The back glass plate seems to be fairly prone to collecting light scratches.  I had my last phone for 10 months with no case and no screen protector the entire time, and it never got a single scratch.  Since noticing the tiny scratches on the back of my iPhone, I bought a minimalistic case for it, and it's been fine since then.  Still no scratches on the front glass in 5 weeks of use so far, so I have no plans to ever use a screen protector.One last thing I'll mention:  there is not a single piece of Verizon bloatware on this phone, unlike every other smartphone I've owned that came installed with all the crap applications loaded on by the carrier that you can't remove.There are lots of good phones out there right now.  In my opinion, this one is the most polished, and despite some limitations, it provides the most satisfying overall user experience that is yet to be matched.  Highly recommended.

I purchased my iPhone last year.  After more than ten trips to the 'Genius Bar'at several Apple stores and multiple calls to Apple Care (including two "senior advisors), my iPhone does not sync properly with my Apple computer.  It will never be fixed.  I will just edit the errors rather than try to get anything from Apple.  Don't buy an iphone if your purpose is to sync with your mac computer.From the beginning, edits of notes done on my mac did not appear as edits on my phone, but rather as new notes along with the unedited note--so duplicates.  The 'geniuses' at my local store decided the problem was with my mac and propose to wipe it clean of all software, the alternative, which I took, was to buy a new mac Air, which I did, but that did not fix the problem.  The 'geniuses'  seem to be mostly pleasant people who know NOTHING.  Calling AppleCare resulted in long phone calls that did not fix the problem and the 'senior advisors' did not call back as promised, or even follow through with the Apple engineer's instructions about what to try.  Do not believe anyone who tells you that you will speak to an actual Apple Engineer (who seem to be the only people who know how to fix anything).  You will not.

When I got the phone. The screen wasn't workin for the first three days I had it. Eventually it stopped but who knows if it will happen again. It make me unable to text or do anything with the phone. Very unhappy with this purchase but it will have to do.

I loved my iPhone 4.  The new iOS operating system released a few weeks ago is killing the iPhone.  It is horrible.  Battery life is about 60% of what it used to be.  You can't read the screens clearly.  When someone calls you there is no button to decline the call.  This new iOS is on the iPhone 4 and 5's.  DO NOT buy an iPhone until they fix their iOS.

My original iphone4s was left by a friend in a taxi and I needed a replacement fast so that I could talk to my bf (who is out to sea) when he came into port. I received the phone within a few days and there is absolutely nothing wrong with it. The only issue I had was with the charger, for some reason it broke after only a few days, but I had my previous one so I was able to use it! So glad I bought this product!

Great price, not a scratch or bump on the iPhone! It came a lot speedier than expected so thats always a plus! Its just wonderful, only had it for a couple of days and couldn't ask for anything more!!!!

I ordered a NEW I phone 4 and instead of sending me a new one they sent me a used one.I tried two more times and all three times I received used phones.Beware weary everyone.I paid for new phones and received used phones three times.I would call this a scam.I will not be ordering any more from Amazon.

I love my new iPhone 4..it is everything I wanted n more!! I bought it used n it looked rand new..I'm so happy :)

THE PHONE is VERY GOOD,When I saw it like it very much&#65292; BUT have no SIM card slot .I'm  sorry

The phone is okay but I need to use it with AT&T and the phone was not unlocked.  I e-mailed the person that I bought it from and shipped it to me asking how I could get it unlocked and never heard from him.  It is my fault I didn't recognize it as a Verizon phone and only saw that it was an Apple iPhone,  So I still have the phone.  I would like to return it but was on a three week vacation and didn't know if my time to return has expired.  Also, would I return it to Amazon or the sender?

loved the phone, but had to return it because of a contract that page plus has with verizon in order to subsidize their service. Though this is phone is CDMA compatible, page plus is not allowed to port your present verizon cell phone number to the iphone.

ThanksMy friend love and I am happy with the phone.And the phone look very nice and cleanThanks

I needed an iPhone because I did not like my Samsung Note.  This phone is new as far as I am able to tell; it works very well, and I am glad to be back to the iPhone family of phones!  Delivery was quick.  No problems at all with this purchase

It powers off by itsself sometimes. Other than that I am happy with it. It needed to come with a charger also

I don't like iPhones but this one came as promised & was brand new.  I like my old Samsung galaxy way better but I totally shattered the screen and needed something until my upgrade was in effect.

Amazon warehouse advertised the IPhone as &#34;like new.&#34; It was even better than that, and easy to set up with Verizon. I was skeptical at first, but the product is new, clean and a bargin at $150.00.

Love my Iphone! Have not had any problems with it. It's easy to use and holds so much more than my last phone.

From the first call I made, people on the other end had problems hearing me. At first I wrote it off as my mother's poor hearing. Now, after having the phone for two months, I cannot be heard on a call at all. Considering that this is suppose to be a &#34;new&#34; phone this is unacceptable.

bad bad sound quality bad image problem coobertura gets stuck and ride him to the line is a problem not recommend

I bought this item from Shasam Limited. When I went to activate it I found out that this was a lost or stolen item. Obviously this was not the "new" phone it was advertised to be. Though it did arrive in a package that made it appear as new. Amazon was awesome and helped me very quickly handle the return. Again, DO NOT BUY FROM SHISAM LIMITED.

At first it gave me issues with the home button not wanting to function when you press it. But so far it's been doing great I'm enjoying it I have no major issues like with my HTC dr

The phone has been slow like it has a virius sence day one . It did not come with a charger or anything .

I own an Android device and top-notch PC but unfortunately have to try and operate and troubleshoot iPhones and iPods for family members.  Android devices are very user friendly but iPhones - they're just unfriendly.  It seems that they are constantly sending you to the iTunes or app store to buy more more and more.  I recently tried to copy purchases from one iPod3 to an iPod4 and found their website full of incomplete instructions on how to do this.  So I went into one of the trendy Apple Stores in the mall and learned that their stores are not infact full of customers - but Apple product owners in for technical support on their malfunctioning or misbehaving products!  The youngster who help me was impatient - definitely not as helpful as the Verizon Experience store folks helping me with my Android.  And while it might seem I'm reviewing Apple in general and not the phone, please bear in mind that if you buy an iPhone you too will have to deal with the unhelpful iTunes website, Apple's useless technical support and their tendency to sell you more products rather than access and enjoy what you've already bought from them.  Not to mention I just bought a camcorder and found several reviewers disappointed that their Apple computers won't recognise the best image output from their camcorders - this is because Apple wants you to buy Apple Video Editing programs.  So remember, once you start going down the Apple road, things become unfriendly with Apple blocking access to many features of your non-Apple tech products (I don't know any other tech line that does this).  As for the iPhone4 - I honestly recommend you compare it with the best Android device and see which will allow you to move 'your' purchases amongst your devices most easily.

The phone was garbage.  Battery life was terrible and the update to iOS 7 made it lag unbearably.  We just threw it away and bought an Android.

I want know, if this phone is compatible with Movistar in Venezuela?I would like to buy it for use in Venezuela,Also let me know how good is if you buy usedwho help me on this?

Bought this for my daughter for her birthday. She does not have a phone plan, she uses it as a Wi-Fi spot. Absolutely loves it. I couldn't understand why she wanted this phone when she had no plan, but she is constantly on it, listening to music, facebooking, going online. Who knew you could do so much and never make a call.

I am a Mac lover, so this is coming from someone who has mac everything.  But if you have an iphone 4 and update to the current ios, the battery drains unbelievably quickly AND you'll have a heck of a time charging it.  Check the Apple forum boards and you'll see this is not an isolated problem.  I can't believe that it's anything but a money grab by Apple.  Have you upgrade your ios and all of a sudden you need to buy a new phone from them.  I'm slowly losing respect and confidence in Apple.

My two daughters  love this phone.They each have one. Great price. Great phone. Would highly recommend the iphone to anyone.Thank You

I ordered a black iPhone. I received an aftermarket iPhone that was pink.I took it to best buy to try to find a case to cover the pink, no cases fit due to the iPhone screen and back being aftermarket parts.Completely disappointed.

My son and I pondered where to order his iPhone 4 from and we are not disappointed.  It stated in the description that it had minor scratches and we had a hard time finding them.  It works well.  The only issue is the battery does not hold the charge beyond a day. So it just needs to be plugged in more often.  For the price though it is a nice replacement for my son who had his other iPhone stolen. This company has a 30 day warranty which was a nice thing to have.  Overall quite satisfied with the product.

I love the iPhone 4! I was wary of ordering it online, but it came perfectly intact AND in less than a week! No scratches, dents, and looks perfectly new as ordered!

DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ive never been so disapointed in a 206 dollars spent on a phone that doesnt even work!!!I would not reccomend this product to anyone. Right when i recieve my new iPhone I noticed that the screen had a slight blue tint too it which i found funny. The next day I was playing with my new phone I noticed that the home button seemed really pushed, as well.One week later my home button completely stops working because it was too far pushed in from when i recieved it. Next, I started noticing that not just the color of my phone was a blue tint, but also started to have blue lines all through out. WIthiin the next few days my phones LED completely goes out and the screen turns white!!!!!!!! I also put a life proof case on my phone right when i recieved so I know that it couldnt be anything other than the company we bought it from. These people took the parts out of the back of a normal iphone and used ingeneric parts so they could make money off of people. I know this because I had a cell phone tech look inside the back of my phone and said the parts were ingeneric for an iPhone and was the reason why.By the time i fix my phone with all the right parts i could of just bought a completely new iPhone.Thanks for ripping me off! DO NOT buy from them.

had some wear and tear but it was expected, but other than that the phone is great and works great.

the phone is great. My daughter is very happy. The phone met my expectations. I would definately recommend this seller to anyone wanting an iphone but don't want to pay price for a new phone.

when i went to switch to this phone, they could not do it because it had been reported lost or stolen. i returned it immediately. VERY DISAPOINTED

Well, I got something better than I wanted. It said here it was just 4 but what I got was an iPhone 4s!! But I think it was the owners problem to put it here. And label it a 4 but overAll it was a great deal

I bought it many many months ago, I just got around to review it. It's highly recommended. Comparing with iPhone 5 I use now, the 4 felt that I held on something. Right, it is heavier than iPhone 5. It's beautifully built. I just loved it.

Almost 3 years old and it just works :)  Best phone I ever had.  I have had smart phones since they first came out 10+ years ago.  I always had insurance, and broke every phone at least once except this one.  I cancelled the insurance when I came up for renewal.  I do have a heavy duty Seidio case on the phone, which probably has helped as I probably drop the phone at least once pr week.  I felt compelled to share this as companies that make quality items should be recognized for fine craftsmanship.  I even have the original plug in headphones that still work, despite being plugged in and unplugged, being caught on things and yanked out of the phone etc...  Even the battery life is better than other phones I have had before after 2.5 years.  I do shut of the location finder, as well as I only check for email manually, which helps allot.The other thing is that I never upgraded the software and am running the original 6.0.1 which is was a smart move as it is not necessary for the apps that I have.  I heard from others that the newer operating system used more battery etc..Anyway, in this day of throw away mentality, where all things break, this phone along with the headset has shown itself to be a real winner.  I hope that Apple continues to create phones like this and that others will follow suit, and prioritize quality and longevity as that is the more responsible and economical way.Despite I think the new Samsungs are probably better in many ways.  I will most likely be another Iphone, because of my success with the Iphone 4

I recently got this phone in the mail.  It works well.  I had the iphone 4 before and it was more updated but this one works too.

Ordered an iphone from these guy, got it refurbished but the wifi is only usable if i put my iphone ontop of my router so these guys suck haha should have have had my 3 year old  neice refurbish it for me. All in all dont use these guys.

the phone started out pretty good at first, but then we had to make a trip to the apple store and try to fix a few glitches.

I had been trying to find a used iPhone that was reasonably priced and in good condition, and this was it. It arrived quickly and in excellent shape. No problems with it at all.

Thank you! It was just as advertised and it is my first apple iphone.  Works great! Thank you so much!

No Sim Card Slot??? It should be an &#34;I&#34; phone not &#34;Verizon&#34; phone!! The ads in your &#34;sales&#34; did not mention &#34;no sim&#34; card slot..Return the phone for sure

We bought 2 of these for our granddaughters Christmas presents. They are so thrilled to have them. I have never seen them this happy.

My sound on my phone only worked for a few weeks now it does not work at all for no reason

not working sometimes ,,,,,,,,,,,,that's y i retuned it..............s s s s s s s s s s s s s

First of all, I rate this seller 5 stars on excellent product & exceptional shipping service! I ordered it on a Friday & as usual, I cheap out on the rush shipping so I took my chances with standard shipping. Although the expected delivery date was the following Thursday, I noticed that they shipped it out that day & I had it in my hands by Monday, yay! I've been using my spare phone for a few days after my Droid 2 crashed so I was so excited to get this phone. The packaging left more to be desired but the phone is in dang near perfect condition, looked brand new! It was charged about 75% so I was able to activate it right away on my prepaid service without any problems. I've been using it all day since 3PM & all seems to be fine. Only minor issue, which I hope don't turn in to a big issue is that sometimes, there is a lag in the response on the touch screen. I don't know if that's how all phones are as my Droids also lagged but I will keep an eye out in case it gets worse.SUMMARY: I received a great product, exactly as described. Exceptionally fast shipping. Would recommend to anyone looking for a great quality refurbished phone.

This phone is great!  I'm kinda glad that somebody stole my other phone!  Would recommend this to everyone that I know.

I bought an iPhone from this seller less than 2 months ago and it appears to be in pristine condition, due to the fact I haven't dropped it or gotten it wet, however yesterday it went caput! Was working just fine then. The screen went black and won't turn back on. I'm livid and anyone else who buys from this seller is just setting themselves up! Don't do it!

was wrong phone but they let me return it but charged way to much for restocking fee charge me $50.00

this item arrived on time, and pretty much brand new with the charger and outlet to usb plug.  I am very satisfied with this phone.

Love this phone! Great features and works great. Very quick with plenty of space. The only thing I would improve on is the camera quality, which I believe the 4s has a better quality camera. Other than that, love it!

I love my phone I'm so happy with it. Everything he said about the phone was true. It had no cracks or scratches. It was nice and clean just simply beautiful for a used phone. Thank you 100 percent satisfied.

I bought an iPhone 4 for my son whose original iPhone4 was stolen at college.  Found out we didn't have insurance, and was facing $600 in buying a new one.  This purchase was a replacement for that phone, and it was perfect.  In great shape, just the right price, and saved me a bundle of money.  Thank you Amazon.  Now I'm shopping Amazon for other products I want to save money on.

I bought an iPhone on here a couple months ago because I dropped my first one in a frat toilet. Unfortunately, it stopped working after about a month. I took it into an Apple store, and they took a look at it. They told me that the iPhone had had previous water damage, and someone covered up one of the liquid sensors, replaced the original screws and housing, and some other stuff, indicating that it had been tampered with. I paid $200 for the one on Amazon, but the woman let me buy a BRAND NEW iPhone from the Apple store for $170. I WILL NEVER BUY EXPENSIVE ELECTRONICS ONLINE EVER AGAIN! Don't be fooled!

exactly what verizon does, my phone lost the speaker not even 2 yrs old and they wanted to charge me 200.00 for replacement, and I had insurance on the phone.... what?

Why are the iPhones so expensive? I really want an iPhone..I wish I still had mine but I'm looking for an iphone..

Although I originally gave this supplier a five star rating for delivering a product as described, I am changing my rating. I subsequently discovered the microphone did not work.  To make a call I had to use a Bluetooth mike.  Unfortunately for me,I can not return the phone as I dropped it and cracked the screen.  It's replacement will not be from this supplier.

The phone works great, and there are no scratches on it. I was kind of expecting it to have some damage since it was refurbished but when I got it, it was in absolute great condition. Will buy from here again!

without great Product At one its destination in perfect condition with all accessories sos and phone charger HEADSETand usage guide

crappy phone. DIDn't deliver what they promised. NEVER again. Went to Verizon this time around

I have to say it takes a lot for me to sit down and write a review.  However, I felt it was deserved for the wonderful experience I had.  We received two phones we had ordered and one phone was short of our expectations.  I e-mailed the seller and a new phone was on its way the day they got the one I was unhappy with.  The phone arrived and was beyond what i had expected.  I would recommend to everyone one!

Didn't work with Verizon straight talk.  Bummer.  Crap camera.  Now I have an iphone that I just listen to downloaded music on.

i dont have one yet but i am saving up , my friend has one and says it is sooo much better than her old phone she  uses the internet and everything else she told me you can go into the verizon store and get a new one for free if you have insurance i think this would make a great phone for anyone who uses the internet loves to text play games and listen to music i am so excited for when i get mine .

I've had a lot of cell phones and this one is by far the best.  It lives up to it's reputation and I will definitely upgrade to the 5 in the not too distant future.  I do wish it would interface with PC's and Androids better but it's still the best out there.

I bought this item as my first iPhone, mainly because the prices everywhere else were so high. And I must say, this is great! Came in three days, and it is brand new! I would recommend them to anyone!

These iPhones came in good condition and we're ready to use.no need to buy a new Iphone when I can get iphones cheap.

Great phone! No complaints.

I purchased this on Valentines day, it got here a day late but in great condition. I am very satisfied only thing that is causing me problems is the charger cord. But no biggie, I can pick up one in my town for 5 dollars.

my daughter loves it. she hasn't had any problems with it so far. I even got a hug out of it.

This is an awesome company. No wonder they have a 100% rating. I had an issue with a phone I had purchased and they dealt with it quickly and honestly. I will use them again.Dennis from Denver

Phone is pretty cool. Love the battery life and camera. Came with a few scratches but they were only minor. Overall great phone!

He gave me the best deal , and really wasnt hard to repair

Doesn't even look used. Gf loves it. Works pretty good. Does freeze up once in awhile  but love it. Yup

This iPhone was sent to me, I attempted to activate it, and was told I bought a stolen product! I am obviously returning it and getting a refund, however, that does not make up for this HUGE problem!

the phone started out working fine then the button on the front wouldn't work correctly.  it would take 5-15 pushes before the screen would come up.  I requested a return but the button issue cleared up so I cancelled return only to have the button issue again.  it works when it wants to.  you take your chances when you order used products.

(important to note i bought one used although it was in mint condition except scuffs on the side metal)bought this phone after my droid incredible began to go haywire(3rd droid ive had that has done so) first off the device looks sleek and amazing. build quality shows well the device is almost the perfect size and fit for just about anyones hand. it hasn't been scratching easy(and im a mechanic who leaves it in there pocket) so long as you keep it away from anything sharp that is(common sense is important with this phone!not for the clumssy by any means unless you like almost having a heart attack every time it slips and almost falls)the cameras are AMAZING in daylight though arent great in the dark,call quality is about average,battery life is great(partly due to how easy it is to close un wanted apps.).as if that wasnt great the true area this phone shines is the OS. iOS7 kept the iphone 4 in mind(android ive noticed most phones around the age of the droid two dont run very well on new android builds and break via software rather quickly)ios is sleek and clean as you would aspect from apple but it isnt as bland as it was back in the day wich gives the phone a luxury feel. with new implemented app control you can quickly close apps running in the background,access your notifacation bar as well as your wieless settings and some common tools(flash light,timer,calculator,camera) without menus or widgets.all menus are clean and proper in a sense what you'd expect from a scientist making a massive amount of settings easy to access and easyer to remember where they where.only downside is iphone 4 does not have siri but that isn't a big loss at all..lastly for the pros of the phone wich is clear as day is the music player and the screen. the intergrated speaker is decent but with headphones the iphone shows it still doubles as an ipod and a darn good one at that.itunes lets you organize all your media to sync over allowing you to make playlists,change order of apps,change order of music,movies once again all about being proper and tamed.the display though is a real delight though...i always thought it was over hyped but it is truly beautiful pictures and videos dont do it justice. trust me,it may not be the best anymore but now at this price bracket its arguably the best.CONS:-its an iphone its delicate....BUY A GOOD CASE (otterbox's are good and tough though there are cheaper)-little customization...wallpaper,lock screen wallpaper,ringtones,,,,,-internal speaker isnt great-generally more $$ apps v.s free apps-look expensive so can be prone to theft(its an issue you should be warned)-no hardware camera button(but hardware silent mode switch,guess thats a lil more usefull..........not....)-no sirisummary:in the end this iphone  showed me it's world is differnt than android. and the iphones world suited my lifestyle needs. iphones are minimalistic(dont know it google image minimalism and you'll see steve jobs's style he based his products around and itll allmake sense) i like to think of it like a cadillac its just any other phone but it's a statement of luxury it may not be better but the way it makes you feel holds you to it(its a very pretty phone in black) while android phones are like street racers constantly tinkering sometimes failing and sometimes getting things just right...sadly like street racing or track cars such performance is demanding and inevitably it dies well before it should have. so yes a good android will run faster but by its half life it will have dropped performance and the battery will be garbage.. where as apple went as a luxury vehicle company would and go...hmmm....how can we make it do everything and more but keep it tamed SO IF THE OWNER TAKES CARE OF IT,IT WILL TAKE CARE OF THEM.if you read this your a trooper and i appreciate it and i hope it helped..

The iphone 4 is pretty nice great feel and came in  great condition no scracthes no porgam or app not working. I love it....so far

I ordered this phone assuming that it was a Verizon iPhone4. I reviewed the description multiple times and made my selection to purchase it because it was exactly what I needed. The day I got it I went to the Verizon store to try and activate the device in link to my phone number and they tell me that I was "sent a phone that needed a SIM card along with it, Verizon phones don't entail SIM cards." The manager of the store then told me to take the phone to the Apple store, an hour away, and see what they can do. I went to Apple earlier this afternoon and they basically told me It was a scam, and I was sent the wrong phone. Not a Verizon phone, like the packaging described, an AT&T phone. I would rate this experience very low. I am upset to have to send back a brand new slick phone that I was so excited to recieve in the first place.

A very affordable alternative to a new iPhone 5. Couldn't live without it. Used version runs a little slower but still very functional.

It was good years ago but not the best available phone on the market as of right now. If you can afford something more current like the 5 I would def go for it. IOS seems to run more fluid than Android but that is just my personal experience.

I bought my sister an iPhone 4 for Christmas but the guy we got it from scammed us, the phone wasn't activate-able. So my dad and I came on here and ordered one. I, along with my sister, am VERY pleased with the condition of this phone. I'm also surprised that it came in only FOUR days after purchasing. I highly recommend buying from this seller. I will definitely buy from them again in the future. (:

The first phone I received the home button stopped working after a couple of days.  Contacted California Calculator Connections and they sent out a replacement phone.  I have not had any issues with the second phone all seems to be going well.  I would definitely recommend shopping with California Calculator Connections to purchase phones, they are courteous and eager to help.  The only small issue with the company is it is hard to communicate with them and the voice mail was not properly working to leave a message.

The iphone is good but the box it came with says that it's only 8GB when I actually ordered a 16GB other than that one little probably the phone is great

Fair price, free delivery that came on time!  At this price & the rate of thefts this is a better deal than the insurances offered by service providers,

Everybody maligned AT&T; for their service, but the Verizon service is no better because of the hardware.  In places I used to get 4 or 5 bars with my old LG phone, I get 1 or 2 bars with the iphone until I try to connect and it drops out.  The call quality is abysmal compared to the old LG phone when the signal is less than 3 bars.  I've tried the silicone ring around the edges as suggested for the early iphones with minimal results. It does everything but act like a good phone.  Another annoyance is the touch screen has no adjustment; unless you use a (special) stylus or have very skinny fingers,  touching the screen may take you somewhere you don't intend and for many menus there is no simple single step back to correct the mistake.  It certainly doesn't live up to all of the hype; it is basically an ipod that may work as a phone if you have a good signal.  Another dubious feature is virtual signal strength bars.  Before dialing it will show 5 bars only to drop to one as soon as it tries to connect.Update: The iphone died so that I cannot hear if I hold it up to my ear just after the warranty expired!  I tried everything I could find on line to reset it; now it only is functional with a Bluetooth, wired hands free device or the terrible sounding speaker phone option; a major inconvenience. I'm anything but impressed by the lack of quality and poor ergonomics. I cannot believe the number of lemming like people that cannot wait to spend too much money for the latest crap from Apple; count me out from ever sending any of my hard earned money their way. I wish I could give it zero stars.

Home button did not work and now the screen is locking up. The appearance of phone aw as expected but not the quality.

Only gave it 4 stars because it was a little scuffed on the front. Nothing major though. Phone works great.

So at first the phone wouldn't even activate so I though maybe it was jail broken turns out nothing was wrong so I guess it's a good phone

got this and i works just like new. minor scratches on the front but you cant see them when its on. other than that it is in like new conditon. well worth the price.

it is not picking up the wifi so my phone can not back anything up and it is not letting me reset it to where it can work.

I am very happy with my iPhone and with the quick and courteous service provided by the vendor.  Our request for expedited service was graciously met and exceeded expectations.  I would highly recommend this product and vendor.

Good phone would of been nice to know left speaker didn't work! Other than that phone is in good working condition!

I have recently gone back to the Iphone 4. It is still a fine phone even with all the newer Android phones, the only thing that doesn't stand the test of time is the size of the screen.LOOK & DESIGN (NOT SCREEN)The black Iphone 4 has a nice sleek look to it. It's smooth black casing that protects the inner battery and the camera, It helps protect the phone from drops also, the iphone 4 is very durable if you drop it screen side up. Screen side down is completely different story.SCREEN SIZEThe 4.5X2,3 inch screen is way to small now with all the phones out now. Some of the Windows and Android phones have screens the size of some of the smaller tablets. The screen is very clean,clear, but it is just tiny and isn't big enough to watch Netflix, play games, or watch youtube videos comfortably without straining your eyes.STORAGEThe Apple people know what they are doing. The fact that you can't have a SD card is ridiculous. You have to squeeze all of your games, music, apps, and photos in 16 Gigs. It is easy to do unless you have an extensive collection of music or movies. If you want more storage you have to buy the 32 gig or 64 gig Iphone. It gets annoying when the new IOS come out and you have to delete stuff just to download the new operating system for your phone.HOME SCREENThe start up screen has a very nice look to it. If you group all of your apps together you can do anything directly from the start up screen like call your mom, play pandora, start itunes, check your calender, search the internet. It is a very user friendly interface and didn't take me long to figure out all of the in's and out's of the Iphone $.BATTERY LIFEAlong with the screen size this might be the thing that iphone fans complain about the most. If you are playing a lot of games your battery will last you 4-6 hours before you need to plus it in. What is the point of having to be tethered to your charger? Sure it could last all day if you only use your phone for random google searches or the occasional itunes song. Most people don't do that, at some point their phone gets a lot of use and it drains there battery pretty quickly. I hope when the Iphone 6 comes out this is fixed.CONCLUSIONThe iphone has became just another smart phone. They once where the innovators of the phone world. Now it seems like they are just posturing. Coming out with small advancements one phone cycle at a time. The Galaxy is now water proof, i know Apple can do that too. Writing this review made me realzie how unhappy I am with Apple and as a loyal Iphone fan I might be making the dread jump to Android if there isn't something amazing coming in the future very soon.

I don`t konw ,there is CDMA phone ,so I can`t use but I am in China so ......,I hate it

I should have gotten an I-phone years ago! This one is great. I have even dropped it once and it is still purring nicely.

You cannot see  hardly the crack . Other wise it's a good phone I will recommend my to go to amazon to shop for there phone and thank you!!!

My IPhone 4S died in a pool of water.  I wasn't due for an upgrade, so I was searching for a reasonable replacement.  The iPhone 4 is a great solution considering that replacing the 4s at this point would be very costly.  I was very happy with the seller.  I received my phone in two days.

she said in description it was "used-very good" it is not the back of the phone is shattered and the off button is stuck!  Mailing phone back 12/17/13 and I'm not paying for this!!!! Please refund my $$$Thank u

the phone doesn't even turn on and the charger was broken sending it back! I want my money back phone is in the mail today!

Originally I had an iPhone 4S directly from Verizon with a 2yr plan and I absolutely loved that phone. One day it mysteriously crashed and completely died. Since I still have almost a year left on my plan, I had to start shopping for a new phone. Thank god for Amazon - the price of this phone is exactly what I was looking for.The first iPhone 4 I purchased worked great for the first week but then the light sensor went out. (When you're on a phone call, the screen usually goes black so you don't dial anything with your cheek.  .. this one didn't work like that, the screen never went black.) I returned this product and purchased another one. Amazon was great with the prepaid return label and the quick refund.The second iPhone 4 I purchased works perfectly! The only thing I notice is that it is a tad slower than what I'm used to but that is to be expected with the older operating system.I would definitely recommend purchasing a phone from Amazon. If the first one doesn't work out, try again. These phones are refurbished so you might have to try a few times to get a perfect one but the price makes it worth it. Much better than purchasing a brand new iPhone for $700.

I was expecting a 4S. After Amazon offered a discount if I signed up for their reward card, I was taken back a page and this 4 was mixed in with the 4S phones. When I got it, I was majorly disappointed but sick of waiting so I kept it. Now I'm mad at myself for my impatience because it's not nearly as good as my 4S which was stolen even though the phone store said the only difference was Siri and small amount of speed...complete understatement!

Iphone 4 16GB Black, came exactly as described. Looks 100% brand new and functions perfectly. I'm very happy with my purchase. Thank you.

If you want a reasonably priced smartphone with current apps and good quality, it's hard to go wrong with an iphone. I was a hater until I got mine, and now I'm one of the Apple Zombies.

I lost a phone and had to get a new one.  This phone was about $100 and it was clean, had all accessories with it.  We we able to transfer all our stuff over to this phone.  We have been very happy with phone.

buttons are stuck and phone is slow. over all i'm not satisfied with the phone. thats all i have to say

I just wanted to replace the phone someone stole from me so it works for that purchasse alone. I would not reccommednd this phone for those who are use to Androids. It doesn't seem to send my pictures in text format very well; it does alot of freezing up.

I have owned two of these phones now, and both have stopped working. They stopped working between the first and second years of their contract. This of course means that Apple will not fix it, will not even talk to you about it, unless you are willing to spend money. However, don't think that this gets you out of your contract. You will still have to pay a monthly sum on a phone that isn't working and will not be supported by your provider or the manufacturer. The product is great when it works, but from my experience when (and not if) it stops working you will receive no support. The frustration of trying to deal with Apple's Tech support is unbelievable, especially when they do nothing to correct their own mistakes. Hello Samsung, guess I will be checking out the Galaxys.

I bought this phone for my little sister. When we received it, it was practically new! So nice and sleek and clean, the battery is good with time and doesnt waste much, no regrets here!

What rhymes with duck? Cluster f$%#!! 24 hour shipping the so called 3rd party vendor, should have their seller privilages revoked! They advertised a new IPhone, fact the phone was a year old refurb. It wouldn't hold a charge for 12 hours. They offered to let me return the phone but elected not to refund my nearly $400.00. There is No customer service, no business ethics and as far as I'm concern they are no better than a C.L ad lying thief. As for the phone, electronics dont run on sun power... Do they?

This guy is selling phones that he has opened and put other parts into. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS GUY!!

The phone came very fast in the mail. a few days after using the device I noticed that the flash on the camera did not work. a couple of days after noticing the faulty flash the screen blacked out. the phoe was still powered on but the touch screen and LED backlight was dysfunctional.

I ordered the new phone and when we received it and went to have it tuned on, it already had a phonenumber assigned to it and a text message came up saying we needed to purchase minutes for the phone.I contacted the company and they informed me to return that phone and they would send me a replacement one.I just received the replacement phone and it does not even look like a new phone and even the charger was nota apple one that would come with a new phone. I am sending this back! Not satisfied at all.

not what was described on the listing at all box was not sealed all accessories are unusable wouldn't have had a problem if you had come out and said that would be a 5 star transaction

I received a phone from west nile one of the sellers on amazon's market place for this item. When the phone arrived it could not keep a charge. When I asked to return the device they were rude and told us the phone was fine when it wasn't and that they would exchange it but we would have to pay for the shipping. I am returning the device and expecting a full refund and will never purchase from this seller or a phone on Amazon again. Very disappointing that Amazon can not control their vendors anymore.

Well lets get to it. Long story short, I got this phone as an upgrade from verizon. Was free (well verizon FRee means 30 dollar upgrade) so I figured why not. Here is the breakdown.Pros+Phone works flawless+No lost calls+Clear screen+Good lighting+Light+ThinCons-Entire thing is made of glass! I broke mine the first day! And I am very very very careful about things that are fragile. Life happened and I dropped it because it slipped off my lap, 1 foot drop at best. Front smashed in, no longer could use it.-Had to buy replace screen (icracked 65 dollars, dont use them they are terrible also) screen now works but has lines through it and black patch marks on it. Takes away from the picture, and it was insane to fix in the first place. For apple to fix, it will cost you 200 dollars.-Had to buy a case for the phone, a tough as nails case from Otter Box (they are good) cost 60 bucks.-Because of the case (which you WILL need) now the phone is bulky and no longer thin.-Insurance for the phone with verizon is insane at price, 15 dollars a month forever. And if you break it you still have to pay 150 out of pocket to replace!All in all, the phone itself works great. But what is holding the phone together is pure trash and a gimmick to get you to buy more stuff. Free phone really means Phone Upgrade $30 + Phone Case $60 + Phone screen replace $65= $155 dollar free phone. I will never buy from apple or this phone again. Stay away from unless you want to carry around a fragile phone all day and fear of it breaking, ever drop your phone?

I LIKE MY APPLE IPHONE IT WORK VERY GOOD AND AND I DO NOT HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH IT NICE

I received the iPhone in a timely manner and was pleased about that.  The first thing noticed in using it is the Home Button was not as responsive as it should have been.  It was still working but you just had to make sure you pressed it firmly.  Since it was a used item I expected there might be a minor flaw and this would qualify as one. Now two months later it is hardly working, at times not at all.  It was supposed to be "refurbished" but this one got past the quality control.  I emailed the vendor about my problem.  Since the problem got worse over time and I didn't report it promptly, I had very low expectations for a satisfactory resolution.  Much to my surprise I received a quick response with instructions to return the iPhone for a replacement.  I returned it in the same package it came in.  The replacement arrived in my mailbox about a week later.  It has worked flawlessly.  Buying used electronics can be tricky.  But this did work out to my satisfaction.

love this im so happy when i got it in the mail it works great nothing wrong with it at all.

Seller described the item just as it was! I love it no problems brand new iphone just what I needed! Thanks so much!

Very happy with phone. I was able to activate it on Tracfone (Verizon)

The phone worked for a one day then the next 3 days i had it I couldn't hear who i was calling and they couldn't hear me phone would just cut off out of no where. DO NOT BUY!!1

I recently purchased the iPhone 4-my first iPhone.  So far it has met my expectations.  I have had no issues with the phone and the battery lasts much longer than my previous android phones.

Yes, I'm an all Apple household. I'm the fanboy that makes you sick. But let's face it: Apple Products rock!Not everything is perfect; I have issues with the Apple TV, but am still waiting to see the hobby device become something serious.But the iPhone 4S lives up to its promise in many ways.If I could advise you on one thing about this phone it's this: get as much space as you can afford. Yes there is iCloud, but it's not even close to it's potential. Also, if you're like me and use streaming music services, you'll want the space for travelling without a network (like on a plane). Not to mention all of the beautiful pictures you'll take with the awesome camera this has built in! I do not take my standalone digital camera with me anymore. It just doesn't compare. And, bonus, my pics automagically get shoved up into iCloud so I can share them with all of my other Mac devices (yes including the Apple TV). Siri is in beta, but just about every time I talk to her, she really hears me and puts down my words in writing.The other thing about the iPhone that most folks don't know is that the software running it is alot older than you think. Sure the interface itself (where you touch the screen) is all new. But underneath it all is an Operating System built from the Mac OS X bits and pieces that are matured from as long ago as 1993. I know because I worked with that OS (NeXTStep) back then (both as a developer and user).I see Android devices catching up, but I'm confident that Apple will just leapfrog over whatever they put out. In the meantime, I have a phone that does everything I want, with a consistent look and feel and the elegance of a well thought out and designed operating system.Now as far as Verizon goes. Yes, it's still 3G. If you don't like that, wait for the iPhone 5, it'll be LTE by then. It actually doesn't bother me that much. I also grab wifi when I'm in a stable place. But out and about I've rarely noticed a loss of data nor dropped phone calls. I can't say I could compare this to AT&T; or any other carrier for that matter as this is my first iPhone 4(S).If you're thinking about this phone, can afford the voice and data plan, just get the most amount of space you can afford and you can't go wrong.

Received phone quickly but it was not new like I was told.  When I went to activitate at Verizon they told me it was slightly used and the language that phone was set up in was Chinese.  Charger that came with phone was not correct one, didn't even say apple which it should have been if new in box. Was mislead and disappointed

Cheaper than the 4S and almost as good for most things. If you need the 4s speed vs the 4 just get an ipad.

I bought this Iphone as a stop gap so I could have an Iphone 4 from Verizon without having to re up my contract- which I would do when the new Iphone 5 comes out. Bought it from this Amazon third party seller. It came two days after I ordered it. It is perfect! New and works like a dream. So if you don't want to spend full retail on this phone, and don't want to re-up your Verizon contract, this is the ONLY way to go!! Excellent!!

I ordered the phone on a Thursday night and received it Monday morning the phone is like new. The phone come with charger/ ear bugs. Love the phone!

I really like my new phone. I did have a Galaxy, and I feel that the iPhone is much easier to use.

The phone was in very good condition no scratches. The ear plugs were a little dirty yuck but phone and charger were in good condition. My wife loves it!

its a nice and ellegant cellphone, i like it because is a good model and has many functions for help us

phone gets really hot whenever i use it, especially when i play music on it. It also gets really hot when i charge it. Seems like its going to overheat anytime and stop working.

I will like to have this item returned to the shippers because this phone doesn't used a sim card so I can not use it

The seller claimed to have had to discontinue their phone plan and I would have to wait 20 days to activate the phone under my own plan!

This phone has given me nothing but problems. When i first got it after two months of having it the phone wouldn't charge, wouldn't receive texts/calls, and I had to return it! The company was pretty graceful in handling the issue and I received my phone fairly quickly! I received the second phone so far no issues minus the fact I had to purchase another charger because the one that was given did not work! The packaging was very nice, and they are not a bad company.

Do not buy from this seller!  I purchased this iPhone to replace my phone because I was in between upgrades, and when I called Verizon to activate it, they informed me that the phone had been REPORTED LOST OR STOLEN!  At least they took the return.  This seller is a fraud!

I am so impressed with this phone that I have recommended it to my sister.  The only complaint is the battery life, but just keep a plug at work and you will be fine.

EXCELLENT PRODUCT!!!! Have had not one issue with this item. My gf loves it and it is fully functional. It arrived with no flaws cosmetically that we werent preinformed about. All buttons were functional and it had the charger along with it. Sad to say that due to her clumsiness the screen is already damaged. :( but i would purchase from this seller again and again and again.

Decent phone, was told it was brand new and paid a pretty high price for it, and verizon informed me that it's been activated before.. So obviously not brand new. But none the less it works fine and I've had no problems with it.

It is clean and in good condition without scratchesbut I have replaced the AC may be because of bad shipping as I have been told by the technician there is a moist and some dustit came alone without any accessories as mentioned by the seller in the beginningbut in general it meets my expectations : It works well after I replaced the AC and it is cost effective

Excellent price and fast delivery from Amazon.com  The iphone was in better condition than described.The phone looked like whoever had it before took excellent care of it.  Updated to io 6 and phone is working very smooth

I misread the title as an 4S...  I ordered it and it came in as described! It is very clean.  I just have yet to activate it, as I actually got an iPhone 4S and used it for my work phone as I had intended in the first place...

The phone works great but the sell didn't reset the phone. What can I do bout this????Thanks have a good day

The only issue with this purchase was that the car charger did not work.  Otherwise, phone was as advertised and all was fine

We LOVE our phones! They look brand new and work great! We had no problem setting them up with our carrier either. In fact, we are so pleased with this company I just ordered another one for our daughter!

I didn't know what to expect.  The phone was in excellent condition.  The headphones and charging cable appear to be new.  I have had it for two weeks without any issue.  It replaced a stolen phone and I couldn't be happier.

I'm not a fan of verizon or iphones. Just not my type of ball park. Sure it's nice and easy for anyone with or without a brain but android is better in my eyes.

This is my first iPhone use it with tracfone service easy to set up. Only thing I don't like is I am unable to use phone as a hotspot. Would definitely purchase again. Phone looked like it had never been used.

My I Phone got here really quickly and was ready to use when I got it.  I loved it.  It was in awsome condition just like the description said it was.  NO nicks or dings. It was like new. Thanks!

I love it! It does so much, great pictures, seems easier to use than some other phones.  I really like that there aren't buttons on the edges  that you have to be careful not to touch or you lose the stufff on your screen.

I order a unlocked phone, and I got a lock phone had to send it back I did not like that.

I got my iphone in today and was in good condition.  After getting this iphonei contacted Verizon they told me i cant use this phone.  I  am furious with this company.  i have waited a weak to get this phone and now this happens bad product

The phone works good even tho its a cheap phone. Did not have scratches,was well taken care of. Only problem I had was it took a while to charge, thankfully amazon was nice enough to send me money for a new charger.

Overall it's a great step up from LG Revolution. I definitely prefer iOS to the Android operating system. The phone itself works wonderfully. My only issue is that within a month of having the phone the on/off button ceased to work and the only option is to replace the phone. The workaround if it turns off is to plug it into a charger and it turns on. It's not a major issue because the battery life is very good on it.

Phone was exactly what was advertised as.I would purchased the phone again. Need to make sure that phone was released from prior carrier.

Super happy with my phone.  Glad I got it!  Better than buying a new phone.  Hope you have more to sell when I need another new one!

MY FRIST IPHONE AND I LOVE IT. MAY BE NEXT YEAR I WILL GET THE IPHONE5. ILOVE IT. GOOD COMPANY I GOT FROM,LOVE IT.

I lost my phone a couple of months ago and needed an iPhone for work (I work for a mobile app). I ordered this phone with some trepidation, and have essentially received what I thought I would get. Phone arrived in record time (three business days), with negligible wear and tear (some little pock marks in the side). It was easily activated, Verizon as advertised, so I was pretty happy. Except the home button didn't work for the first day, which was a huge pain. It just started working; we'll see if it continues to do so! Overall, pretty happy. Don't expect a phone that's brand-new like.

If you don't know all of the features of the iphone, it is time to discover. The iphone is similar to an ipod touch with a built in phone. The size is just right. If you are looking for a bigger screen, then the Iphone may not be the best choice. The other down side it that the battery doesn't last as long as I would have hoped. Between calls, emails, texts, and my daughter playing on it, the battery can go fast. The easiest solution I can offer is to keep a charger in the car/ on hand. My favorite feature is the camera. The pictures it takes are pretty good quality, and after you print them they turn out quite nice. This is good especially if you don't always have your digital camera handy. I also love that it can link directly to my ipad, so there is no need to transfer any contacts, messages, etc. It does it automatically. It also never freezes on me like previous phones. It is definitely a solid phone and I recommend it highly.

Perfect. As great alternative to signing a expensive contract and paying an arm, leg and your firstborn. The item i received was flawless.

The home button only works about 1 in every 5 times I push it. I didn't receive any headphones. Other than that I am pleased.

The phone arrived promptly and in the condition described. Although, it has now been about a month and now the home button is not working.

the phone does not want active waste of time to buy the phone and i want toget my refund back

I chose this rating because it's not perfect. I can say that it's very well made and it's the best phone I've had so far. Keeps me involved with finding out what all it has to offer.

I purchased a &#34;new&#34; iPhone 4 a few months ago and it would constantly shut off. One day the screen stopped working completely. I took it into the Apple store and they wouldn't touch the phone because it had a &#34;third party screen.&#34; They sold me a refurbished iPhone as a new iPhone.

Great much more than I expected out of a used phone I like the condition that it was in and the extras

I ordered the iPhone 4 figuring I'd give Apple a shot after having a series of glitchy android phones. Unfortunately the iPhone 4 I received was one of the many that has an issue with the receiver and speaker due to the fact that the IC chips are not properly soldered onto the motherboard.  I looked online and literally hundreds of people have this issue.  Even better, while it is Apple's fault for improperly manufacturing these phones, that doesn't stop them from asking for hundreds of dollars to fix the problem.  Back to android phones for me.

I got exactly what I paid for and I am very happy with the product. It looks like it is brand new.

i am proud to have this phone i am so so so very happy and literally satisfied that i got this phone i wouldn't give my phone up for nothing in this world thank you so very much

This product is great, my 14 year old son loved it. I will certainly refer a friend and a family.Thanks

Easy to use overall.  Meets all my needs...Could suggest it to all who need/want a iphone...So go for it!  End

But this one apparently has no way to update it.  If the only thing needed was to make/receive calls/texts it would be fine.  But if you wanted to get on Facebook then there was a problem.  If you tried to download FB it would say it needed an update.  An iPhone user tried to get it updated and could not find anywhere in settings to get it to work.  So this phone is no longer being used.

At first I was a little nervous about getting a phone from amazon especially an IPhone. Anyone can write some good reviews and make it look good. But now that I have the phone everything works just fine couldn't be happier!!! And it comes in its original box and come with everything it says it does so glad that this purchase went well. So glad I made this choice!!!

The iPhone that I purchased was allegedly a refurbished phone vs a  &#34;New&#34; phone. I was purchasing a &#34;New&#34; phone. I was so embarrrased when the person I bought the phone for called and the phone was already in service and assigned to another customer. The phone was working and you could make calls.  The Verizon technician tried to initialize the phone and it failed. He also determined the phone was refurnished and it was never cleared from the original customer. My experience was very disappointing. I will be very hesitant to purchase any electronics from this site:(

I recieved the phone in the mail and I thought it would be good. I had the phone connected by my carrier right away and then some problems occured. first the phone wasnt able to connect to the network cause they used a microscope to see the water marks in the attena, and I had nothing but problems trying to connect it. I am very mad and paid a lot of money.

No problem no scratches no hassle just a fun phone to have! Super easy to use TOO! Great overall phone! :)

I order this a while ago and it crapped out on me the first day i got it. I was so disappointing. I don't think i will be buying any product from this company again!

Horrible dont buy from this guy. Phones are stolen and half of them u will have to spend money on even though he said it was new.

I first recieved the phone on time! The phone was in great condition. At least two days after the phone started to act totally crazy so NOW i have to see if Apple will repair it. Waste of my damn money and dont worry not again. You dont pay for what you get.

Just got my phone...brand new!!! So far it's great but will definitely take some getting used to since its sooo different from my android X2.

I received the phone in only two days! Much earlier than I had thought it would take to ship.Everything looks swell so far. I just turned it on. It seems to be brand new and never used before as far as I can tell.I am having a little difficulty with the charger. Nothing looks or feels loose, but the phone loses connection with the charger frequently. Hopefully it doesn't end up being too much of a problem.

I ordered two black iphone and they shipped one white and one black.  My niece took it to Viet Nam as a gift for my family, when it get there they opened, turned out to be a used iphone, someone has used the product already.  I paid full price for this, it's too late to return it because the two iphone in Viet Nam, it was a scammed and I would never buy any product from that company again. When I called to complain they don&#8217;t seem to really wanted to help and only credit $60 after many phone call.

My screen its blue black white and pink now and I dont know why. I haven't dropped it and it has been no where near the water.

Do not like annual (or longer) cell phone contracts so until I discovered a Verizon month-to-month contract for smart phones was stuck with a pretty basic phone.Then found out about a $60/month Verizon month-to-month plan which provides unlimited phone plus text and email and support for a 3G IPhone.Purchased a used iPhone 4 through Amazon  ... and love its capabilities.Very easy learning curve as lready an an Apple Ipad user

Did not know much about GSM vs. CDMA when I bought this phone, but was forced to figure it out quickly. This allowed us to bail on Verizon & get a much better deal on phone service. Needless to say, the iPhone's are hyped, but they sure are versatile & let me keep all of my contacts & content together.

excelente equipo

I can find just about anything I want. If I need to return something it is not a big hassell.

The iphone i would not prefer due to it always freezing and i dropped mine on a hard carpet one single time and it completely shattered the screen was very disappointed and also when you update your iphone it takes forever and a day to update if it minused all these issues made the screen more crack proof and did not always freeze and take forever and a day to update until then i will give this item a 2-3. Also i am always having to buy new chargers due to them always breaking.

I will be shopping with you agan it is in good condeson in it's really work fin so thank you so much for it

The phone is an active phone with someone else's number and information.  Is this a stolen phone?  How can I activate the phone with my phone number?

Bought this used iPhone 4 for 175. Pretty cheap! I was a little skeptical.. but I received it just on time, and everything works perfectly. Awesome

It arrived on time if not earlier and was in perfect working order.

The iphone I recieved works well and have not had any issues with it so far. But I do not recommend the charger/plug in accessory that it comes with. It broke the first day after I tried charging the phone.

when I received the phone it was everything the review had commented, very condition,with charger,usb connector,and earphone. it is easier to use than my Galaxy.

love everything about this phone.... at first the audio didnt seem to work but, if you got settings, then go to sound, and then press rimgtone, play around with the ringtone and turn up the volume and then it will work

This was a gift from family member, who unfortunately decided I needed the newest, most featured electronic device available.  They bought it with the contract with Verizon.Unfortunately what I needed is a new cell phone, not a multipurpose small computer.  I carry my cell phone when driving or working outside for safety to call for help in event of an accident.  It uses Sprint service and there is good service within 50 miles radius of my home.Since I am on the edge of Verizon service in my area, this connection is weak.To use the dial features, I have to put on my reading glasses and make multiple swipes to make the IPhone call anybody. Siri does not work at all without excellent connection service so a major feature that might have worked is not available to me.Because of the poor reception area, the IPhone keeps searching all the time for a good signal.  This decreases the battery life to about 4 hours.It would be a great phone for someone in a city, who does not use reading glasses, accesses internet for sports scores and plays on-line games.  It is of no value to me at all.

I order this phone four months ago and last month, when it was updating, it died during the upgade. I took it to the apple store and they would not fix it or give me a replacement phone since the internal parts were not apple parts - very disappointed!

My wife loves these phones. I personally would use and Iphone for target practice. But it makes her happy so there.

After reading several reviews I was very skeptical about the condition that I would receive this phone. In a lot of review it would say: &#34;The seller advertised it ad NEW and when I got it was used&#34; or a lot others would say: &#34;This was a stolen phone&#34; and so on and so on...Well I wanted to take the time to write a VERY GOOD review for this specific seller: Dial Cell. He advertised the phone as &#34;Brand New in Box&#34; and that is EXACTLY what I got!! It comes in a sealed apple original box. Everything works perfect in the phone. Please, do not stress yourself over this purchase. It is a valid honest seller. I am a VERY satisfied customer. Thank you very much Amazon for backing up good sellers such is Dial Cell.

Switched from Samsung phone to iPhone 4.So many things I miss about the Android OS. (Swipe & voice texting,)Had to return the iPhone because the camera wouldn't focus.Bought the Samsung S4...LOVE it.

I love the i phone but I bought a used one here and the camera takes blurry pictures and the button no longer works that turns the sound on and off.

I VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE OF THE PHONE ! I BOUGHT IT FOR  I MY WIFE SHE  LIKE THE PRICE OF THE PHONE IS A GOOD VALUE FOR THE PRICE OF A IPHONE . IT WORKS RIGHT OUT OF BOX . ITS EASY TO SET ON THE VERIZON SYSTEM. I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY

phone go off and on cant use it i be on it for a good lil minute it will cut off on its on

The phone wasn't supposed to arrive for 2-3 weeks, but it showed up just after a few days. There are no scratches or marks to indicate that it's a used phone. The home button is a little stubborn sometimes, but overall I'm very happy with the condition of it. Activating it for verizon took less than a minute.

Great phone! Although it slaps me in the face about once a week - it's the best personal assistant ever!

good product, as described.

Ordered this phone and got it in 3days. Was real excited until I tried to use the key pad. About 5 of keys would not work. The phone had a sticker on the front said it was new. Instead of sending it back I took it to Peach Mac and traded it in for a new one for $ 149.00. So don't buy this phone. Really disgusted  about this. No more buying electronics  on line for me. They need to check out these iPhones before they send them out. J Raines

I am so pleased with my iphone4!!! I love it and it pretty much brand new! of course it has some scratches on the side but other than that I am very content and excited; for being used its in great shape! It was fast shipping too! I will definitely buy from them again!

Works great for a good price. iOS7 works very well, much better than the older version. Phone did not have any damage.

I bought an iphone that was advertised as &#34;NEW&#34;, but once I activated it, there was almost no sound! it was so faint when the volume was turned up all the way, that it was worthless. You couldn't hear the person on the other end AT ALL! So disappointed. Shouldn't advertise defective products as &#34;new.&#34;

I read the description for this phone and it was said that minimal damage was done. In that aspect this phone is good but he failed to mention the home button only works occasionally after multiple presses. If that had been in the description I would have kept looking. Instead I paid over a 100$ to be frustrated everyday when I try to hit the home button.

I purchased this phone two weeks ago for my daughter and now it's not working. She can't get any sound out of the phone... she can't hear it ring, it doesn't vibrate, the GPS doesn't work properly and she has to power it up to check her missed calls. My daughter text her best friend and she has the same IPhone 4S and she's had problems with hers. She's also sent her a text and an error message shows up saying that message failed.

disculpa queria saber si los equipos iphone 4 nuevos que vendes son desbloqueado para cualquier linea por favor responde para realizar mi compra

Its a phone that you know is sort of a spring board yes to get people to by S's or C's cheap stunt apple doesn't seem to care about keeping customers happy but now Samsung might take over the smart phone chain I can tell you one thing I am unhappy with Apple and staying far away from iPhone.  Still have this phone I swear at it everyday this is my second iPhone 4 Apple did replace my other 4(it was glitchy and battery issues kind of like the phone in general).  Expensive overrated phone avoid apple.

Its faster than a Droid. This is my first iPhone. Its brilliant, has its own voicemail instead of Verizon's voicemail, doesn't use that &#34;at the tone please record your message&#34; crap. I only use my old Droid for internet for now. Hopefully getting another apple device for internet. The Droid sucks and is very slow.

Got this for my girlfriend for christmas and she could not be more enamored with it. Great Product! Thinking about getting one for myself.

PERFECT SHAPE! MATCHES WHAT WAS DISCRIBED! Thanks for being honest that it was used, but in good condition there are many that don't

Okay, so I have had this phone for just a few months and it is horrible! Sometimes, I don't get notifications when I get texts or calls and I have it to where I'd get them, but I get none at all sometimes! Also, the music. The music sometimes doesn't cooperate and won't turn on. Not only that, but the phone shuts off randomly and takes a while to come back on, sometimes I have to press the power button to get it back on, and it does it when FULLY CHARGED. Lastly, silence mode. I have it on silent when I go to school and once, it went off IN CLASS on silent mode! Luckily it didn't get me in trouble...I checked it after it rang- said it was on SILENT! Horrible phone.

Arrived in great shape and as promised. Packaged appropriately. This is my first Apple product so I guess I am now a member of 'the collective'

Doesn't charge. Buy a better quality more expensive one from somebody else. If you receive a good one then you're lucky.

We ordered the above iphone on Monday 12/31/2012.  We received it on 01/4/2013 and the post office was closed on 01/01/2013!  The phone also arrived with a phone case and charger, neither were listed in the description of the phone.

I broke my new razor maxx hd so I bought this phone. I took a huge step backwards. The phone is just old and slow.

Just recieved my Iphone order. Extremely fast delivery, excellent condition AS stated! Along with a hand written note, AND a covering for the phone which I didn't even think off.  It is a gift, and at the moment I cannot be more pleased to have chosen Reliance for my purchase. So far it is everything I expected and I am delighted. You guys get 5 stars from me. Thanks.

Very good! I enjoy the outcome of my product!!! It works like any phone I would buy at Verizon Wireless Store!!

This is the last phone Steve Jobs worked on, it's features are awesome I really love the block feature, and voicemail feature. Aside from not enough GB I do love the phone...

Good price for a phone replacement (as opposed to $400 for new). The main button seems to stick alot, which could be expected for a refurbished phone.

Whoever shipped it to me, took out the real Apple headphones and replaced them with the Chinese crap.  The first day I wore them, they broke.  I am in the Peace Corps and I really counted on these headphones to make it through my service.  I do not suggest this site.

You guys are the best, the phone is clean with no problems.Thank you very very much, I will definitely make you my next choice to buy a phone

The speaker that is used for phone calls didn't work. The rest of the phone worked ok. Needed phone so we kept it. Otherwise I would have sent it back.

I really like the phone, at first I was kind of anti-Apple but as time went on my Ipod touch won me over, and when the day came that I needed a new phone the transition was smooth and took no getting use to what so ever.

looks like new local Verizon set up have not had problems with phone I like this.  more than any android  fast shipping and no problems

This iPhone is way better than my Blackberry dumb phone. I would definitely recommend the iPhone 4 to my family and friends.

This phone arrived looking new.  This will do for my college daughter until her contract renewal which she will be able to get a new phone.  There was water damage in her last iPhone for so this will hold her until the new contract.

The phone was defective. It wouldn't hold a charge at all! I tried multiple chargers to make sure it wasn't the phone and I kept receiving the same results. I'm disappointed in this purchase and seller. I won't be recommending this seller to anyone.

Amazing.. phone. black please. Apple iPhone 4 16GB. this good. CDMA Verizon . Maybe that has brought apple on phone and it is best to buy it for Android and Amazon is a good way.

I was skeptical on buying an iPhone off of amazon but, after talking to the seller I was confirmed that this would be a good investment and it was!! Works better then ever and I love it!!

New as described. No problems with phone.  Showed up in a timely manner. Does not  get any better than this.

Bought this for my son, he has been wanting one for a very long time...So far he is very happy with it!! definately recommend to others!!

I was very pleased with this product, it came exactly how it was described. No scratches, cracks or chips. I even got it 2 days earlier then the estimated time. I loved that it came with a case with it aswell and the case was also in very good condition. I recommend this product to anyone looking for a cheap iPhone.

This phone is REFURBISHED and used. Currently working fine, but do not be fooled. it is NOT new, the package seems like new but you can tell it's been repackaged.

Even though this was an old version and a used/ refurbished phone, it's just like new to me! I don't order things online often and was worried it wouldn't meet my expectations but it did. It came in only a few days which was awesome! Love my new/ old phone!!

I cant insert the SIM on the iphone so i cant use it. I need to sell it again. Thanks

This phone doesn't work well with the latest update.  I had the iPhone 5 but was forced to downgrade back to the iPhone 4 when my 5 got stolen. My 4 worked fine with update at first but after all the apps updated themselves everything got slower. I only have 14 apps.

This phone came in the mail extremely fast I paid only 94$ for a BRAND NEW iPhone i was very suprised at what a great phone i got. Activation was extremely easy all we had to do was dial the verizon activation number and it was set!!!!!!!!!

It has worked great so far. It has been a great deal. Glad we found a replacement for half the price of the original!

Bought this for my mom as her Verizon plan wasn't available for an upgrade for another year. Was very apprehensive to buy a refurbished phone but this company and the phone itself were fantastic! Fast shipping and phone was brand new!! I now recommend going this route to all my friends ;)

this Phone was not good at all the phone i got looked to be in good condition but after going to a phone store to activate the phone i sadly found out that the phone was not able to be activated at all do to the last  owner not paying a bill on the phone , so without the last owner clearing the bill thats due .  SO THAT IS WHY I WILL NEVER BUY Anything else from WITH AMAZON AGAIN.

The phone was new, sealed, and still in the box, as promised. A really awesome seller who got the package to me in very short order.Sadly, I was mugged this past Monday and lost my little phone. I loved it so much, and now I'm saving up to buy another phone from this seller. Seriously, honest, accurate, mint condition product and quick delivery. What more could you ask for?This phone was bad ass. Seriously. Fast, no overly-attentive AI (which somewhat creeps me out), and simply reliable and convenient.

When I purchased this iPhone 4, I thought that the SIM card can be inserted into the phone. But, it can't. And, this is not a brand new iPhone 4 as described. I can tell that it has been used. ALSO, the charger is missed. Overall, this phone is worthless to me.

THIS PHONE IS SO BAD THE SCREEN MOVES BY IT SELF THIS IPHONE IS SO BAD IM WARNING YOU!!!!! DONT GET IT DOESNT WORK. I REGRET BUYING IT  IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

thanks for your time just wanted to know about my rebolso because the iphone has been sent. saver or what we can do thanks good day

Have had it for about 3 months, with no issues. It was easy to activate, and works perfectly. It was a bit pricey.

I got this perfect looking phone in the mail. Spent two whole days getting all my apps on there. Took it to verizon to activate it and found out I purchased a $200 dollar stolen phone. I am glad that Amazon has such great customer service or I would have been livid. If I wanted a stolen phone I would have bought of Craigslist.

This iphone 4 verizon 16GB said Brand New. I looked inside the phone thinking it was good. There had been major water damage. When i press on the screen, IT changes colors. DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM. They basically ripped me off out of the $350 i paid for it.

It has been beneficial for my job and personal updatesss.

The phone came to me in working order. I am happy with the phone for the most part. I was just upset that this seller did not send a phone charger with it nor did he say that one of the speakers was not working correctly. Overall, I am happy with the purchase though.

I ordered an iPhone 4 and got a 4S instead!! The phone works great and it makes me feel good that I got it at a great price!! I recommend this product for anyone who doesn't have one!

I.love the iPhone 4 because it is compatible with my iPod although I  am just learning how to use iCloud.  I already have a dock at home and know the basics because of my iPod.

The order said that I would be paying for an Iphone 4 16GB and when the phone got here; on the box it says &#34;Iphone 4 16GB&#34; but when I plugged my iphone into the computer it says Iphone 4 8GB!!!! I thought I was paying for 16 GB NOT 8GB! But thats okay because I will NEVER EVER order anything else off of Amazon again!

Just purchased what was supposed to be a 16gb Iphone 4. Took it to Verizon to be activated and asked customer service if they could tell which one it was. It was the 8gb...so I get home and look at the box it came in, which it looked to be a brand new phone in original packaging when I originally opened it. Further inspection of the box I see a little white sticker over the 8gb printing on the back of the box, which someone covered up really well, not noticeable at a quick glance. Ridiculous....I'm very disappointed with Amazon on this one. I'd return it, but I can not be without a phone for 4-7 days as I need it for my electrical contracting business. All in all, the phone works exactly as it should, but I am irritated because I spend a good amount of money on Amazon and got screwed on a phone. I'd say it's a gamble to purchase one, BUYER BEWARE!!!

Bought as replacement for son who dropped his phone through hole while ice fishing.  Made him go phone less for a month before buying this replacement. Came brand new, thought I was getting refurbished one.  He set up and got back on our Verizon plan in 15 minutes.  Didn't even need tech support through seller.  Way safer than craigslist and felt confident with Amazon if something went wrong.  I am very pleased!

it works very good so far it does what is supposed to do it also came in a good condition so i hope that it will work for a long time good phone..

The phone came in great shape and has performed perfectly. Absolutely no problems. I would recommend this phone and vendor to anyone.

everything I was hoping for and more. even arrived sooner than expected. works great and came with all the accessories I needed.

I love this phone, I use it on Straight Talk services, and it works great. No issues. I would buy again.

In my ignorance, I thought that if my provider used Verizon when roaming then I would need a Verizon phone. Not the case at all! I called Golden State (my provider), Apple and Verizon all to no avail. None of them would unlock the phone so it could be used on Golden State.Seems to me that Apple has a good thing going when one must purchase a new phone whenever they change providers.

It looked and worked amazingly! We have not had any problems with it at all so far! Thank you very much!

I love my I phone 4 it arrived a little late but brand new out the box and I had no idea it included a case which was also brand new I would recommend this seller to my friends. Also I would like to add that I've been a android user for many years and would not go back to android.

I bought this item for my mom for Christmas as her first smartphone. For a price of 150 dollars and not seeing a picture of the phone I was very impressed that the phone was in very good condition and came with headphones and the usb cable, and that it worked and activated on Verizon.Overall, the phone is good, but just kind of basic. There is really no pop out features that are on this phone. Its nice that it is IOS 7 compatible because I know it more then likely wont be IOS 8 compatible.  Its kind of heavy when i hold it actually compared to my S4. For someone like my mom, however, who just wants to check Facebook, weather, pinterest, and surf the web every once in a while its perfect for here. The operating system is very easy to learn and my mom has adapted well to the change from her old samsung basic phone.If you are tech savyy person then this is not the area to look for in a new phone, Also, make sure you know how much memory you need before buying because 16gb is really only about 14.5 and it can fill up fast with lots of music and apps.

Phone was as described. Clean and fully functional. No scratches, marks or malfunctions.  Excellent value. Arrived when promised and well packaged.

Awe, this phone has no problems with it at all. I loved it, but then I lost it and had to get a new one. It wasn't nearly as perfect as this one. :c

Wrong product was sent two (2) times in a row.Ordered &#34;New&#34; iphone 4 and received &#34;Used&#34; iphones both times.Returned both phones... Not good!

was in better shape than described. I had to return because straight talk was stupid and gave me the wrong info, but the seller was awesome and did a full return no problem. The phone was in like new condition and came with everything a new phone does. Great phone for a great price!!!

Did not come with a screen protector already on it but the phone, itself, is great. Best phone ever purchased.

Of course, the iPhone continues being the best phone on the market. Obviously an old and outdated iPhone 4 with iOS 7 will be slow, so get used to that. It's a great phone, fast, apps are fun, passbook is kind of pointless but you can't delete it, haha. I would never ever consider getting any other phone than an iPhone. Androids just don't compare to them! I'm only giving four stars because with iOS 7 it freezes more than occasionally and lags. **don't get iOS 7 with this phone!**

If you are an apple fan, then it is a must buy. It's easy to use and has many fun apps.

The phone has some small technical gliches .... But they can be forgiven hopefully they won't cause any bigger problems. All an all good phone &#128077;

Although it has proven very reliable and useful. This item was falsely advertised as 16 gb and it is only 4 gb

I bought a used Verizon iphone 4. It was described as very good condition well in fact it is excellent!I bought it from a seller called K & K Realty with shipment fullfilled by Amazon. I was able to activate it the same day I received it through Amazon prime. It is a Verizon phone so I called the customer service to check if it really has a clean ESN (MEID), and yes it does! I ported my existing verizon number to it in a jiffy with the help of Verizon customer support rep. over the phone. It look so sleek and the screen images look so crisp! FYI: this iphone will only work with Verizon. It has no SIM so it cannot be unlocked to be used with other carriers. If you prefer an iphone with SIM, consider At&t iphone, which can be unlocked. Alot of cellular repair places can do it for a small fee.

I bought this phone for a reasonable price, and paid overnight shipping just to figure out when I tried to activate it that it is on the lost or stolen list for verizon! This is not a business I will ever buy from again.

This is more like a paper weight than a cell phone. Its so heavy and bulky I use it as a wheel chock on my trailer. I recommend this product to women who may need it in times of self defense. Just use the iPhone as a big rock, which I believe is its soul purpose of existence.

it was okay at first and then slowly the home button stopped working. i had to use the onscreen home button instead which was a pain. i know this was refurbished but for how much i spent i expected better. this was years ago and i'm now a faithful samsung owner.

Bought this for my mother.  She wanted a refurbished iPhone.  All works well but the camera.  Images are grainy and at low resolution unfortunately.

Strong work. I just took my mother board out and swapped it. No need to even go into the cell store to activate and it's like a new phone

The phone itself is fine.  The cord included for charging the battery was not the correct cord for the phone.  A message came up on my phone after attempting to charge it and said it was not the correct charger.  I happened to have a charger from my old phone, so it was not a problem, but it would have been had I not had my old charger.

I like the phone caucse it is cheaper than the phones they have at the Verizon store. I just like it cause it is going to take a while before Verizon is going to connect the phone.

My daughter loves her Apple I-phone 4. It works great, you can do anything with it. Liked it so much I bought one for myself.

May 6, 2012.I recently switched from a HTC Desire (Google Android) to an iPhone 4S, and I have finally got to experience what the fuss is all about. Firstly it's a beautiful phone, both externally, and in terms of interface. Everything is gorgeous, smooth moving, and clean looking. The interface never becomes jerky or slow, unlike with my Desire, and although that sounds like a minor thing, it actually makes a huge amount of difference: Just using the phone is enjoyable, everything feels really "solid".The keyboard is also FAR improved to the one I had to suffer with for two years on my HTC Desire. I've only had my iPhone a few days and I'm already a fast typer than I ever was with that phone. Well done, Apple!That said, there are few things that my HTC Desire did better:1. The Desire came with an LED indicator that would flash green if I had any updates. That meant that I could glance at my phone across the room and see if I had any texts, missed calls, emails, Facebook updates, etc. It was very handy. The iPhone 4S has a feature to use its flash in a similar manner, but it actually only flashes the instant you receive a text or email. Then it stops, meaning it's pretty useless.2. The Desire came with a way to control the cursor. The "home" button on that phone also detected finger movement. If I was typing something and I wanted to go back a few characters, I could just move my thumb across it, and control the flashing cursor between the letters. It was extremely useful and I find myself trying to do it on the iPhone. Unfortunately on the iPhone all you can do is hold your finger on the screen and drag the cursor to where you want it to be (you also had this option on the Desire, but I never used it because the other way was far more efficient). It's a little glitchy and a lot slower. Shame.3. When I wanted to search the internet for something with my HTC Desire, I could just press the "Search" button on the case. It was quick and intuitive. On the iPhone it's astonishingly laborious: You must go into the web browser and select the "Google" bar on the top right hand corner of the screen. It's not THAT bad, however, because there's a shortcut that allows you to zip up to the top of the screen.4. Although the scrolling is wonderfully smooth on the iPhone (certainly smoother than the Desire was), it's a lot slower. On my Desire I could "flick" the screen with my finger and it would keep scrolling on its own, with its own inertia (it would eventually slow down depending on how fast I had "flicked" it). This was fantastic when all you want to do is check for new comments on a blog post. You could quickly and easily scroll down to the bottom of a page, without any finger strain.On the iPhone the scrolling stops soon after you let go, making navigating long pages a very arduous experience indeed.5. On top of the lack of an LED indicator, the iPhone is also lacking with regards to keeping you informed of updates. On my HTC Desire there would be an icon at the top of the screen, no matter what I was doing, letting me know if I had any updates. A different icon for each update: An email, a text message, a missed call, a Facebook update, a new Twitter message, etc.On the iPhone you get informed, but then it's gone. It's hard to explain how this isn't as good as the Android equivalent, and I understand that it probably sounds minor to those who have never used an Android phone.Update: I've actually gotten used the Apple way of doing things, so while it may jar for those who move across, chances are you'll adapt like I have.6. One of the best Apps on the Android is a free one called "FoxyRing". It has a terrible name, but it's brilliant: It automatically adjusts your ring/notification volume for you, depending on the loudness of the ambient sound around you. Just walked into a Library? It will turn the volume down for you. In the middle of a gig? It will turn it up for you. All done automatically. You can also set it so that your phone automatically goes to silent at a given time, every evening (say 11pm) and goes back to normal (i.e. automatically adjusting your volume) at 8am. In other words, I never had to worry about my phone's volume, it was just taken care of.Sadly Apple do not allow Apps to have this sort of control, and they don't have the equivalent system built in to their OS. It's a real shame because I think it will eventually become standard in the future for people not to have to worry about their phone's volume.Anyways, this is a minor concern, because a lot of people won't have that particular App.So ultimately, while there are flaws with this phone, they don't ruin the experience. It's a little shocking to me, as a new user, that Apple has seen fit to focus their attention on gimmicks like "Siri" (I don't know anyone who really makes use of it), when there are could be some great improvements made to the interface.Would I go back to an Android? Nope. At least, not right now. The experience on the iPhone, however frustratingly idiosyncratic at times, is still an enjoyable one. The little graphical touches, the slickness of the presentation, and the simplicity of use, all make it really satisfying. After the many quirks of my Android phone, it's really nice to have a phone "that just works". It may not do exactly what you want it to do, but what it does do, it does extremely well.Final note: Be prepared to spend a bit extra on a case and/or screen protector. Not only is the iPhone notoriously fragile and prone to smashing if dropped (I know about five people with cracked screens), it's also pretty slippery in your hand compared to other phones. A rubber case will make it less likely to take a tumble out of your hand, and a screen protector will keep that glass screen scratch free. It's an unfortunate hidden cost, in my opinion.Additional note: If you're an Android user, you may also be shocked to discover how lacklustre Apple's support for Facebook and GMail are. Both of these apps are not as good as their Android counterparts at the time of writing, and there's no way to "link" phone numbers to Facebook accounts. Another annoying, but minor, quirk of the iPhone to be aware of.

I needed a replacement phone for a long time, and I always wanted an iPhone. This one was a really great buy, in my opinion, and I'm thrilled. It arrived brand new in the original box with all accessories. It's been working perfectly ever since I activated it. Shipping charges and fulfillment time were well above expectations. I highly recommend this seller.

I recently purchased an Iphone 4s.  Although I said no to downloading OS7, it downloaded when I finally gave in to the keyboard fix and really, really makes the Iphone very hard to read because it has a transparent look to help you with other applications.  When you go online, you now have WHITE LETTERS against a WHITE BACK GROUND or white letters against a light green back ground which you cannot fix on your phones screen!  You now have to darken the back ground (I use BLACK NOW!),  just to be able to see your ICONS and applications better!  The download also changes your address book and not all address/contacts will sync between my MacBookPro and my IPhone 4s?  Yes, I called tech support but they do not have an answer as to why apple did this new look.  I called tech support twice before I did the KeyBoard Fix and was advised TWICE by tech support (documented at apple support) as the fix required 3.1 GB!  When I asked apple why the file was so big, I was advised not to worry as the fix would leave everything on my phone the same as it was but the down load needed that space to down load the 4s keyboard fix.  What really happens is you end up with the look of the cheaper IPhone C.  Apple ruined the 4s with this recent upgrade to OS7 operating system which went from easy to see, easy to read, easy to sync, to almost impossible unless you keep adjusting the brightness for each article you want to read-what a pain!.  I AM DONE WITH APPLE PRODUCTS UNLESS THEY ACKNOWLEDGE THEIR MISTAKE WITH A FIX, TO MAKE MY 4S LOOK AND WORK THE WAY I PURCHASED IT!  It is now almost impossible to go on line and read anything as the screen gives out a powerful white back light that makes you just give up on using your apple IPhone to do any type of research which means staring at the screen which really makes you physically ill (check reports of such on line).  This is the first negative report I have ever given to APPLE.  Their tech support is the best!  But, even tech support can not fix a basic, powerful, APPLE, misstep.  Why apple decided to make the OS7 change the screen on the Iphone 3, 3s, 4, 4s very hard to see with the human eye, is totally beyond my comprehension! Who wants a phone with great apps if you CAN'T READ THE DARN SCREEN!  There should be a warning that states this keyboard patch will COMPLETELY INSTALL A NEW OPERATING SYSTEM.  IF YOU DO NOT USE OS7, THEN OS7 SHOULD WARN YOU THAT YOU ARE INSTALLING A NEW OPERATING SYSTEM THAT WILL COMPLETELY CHANGE HOW YOUR PHONE LOOKS AND OPERATES.  APPLE JUST WANTS TO FORCE YOU INTO OS7.

I am very pleased with it  The 4s is very user friendly.  I have plenty of storage space and my phone takes good pictures.

this phone is too good conditionOr saying silly things such as &#34;SIRI I love you&#34; will cause it to say &#34;I'll bet you say that to all your Apple products

The phone is perfect. Looks new. Works like it should. All my Google info transferred perfectly. Came with ios7. No problems. I had guessed it would come with older ios and I had read there could be problems with upgrade. Have not gone to the the most current ios for fear of potential problems. This phone used to replace a damaged Android on a an existing line with Verizon. No problems with activating.More than you wanted to know - now all my lines with Verizon are out of contract, all current phones bought used via Amazon or Ebay. Just a slight easing of the corporate yoke.This is deliberately not a review of an iphone. It's a report of buying a used phone online. The process has worked for me.

Do not buy iPhones from amazon. They are not new/unopened. This phone was defective or flashed before. Don't waste your time or money.

This phone was is very good condition, with not even a scratch on it. The only complaint that I have it that it does not stay charged long at all.

Bought this awhile back and lasted me forever. Still is in awesome condition even though I dont use i anymore since used the upgrade.

This phone works but I had it checked by a Verizon tech and they said the phone is in really bad condition. There is water damage and corrosion on all ports. Cosmetically it is fine.  I will have to end up buying another phone from verzion soon if the problems with this continues.The seller said the phone only had minor cosmetic damage.

Even though I've stepped up to the iPhone 5 (another 5 star product), I still have my iPhone 4 in case I lose my iP5. If that should happen, I will be quite comfortable with my iP4 as it has many of the features of the 5, just slower and lower resolution camera being the only real drawbacks, and at that, only slight drawbacks! Once again, the only thing I question is the price on Amazon, since this is generally free with a contract, or at most 99. So, as they say, &#34;you do the math&#34;!

This is one amazing phone. And yes, I purchased this refurbished in 2012. Is it as fast as the 4S? No. But overall i'm not looking to game or anything, I just want to use the phone, messaging, email, and ipod features. And for those things, it's absolutely perfect. The retina display is seriously amazing, and I still haven't seen a phone that truly matches the crispness of this display.TLDR version: it's a great phone. Certainly not the most powerful, but the A4 chip is no slouch either. Highly recommend for those watching their wallet.

Would never consider buying an apple phone again. First my home button failed and two months later the power button is failing. AVOID BUYING THIS PHONE! faulty buttons are common in iphones. GIve it a google and you'll see what i mean, or find out first hand like me ._.

I was unable to hear calls well and I did trouble shoot the phone several times. It had way more than &#34;a few&#34; scratches on it. It had many. Not a bad phone but not that great. I also got refund but they took a restocking fee from me which was not disclosed in a policy. I have requested my additionally 22.50 they are trying to keep and haven't heard back. I'll let you know if they are fair. I paid for shipping both ways so to charge me a restock fee w/o disclosing that in the policy is unfair.

I love my iphone, it does everything I need it to do and more.  It is simple and not as glitchy as android, on the other hand it is not as customizable as an android phone.  Given a choice though, I would take simple and less glitchy any day.

Great Quality!  It looks and works like a brand new phone!  I have no complaints, and the price was very low.

I used iPhone4 to add a second line to my account. The unit works as described and using it I avoided an additional service contract.

Phone came right on time and works perfectly.  Have had no problems and is the best thing I have spent this kind of money on in a long time.

I have a 4s iPhone, this was easy to use, I like that I can share all my info with my family trough cloud.

I ordered a refurbished iPhone from Repair It Fair in April of 2013 and now (in July) I finally have a suitable phone. It is still slower than I had anticipated (perhaps there really is a difference between the 4 and the 4s that I had before) but at least it functions. The first iPhone that I received had a completely dysfunctional battery. After returning it to the company (to the incorrect address that I was given), I received the same phone with a new battery weeks later. It was still unusable, though it ceased the sporadic battery loss after the first day of use. The phone refused to stay connected to Wi-fi for more than 45 seconds, which became almost comical. Almost. After complaining extensively to Brad's voicemail and via email (I don't think we ever spoke on the phone except the first time I called) I was sent a new-used-iPhone, seriously nicked, which functions well enough. If you are planning on buying this online to save money, I would reconsider. This took me almost 4 months longer than it would have if I had just sucked it up. Or at least bought a phone from someone in CA rather than freaking Tennessee, and what a terrible experience it was.

Well this is my first ever customer review, but I gotta say that this is actually in better condition than I expected. I checked the new and used prices and found one called "Hollywood Merchandise" and something else, the cost was only $175 plus tax which came out to $179. It actually came very fast. Shipped in two days, considering I live in California though. But where I live is completely on the other side of California.Down to the condition though.The condition of this phone is pretty good. It came packaged into USPS, the mailman left a key in my mailbox which opens the big boxlike part of the mailbox, bubble wrapped packaging in an orange envelope for papers, the iPhone was in a box that says "iPhone" on the front of it with a picture of the iPhone 4, nothing more. Came with a charger cable and a USB wall adapter, a pair of microphone earbuds (pretty cheap, but still.), and the iPhone had a screen protector on it to protect any scratches while being shipped and it also lied down on its face with some black plastic thing to protect the back of the iPhone. The phone was also inactivated ! I was worried I was going to order an activated iPhone that was someone else's. But the only things that were wrong with the phone is that you can tell someone left an otterbox defender case on it for roughly over 6 months at least. It is a tad bit scratched but I actually just rubbed rubbing alcohol on it and it cleared up fairly well. I mean the scratches are still there but it's not something you notice the first time when holding the phone. The last thing is that the vibration on the phone makes a disturbing sound, as if the phone were laying on a wooden desk and it was on silent and it makes a chattering noise from the wood, but I don't use vibration cause I never have my phone on silent, so it wasn't a problem at all for me actually.I am a very satisfied customer and I recommend this to anyone, even if the iPhone 5 is out. I feel late but this will do for sure until I get to working this summer.

I got the same phone from version store. I had it for about a year now so I think it marrets a review. This phone is pretty dependable when making calls. I never dropped a call on my end so far. I'm on 3G now thogh I don't know why they don't update mine to 4G.The 16 GB HDD is pretty spacious. I'm able to hold 150 songs and around 120 apps and I still have lots of room to maneuver. The memory and CPU helps it run very well. Most apps never crash on me compared to android apps like google which now crashes all the time on android market in my experience. The battery is pretty good if you take care of it. Charge it when it's at 20% and don't try to charge it overnight and use a 5 volt charger as much as you can. If you take care of the battery it can last almost two days without charging it.The 3G network does have problems sometimes because it occasionally switches from 3G to 1X which is a pain in the ASS sometimes like when I try to use the GPS or brouse the web. It even switches from 3G to 1X even with international CDMA turned off. the newest IOS 7 doesn't look as good as IOS 6. IOS 6 looked more professional. In IOS 7 the apps are more cartoony which I don't really like but whatever. Another thing I don't like is how the slide down menue is on the bottom of the lock screen which is annoying because I end up activating the slide down menue instead of unlocking the phone.Over all I still love it. I don't think I'm upgrading for a while because it's still good to me Apple in my opinion rushed the 5, 5c and 5S. The iPhone 4S to me still feels like a top of the line. I forgot to mention the 8 megapixel camera! It's great to. Pictures come out beautifully if you allow it time to adjust to light and focus and photos don't take up allot of HDD space. Also there is a small flaw in the speaker when watching YouTube videos. The YouTube audio seems to play through the ear piece next to whe webcam instead of the bottom speakers like its supposed to and I've tried everything I can to try to fix it so I might need to take it to apple or version store to find out why it does that.

If I was to choose now I would choose the iphone 4. I know that all the new tec came out like the 5,5s,5c but ever since it has come out the other older phone's got cheaper. With the quality of the iphone 4 you won't know the difference between the two. When you buy it it come's with head phones and a charger that plug's in to any outlet.It has a smooth front and a  back that will fit you perfectly.I chose this phone because of the price, the quality and all the good things I heard about it.It has all the thing's that every one could use for work, school, and for fun. The thing I use it for are notes, calling,games time,internet, music and I could go on and on but I'll stop.the camera has a great space to keep all of your photos in one safe spot that anyone can trust.It is super portabal with the internet it fast and wont keep you waiting.It has all the same bell's and whisile's as the 5,5s,5c. It may not be as light or as easy as the 5 but, it is the same thing.With all the great thing's, it has it is so easy to just tap,swipe and go.I've had a great time with this phone and I want everyone else to have just as good time as I did.if I were,you and your thinking about upgrading then this is the perfect thing for you with its price it's a great tool for me and it will be for you.so if I were to choose I would choose the iPhone 4.

I have a question, the universal phone is unlocked for use on any part of the world? I need the answer as quickly as possible. Thanks

The phone was clean, unscratched and in good condition. I just wish the battery lasted a little longer. Otherwise a great purchase!

My iPhone 4 works perfectly and it arrived sooner than I though ( three days). For any of you that are sceptical about refurbished items, you have no need to worry. Great buy!

Bought this as a gift for my 16 year old grandson.  He loves it!! Own one myself....it's a great phone!

Was not what I expected. I needed an I Phone with a SIM card slot and this one did not have one.

Was very helpfull.... Item was exactly as described .... Sent faster then promised..answered questions that they really didn't even have to... I love my iPhone!!

it is good, only one defect,  it does not send some messages, it send messages only when the person that i send message is closer, but if the person is far away it does not send  some of the messages.

I wish i had spent the extra 80 bucks to get a 4s, The iPhone  is MUCH slower with ios7. Good phone, just getting a bit old.

It was just what I needed!

good evening, happy to greet this is to notify you that this phone is CDMA technology, and specifications not INDICCA percent so I cheated, I'm from Venezuela and the phone does not work here because it is CDMA phones work in Venezuela with technology GCM , I advise you to put it in their specifications that assure you as I must aver many customers for my product are swindlers and Venezuela should buy that team are deceiving people, I would like to fix but I pudiecen distance parese me it is impossible, without adding that the team takes me months to arrive. sincericen what they are offering because the equipment is expensive

great gift for nef would recommend to others very sturdy and tuff sencenef is olny 11 thank you for product

I like the phone. It has many things like text message, e-mail, and social medias like Face Book. Verizon has good network. Like it.

Did not meet my requirements.  It was set up to run in Verizon's network and I was an AT&T user.  The return policy executed perfectly with Amazon.

Good purchase, came with no wear and tear. I ordered this one for my teenage son for Christmas. Very good condition, no scratches. I ordered the same phone in white for my daughter for her birthday also.Both phones came in original box with charger and everything.Needless to say they are both happy, no complaints.

I never really wanted to purchase a IPhone because I felt like the font and functioning of the phone would be difficult because the screen was to small. I was pleasantly surprised to see that I could enlarge things on the phone and see them just fine. The phone was in excellent condition it had the appearance of being brand new. The Amazon warehouse have great items the phone worked great on the pageplus system and every app works as it should. I lkie the way the IPhone works it is better than the android system that I had before I was very surprised and pleased to say the least. I would truly recommend purchasing from this seller again amazon warehouse is awesome.

Phone stopped working and had some sort of internal component issue less than 30 days after purchase.  Apple nor Verizon could not fix the issue.  Had to completely replace and pay additional cost for a replacement.  Completely Dissatisfied!!!

I bought this for my boyfriend and he used it for several months before upgrading. It was brand new and worked perfectly.

i lost my phone on halloween and needed a quick and easy replacement, the phone was in very good condition, and had met my expectation.

Received phone promptly.  Was exactly the product listed in ad.  I was worried that I would receive a used phone or a phone that wouldn't connect with Verizon. Phone came in new with shrink wrap and connected with Verizon.

Got this fast from the Barnyard wireless seller overnight. Came with Ios 7 preinstalled and it worked directly with my wife's Verizon account. Took 5 minutes with them on the phone to sign this phone up and link it with my wife's number. For this price it can't be beat!

He loved it, Came in brand new in a box never opened he loves his new iphone 4. Thank you.

The phone works as expected and my son is extremely happy with it. We received it sooner than expected as well.

Well the Rep of the iPhone speaks for itself;  and this purchase was hassle free as usual with Amazon and there vendors. Never had a Smart Phone so I went and started asking around at the Verizon store and they filled me in on all of these numbers I required to assure that the phone was legit and not stolen.  ANd I was so confused when we were done that I was sure glad that I decided to purchase my iPhone from Amazon because of the way that they stand behind each purchase.  And no worries with the numbers required since the vendor stated that the phone was new.  And as advertised the programming on the phone went like a charm and all is working well.

I absolutely love my iPhone :) Even though I bought mine used, it is still a great phone! I've dropped it a few times (it is in the Commuter series Otterbox case) and it doesn't have any cracks, scratches or internal issues that I am aware of. It would take A LOT to make me go back to an Android. Great phone!

power button stop working in a couple of days. Have to use virtual button via accessibility option. I hate it.

I bought this phone under the impression that it was brand new just like it says it was. I knew right away that it wasn't brand new. It doesn't come with an apple box or any paperwork at all. It does come with all the accesories (wall charger, charging cord, and headphones) I begin to activate it and it keeps saying that activation cannot be completed blah blah blah. I contact Verizon and begin to troubleshoot the issue. I do everything they tell me to do and still can't be activated. They transfer me to an apple tech and after 3 tries of resetting the phone and 2hrs later it was finally activated. They also inform me that the phone was activated for one month.

The phone came to my house today and I am very happy with the I phone.  I would definitely recommend this company to anybody looking for a refurbished I phone.

The phone ran great! got it on time and everything, but the MAJOR no no was the fact that the phone was still activated from the previous owner, therefore 2 staring it. sorry. these things need to be checked

DO NOT buy from this or any other products from this seller (iSelliPhones) I purchase a Verizon Apple iPhone 16gb from them and it was fulfilled by Amazon. The seller swap the charger adapter and now my phone will not charge in the wall. It will keep say "charging not supported with this accessory". I took it to Verizon and the rep told me that the wall plug is fake. and showed me a real one. So after leaving them a bad feedback they sent me out a 32gb. They told me that this brand new, but they are not going to send me all the stuff that comes with it. I chatted with apple and found the original purchased date. Then I called Verizon they told me the last activation date for that 32gb iphone and the activation date for the iphone I originally purchased.

I've had no problems with this phone. It lived up to the description and I am very pleased with it.

Ugh, this is so disappointing. I got this for my daughter and it doesn't charge!!! I specifically ordered off Amazon for a reason, I thought this would be a more reputable.  I trust Amazon will do a proper return as they always good what that but really frustrating to get the phone, set it all up but broken! We tried three different chargers!!!

Phone arrived on time but I paid extra so it would. Phone does not charge all the way and the top button is stuck! Gotta love that I spent 187 dollars for a semi-working phone. Thanks for nothing.

I bought this and another iphone for my husband and I while I'm currently deployed. I couldn't be happier with this product because though, yes, it serves a basic function as a phone, the apps, the games and the durability without the glitches is a godsend and perfect for anyone.

I received my iPhone 4 in exactly two days and it was just as the seller had listed. Communication was excellent and I will most definitely be a repeat customer next time I need a phone.

This arrived on time. It was great to see a personal note in the package - saying &#34;Enjoy your new phone&#34;.  All is well with this experience.

The cellphone was good, but I can not use it because I live outside of USA.I am using it like Ipod and it is OK

I finally ditched my Samsung Galaxy. What a horrible phone that was! The iPhone is great. I'll never go back!

i bought 2, one of the phone has home button issue. 80% fail rate. you have to press several times

Do not want a provider that makes me sign  a long time contract.If I could use the their hone on my provider I would have kept it.

Not really recommended . failed to be able to be activated . phone looks and works besides that , just be careful ,

The apple phone was for my husband for Christmas.  He just loves it and I am so happy that I got it for him because it is so easy for him to use.

I have the Iphone 4s and ordered this 4 model for My Dad. These phones are amazing hands down. I had an android before I got my iphone and I will not go back unless Im forced to! They Work perfectly, no glitches or anything and they continue to be that way! You can do everything with them. But Keep in Mind a good cellphone case that protects it is everything! They have one weakness and that's water even condensation.

I LOVE my iphone 4, it looks and works great and was a breeze get everything switched over=-) I would highly reccomend this seller.

Kids are super pleased and the phone was received in great condition.  I expected to notice more scratches but the phone was spotless.  Thanks!

Was a very good deal. Great phone! I bought it as a gift for a friend. He missed the one he had so badly.

great phone, the pictures are clear now and I willrecommend this to all my friends and fam. Thanks you guyzzz

The lock button sucks, the camera sucks and there were yellow discoloration within the screen.  But other then that everything was okay, I don't think I would ever buy another iphone from this place again

I love the whole specs of this phone. The camera, battery, games app etc... Smart phones are the best, good quality. This is my first smart phone ever.. iPhone 4 is the best!

It started freezing after a week and it could no longer do the basic things it was supposed to do

it was brooking when i bought it. The guy said he would take it back and he ended up mailing it back and screwing me over.

bought used iPhone 4 for my son. the phone was in great condition - no scratches or anything that i could see. only thing is that the package arrived with the charger plug/prongs completely poking out of wrapper, and unfortunately the charger doesn't work now but overall happy with my purchase

The iPhone 4 I ordered was advertised as new and appeared to be when I received it on 7-7-13. But 2 months later Apple looked it up by its serial number & said that it was purchased on 3-5-11! Maybe that explains why the screen cracked after falling just 3 ft onto linoleum IN an OtterBox Defender!  VERY DISAPPOINTED that KeerKeersWireless falsely advertised & I let Amazon know that they might want to reconsider utilizing this company.

I choose a five star rating because this item was listed as used like new, when actually it was new.  It arrived before the suggested date.  I was able to activate it the same day and start using it.  Fantastic!

lost my iphone felt lost without it.  took a chance with amazon and phone i bought was just fine.  Great condition, no hassle.  took it to iphone store had diagnostic done. i  was very  relieved.  Yay!! thanks

Unfortunately as soon as the phone was removed from the charger the screen would go black.  I read some several bad reviews on these refurbished units and simply sent it back.

It was in good condition but I can not use it because it's cdma and I can not use it in my country

daughter loved it after days of figuring out which company would turn it on for us we ran out of option Verizon was the the only service we could go with

I needed an iPhone for my daughter. Dang, these things are expensive! That said, this phone was all that it claimed to be, it was delivered fast, I took it up to Verizon and it worked right out of the box. Best of all, my daughter is happy!

I was a little hesitant to buy a used iphone, but I went ahead and purchased through amazon.  When I recieved the phone the quality was great and the phone worked just like my original I bought new.  I have had no issues so far with using the phone.  The seller cleared everything off the phone and had it ready to go for me to use immediately.  Props to seller for good quality product.

This was just what we wanted, had and looked just like it was wrote to be. We were very happy with the iPhone we got. Thank you

I love it the phone is very reliable and is a grate phone so happy i ordered it was worth it

Lock button stopped working after only 28 days of receiving phone... Could not turn phone off, take screen shots, or lock phone manually. Phone seemed really slow about making phone calls and loadig apps.

I was so excited! Then I went to switch to this device and couldn't because the device had not been properly reset for someone else to be able to use. Ridiculous and I am still upset.

the phone was in good condition as described, everything worked and was activated easily. The home button is kinda sticky and doesn't always work; I often have to press it a couple times.

My new iphone was stolen today.  I am sure that the thief who has my phone will try to sell it, maybe even on this website!!! I just read a review on here, by someone who said they bought somebody else's ACTIVE phone.  This is why I would advise people to think before buying used, they may be purchasing stolen property.

Slot for charging adapter not large enough for adapter. After 3 people working to get cable head inserted...we realized the opening was too small.  Just threw it in trash.

My daughter loves her new phone, she loves it because the camera takes great pictures, who needs a camera these days with this phone around. she loves all the applications on it. We would highly recommend this phone, it's a great phone. The shipment of the phone was great, I was told a certain date and it was here before the date that they had anticipated.

I AM WRITING TO EXPRESS MY anger that I feel that I have been A VICTIM OF FRAUD WHEN MAKING THE PURCHASE OF TWO IPHON 4 THAT ARE NOT ORIGINALS OF APPLE, ARE CHINESE AND DON'T HAVE AS INSERTALES THE SIM CARD. EXIIJO THE RETURN OF MY money because I feel swindled. I thought this SITE WAS RELIABLE FOR THIS TYPE OF TRANSACTIONS BUT UNFORTUNATELY NOT CONFIRM THAT. I demand MY MONEY BACK AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.AS WELL AS PLEASE THEM I DEMAND MY MONEY BACK THAT I AM NOT PREPARED TO TOLERATE THIS TYPE OF ACTION AND LESS OF A SITE THAT I THOUGHT seriously, and unfortunately NOT BE ABLE TO GIVE GOOD COMMENTS ABOUT THIS SITE, BY THE TIME I CAN ONLY SAY THAT IT IS A RELIABLE SITE NOTHING AND THAT EVERYONE IS EXPOSED TO BE A VICTIM OF A SCAM AS WELL AS I HAVE BEEN ME. I reiterate my discontent OR I thought I buy some genuine APPLE IPHONE AND THEY SENT ME SOME CHINESE PHONES THAT DO NOT SERVE FOR NOTHING.

Phone showed up in great shape. The battery only lasts 6hrs before shutting off which is lame.  Don't know how to fix it.

i gave it 4 stars well because it was nothing that blew my mind and has sent me on a quest to tell everyone i meet that it is the best device ever.but i will say it was a great referb phone that i bought from noble planet &#34;i see that most do not say the seller&#34; and leave most possible buyers &#34;like me&#34; at the time of searching in the dark as to what company is worth buying from it has some very minor cosmetic problems but like i said it was not a new phone but for $90 less it is well worth it. all in all i am only going to be using this phone for 7 months and hope it will continue to meet my expectations it maybe will turn me from getting the moto X i was planing on getting first off!

I received this product with the appearance of almost new, this product did not have a scratch and so far this fascinate me

I purchased a new iPhone 4 and I'm very happy with it.  As with any Apple product in my opinion it's the best

Works pretty darn good. Great beginner smart phone. Fun and easy to use. Everyone will have one one day soon.

My iPhone got stolen while I was on vacation, so I had no hope of finding it after iCloud couldn't help. Ordered a replacement and was a little uncertain, but the price was so low I had to try. iPhone 4 got here 3 days before its estimate, and was PERFECT, nothing wrong with the way it looks or works. My only complaint is that the charger it was sent with, for whatever reason, won't fit in it, but I have so many Apple chargers that it doesn't matter.I know the sellers of this product are all mashed together, but I bought mine from the seller SM Time, and I HIGHLY recommend them!

I have no regrets.  Could not ask for a better used product.  It was easy to get  my cell phone plan and number put on the iPhone.  I am very happy.

Received this item in less than 5 days and it was as described.  My son is very happy.  I will do business with you again.

The product was worth the money.  I saved a bundle picking up the phone this way.  Thanks.  Good for business.

This was a Christmas gift for my 12 year old. It was her first smartphone and I thought it was perfect to start her off with. She can't put it down. Would recommend, but had I'd known about Iphones, I would have purchased at least the 4s instead of the 4.

The phone was working fine the night the I got it activated through page plus. The next morning the phone was near completely dysfunctional will not turn on unless its plugged up. When it does cut on it reads December 5th at around 7. It also reads searching for service. Then it will randomly cut off. I was highly displeased when this happened. Hopefully it's not to late to negotiate something with the dealer.

I also ordered this phone for a friend of mine. His daughter wanted one for her friend to have a phone. The apps and gadgets for this phone are the best on the market and everybody knows these phones are great.I defenitely  would say to order from here if you are in the market. The price was great, the condition was superb, and it came a day earlier than expected. You couldn't ask for anything better.

this phone will not send or receive pictures , and will not play songs on a ipod station. there is something wrong with the phone

I've had the 2G iPhone when it first came out, then upgraded to the 3G, then the iPhone 4, and now am the proud owner of an Android device. After further review on the 3 previous phones, here's my pros & cons about the iphones I've had:Pros- iPhone 4 has a nice sleek design, shaped flat on the back, as opposed to the last iphone I had which was rounded on the back- Faster than the last 2 iPhones I had (2G & 3G)- Fits most modern cases (Mine is the Ariza Imperial case which Amazon sells -Ariza Imperial iPhone 4 / 4S -Leaux Comfort Case with Genuine Leather -Gold / Black)- Great with the latest IOS- App Store, iTunes, Podcast, & Overall High QualityCons- Small Device vs most larger screens of today- No FREE MUSIC apps (Unless iPhone is jailbroken)- Less Free Apps than Android- Not an Android Phone :)Overall, I never had issues with my iPhone 4, but often dropped my phone due to my clumsiness, so I purchased an Ariza Imperial case to protect my phone and also look like a million bucks.Anyone interested, you can find this case hereAriza Imperial iPhone 4 / 4S -Leaux Comfort Case with Genuine Leather -Gold / BlackI loved my old iPhone 4 but I liked Android even better :)The iPhone 4 is great for those who like its style, but I am more into having a mini sized PC in my pocket with free apps and free music :)

We bought this device from amazon Warehouse and it was sold in the unlocked phone section.When we received it, the phone was not unlocked, had no port sim and could only be used with verizon.We talked with amazon custumer service for them to replace it with an real unlocked phone as we are so close from Christmas but they refused to which is very unprofessional considering that misleading informations are given on the description of the product.
