
The only good thing about this whole ordeal was the fact that I received the product within 4 business days. Upon arrival, however, the product did not work and was defective!! The capability to connect to any data services like 4g and internet were totally broken. My internet service and sim card, as well as all phone settings dictated that the product should have been working. It never picked up the data service. I took the phone to the direct carrier store and they said, also, that I should be picking up some sort of data service but that the phone was defective. Upon looking at this product and doing some general diagnostics, I also noticed that one of the charging prongs that charge the battery inside the phone, was bent and almost broken off. Clearly, the phone was neither inspected nor tested before sending out to a customer. Total DISAPPOINTMENT.

This phone is such a P0S for the first month of use I wanted to throw this thing out of the window every single day. It crashed EVERY DAY from the day I had it. EVERY DAY. It could not go 24 hours without crashing. Apps were constantly disappearing mid-use, and the phone freezes daily to the point where the only way to resolve it is to pull the battery out and put it back in. This P0S phone also has no flash. Seriously? Which genius decided this phone didn't need flash? The firm ware is so horribly designed it freezes and it is extremely slow. It takes a long time to load icons even though the phone was brand new.This phone is essentially unusable without rooting. I finally broke down and rooted the phone and installed Octane Rom. The phone finally stopped crashing on me every day, although the 1GB ram proved too little, so Yelp and Gmail cannot be opened at the same time or the phone freezes. The phone MUST be rooted to be a usable phone, and forget about a decent camera. If you want your phone to also double as a camera, this is not the phone you're looking for.I also forgot to mention the genius who designed this phone locked down the FM feature from the hardware so even after rooting I could not get a signal on the FM app I installed. This phone cannot do FM.Also, this phone was loaded with bloatware galore. I had to uninstall a lot of the bloatware just to get enough phone memory so I can install a rom. The phone's internal memory is a joke. I would steer clear of this phone all together. It's such a P0S that if Costco did not break my awesome MyTouch4G and shoved this P0S in my way as a "comparable phone", I would have never chosen this P0S for myself. I heard they fixed a lot of the design issues with this phone in S II. If you want a Samsung Galaxy that much, get S II or S III. This phone just makes me want to steer clear of Galaxy all together though. It should've been pulled off the market as a faulty product.

I bought this phone for husband about a month ago. I received the phone on time and that is the only good thing about it. I bought this phone because I have had a good experience with Samsung galaxy phones. But this one l got is a fake one. Nothing about this phone works. It is just useless. I wasted my money on this piece of trash for nothing. Please do not buy this phone from this company. This is my second bad experience from. It will definite be my last

Iread and was anticipating a memory card and earphones which I did not receive. if entitled I eagerly look forward to getting them. At least a response.

Excellent build quality and everything you'd expect from a handset of this generation. The screen looks great compared to other phones from the era. I would recommend a case, because the silver edges can get scratched.

I brought this for my wife and she loves it. The screen is big and she is learning how to use the camera phone which is the feature she likes best on it.

Everything about this phone is great except for it will freeze if it gets overheated which is about once a month. Will hold up to about 20 apps, couple hundred songs, and 1,000 pictures. Last thing I don't like about it is that it is 2.3.4, and cannot download certain apps in the play store. GREAT BUY other than that. I would definetly recommend this to everyone!

This has been nothin but a big pain. Im on the second unit and both work intermittently. I highly recomend this  phone by make and model but these particular phones from this supplier are a nightmare.

I bought the Samsung Galaxy S 4G from Worldwide Distributors to put it on a new line of my wife's t-mobile family plan (I currently have an iPhone on at&t;). I do not know much about android phones, but the reviews seemed to indicate that this was the closest to the iPhone of any available. So far I like the phone. It is somewhat lighter than the iPhone (it has a plastic back cover instead of the solid glass and metal) and feels somewhat cheaper, but is a solid phone nonetheless. I am getting used to the android interface but have a lot yet to learn before I am as comfortable as I am with my iPhone. My only disappointment so far is that there was no memory card in the box although the box and manual said it was included (also no sim card but that was expected although the box indicates that it should have one); I suppose it was left out to make the phone cheaper, but it seems like a sneaky thing to do. Now on to the pros and cons so far:Pros:- I LOVE the beautiful large display! Not quite as good as the retina display of the iPhone but close.- Works with t-mobile (my wife's plan) with no jailbreak/unlock needed- Android is new to me so it will be a new learning experience- Easy network data disable in the shutdown menu (nice touch!)- Very fast data transfer on wifi (have not tried 4G)Cons:- Cheaper feel, not as solid as iPhone (but then again, nothing is!)- Larger footprint- New interface will take some getting used to

The Vibrant works fine as a phone and the call quality is great on T-Mobile, but for the price this phone is not worth it, as many of the advanced features really don't work as well as I would expect.Pros:- Beautiful screen and video play back- Good call quality with T-MobileCons:- GPS doesn't work. Promised fixes from Samsung did not fix the problem. I can usually drive to my destination before the phone is able to lock onto its location. The Navigation app will not work unless it gets a GPS fix (not just coarse location from cell towers).- Insufficient battery capacity. If you only use this as a phone, then the battery will get you through a day, but turn on any of the smartphone features (GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth) or use any apps and the battery runs down very quickly. I need to keep a USB charger at work and one in my car just in case.- No Android updates. Samsung is focused on releasing new models, and has not provided any Android updates since 2.2.- No Customer Support. If you contact Samsung about any topic the response will be something like: "We cannot provide information related to your request as that would cause confusion". I swear! I've gotten this response multiple times.- Camera has poor contrast in low light. The "brightness" setting in the app has no effect. Again, no updates to fix this.- Many delays and lock-ups in apps. This may be related to the Android apps themselves, but I suspect it is related to the processor and file I/O.- When using SWYPE keyboard, there is a "hidden word" dialog that persistently pops up, and cannot be disabled. This is extremely annoying. I like the SWYPE feature, and I understand that this dialog has been fixed, but with no updates from Samsung I can't get the fix. I had to buy a third-party touch keyboard app with a similar Swype interface.I will never buy another Samsung phone after this experience with the Vibrant.

the phone was fine but I could not get the volume to turn up  I had to send it back . but amazon you are great I will buy from you from now on  Ricky

I really did like this phone. Sad that I had to send it back. Would not activate. Would love a replacement.

Battery does not last long before it need to be recharge and there is no warning before the system shut off completely.

Phone is malfunctioning after only 32 days. Have contacted TheBlueDot to return the phone or exchange it. After this is rectified I will certainly be happy to change my rating.

The T959 Galagy S Vibrant is not a true 4g phone like the product description says. What was sent to me did not function on the The T-mobile or Solavei network in 4g, it only functions in 2g, the company that sold it to me offered a refund, but I couldn't be without a phone, I do not recommend the Galaxy line for compatibility issues.

I bought the phone to get an introduction to smartphones and it has served me as expected.  As a result, I really like androids and will soon buy an upgraded model.  The galaxy is an older generation and the capabilities are limited.  However, I bought the phone so I could also use it overseas, as I often travel.  This phone was labeled as unlocked, but IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED.  This caused me undue trouble when I arrived at my foreign destination and bought a local SIM card.  What a hassle. The seller responded to my frantic plea for help with the website for a vendor that sells unlock codes!  This was not helpful and kinda upset me, that I was expected to buy a code for a phone that was labeled as unlocked.  Ultimately it worked out, I found a local store in-country and the professionals took the time to really work the phone and get it unlocked.  Apparently, it is not an easy device to unlock, and simply entering codes would not get the job down.  When I was in the US, I was not able to tell that it was still locked, because my service provider uses the T-Mobile towers to broadcast the signal.  Ironically (or fortunately) the device was originally part of the T-Mobile network.

I purchased my phone on end of March, beginning of April. When I purchased my phone it states on the link that, it had  us warranty for 1 year. What type of warranty is this.  I'm not asking for a return, I want an exchange. I love my phone, even my family we have two other ones. They don't have any problems. My is not over heating, I have put people on speakers in other to hear them, I even purchased a Bluetooth, because vendor doesn't want to exchange, since I had this for more then 6 months. Now have problems with the Bluetooth too, is not working.. Also it get problems that have sometimes problem with the screen that says number and states rebutting.  What is type of warranty does my cell has. I have warranty for 1 year. We will never purchase any from Amazon (Alphatrust) any more, since this vendor is not trusted. If it has warranty why it doesn't get solve. My phone is defective. I took good care of it. I bought an screen protector, and phone case, and even a Bluetooth, and now I will have to get a new a new one, since the warranty that, they (Alphatrust) said it has ( is not true).  I think I got a refurbished phone, when I pay for a new one.  Alphatrust can not be trust, they don't fallow this &#34;1 YEAR WARRANTY  US&#34;. They don't even reply to emails.

This is an amazing phone! I purchased this to replace my Blackberry 9700 because it was starting to act crazy. It got to the point where the phone would freeze when a call came through only to unfreeze when the caller hung up. Finally fed up I chose to get this device. Originally I was not interested in this phone because I was still scarred from the G1 experience and wanted nothing more to do with Android. After my friends found out I was intensely looking into the HTC HD7 they worked diligently to change my mind and steer me back to Android. This smartphone does everything and more. I will be as detailed as possible about this device.PackagingWhen I received the package I found that it was very well put together. The box, of course, was open because the dealer needed to remove the sim card and to unlock the phone. Otherwise the phone was pristine and looked like I had ordered it from Tmobile. The items that were included was the phone, travel charger extender, data wire, battery, 16 GB micro sd card, Samsung premium in-ear earphones, and the manuals. One thing I did not like about the charger was that there is not a wire attached to the travel portion so you have to always use the data cable to charge the phone. This looks like it's the norm for this line of phones, so no quality loss on behalf of the dealer, just simply Samsung's poor designing. The back of the phone is a little flimsier than I would like, but that's all opinion. The weight of the phone is not heavy at all but is so sturdy that one would think that a metal back would make it a little classier. I have the Samsung Behold as well, much cheaper than this phone, and it has a really nice metal-like back on it. Overall, however, the packaging was very professional.ScreenThe screen on the phone is a four inch super amoled screen. The colors are very vibrant and crisp with no visible pixelation.NetworkI have Tmobile unlimited prepaid service, which is $70 a month. I had absolutely no issues in getting service started. I live in an area where my blackberry constantly stayed between edge and 3G, never fully 3G service so I had no high hopes for this device. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I installed my sim that the indicator was telling me that I was on the 4G network. I have been on this network all day and it has not dropped bars and has remained a steady 4G so I am thrilled about that. The HSPA+ service definitely works and the connections are extremely fast. No issues in that department.Email SetupI had a little difficulty setting up my email addresses on the phone. I tried fruitlessly when I first turned the phone on to activate my yahoo accounts and the server kept stating that it was not available and could not process my request. I gave up for a few hours and tried again and it did connect. If email is important to you, it may be a slight headache to activate but will run smoothly when it's actually configured. I found that I needed to set up a gmail account in order to use the Marketplace. While it is not necessary to have a gmail account to access the OS upon first turning the phone on (like the G1), you should take into account that to use this feature you will have to create an account. I still have not synced my student email to the phone because it's asking for features I do not have (domain). In comparison the Blackberry 9700 allowed me to sync my school account with no issues and never asked for a domain. I just input the email address and password and off I went. This is a slight annoyance but not the end of the world.MessagingMessaging is pretty standard here. The setup and the color scheme makes it enticing to look at and operates beautifully. There are two keyboards on the phone: Swype and Samsung. I am not much on swyping because I kept making mistakes and that is slightly agitating. I changed the keyboard to Samsung standard and my headache of texting went away!Call LevelI found that there were no issues on the calls that I placed. I heard no static, the calls didn't drop and that's all one could ask for. This phone does support WiFi calls. I made a few calls on WiFi and also found no issues in the quality.BluetoothIt took me less than a minute to sync my Bluetooth with this phone. The phone found the device in about five seconds, found the password OTA and entered it for me and then connected. I was shocked at how fast and effortless it was.BrowserThe internet browser is really decent. I was able to go to every site that I attempted with no issues. This phone has adobe flash embedded in the browser so therefore you are able to view video's within various websites without the video's being attached to YouTube which is really nice.Battery LifeThe battery life on this phone is excellent, as far as I can tell. I charged the phone completely when I received it without turning it on to ensure that I did not destroy my battery power before I even got started. I don't know if that's a myth, but I charged first just in case it wasn't.Overall this is a nice device and definitely worth the amount of money it's listed for. I have been looking at and reviewing the specs for weeks now and I am glad that I made this choice. I would recommend this to anyone on the Tmobile network but I cannot definitively say that this works on other GSM carriers because I was not able to test other carriers. Minus the battery charger, the back cover, and email issues I give this device a 4.5/5.0!**Edit June 27, 2011**This phone has a really nice, crisp, vibrant display but one problem I have found is when sitting outside in the sunlight you almost cannot see what's on the screen. For this inconvenience I am dropping this review down to a 4.0. What is the point of having a mobile device if you cannot see the screen outside which is the primary purpose of a portable phone?Another issue I have stumbled on is that the ringtone does not always ring. There are times when I have notifications when I turn the screen on but I did not hear the tone go off. For this to be fixed you have to turn the phone off and back on. I don't know if that was just my device but that has annoyed me a little. The ringtones are also a little lower than I would like.I have been enjoying this device, but there are some issues one cannot overlook just because I like the phone. I still recommend it however if these issues are enough to agitate you then I would find something else.**Edit June 29, 2011**I never reviewed the video and music player because I had not tried them at the time of the original review. I typically don't use my phone other than for what it's intended for because I have a Zune HD which is music and video ad I like to keep media seperate from my phone because of the battery power usage however I wanted to see what else this phone could do. I have .avi movies on my computer so I decided to sync some to the phone to see what the quality really looked like. I was blown away at how crisp the screen was! When listening to the movies through earphones you have the ability to listen in 5.1 surround sound and it sounds like you are in the movie theater. I really enjoyed this feature. The mp3 player was delightful as well. I listened to an entire 12 song album and viewed a 1 hour 50 minute movie on this phone without being plugged to the charger and my battery never dropped power bars. I am thrilled with the battery life in this respect and that the media on the phone does not drain it. Very nice experience!**Edit July 5, 2011**I took a mini trip for the 4th of July to an area in my state that normally has decent coverage on T-Mobile's network. I ran into a lot of problems with this phone when I got into this area because the phone is provisioned for HSPA+ and this area is Edge/3G, more Edge than 3G. When I tried to use my phone I continuously got dropped calls or my calls would not complete and I am not going to get started on the net service out there. Because of the phone constantly looking for a 4G connection it sucked my battery down rather quickly and my phone just wasn't working. I am glad that this was just a getaway and not where I live, however, it is imperative that if you are considering this phone that you go to [...]and check the coverage very carefully because if you are not in a 4G area there is a great chance that you will assume that the phone bites when in actuality it's the coverage, not the phone. I am not too sure about the AT&T; customers and how they may fare with this issue because I do not have an AT&T; sim, but I would send my advice their way also. Check the coverage at AT&T; if you have that service because your sim will be hitting their cell sites.**Edit July 9, 2011**  Wireless TetheringI know this is a lot of updates, but I am still finding new options on this phone. So, I was in the Android Marketplace wanting to find a tethering service for this phone because my Blackberry 9700 had a tethering service named Tether and it was great and useful while I was at work. I found the same app in the marketplace and attempted to download it. Much to my annoyance and dismay it was not easy to set up. I had to download something called Samsung New PC Suite which allowed you to install the device on the computer and sync music and video's to the phone. While playing around with my settings I found that I was able to plug my phone into the computer with the PC Suite, activate tethering on the phone, and connect to the internet! I was not on my wifi at the time and I was confused because my pages were still loading on my computer. I did not have to download any 3rd party tethering program (and pay for it) because this phone has a built in tethering program and no, I did not have to pay extra for that feature on the phone. Here are the steps to activating the wireless feature:1. Download Samsung New PC Suite (preferrably an updated version) and install the program.2. Plug the phone into the computer and wait for the drivers to install, in which case you should receive the popup in the bottom right tray that says that everything installed and you should be able to use the phone.3. On your phone, hit the backspace key if you have a screen giving you three options which are for the Kies Firmware Update, Mass Storage, etc. After you hit the backspace key you should be back to the main screen on your phone.4. Hit "Applications" and scroll over to "Settings".  Click on "Settings".5. Tap "Wireless and Network", then tap "Tethering".6. You should have a "USB tethering" option. Tap this option so that a checkmark is in the box. In your task bar at the top of the phone, you should see tethering enabled. You can hit the house to go back to the main screen on the phone.7. If your computer is Windows 7 and configured like mines you should see a little mini computer in the task bar next to the time. This will tell you that the connection is active. If it has a yellow bar next to it give it a few moments to connect to the internet. At this point you can surf the web! No extra money to put out, no gimmick, just internet.I am super glad that I was able to figure this out because I downloaded a trial and did not pay for the app but once I figured out how to get the app installed on the computer I was going to pay for the full app which was, like, $32 dollars. That's a lot to pay for a feature you already have for free, in my opinion. If you run into any issues trying to install this then there are support forums that will walk you through the issues. I cannot say that this is the same process on Vista or before because all of my pc's have been updated to 7. As far as AT&T; I cannot say if they allow this connection because I also have no AT&T; access but it is definitely worth a try. I think that this is a great feature and I thank Samsung for caring enough to add this, and for Tmobile not blocking my connection, because it's a lifesaver when not around a connection or a hotspot but have school work or something that must get done.**Edit July 24, 2011** Seidio Innocell 3000 mAh BatteryOn the 1620 mAh battery that comes with the phone I was ultimately able to squeeze out 11 hours of usage, from 9:45 a.m to 8:00 p.m, on heavy use. The problem I ran into was that I actually leave my job at 10 p.m, sometimes a smidgen later, and I was not thrilled with having a dead phone to go home with. With that, I chose to get the Seidio Innocell 3000 mAh battery from amazon. I received this battery on Friday afternoon. Charged it from 7:30 p.m to 2:00 a.m Saturday morning. I used this phone from 2:00 a.m until 4:00 a.m Sunday and my phone was still at 4%. This is after over 3 hours of conversation, non-stop messaging, Facebook messages and status updates, internet, YouTube video's for 30 minutes, gaming and using the OI Shopping app when I got off work at midnight and picked up a few things for Sunday dinner at Wal-Mart. Calculate the time: From 2:00 a.m Saturday til 4:00 a.m Sunday I did not touch my charger. I took my charger to work with me just in case and never pulled it out of my purse. That is 26 straight hours of power, and then some because when I went to bed at 4 a.m my phone was at 4% and I could not kill the battery and trust me I did everything I could to kill it because I am still conditioning the battery and wanted to charge it from slam dead. However, I gave in and charged it at 4%. There is no telling how long that battery truly lasts beyond 4% because I had to give up and go to bed and I needed a working phone later in the day and did not want to chance standby and a dead phone when I woke up 8 hours later. Nonetheless, this is an accessory that is really necessary if you are like me and enjoy having the phone all day! This battery is $56.00 here on amazon.com and it's worth every penny! (I did a more detailed review on the battery page and like the phone journey I will be updating that review as I get more of an understanding of what it will be doing over time, especially next weekend when I am done conditioning it.)**Edit August 14, 2011**Less than 2 months after getting this phone it has begun to freeze on me and shut off in the middle of the calls. The dialer is forcing close as well. This was my main issue with the G1 when I had it a few years ago. It forced closed so many times that I was forced to get another phone. I have not found the reason for the freezing and shut off but it has disconnected my calls at least three times this week and re-booted as well as the calls will mysteriously drop with full signal. I am not going to throw in the towel just yet. I will do a little googling and see if maybe this phone is due for an update but if this issue is not fixed soon I will be forced to get another device, which I really do not want to do at this point. For these new issues, I am going to drop this to a three star rating and raise it back to four if I can fix it.**Edit Auguest 17, 2011** Roots and Mobile Access Points, Oh My!Okay, a few days ago I have been having issues with my phone cutting off in the middle of conversations and dropping calls on full 4G signal strength. I went through my settings and realized that I was a "Super User". Now, I know that having a "rooted" phone does not mean that it will cause the phone to power cycle or drop connection, however, ever since I "unrooted" this device I have not had any additional issues with it powering off or dropping calls. For those who don't understand what rooting is, this is a process very similar to taking over administrative rights to your computer, only it's taking over ownership of your phone which allows you to download and install third party applications. The phones from this dealer are rooted and unlocked, so that's something to consider if you start having issues similar to what I experienced.I also just found out that this phone is a wireless access point, which allows you to wirelessly share your data connection through the phone company with up to five additional wireless devices. I tried this last night with my Zune HD and my laptop and it works beautifully. To enable this feature:1. Go to Settings2. Go to Wireless and Network3. Go to Mobile AP (3rd Option)4. Select Mobile AP (1st Option; option will not be active if battery dips below a certain point)5. Activate Wifi on the device you want to use and look for the network, usually named "Android" with some numbers after the name.I cannot definitively say that this actually work for carriers other than Tmobile, because I have no other sim cards to test, but it's always worth a shot! Remember that Mobile AP is a hotspot but that it also uses your data so make sure you have unlimited if you plan on using this option a lot. Tmobile has no more than 5GB of data, which is rumored to be unlimited but I don't know because I am somewhat midway through the month and I have used over 2GB of data, so we will see at the end of the month if it is, indeed, unlimited.

this phone rocks, blows away the 3g only iphones and tmobiles plans are economical for the unlimited service...one thing i don't like is with the case installed the on/off/wakeup button is hard to press sometimes. other than that, i would definitely recommend.

This phone is not even worth a star. Just 2 months after the phone was ordered, I get an error message, " Network not registered" and just stops working. This is ridiculous. Please do not order this phone. I always ordered from Amazon, and this particular deal, really disappointed me..

I thank you very much good job now I enjoy  my phone I hope  I will  find much more than that I appreciate  that  Have a  blessing day

I HAD TO RETURN IT

A definite winner. Stylish, elegant unexpected quality for its price. This is a must see/buy if you're fashion conscious but even more so is the pleasant sensation from touch, screen presentation and loud and clear speakers. I would buy this phone again i.e before they one-up their technology.

Got this phone to use with Solavei.  Works very well with the Solavei plan I got from &#34;More Than Cell Service&#34;.

The phone is frigil and the experience was poor to be frank.Very different from the locked model.Can't recommend to anyone.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. The reception is weak.I have had the sim card replaced and it didn't help. I lose about 30% of my calls. I have to use a land line half of the time to retrieve my voice messages. Now the screen is flickering all the time. I have never been disappointed with any product from Samsung before, but this is one to avoid. I should mention that I live in a major city so the signal is not an issue.I see many people with different phones with the same provider able to use their phone when I am not. I have had it checked out by TMobile, and it is working fine. It's just a poor product.

Seller(PHONE MAX) should have mentioned that IMEI number of this phone(Samsung T959 Galaxy S Vibrant 4G Unlocked) was modified from original. IMEI number of this phone was all zeros. My T-mobile sim card would not work on this phone, so took it to T-mobile store. They checked IMEI number and showed me that its all zeros. They told me that this will not work with any sim card. They told me that may be phone was stolen and someone had changed IMEI number so now its blocked by t-mobile network.Phone looked new to me so not sure why someone would change IMEI number on new phone and set it to all zeros.I paid $149.99 to PHONE MAX to receive a product(Samsung T959 Galaxy S Vibrant 4G Unlocked) that was wrongfully altered. In any case, seller(PHONE MAX) failed to mention this and would not buy from them again anything ever.

The Samsung Galaxy S T959,best buy yet. I bought a Iphone 3g about a month ago, and right now it's in a drawer, But now i have the Samsung T959 Galaxy S and I just love it...it had all the apps included, didn't have to buy any like the Iphone have, the samsung came completely new, and the screen large enough for me to read my e-mails, gps, etc...I am definitely delighted with my new cell phone...

The Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant is a beautiful, thin easy to use Android mobile phone. The phone uses the Android OS. Other features include a 5MP camera, front-facing camera for video calls and IM, video recording and more.This phone is light and easy to hold, and I've used it for video calls with my kids back in the US. The WiFi connection is fast and stable, making it easy to surf the web and view websites.I have enjoyed customizing my new Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant with Android apps. There are apps for everything from productivity to weather and shopping.The only negative I've found is the touch screen is a finger print magnet, and the body of the phone is a little bit slippery. Some reviewers seem to have had trouble with the GPS capability of this phone, but I have found the GPS to be very accurate in my own case.

Product is Tempered with or counterfeit. It is currently not working and can never be repaired. it is unfair to charge all these money for something that is fake. I ought to get a refund

this phone is not att compatible because of the limited frequencies it uses. nice phone other than that. Good for T mobile

This phone freezes,ALL the time. I have to take the battery out constantly in order to unfreeze it. The battery life is HORRIBLE. Sometimes when I click on the internet or my messages the phone will automatically go back. I have to keep clicking on them, and my phone keeps going back. It is so frustrating. Sometimes the phone will lose service, and not tell me. So I could be missing calls, but I wouldn't know. I  have to restart it, in order to get my service back. Do NOT buy this phone. I would rather have my older flip phone than a smart phone this bad.

Considering the offer the deal is OK.But the fact that it's become a great deal is that GPS on this device is almost not working.Should've mentioned that.

Just received the phone this afternoon and while updating contacts the phone went blank and unable to turn on again. Must be refurnished phone instead of new

I have the Verizon counterpart to this for work, so I knew it would be a great product.  Purchased this for my wife.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the phone.  720p HD screen, Gorilla glass keeps the screen from breaking and scratching, easy to use.  Some features are better than the Verizon model, some are worse.  Like this one does not have a LED flash for the camera; not a big deal, but the flash is a nice feature on the i500 (of course, the flash can also wash out faces and lights are usually on, so it's an even smaller deal).  Unlike the Verizon model, you can pick one background to remain constant over screens (instead of spread-out over multiple screens).  Also, this one allows the Samsung keyboard (which I find works better for typing) and allows alphabetical sorting of the apps.  It also has a better battery, a 1650mAh than my Verizon model.

This is my first smart phone and was really amazed on how much it can do.I use T mobile no contract plan and it works great.  Thinking of getting the monthly plan so I can use it whenI go overseas.

The only thing that was wrong with this phone it doesn't have a built in flash.  So you have to have good background light or the pictures will come out dark.

This phone was not unlocked. It is a t-Mobile phone that I paid US$50 to unlock and it still doesn't work in Jamaica. I need my money back. I cant use it. It was advertised as unlocked.

Phone worked well for a couple of months and the honey moon phase was over. I''ve had the phone for over six months and I can say that is NOT a good phone. The phone froze so many times I have to pull out the battery to get it started again. Sometimes I could not make calls because the key pads froze. Transferring data to the sims card was terrible. Sometimes the phone went back to the home page when I attempted to make a call. There were more problems that I could bear. So I traded in  the phone and dropped my carrier.

The only thing I wasn't satisfied with was the fact that the battery was no good. The cell would shut off on it's own even on a fully charged battery. The phone itself looks brand new. I notified the seller of the problem and he responded back to me very quickly.He stated that he would reimburse me for the price I had to pay to purchase a new battery. The seller is also going to give me a memory card for my inconvenience. Even though I had a slight problem with my phone, I would still consider purchasing from this company again.

I've been a loyal tmobile customer for as long as I can remember and I'm a huge fan of the android line. Prior to this phone, I've owned the G1, the MyTouch (several versions), and the G2. This phone is definitely more refined. It has a great user interface, a nice sleek and clean look, and what would be very user friendly if it wasn't for a few painful setbacks. The memory on the phone does not clear itself so you are forced to restart the phone quite often in order to gain access to many features. the camera (photo and video), youtube videos, media players, almost none of your media will simply not work and display an error message until you restart your phone. This can be quite annoying. One of the luxuries of having a smart phone is to be able to simply whip it out anywhere during conversation to show someone something or to capture a moment. We live in a fast paced environment nowadays and this phone simply cant keep up with that. The fact there is no flash on the phone is also a huge setback for me, as I enjoyed that feature on previous models.

The sales page shows an image of a T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S 4g Vibrant cell phone.  I have seen a real T-Mobile 4g Vibrant, and its performance on their network.  A real 4g Vibrant averages 10Mbps down, over 6Mbps up.This piece of crap -- a hacked (rooted) international version of the Samsung Galaxy S 3g Vibrant -- only communicates at EDGE (2g) speeds on both T-Mobile and AT&T; networks.  I wasted my hard earned money to buy this crap, and the purchase of monthly 4G SIM service from both T-Mobile (my carrier) and AT&T; (wanting to not admit I was ripped off).DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.

Actually I live in Venezuela, and in March this year I bought this phone and send me to delivery company. Two weeks ago I was in Miami and tried to buy a phone line (Chip) to the T-Mobile company and they check the computer informed me that this Cellphone is reported as stolen. unfortunately I could not use the phone within the U.S. I want to know if you can help me to solve this situation ?

it is okay for now but not really satisfied because the phone is sometimes frozen while trying to make a call.

Phone is a great quality and the screen  clarity is amazing.  Wonderful surprise to have "Avatar" on the memory card and to see it on my screen. Even the sound is good.Once I learn all the features I will enjoy it more. Have to adapt to these new progressive phones and data. Larger view screen than the I Phone actually.

I love my new phone - it does everything I wanted it too and more. I use AT&T Go Phone plan and it hooked up to the network without a problem (this was not true of another unlocked Samsung phone that I ordered a few years ago). Camera quality is excellent. Screen is a nice size without the phone being too big to stick in a pocket. Buy one today!

That is the worse phone I ever have I regret buying that phone i can't download every time I try to download is a problem I am so post off  please  stop selling this phone its no good  you have to charge this phone every two hours when I try making a call as soon as you dial the number the phone would go blank and you can't see anything it so so annoying  .

I have been 1 month using this phone. So far, this device is awesome. It's light and thin. Good camera quality. Long battery life. If you buy this device and use this one, you will definitly like this one.

I get it.. not all phones work properly, just like how not all computers work properly either, but this phone crashed way more than my iPhone 3G which I had previously before this. My father and I got our phones for $50 during a promotion by T-Mobile. I took a few days to get used to an Android device and my father LOVES his phone. He never has problems with his, or at least none that he even mentions.Here are some positives on this device:1) It is actually quite fast despite the fact that it crashes often. Scrolling pages of applications has never been smoother and opening certain apps is usually instant.2) Focus on camera makes pictures look very nice.3) Very light phone.Here are cons:1) The biggest problem with this phone is that if you go to a place that doesn't have any network, and then leave the area to a place that DOES have network, the phone would not reconnect to get any signal. You won't receive phone calls or texts. It was funny how I thought for an entire two days why no one called or texted me, and it turns out because this phone lost network unless I restarted the phone, which I did eventually (not even on purpose). Then, I was bombarded with texts and missed calls from like 18 hours ago.2) This phone force closes the simplest things when 4G is on. For example, when I turn on 4G (even with or without 4G) and go to view text messages, it would force close it. If you click on "Messaging", it would show you your texts with people, first loading their phone numbers then replacing the numbers with their contact names, then closes immediately. It would do this a minimum of 8-10 times before the messages window would actually stay open. 4G or WiFi on would force close my music player occasionally, and would force close the "Phone" section so I can't even make calls unless it stops. Doing anything with 4G or Wifi on would cause the phone to freeze randomly with weird key characters displayed directly on the screen and then take ages to power off and finally turn back on.3) Camera is slow. I like the fact that it focuses on objects, but the camera takes so long to take pictures that I would miss the moment I want to capture. There is also no flash which is unfortunate, because I generally go out at night and can't take pictures.4) No official way to actually do screenshots. I could be wrong, but I have been trying to find the hotkeys to screenshot on this phone but I can't find one. Holding certain buttons don't work so I'm forced to download an app just to screenshot.5) Like another reviewer said, this phone does not listen to its settings. I would uncheck automatic brightness and sometimes, it would randomly adjust brightness on its own despite the fact that I disabled it.6) The default keyboard is kind of annoying. Every time I type, it "ends.ui.like.tis" because I either hit the period key more often that space bar, hit the "keyboard settings" (the little gear) key, or the "Voice Input" (microphone) key. I always miss the letter I want by one key and this keyboard gets me so mad.7) It would fail to send my text messages too often and suddenly. For example, usually if you type over the maximum amount of characters of the text, it would continue the message on a separate text message. For this phone, if you send over the maximum amount of characters, it would refuse to send the text. If I use any symbols like the Degrees symbol or the Cents symbol, it would not send the text either. It also would send text messages but claims it "failed" but people told me I sent the text numerous times.I guess for this phone, it truly is fast in most cases, but it crashes so often even on its OWN built-in "Default" applications. I tried deleting all other downloaded apps, and even reset the phone, but it still has the same problems. The battery life of this phone is also so and so, not so great.

Lots of functionality, great product,easy on the wallet with new cheaper plans.

Having been frustrated by Apple's antics, like its locked proprietary features and the hassle of going through iTunes with a credit card simply to look at things, let alone the lack of drag and drop of files, I saw Google's Android platform as a deliverer. A friend suggested that I get Samsung's Galaxy S 4G and I did so in June 2011 hoping that I would also be able to do Skype video calls. What a disappointment. That phone, saddled with Android 2.2 Froyo could only do video one-sided calls. The other person could see you but you couldn't see them as the front camera does not work on Skype calls with Froyo. I contacted Samsung about a whispered upgrade to Android 2.3 that enables two-way Skype calls but their Support Dept. coldly replied on Nov. 13: "Samsung Telecommunications America [is] unable to speculate when/if a software revision with this feature might be available due to the fact that this might lead to inaccurate information and confusion." So much for manufacturer's service. Furthermore, while the iPhone allowed you to text or type emails in dozens of languages, the Galaxy only offers six, whereas Google offers dozens too. Next, the Galaxy is loaded with junk software such as Double Twist and Layar that, even if you paid for the phone and you are legally the owner, you simply cannot uninstall them, unless you root the phone, something that may cause problems. Other things are annoying too. Even if you set the Brightness at Full, suddenly the phone darkens as it sets itself to a lower brightness. Also the Voice/Text to Speech comes on without reason and other minor changes happen that you did not trigger. Sadly, the best thing about this phone is its Amoled display.Update Nov. 20: At last Samsung published the upgrade to Gingerbread OS 2.3.Thank God!

this phone had come up on T-Mobile's block list and cannot be used ..... had to return immediately . it was on the block list for reason of fraud 9 stolen , not being paid on/ not returned)

This camera does not come with an SD card and the camera has no flash. It's ok so far but why they even bother making cameras without flashes is beyond me. I have T-Mobile and I got this because I am not eligible for an upgrade for a while. It worked as soon as I put my sim card in with no problems. It seems to have problems doing a lot at once.

It has all the features I need. In no time, I will down load all the applications and will write more after I use it.

I have never had a phone with such a nice big touch screen yet still pretty light. This phone features touch sensitive buttons on the front that are great because they dont wear down like the previous google G1. Camera is excellent, Nice headphone jack on the top, And these phone come able to be used as a internet wifi access point. Its all around a great phone with the same great android operating system

The phone seems to be good so far.  I question though if the main switch will not get worn out of over use, since it is used for turning ON and OFF both the phone and the screen.  I miss the little circular switch at the bottom that turns the screen ON and OFF on other models.Other than that, I paid extra of second day delivery, but I received the phone 6 days later. The vendor should refund me the extra shipping charge

i bought this phone just in May and now it is history. it has never worked right for me.i had to innititate a return policy, but decided to keep it because i thought the problem was due to the fact that i use Simple Mobile. Because of the problems the phone was having, i did everything i could to preserve it till i could afford another one. I even bought a second battery, a car charger and a charger just for the second battery. Despite all of these, the phone finally crashed a week ago.I took it to a technician and was told the phone was a refurbished phone. He said the phone could not be fixed because its mother board seemed to have been replaced with items from another phone or so. i saw it myself. the inside was rusted, crusted with some stuff and the longevity meter was completely RED. How can a 4-m0nth old phone depreciate this much in so short a time.Folks beware of these online phones.they look glossy on the outside, but damaged in the inside.  This was my first so called Smart Phone, and i did take good care of it. I have never dropped in on the foor or in water!!!Can someone tell me if any of these online stores give warranties on their phones?

Deliver was slow; however, there was more than was advertised. Item was sold as use but I could see no signs of use. Within my limited ablilities the phone works fine.

The Samsung Galaxy S is a great phone. It is the first model of it, but its still great. I rooted mine and upgraded to ICS with a mod. Works wonderfully. Its smooth, looks great, has a excellent screen and camera. It does everything I need it to, and didn't cost that much as the newer phones do.

I bought this phone from Costco for $30 on T Mobile. The phone itself works fine but the GPS is terrible.  Most of the time it doesn't work at all and when it does it tends to stop working in the middle of a trip.  Also, it cannot play Netflix without constantly searching for the signal and the voice control is worthless.  On top of that the WIFI doesn't work either.  It keeps searching and then disables the WIFI. And the worst thing it does is the battery life sucks. If you plan to use this phone frequently, buy at least one extra battery.  Overall giving this phone 2 stars is generous.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  I am returning it tomorrow for the Galaxy 2S.  I hope it is better because if not I will be stuck with a 2 year contract with another lousy phone.Follow up.  I got the Galaxy S2 and it is sooooo much better.  It is much faster, has more memory, has a better camera etc.  This phone I recommend very highly.

This phone is pretty as a postcard and it can be fun but it has too many flaws. Now if you live in an area with rampant 4g you might be okay. However if you are in a location with any reduced coverage the phone is horrible. Seriously bad.It can't register at times and is a major fail in areas were 4G isn't the best. I found a few users on the t-mobile site with the exact same issue so it wasn't just me.  It will hold 4G till the cows come home, meaning when you have absolutely no 4g signal, then it searchs/finds another network and disconnects your call. With three bars of signal I could not to make calls. Not registering on the network is a problem. Usually means a bad sim. This was not the case and as a former tech for AT&T; I know how to troubleshoot these types of issues. If you call customer care they will give you this valuable tip, "Powercycle the phone". Rebooting may or may not work. I removed the sim and put it in an older phone and it works good. A sim either registers or doesn't on the network. It can get hung up during activation but that is generally not the case.And BTW waiting 24 hours is foolhardy no matter how many times the Salesperson/customer care rep tells you thats what you need to do. I allows give the person on the line a complimentary AT&T; dial tone if I hear the 24hours nonsense and call a real tech. I have done it on Sprint, AT&T;, and T-mobile and nearly every time the phone was completely functional before I completed the call. Normally if a system like that is failing orders back up fast and so do the phone lines. Because retail folks can't stand to lose a sale and they immediately call and so do online customers.  Customer care / Retail / Business sales ....call their support staff and wait on hold just like you do. If it was a real problem and you'd be on the line 1-2 hours before you ever get a rep on the line and thats only if the overloaded IVR doesn't randomly dump your call.Wifi will grab a network and hold it the same way as 4g. I could walk from one end of the house to the other and still be connected to the wifi on the other side of my house at 1 bar while standing in front of my other router. I'm not browsing on the web or anything just standing in front of the router holding the phone. I can turn the phone off and back on and it will connect to the weaker signal. That is not good. I have not seen any device do that before.For the camera function there is no flash. Not sure why. Probably because the device eats batteries so fast they didn't want any additional battery draining hardware running. It does take decent pics as far as I could tell.I didn't tether the device but I read another users account. I did use the music player and it seemed okay. I thought it lacked some features but played okay for me. Was plenty loud on speaker and good on the headphones. I also connect it through a cassette deck in my car and it was okay. Browsing was pretty good on wifi but I didn't notice this phone making my wifi connection look slow as they claim.My software/firmware was current on the phone. I used the kindle app and so did my wife. Worked great. I installed netflix but after not being able to make calls for three days I returned the phone before testing that.The bottom line is the phone is good for $57.95 but not $200-400. It actually made calls about the same as the 8 year old prepaid phone the tmobile guy let me use to test before I switched to them. Then he let me use a real phone because I told him it didn't work and I was going to pass on tmobile. I took the phones back. I have not really had good luck with samsung. They are the only phones that failed for me in a problematic way. I went against my judgement and listened to the sales person. I did some research and it seems the previous 3G devices had random shutdown and other problems. And I could see similar issues on my devices. Most devices didn't start failing for a few months.There are alot of people out there that will tell you you need to reboot daily, or powercycle the device often, or perform constant updates. What that really says is that the building, testing, and quality control is in your hands and that the device wasn't ready for prime time. I have an old palm pilot and I can't recall rebooting that device more than two or three times in five years. Rebooted more often with my 2 other Android Phones because I am rooting and installing things I probably shouldn't, that access the file structure easier.Putting the power button on the side of the phone wasn't well thought out. This phone is light and sleek, your reading an email, and your index finger naturally sits were the power button is. I found myself constantly turning the screen black and at first I thought the battery was dead. Then I would have to drag the puzzle piece or slide to unlock. Very annoying. The slide to unlock was awkward and seemed to not work that great. Sometimes I would have to try a couple times,  or with both hands, to access the menu/screen/application. This was not user error. It just didn't work well. Maybe the sensitivity could have been adjusted but I couldn't find the setting though. I have a 4G Evo and a HTC G2 and they are much smoother with screen unlock functions.I really liked this device initially. If it could have performed moderately well I would have been pleased and might have kept at least one. It couldn't perform it's number one function as a phone with any consistency and that was not good. The sad thing is I bought cases for them on ebay, because I wanted to protect the device, and have no use for them now.

The phone has a large screen, quick response time, and the resolution is great.  Very good phone for the price.

Right cell phone for me.  Great value, and I like the size, and features are more than I expected.  Condition of phone was like new.  Would highly recommend.

I am enjoying this phone. you cant tell its not brand new because it looks perfect!!! I've used it a while now and had no trouble at all with it. Very good price. Thank goodness I don't have to sign another contract.

the phone looked new when i got it then one month  down the lane the screen is starting to freeze in a was that you cant even answer the phone.it has started peeling of like a refurblished phone and the return window has expired.dont know what to do.please advise if its still have manufactures warranty coz it need some fix.

The phone was great but when I got it the wifi wont turn on and wont pick up local wifi signals

Going from a vibrant 3g to this so called 4g galaxy was a huge let down.  First off this 4g  galaxy has NO usable internal memory, I miss the 13gigs of internal memory.  NO amoled screen, NO scratch resistant glass.

After a few months of having the phone in my possession. I decided to write a review, the phone itself is very slim, and portable. When comparing the the galaxy 4g with the newest iTouch. The galaxy 4g is way lighter than the iTouch. In my opinion its a very important factor because it isn't heavy or bulky in my pocket. Sometimes I have even check my pockets to make sure it's there that's how light it is.**  Battery Life**The phone comes included with a 1650 mah battery a usb cable and the usb adapter for wall charging. A full charge takes usually about 1hr to 1hr 30 min, and it last me about 1 1/2 day to 2 full days. Normally I use the phone to check my email several times throughout the day, surf the web, send an average of 6 calls per day and several texts.** LCD ***One of the good things about the phone is it's LCD. It  has 4in screen it appears to be better than the iPhone's screen. It's bright and full of color, ideal to watch movies in HD.**Camera**The phone came with a GB microsd card meaning you can store thousand's of pictures. The galaxy has a 5mp camera for decent photographs but it lacks a flash. So when taking pictures at night I suggest you stand near a light post so enough light is provided.** Internet***Internet is super fast on T mobile's 4g network. You can also surf the web using any WiFi network without worrying of going over your data plan limit. When connected to a network the phone also has a feature for Wifi calling, so you might not have service for but WiFi calling will use the network to produce the call. Beware that WiFi calling uses your minutes in your plan.*** Call Quality***Having this phone for nearly a 9 month period and not a single dropped call. Love this phone I've had several friends complain on how their iPhone has too many dropped calls but my galaxy 4g hasn't. I can hear the person on the other end nice and clear.The only defect with this phone is it lacks a flash that is why i decided to give it a 4 stars and not 5. Nowadays who carries a camera with them? Most phone's have them.

The T959 Galagy S Vibrant is not a true 4g phone like the product description says. What was sent to me did not function on the The T-mobile or Solavei network in 4g, it only functions in 2g, the company that sold it to me offered a refund, but they never send the label for return and i dont know an address to return it  I do not recommend the Galaxy line for compatibility issues.

like it.if i dont like it then why i should order this phone. its awsome phone.happy happy happy happy yappy.

I don't normally write reviews of products, but this phone was so bad I decided I couldn't just let it slide. If you're reading reviews, check the dates on them. This phone probably was awesome a while ago, but I would say it's aged quite a bit since release. Before I dig into what's wrong with this phone, if you want a phone to make calls with, do some messaging, and run an app or two, this phone *might* be ok for you, but if you want a phone that runs smoothly and is more up to date, get something else.I know, you're thinking, "Great. I've spent hours checking phone reviews and someone always has something negative to say about the phone I want." That's how I felt as I was looking for a phone. After reading a ton of reviews, I decided to get this phone and it was a constant frustration. It comes with Android version 2.1.x (note - some might ship with 2.2), and while that works for most apps, there are a few apps that require 2.2. For me, those apps were Instagram, DoubleTwist, and MLB TV. I'm sure there are more than that, and there will probably be more in the future. Sure, you can upgrade to 2.2, but the upgrade application (Keis) is iffy (from what I read) and can brick your phone. I never used it.I did root the phone and try a variety of ROMs, but it was all meh. Rooting the phone is not difficult, but you do have to wade through quite a bit of information and out of date forums with broken links - or maybe you get lucky and get the right info right away who knows. If you're not super geeky like me, it might be kinda tricky. The battery life was terrible to start with and seemed even worse with custom ROMs. To be fair, from personal experience, the T989's battery life is not much better. I didn't do any kind of side-by-side tests of the T959 and T989 but I'm used to my iPad battery lasting forever with 3G on. Not so with either of these phones. However, the processor/speed difference between these phones is immense. Also, the GPS on this phone didn't work, whereas everything works great on the T989. I never saw any reviews for this phone that mentioned the GPS doesn't work, but after I got it and did some research, it seems quite a few of these phones have GPS problems.The default OS on the phone is fine and runs fairly smoothly, which is why I say if you don't want to do anything fancy, this phone might work for you. However, I like to tinker and I spent way too much time trying to get the phone to just work. Maybe there is a good custom ROM out there that runs smoothly and has all the features and isn't buggy, but unless you feel like learning all the information necessary to root your phone and install custom ROMs on it, you might want something else. I must have gotten a phone that doesn't allow you to go into recovery mode, so I had to work around that, which made rooting/custom ROM installing even more difficult. If you do get this phone, I'd recommend writing down what date you can return it by, because you very well might want to make use of that option.

very good telephone easy to manage and clear screamgood size as well and this one was unlocked so you can use it as well on holidays abroad

bought this for nephew he love it easy to use, small light and fit easily in pocket, it a great phone for the price.

This is the 3G version because the Model number is T959. The 4G version is Model T959V for T-mobile.From Wikipedia. Samsung Vibrant (SGH-T959) T-Mobile 3G network. Samsung Galaxy S 4G (SGH-T959V) for their 4G (HSPA+) network.

Its a new device (4g) with minimum support from Samsung, also its very hard to get support from Android forums on the net.the Galaxsy S i9000 is better in the support issue.I have this device, cannot use it. I have lots of broblem that cannot be fix right now. I need to wait for more support becouse lots of poepole dont know how to deal with the 4g type of device.my recomment its just wait with your porchase or buy the 3g device.

The phone battery just drains out I have to buy a spare battery if not it hardly lasts /there is no way to knowwhenmissed caller there no light or notification comes sodo not know when missed all is there have to check call logs to find missed calls .the other issue is I cannot make some calls which I use often to call long distance calls with acces numbers it does not go through.wanted to return back but have not yet might have to buy an other phone and give this to someone in cheaper price.

Not what I expected. Freezes often which is very inconvenient. Phone shuts down for no reason... Very Disappointed with this model of Samsung.

It is slow and it locks up and it drops call and some times it has no signal and reboots

I've had several flip phones, a slide out keyboard phone and an Iphone 3 and this is by far the WORST phone I have ever had. It takes like 6 hours to charge and the battery life lasts like an hour. Once you have had it for a year it will start to force you to get out of apps after 15 minutes and sometimes it will just randomly black out and won't turn on until you take the battery out and back in. DO NOT GET IT!

There were scratches on the phone and the battery did not work properly so i had to buy a new one.

I'm very happy with my Galaxy S . I don't miss my iphone at all. It's fast and I use it with a $40 Simple Mobile plan,  and I get everything unlimited . And what's great is that I can take it anywhere in the world. All I do is just change my SIM to the country SIM.

The phone is NOT fully unlocked and some service are not working. The GPS is not able to do the fix, after several attempt I send it back to Samsung to repair it. I got it back without many explanation but a call to the Service explain to me that the phone is locket with T-Mobile and the GPS unit is not going to work if T-mobile don't unlock it.

The phone painting has peeled off, Shuts off,  freeze and when it shows a full charge it really is not, The charge drops to the last bar.The camera has no flash. .I requested to send the phone back the two days later and received an email that the return has been rejected for return..I am FED up. I still need a new phone :-((((( very disappointed!

I just recieved this item in the mail. The item said " used LIKE NEW"This phone came cracked, chipped all over and i cant even see the screen, it is absolute terrible condition. I dont understand why any human wouldconsider this "like new" what a waste of 200+ dallors, its not even worth 10 dallors.

Ive had this phone for over 2 years and it still works great. I did have problems with it freezing in the beginning but I reset it to factory defaults and now it never freezes. The net is kinda slow if im not using wifi, but with wifi its lightening fast. Been dropped a couple times and ive never had a case for it but its allll goooood. So if you take care of your phones, this can last you a good while.

I'm very surprised that this phone is so slow, probably due to low hardware spec. It also locks up every time you switch between wifi and 4g T-mobile network. it is a known issue that cannot be resolved by t-mobile. I'm even more surprised that it's Samsung smartphone as my LG Optimus V works better than piece of junk. Very disappointed.

I like it, good price, handle, everything app inside smart phone.

yeah it was alright but i dought it because the box looks old and it took me  two weeks before i recieved it and the phone got something wrong which is not biggy because i only use phone to calll text emmail messages on social site and took some important photo .. but the only thing i dont like it is there some apps that  came out with it that it wont let u open it. and it also not gona let you send some photo's trough messages  i dont know why . i just dont like things get worst so i didnt bother to call them cos i had enough for keepin me wait for 3 weeks after purchasing the 3days -2 days shipp . and they refund it but still it took so long.. and  the phone sometimes  is too slow and sometimes getting freeze for doing multitasking like soicial site and music and txt messages.. so if iwer you dont expect too much ^^

I got this phone with US 1 Year Warranty and when I tried to file a claim it wasnt available . the phone is junk it freezes, it has echo when talking to someone, it wont let you call people at  times then at other times it calls them lots of times in a row. just a crappy phone very unsatisfied with product... want my warranty taking care of so I can return my phone and get my money back.....

If you need to return anything to this seller PLEASE TRACK YOUR PACKAGE. They will not work with you if you are being honest about returning a product to them. My account was charged $200! for a phone I know I returned. The reps made false promises to look for the the phone and then eventually just ignored my emails. They are unprofessional. STAY AWAY.

I have only had this phone for less than two months and it is already malfunctining on me. The messaging is wigging out!!! It has not been dropped, covered in a case, and not dropped in any water. There is no reason for the phone to freak out this way. I am unsatified with this and unpleased with the fact that the seller did not leave any contact information so that product may be exchanged. I am highly disappointed. 350.00 for a phone that is already screwing up!!!

the phone has a mind of its own. it clears the screen for you...it sometimes end calls. i believe if i were to be in an emergency, id probabably not be able to dial 911.

It's a little slow, freezes and has not front camera nor a screen shot feature.  Other than that, it's ok.

The phone itself is alright, but the app for Facebook doesn't work. Good battery life, good graphic quality, only issues is that some apps don't work.

I received the phone on before the estimated arrival time, and the phone itself was fine. But, once I looked into the box, I saw they just included the phone and the wall charger. They did not include a micro USB cable, a micro SD card and even the battery is not genuine! I was under the impression that this phone was new, sealed in box. The box mentions that the phone comes with a USB cable, a 16GB SD card with the movie Avatar on it, also some ear buds on it and I got none of these perks. I also brought a few smartphones before and the other sellers on Amazon included at least a 2GB SD card, a genuine battery, earbuds, and sometimes, screen protectors were also included. But with this seller (Ross Cellular) they included nothing but the phone and the wall charger.I contacted the sellers, and they said that the lower price compensates for the extra accessories, which I believe to be not true.

I love my cell phone, and  I think it was the best deal I ever had in buying a phone.

I have had this phone for about 3 weeks and I must say that I love this phone. This is my first Android phone and I love Android now. I have owned the iPhone and other phones such as Nokia and older verion Samsung phones. The internet is pretty fast and there are so many apps that are available and most of them for free. The screen and colors are bright and the phone is easy to use. This phone works pefectly fine on AT&T; nework. If you are switching from iPhone to the GalaxyS I definately recommend the switch!Cons: No flash on cameraBattery Life sucks(I will see if there is another battery available for this phone that lasts longer. I always have to charge my phone in the middle of the day depending on how often I use it).

Every other day now i have to take the battery out in order to reboot so it will work...it's getting on my nerve

I bought this phone for my daughter for her birthday and she loved it and is very happy with it.

I bought this phone to travel over seas for work with. I needed one I could easily change out the sim card for any country I am working in. About to go on a trip soon and I will write more about it after I get in country.

I Rated this purchase as 1 star first of all the product did not come with a charger and when I check they did not say it did not come without charger when it was advertise, the product advertise as unlock and I had to pay to unlock phone hence I would not recommend no one to purchase this product, it was far beyond what I was expected I was dissapointed.

The phone is new, unlocked, very light, works great ! I'm glad I ordered it.I am a very happy customer here.

good phone for the price. good battery. camera a bit weak, no flash and does not come with  factory charger or memory card

OK PHONE BUT LACKS ANTENNA STRONG ENOUGH TO GIVE FULL BARS.  ONCE YOU GO INSIDE, IT FAILS YOU REPEATEDLY WITH DROPPED CALLS ETC.

I have never regretted having this phone so far. Though I had the same setback of getting a used one instead of a brand New during the time of purchase. i was promised to get a $20 rebate but never came. Help me to have full confidence in you please.

Just as promised this unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 4G is great. Setup was easy with my new Straight-Talk (Tracfone) SIM card. I now have 4G speed on the Straight-Talk network. The phone I was going to buy from Walmart for the same price had a smaller 3.5 in screen, a slower 850Mhz processor & a lower resolution 3 M-pixel camera...yuck! This is a much nicer phone, calls sound good, Tunein radio plays streaming music great. Everything works like new!

I'm new to this kind of phone and I really like all the features. It's so convenient to check my messages, read my kindle books,and all the other things I couldn't do with my regular phone.It was a good bargain.

Hello,I'm a first time smart phone user and obviously the biggest question was to choose iphone or android...and which phone in Android.After thorough research of available options, my expectations and reading reviews about various phones & plans, I preferred to choose Android...with GSM Samsung Galaxy S phone.As a customer, I expect that I should be free (not bound by any contract), don't want too much and yet get everything I could get...Apple definitely does not qualify (even if I jailbreak) and Android is clear winner. Android allows to keep my options open. I could gift this phone to my family member outside US, if I wish to too.Being new to smart phone, it definitely takes sometime to understand smart phone. I'm still exploring my phone.Battery is ok. It runs out fast if using WiFi or GPS is ON or if screen is too bright. But I'm fine with charging my phone once a day. Still, wish if battery could last more longer.Many reviewers complain about not having LED flash light in the phone. But its fine with me because if I intend to take pictures, I'll use my camera over my cell phone, anytime...beside phone has a decent 5 mp inbuilt camera.And I definitely like the inbuilt widgets. Very smart.Overall recommend positive review about this phone...but it may take quite a while to understand how phone works.Best RegardsHitesh

Recived this phone. Works perfect. No problems. Have not yet checked the unlocked part as I plan to use internationally when I travel with other countries sim cards in the phone I. Works perfect with the prepaid tmob acct- $70/month for unlimited data, text, talk. Thats the best deal around. Buy an iphone and pay perhaps $120 or more for the same services (probably much more actally) or this. Pay for the phone in a few months. Insurder it for $58/yr with ensquared. DId an amazing amount of research and feel this is the best bang for the buck. The near $400 is tough upfront, but its the best investment youll make.  Have to admit comming from Itunes and iphone, Android is not as easy and more fiddly, but also more customizable. My previous tmobile pay as you go sim went right in and then I upgraded that acct to the all you can have acct online without talking to anyone. Very easy and quick, same number and all. Would recommend this phone and plan.

this phone has short battery, life it gets hot when talking on it , people complain that they hear a echo on the line when talking

Very Pleased with the phone, had the 3g version as well. Only complaint was, the microSD card wasnt in the box when received :(

i could only put like 5 apps cuz it has like 512mb internal memory so i sent it in for a refund and am gana get the samsung galexy s2 witch has 16gb internal memory

Having suffered Apple's monopolistic stranglehold on mobile devices, I was stuck with an iphone and an ipod, so I saw with relief the liberating announcement of Google's liberal Android platform that would enable me to get rid of the irritating itunes straightjacket by being able to simply drag and drop content. Thus I bought an Android mp3 player that works fine, and then I bought this phone from T-Mobile but soon my initial enthusiasm was dampened by the phone's inferior quality and Apple-like restrictions.The best thing about this phone is its bright screen but this phone has a mind of its own and, among other irritating things, although I set Brightness at maximum, NOT AT AUTOMATIC, it goes to Automatic and dims whenever it feels like it. This phone also overheats markedly after half an hour or so of usage. It also does other things on its own: useless programs pop up on their own and the worst is when the phone suddenly freezes at least once a day. To unfreeze you need to either turn it off or remove and re-install the battery. Contrary to other phones, like the Sony Ericsson, the alarm does not ring when the phone is off, so you have to keep it ON connected to power all night if you need to use a wake-up alarm. The phone has no hardware Home button, something that makes it difficult to answer the phone having to grope for the virtual button.Some of the programs that pop up on their own are not only pre-installed, but Samsung does not allow you to remove them. They are not only useless but also irritating. It seems counter-productive and unfair that you own a phone but you are not allowed to remove some of the unwanted garbage that, in addition to wasting your time by popping up, they waste memory space. The iphone that I did not like gave me the option of many keyboards including Greek, which I need for scholarly purposes. This Samsung phone offers only 5 European language keyboards and an Asian.I bought this phone thinking I would be able to make Skype video calls but that was not possible because it was equipped with the old Froyo Android software. The people at T-Mobile said Samsung would soon offer upgrading to Gingerbread that would solve the Skype video call problem. Nobody knew when the upgrade would take place; so much for T-Mobile and Samsung customer service. One day I saw on line that the upgrade was available and took me quite a while, owing to poor instructions, to finally raise this phone to standards long-enjoyed by iphone owners. Samsung has grown too much and too fast for its britches and as a result it ignores or cannot keep up with the increased demand for service.Bottom line: I am not going back to iphone and its oppressive proprietary restrictions; I will await the appearance of Google smartphones, following the acquisition of Motorola by Google, in the hope that such phones will be as well-performing as iphones and will include Google's extensive language capabilities as now available in Google News and other Google programs.

i like a phone that is not too wide for my hand. it has a better battery life than newer galaxy.

i am happy, it does what i want and  for my needs, no negatives,i usually use it for making international calls over internet that's my basic need and e mail, skype, fring.

This refurbished Samsung Galaxy S 4g Vibrant has pleased me in every way. It even came with the forward-facing camera which I was unclear about until I actually opened the box. The box was new, the packing was crisp, the phone was protected front and back with manufacturer decals and promotionally marked screen protector. The phone came with the USB charge/sync cable (24") and DC wall USB charger. Condish of the refurb phone was CHERRRYYY! Not a single sign of previous wear. It sincerely to me is a NEW PHONE. It is sleek, sexy, and light in the hand and functions like...it feels great to be a Samsung Galaxy S/Android convert. Ive never owned another smart phone that could compare. My brother has the iPhone 4 and it smokes it in so many ways. 1) Its way lighter and easier to handle. 2) I don't feel like the thing is gonna shatter if I drop it. My sis in law's iPhone fell from the pouch in the car door to the dirt driveway (maybe a little over 2 ft) the screen shattered. I don't feel like that's gonna happen with this phone but I wont be doing any tests to prove it. I have fully customized the Android platform on this phone to my liking and that makes my brother very jealous since he's stuck using the iPhone as-is. I didn't unroot this phone and have access to the thousand odd apps free on the Goofle Play market, in addition to the ones that came preinstalled on the phone. So, that makes me happy. The 5mp camera is beyond adequate for me and the forward facing cam (i think 5 mp too cant recall the specs of this cam) have made it pretty easy for me and my wife to video chat. The Super AMOLED display easily rivals the iPhone retina display. When the brightness of the screen Is turned up the layperson's eye can not detect the diff so to me this is really a no brainer. The colors (16 million) are sharp vibrant and rich. The video player has no problem that I have seen yet. The battery life definitely requires the 1650 milliamp (which it is advertised to ship with) as auto-sync and and other apps put the processor to the test but as long as the battery is charged you should get plenty of usable time. I have ordered the 1650 and am waiting delivery. Mine shipped with the 1500 and I generally get a solid day of use out of it with auto-sync turned off. My phone didn't ship with a hands-free package but luckily my brother gave me some iPhone ear buds that work perfectly. He's so jealous that he is pretty much sold on getting the Samsung Galaxy Note III. In  summary, Im happy with this item COMPLETELY and I recommend this phone to any basic smart phone user and I recommend Samsung product lines to anyone who wants a durable, innovative, ballsy handset/communipanion that will run tech circles around pretty much any brand on the market today. Sorry, Apple iPhone fanboys and fangirls, the crown is being stripped from thy head and it all started with the Samsung Galaxy S 4g Vibrant. Apple tried to sue Samsung over this phone for reasons that are slowly becoming obvious.

They advertise this phone as one of the best phone, however, this phone is far from being a good phone.  For once, it doesn't have any memory and I had to spend an extra $30 in memory.  Also, the new apps are not compatible with this phone.  Additionally, it starts very fast, but later it becomes really slow.  Some applications begun to malfunction all of the sudden and were forcing each other to close.  In the end, every application from calculator to texting were closing eventually.  It was a waste of my money and time.  You really shouldn't buy this phone.

I bought this phone because it came free and with a ton of bonus items from Costco.  I really like the phone, but am going to have to return it because there are too many glitches.1. When you hit the text message button the messages open, and then suddenly closes.  This happens several times before you can actually get to the text messaging screen.  I asked a friend with this phone and she said this happened to her and her husband.  They've had their phone a few weeks and I've had mine a few days.  So it sounds like an ongoing problem.  Also it takes a few minutes for the contacts' names to appear.  It will only show their number.  It shouldn't take that long.2. It freezes up often.  Too often for a new phone.3. In sending texts to two separate people today, the message kept saying message failed.  So I tried to resend it several times and my sister said she got 5 of the same texts from me.  But on my phone it still says message failed.  Usually it will tell you if it actually went through.  I'm still not sure if the text I sent to the other person went through or if they got several texts from me as well.  This is extremely frustrating and a waste of time.4. Also I'm not sure if this is an android thing I'm not used to but when I tried to send a text message to several people it sent the text message to some of the people's emails.  I know it links to your google contacts but if I'm sending a text and the person's number is in my phone then why would it send them an email?  And I couldn't tell until afterwards that it sent it via email.  Frustrating again.Other than those things I actually liked the screen size, the typing was very smooth and user friendly.  But these frustrations are too annoying for something I've only had two days now.  And from what I've read on forums tons of other people have these issues and there seems to be no solution so it's not worth keeping the phone.

It claimed a frontfacing camera and it didnt have it. And it seems to have a lot of little quirks.

Phone doesn't seem to be brand new. Has a few knicks in a couple of places. but overall a good buy.

There's a couple things that people purchasing this phone should know:1. Unless you want a used phone that may/may not work right, order from a seller listing it as "NEW".2. This phone was released in 2011. If you're moving to this phone from something a little more new, then expect that it won't run as fast. It only has a 1GHz processor and 512MB of RAM.3. It is a smartphone, so expect that the battery will run low fairly quickly if you have Bluetooth, GPS, Wi-Fi, and browse the web a lot.4. It will work with AT&T;, but it needs to be unlocked and you will only get 3G speeds... but only on the 1900 band. 850 areas will only get EDGE/2G speeds.I will give my full review of the phone when I receive it.

This phone absolutely sucks. The voice quality is horrible. Amazon's return policy does not allow exchanges beyond 30 days. I have had nothing but problems since I bought this phone. Don't buy this phone and don't buy phones from Amazon. Amazon is awesome for other products, not for phones.

This phone freezes and get hot and this was supposed to be a new. I have to pull the battery out to make it work.

you can take a&#65279; screenshot where the phone say that is connected to HSPA+ or HSPA network type. you have to go to settings, about phone, status, network type. and there tell you what network type you are connected. i have this phone and the only networks i have is GPRS, EDGE, UMTS, HSDPA. i wants to see if this phone is truly 4g.

Arrived early, new in the box w charger amd USB. Great price, easy to put my Tmobile Sim card into. Does need an sd card for photos I found one for less than $1

There's a lot to like about this phone, especially if, like me, it is your first android.The display is large and crisply bright (you can adjust level) and the options to personalize are fairly ample.It is a joy to use Swype (once I learned how) though there is also a keypad use option for text input. I am not a touch typist, so swiping over the words is much easier and quicker. It has a remarkably intuitive dictionary already, though it picks a lot of incorrect words- I attributed that to my fat fingers swiping.There are also a great many things I don't like, but put up with, because the price was right ($0).*Bloatware - not removable and if I don't use it, why wouldn't I want to put something I DO use in its place?*Display time outs - My display often locks and darkens when I am on a call where I end up needing the keypad. Its a pain to set my screen lock before every call. Unfortunately, I can only get back to a lighted screen by pushing the button that also hangs up the call.There are work arounds for this issue I found when I googled, but I think it needs to be easier than suggested.*Notifications - could be more customizable, I'm not able to choose vibration for texting but not calls, for example, it has to be 'always' or 'never'.*Failures - I get quite a few 'failed' results when texting. I always resend and it goes, though this may be a carrier issue more than phone. Although, my previous phone didn't have that problem

I bought this phone new for the same price as in the store and it came with some defects. I can't type the 's' and the 'i' together while i have the auto corrector in English; the screen freezes and i've waited for 10 mins for it to react but it doesn't react. Last week the screen froze while i tried to send a text message that said &#34;I'm sitting here&#34;. I tried turning it off but since it completly freezes for an infinite time, i took the battery out and the micro sdhc card got damaged. I had to buy a new one.Sometimes when i click on the messages icon, it automatically goes back to the homescreen. The screen freezes at least twice per day.

I decided to get the Infuse instead.  Dealer was great, no trouble returning and getting what I wanted. Use this vendor with confidence.

purchased the galaxy s 4g and could not be happier with it. beautiful 4" display vivid colors. touch screen has nice sensitivity and overall a quick phone.I would like to note that this is the 4g galaxy t959v and the listing is incorrect it is listed as t959 i know another reviewer thought that this was the original vibrant but i assure you the phone i received was infact the galaxy s 4g. the only complaints i have are the back is made of fairly flimsy plastic and it is pre loaded with a bunch of apps i will never use but cannot delete but as far as performance i rate this phone very highly i have owned blackberry, Motorola, lg, htc and iphone this is the best phone i have ever had ....i should note i had a first gen iphone which were a bit buggy. the samsung galaxy s 4g is an excellent phone buy one

I absolutely love the phone. Nothing else to say!The first one I received was defective, but the second one works just fine.The battery lasts not less than any android phone, so it was predictable that I'd have to recharge it every day, but for me that's not a problem. the phone is incredibly fast, I love the interface, and the 4g is really faster.

f*** all the little techie retards this phone is the s***. totally durable as hell, I've broken my screen and replaced it dropped it in the toilet and it still works. thrown it against walls, this thing is freakin awesome

Came very fast I love this phone a little slow but overall love it. I will buy again in the future.

I am with a no contract cell plan and did not want to spend $600 or more for an unlocked Galaxy S4. This model serves its purpose but it is an older model of course. Do not expect much. The battery life is terrible. No matter what brand you use. I do like the Samsung brand but the generic batteries are just as good. It seems to wear down fast even in stand bye mode. I use the phone a lot at work so I needed to buy extra chargers for the car and work so I can keep it charged when I use it. I would say battery life is its main weakness. The newer models advertise better battery life as expected. I do not have any extra apps on the phone. Just what the manufacturer put on it. I don't play games on the phone. I just call and text for work. If you are not able to charge the phone at work or it is to inconvenient to do so, then that would be a big problem for this model. I have to say buy something else. For my use, this model is ok. It is not so inconvenient that I have to return it. I will not recommend this product because of the battery life but the phone works satisfactorily other wise.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! I needed a new phone to replace one that had been stolen so this phone, being that it was unlocked and and priced well seemed to be a good fit. I received the phone and yes I will admit the screen on this thing is amazing! It lives up to it's name and displays a vivid and vibrant picture quality. With that being said, I believe that that is the only nice thing I have to say about this product. The problems started out as little quirky bugs that I assume almost every phone has. But then the problem escalated to applications needing to be forcefully closed, the screen not responding for a few minutes, freezing with just about every touch (exaggeration but what I mean is that the screen freezes so frequently it feels as though every application you tap on freezes instantaneously), a problem with my keyboard is that I will write something and not notice that there isn't anything being typed even though the area to type the message in has been tapped in order for me to begin typing my message. It just wont show up. To combat that problem I'd have to close out of my messaging app about three times in order to finally type my message. When I take pictures upright. They send/share as being sideways. Even when I rotate the picture it will still send/share sideways. There is no flash on this camera which hasn't really been much of a big deal to me, but to some it may. The camera does have great focus. This phone will turn off by itself. Randomly dim the screen (even when you aren't running low on battery) and will auto rotate your screen even if you didn't select the setting yourself (I find this bug in particular to be the most annoying) The internal storage on this phone was great for my usage and provided me the opportunity to explore as many apps as I pleased. Battery life is less than stellar. Heavy social networking usage leaves me with a dead battery unless I charge at some point throughout the day. And my messages have a tendency to not send at times.Now I write this review not to discredit the sellers who want to sell this product, but as a consumer who has a deep hatred for this phone. If you feel as though you can deal with all of the above, then please be my guest. But I WILL NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

the phone works very slowly, the battery was very wick, the charger was not charging the phone, ear phone was not good.

A little about myself: I used to work in technical support. Although that is not currently my profession, I am able to speak intelligently about technology. My experience with this product has been so negative that I thought others would benefit from my feedback.My decision to purchase this product was made after reading very favorable product reviews. My experience using this phone has not even come close to matching the expectations I had.This phone's single greatest downfall is the poor integration of the software that was written for it with the reasonably capable hardware that is the Galaxy S platform. The software is TERRIBLY buggy, requiring frequent reboots and causing individual applications to force close. The end result is a terrible user experience, especially when one needs the phone to "just work." Following are specific issues I have had with this phone. I have no reason to believe they are specific only to my individual unit; I believe they would be common to this entire product line:1) There is no FM radio. I suppose I could have found this out prior to purchasing the phone, but I expected that FM radio was part of the standard Android specification. Not so on this phone. Perhaps the carrier(s) wanted the consumer to use (and purchase) an internet radio application, along with the data that such use would require.2) GPS has rarely worked on this phone. I have tried many times to use Google Navigate with this phone with very little success. TeleNav is loaded on the phone but it is a paid app, and I refuse to use a paid app when there is a free app that works (or should work) just as well.3) Phone frequently hangs and becomes non-responsive, requiring me to remove the battery and reboot. This happens at random intervals, sometimes as frequently as once per day.4) Phone is filled with bloatware, which I suspect is a major part of the problem. Bloatware refers to programs the carrier or manufacturer wants to push on the end-user in hopes he or she will spend more money and increase profit margins. Often the bloatware is included to the detriment of basic usability.After such a terrible experience, I was ready to defect and purchase an iPhone, because at the end of the day, I need a phone that "just works." However, I recently learned that Google is selling its newest phone unlocked and without a contract (and without the horrible bloatware I described above). I will try the pure Google experience and for now will attribute the problems I described above to the horrible integration between manufacturer and carrier on the Android platform. I have ordered the Google Nexus and intend to update this review after I have some experience using it.

I purchased this item thinking that I was going to receive a phone that has all the functions of a phone. The phone looked good not many scratches but no one could hear me when I was talking.Obviously the phone was used and damaged but still sold. I happened to be the one buying a defected and not useful phone. I am very unhappy with this item!

This phone's RAM and memory management is VERY POOR.Even though it has 512MB RAM installed (per the Samsung spec), the applications would get only 329MB (i heard that the rest is reserved). In that 329MB, you will see only about 100 to 120 MB available for your applications to run - which is not enough; most of my applications crash.Also, you will have only about 350MB space for downloading apps into the phone's internal memory (Samsung spec says it has 1GB internal memory... i don't know where it is). you will not be able to download applications that cannot be downloaded into SD card once you hit this 350B limit.

The phone was good and ship very fast. No problems with the phone so far and I continue to enjoy the phone. Nice product and the customer service was excellent. They responded to my questions all most immediately.

THE BATTERY SYSTEM IS NOT STRONG AND HAD TO BE CHARGED TOO FREQUENTLY AFTER SHORT TALK TIME AND IT MAKES IT VERY FRUSTRATING

No issues with the phone...originally received the wrong back with the phone (it wasn't sealed as it was &#34;un-locked) but received the correct back within a few days. They were very helpful when they realized what happened. No complaints!

This phone worked for about three days and shut itself off. I sent it back for a refund. I went and bought me a real phone at T-Mobile.

She loves it really easy for her to use. It wasn't hard for her to figure out how it works.

This was my first smart phone. I bought this directly from T-Mobile, cost me over 500 bucks to buy a no-contract phone. After using it for couple months, I realized this Samsung Galaxy Vibrant is just a beginning of nightmare.The major problem is it has a "Extremely short" battery life! If I use wifi during the day or running couples of app, then there is not much battery life left for the phone call. Battery is almost drained in the late afternoon even if my battery is fully charged in the morning. (I later bought a second battery cuz I thought it was a battery problem, but still drained quickly using second one.)The second problem is that the phone freezes frequently. I cannot say this has something to do with too many apps I have installed on my phone, but recently I reset the phone to factory settings, and it still keeps freezing sometimes, it happens at even when I open original existing apps. When scrolling up and down in the list of my contacts, it freezes as well!The phone can only be officially upgraded to early version of android, I noticed this when I tried to download an app and it says my android system is not compatible to the app anymore.... (Done with this phone, where is my hammer?)Regardless of the vivid color of the screen and HD photos it can take, I put it away and had to consider it only as my portable music player....I hate to see the battery is almost drained after I only make a few short calls.Because of short battery life, I switched to use a regular non-smart phone, personally no need for smart phone.

This phone have no flash for camera and it does not keep the battery charged for very long, it goes dead quickly and takes a long time to charge.

I already had a phone just like this one that I had bought on a service contract. I really like the sound that I can use as an excellent MP3 player that will fit in my shirt pocket ans is so loud my neighbors can hear it. That is the overview on why I wanted another one. My first was getting close to 3 years old and showing some wear and the charging port was screwed up so I had to use a battery charger and keep a couple of extra batteries for the old one.NOW, the new one constantly drops connection before people can even answer. Never had that problem with the old one. The number pad will not work calling the auto answering machines that tell you what number to push. The phone sucks but all the other features work OK.I guess I just bought another loud MP3 player because the phone sucks.

Not happy with the phone, can't get settings to stay saved the way I want them to be. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I bought the Samsung T959 Galaxy S Vibrant 4G in December 2011 and as of Feb 2012 (2 months later), the vibration option would not work. I first thought that maybe that I must have disabled it since I was still getting used to the funtionality of this android, but after becoming more familiar with the phone I realized that the vibration no longer worked.  Additionally, the privacy option no longer functions on this cellphone.  I had selected the option that only showed my mobile # only to people who were in my contact list, but that function also stopped working around the same time the vibration option stopped working.  Sometimes the emails won't send, but I'm not sure if that is an issue with Tmobile's internet service or if it's possibly another problem with my Samsung T959 Galaxy Vibrant 4G.  I contacted the seller to check on the warranty and he indicated that any returns or exchanges were only valid for 1 month with his company directly and if I was having problems I would have to contact Samsung directly.  Tmobile also refused to honor servicing my device since I had not purchased the cellphone in their stores, but the cellphone was clearly a Tmobile device.  I, unfortunately, had to send in my cellphone to Samsung in TX a few days ago and I have now had to go back to using my 3yr old Samsung Blackjack that in no way compares to my new android.  Overall I'm happy with the things I am able to do with this device and it almost is like having my own personal office inside my cellphone, but this experience is making my life very hard and I can't understand why this issue has happened within a few months of purchasing this device.

would be a lot better if it didn't have the T-Mobile junk on it, and was able to upgrade to the newest os system

The phone just has too many gliches - freezing, apps opening then closing, txt & calls not going through, social media not updating.

I purchased a new phone and received a refurbished BROKE phone that did not work at all the screen was completely black. What a waste of time and money.

im being too nice this doesn't even deserve a one star the phone was nice but mine was defective so i went to T-mobile and got a better phone then this pos, got my money back and will never buy a phone from this seller

This phones is not unlocked, I live in honduras and I am having problems because it is not unlocked, this phones is exclussively for T-mobile, it wont work with all carries, so becarefull whith that.I bought it from an amazon market place: addcited to phones.

I absolutely love my phone. I have always been a blackberry person and was not sure how I would do without my beloved apps. I had no problem. The phone is a pleasure to use. I particularly like the kindle app. I immediately bought a one year bible which I endeavour to read every day. The seller provided excellent customer service when contacted. I would recommend the phone and seller to my friends.

I am very please with the Samsung T959 Galaxy with Android OS, it is more versital than I expected. I like the fact that I can load my own personal documents and pictures from my computer and view them on my phone, it is with out a doubt the most versital phone I have every owned.Additionally, the AA+Seller shipped promptly; my order was for standard shipping and the seller shipped it Priority Mail.Though the cell phone lacks a photo flash, that is minor compared with all the extra features. Two weeks earlier I had  bought a Samsung Focus SGH i917 phone with Windows 7 OS, what a let down, and futher research on Windows 8 was no better, Microsoft wanted to control your personal items. When typing a "text message" in the landscape position, my right hand little finger would accidently touch the "Send" button which is located immediately next the letter "L" on the key pad; I would send out a text message with part of a word or sentence, very frustrating.Another thing that I appreciated about Android OS is the transfer of documents etc. between my laptop and the cell phone via USB cable; I can see exactly what folder/files were stored on my phones' memory card. With Windows 7 & 8 OS, you have to use Microsoft's "Zune" and if you read through the fine print, they basically have access to any and all personal data stored on your phone and possible your laptop computer. However, this is also simular to "Think Free Office" document reader on this cell phone. I recommend that you select "Later" button every time your document is loaded, thus avoiding "Activate now" button; your documents will load just fine.Battery power drain can be reduced by going to "Settings", "Sound", "Vibrate" , and selecting "Never",  this extends considerably the battery life between chargings. Additionally, turn off the "WiFi" calling feature when not needed.darrel of Texas

This is the worst phone I ever owned; it should be taken off the market. It kept locking up, the screen would black out at times that I had to power off to reactivate service to receive messages and calls. I missed a lot of calls and received messages late r didn't receive them at all.  In this day and age, my life is too busy to constantly worry whether I missed some calls or powering off the phone to reactivate service. This is not a smartphone, it is a stupidphone!

This was not worth the $400 I spent. I bought it in December 2011 and it stopped working that very same month. Around 2 weeks after I had received it. Also I was chipped from the sides. This was une piece de merde. Not worth the freaken money I spent and they refused to give me a refund

The phone was unlocked, I purchased it to a friend's girlfriend and she loves it, it is a nice phone, works really great!

The Item did not meet my expectations. When I started using the phone, the maximum calls I could make was 3 and the battery will die. I emailed the supplier and he sent me a new battery for free yet the problem still exist. The Item is nothing good to talk about but the supplier is one of the best to deal with.

This was a gift. Everything works perfectly, though I wish a warranty was available with this purchase. I saved over one hundred buying through this site. Seller highly recommended.

With all the bells and whistles you will need. Nice screen size & not heavy.New enough that you can get a variety of cases for it on Amazon.It operates on that 1700 cell band frequency you need to use all of Tmobiles features on 4G network.Without that, your phone only runs on 2G. Decent battery life.

I am going to start college pretty soon and a brand new phone was on the top of my Things-To-Get list. So i bought this phone. At first, I was so excited to get this phone and when I received it, it was pretty great! Then I started to realize that when I make calls, it doesnt seem to show up it my call log. I tried to change the settings, but the settings were normal. As any teenager would, I tried to download apps to my phone. This phone didnt have the app to download any so I just tried to log into my google account and download apps with my google play. It said that my phone was compatible with downloading apps, but it just wouldnt download. So I just settled with no apps on my phone and tried to go on youtube and the internet, but it kept on saying there was no wifi connection. That was pretty odd because I have wifi in my house and I also have internet on my t-mobile plan. So this phone is really not what I wanted it to be!

It's a great phone.. I love it.. There is one thing wrong with it, it keeps freezing and I have to restart up my phone.. Not sure if it's the phone or this custom texting app I have either way I love this phone!! This is one happy customer!! :)

This product is awesome and is not difficult to use. Even though the battery get heated up after in long use i guess it's ok. I recommend to first time iphone users.

The product is very good.I have bought two products. One was missing the battery.The battery charge is only for one day, even if you manage well its usage.

I bought this phone because it was thin and light and had a nice display. I was replacing an HTC HD2 because WinMo 6.5 was no longer being supported.I should have done more research because I didn't realize the Samsung was going to lack features I had become accustomed too.I keep my phone on silent and sitting on my desk while at work. if I'm away from my desk and return, my HTC would have a little LED light that would blink to inform me I had a message or missed call on my phone. This Samsung doesn't have that.I often take pictures indoors and the HTC had a brilliant flash; the Samsung doesn't have a flash and the night mode doesn't compensate for the lack of one.I want a thin phone because I keep it in my pocket and I don't want any bulge, so I don't put the phone in a case. The chrome bezel on the Samsung is cheap plastic and already looks terrible. I don't know what coating HTC uses but the HD2 still looks new.I have a car that supports reading text messages from your phone. This feature requires that the phone has bluetooth Message Access Profile (MAP). The Samsung is lacking this profile.This phone also come with pre-installed apps that are alway running in the background. One of them (I suspect it's Doubletwist) interferes with the bluetooth connection in my car and frequently causes the connection to drop.I have since given the Samsung away and put Android on the HD2.

overall phone is great. but as manyb have commented it is very hard to hear callers voice with volume turned to maximum and even when set to HOH setting. For this reason am sending it back.the seller is awesome and nice so far.delivery was punctual.

I am so disappointed in this phone.  My phone stated "no service" within the first month.  I brought it to T-Mobile who stated that the phone was defective.  This is the last time I am buying a phone off the internet.

Ordered a Samsung Galaxy S for $169. The phone looked new to me, and it looked better than the one on Amazon to be honest. I thought they sent me the wrong one. Also seemed still in original packaging that seemed not to have been opened. The screen still had the plastic protector on the front and back of the phone that were both shiny and crisp. The contrast and colors on the screen seemed too good for the price as well.Ordered the phone for delivery in the US and use on the Digicel network in Jamaica. Stuck in the sim card in Jamaica and it fired right up and was ringing and making calls in no time. I had to take it in to Digicel to get my data package set up, but it took the guy at the counter 5 mins and I was receiving emails and stuff. Great service and delivery.

The Phone was suppose New and Unlocked but it wasn't.  The back plate of the phone doesn't snap into position properly.  Was suppose to be a new phone.  But, the phone was reboxed and original items that were to come with a new phone were replaced with simular non samsung items.  Closer inspection of the phone showed that the phone appeared to be a refurbished phone.

Super seller! Super fast delivery, way ahead from the schedule. I received as described with normal scratches on it. Put a case in it,  problem solved. I just had this for a few days, but so far works so good. Not so familiar with smartphone but will update sometime in the near future.
