
I bought this for a friend and she tells me how great the phone is and how much she loves it. The price is very affordable.

This is an awesome phone...I originally bought it to replace another phone that I broke. and its a great phone. the touch screen is very responsive and the phone itself is lightweight. over all i would defiantly recomened it to somebody to buy.

i got this phone two days ago i like most of the features and functions of this phone, but the internet can not connect even in full 3g service.

I have at&T; and I had this model with them, but unfortunetley I dropped it pretty hard and broke it, but I love this phone, the features are great and I use the media player in the gym to listen to my music. I love that you can add memory to it. So on the tiny disc, I have my presentations, music and famiy pictures. It is great and easy to use. I lvoe that it is touch screen and it has a keyboard.BAD if the touch screen stops working you will not be able to text message, their is no way to write text messages AND send them without the touch screen. I have had several of these models and twice this has happen, but I do drop my phone quite a lot.  I have always had trouble with phones, but I do really enjoy this model.Love it fits in your pocket, not big.. fits very good in your hands..aand the features are great

I bought this phone back in 09, and Ive gotten other phones since then that I've dropped, or lost or what have you and this is always my back up and is always ready to go. Now the battery sucks but lg uses lithium ion so thats the only downfall. But Im purchasing another one because I use my phones hard and I need a new one and since my contract isnt up yet, having this phone until it is up and then for a back up is definantly my plan again. The flash on the camera is kinda rare. Which I like because it takes excellent photos! Sound quality for media and calls are clear! I definently recommend to someone who is looking for a good phone but doesnt wanna pay full price before your contract is up!

I've had this phone for a year and a half and its been a decent phone. Its a good messaging phone except that my thumbs sometimes fight for space along the top row of keys. It can freeze up on occasion so that I have to remove the battery and turn it back on to work. Picture taking is ok. The two-piece hard cover is crap. The front acrylic piece will break if you drop your phone leaving only the back piece for protection. I've replaced the front acrylic cover 3x now. Contacts will duplicate if you move them from memory to sim or reverse. It wont just fill in the holes or copy over. Currently this phone will start the social network whenever it wants or will simply power down at random.The ONLY reason I give this phone four stars is because Ive dropped it so many times it still works AND I even dropped it in a river once and it still works!!!

I had this phone for a little over a year and hated it.  The screen is a bit dim and hard to see in the sun light.  The touch screen is plastic (as opposed to glass like on an iPhone) and is not terribly responsive.  Frequently sounded weird on calls.  Mine quit working altogether after 14 months.

I've had this phone for approximately a month. In that brief period of time, I've decided to send it back and get a refund. Days after receiving the phone, I found a few things that I was not pleased with. For example, the battery life. I have to charge the phone every other day, which is ridiculous considering I don't use the phone too much. My previous phone could go roughly 3-5 days without needing to be charged. Another thing I wasn't to pleased with was the screen. Though it's nice having a touch screen, which by the way was easy to figure out, it tends to freeze up a lot. That, and the screen will randomly go blank, or sometimes turn red. While texting, I noticed it tends to lag a bit. All of these things are nothing major, but were enough to annoy me. Personally, I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

I really liked this phone when I got it. after a few days it started messing up really badly. I contacted the company from where it was purchased and they said send it back and we will issue you another one. Well because i didnt keep the original box it came in, I am not able to get a replacement phone. This phone is brand new and never been used, it last for a a few days and then it started messing up. I am upset that I cannot send it back and get another one just because I dont have the original box:(

I bought this as a gift for my daughter....she loves it!!  I can't go into details on the phone since I personally don't use it, but I have not heard of any complaints from her so far.

Bought this because my new Samsung Flight II was screwing up and I had one of these 2 years ago. great phone, and with AT&T anyways, you don't have to pay extra for Mobile Email(data rates still apply) like with some of these new phones. Takes great pics, and has a flash. May be "Old" but I like it.

I bought an LG GR500 in Jnuary this year and in less than six months the touch screen is not working.Now I cannot go into the menu to do anything even though it has a qwerty keyboard. I cannot read or send messages. I cannot use any application on the phone; it is completely useless now. Aside that,the battery life is also very bad i charge it everyday even though I am not constantly on the phone. I wish I could get my money back. I have to find money to buy another phone. Bad deal!!!

When I ordered this phone from Amazon.com, I couldn't wait to get it in the mail.  However, when I received it, it wasn't what I expected in a phone that I needed.  Nothing wrong with the phone except it didn't meet my expectations.

so....this phone totally sucks,after a week of having it i had to get it replaced because of it freezing alot.the replacement came and Ive had it for a month or two now and it drops my calls and is so slow and also freezes out of no where.If i were you i wouldn't purchase this phone,id go with a different brand.LG phones always seem to mest up so quickly

I have had this phone since June of 2009 and have had little trouble with it. I did buy it unlocked here off of Amazon, not sure of the company though. I have had occasional freezing from it, which is the only reson it didn't get a 5 star from me. I have read previous reviews of how it doesn't support internet even in 3G, or that the picture messaging does not work. I have used the web browser in normal service with only 2 bars before. While extremely slow, it does work, so I really don't know where the "not working in 3G" came from. Also, i have sent, and recieved Multi Media Messages (MMS) throughout my time of having this phone. The e-mail client and IM client also functions properly. Overall, this is a great phone and I highly reccommend it to anyone looking for a cheap, yet pleasing phone.

I just received this phone and I can only send text messages and talk on it thats it. Yes I will be sending it back ASAP

This product is really great and easy to use. It has a nice large screen with really easy touch screen use. keyboard buttons are large enough to make texting a breeze. Audio and speaker phone quality better than the average cell phone

I wanted a phone in which I could text easily and this phone does accomplish that.  This phone probably has more features than I would ever use but I wanted the Qwerty keyboard.Reason for 3 stars - it does freeze up and I have to remove the battery to rectify the situation.  While it is a manageable issue I still think it is unacceptable for a phone.  I will use this phone until it dies and then I will simply buy another model.

great phone for the money,,, if you are not into the high tech stuff and you dont use the internet/ facebook on your phone. then to me it is great...i bought it more for just the slide keyboard because it is so convenient. i hate touch screen texting so it is perfect for me...if you are into the high tech and expensive phones then you probably wont like this one....

This product was NOT worth it. Sure, it's a phone. And I'm gonna tell you, it works. But it's not a legit phone, most of the features are off, you can't permanently turn off the vibration when you touch the screen. I tried, but whenever I touch it sometimes, it's still there. I haven't even had this phone for a month and the plastic covering that borders the screen is already starting to peel itself off. I haven't even dropped this phone. It's honestly crap, the flash, it most of time makes the pictures turn out in a greenish shade. I had a 'real' LG Xenon before this one, and it was amazing. Sure it isn't the best phone around but it did what was expected and hardly ever made me upset. I dropped that phone over and over again constantly and then ended up dropping it for it's final drop and the screen broke. But this phone is horrible! Don't buy it. Save your money and buy another model. Not this one. (:

Got this as a replacement phone for my son.  He seems to really like the phone however the cable that cam with the phone is for data and charging on the laptop only.  Using my other charger right now, wish some companies would test there merchandise before it gets sent out.  Other than that issue the phone is great.  The company did make it right, they were unable to replace the charger so they gave me a partial refund.  I'm glad they offered something.  Would recommend!

I was so excited to get this phone, until i started using it.. Its great for texting, but I dont know if the one I got was defective or what because the phone would lose all of its charge and die EVERY time I made a phone call. I could completely charge the phone over night, once I took it off the charger to make a call it would literally die within 10 minutes of the call. Once it was "dead" I could turn it back on to text but as soon as I hit the dial button, it would instantly die. I sent it back and I havent heard back from amazon yet on as to if im actually going to get a refund for this crappy phone, well see. I would not recommend this phone to a friend.

Very good people to deal with, small glitch in my order and they fixed it right away. Will buy from them again

One day I was looking for things to put on my wish list when I clicked a link and this magnificent pice of machinery.It has every thing an average teenager would want in a phone, plus it is light weight and is pretty sweet looking.so if you have a teenager I highly recommend this product.MAN I REALY WANT THIS PHONE!I sure hope it is as good as I have described it because I have researched this phone and think it is a good buy.

The touch screen on this phone stopped working after 9 months.  I really liked everything about this phone, but it is useless now that the touch screen won't work.  When I searched this issue on the Internet, I found this is a very common problem with this phone.  I would not recommend this phone to any one.

I have been back and forth with the OEM shop for a MONTH after they sent me the wrong item .. and I still can NOT get in contact with them ..... I will never order with them again.

I HATE this phone, man! Yes, it LOOKS nice, but it's slow, really hard to use especially when texting, has no spell checker, and has a nearly unusable screen! I rarely ever dropped it, and the piece of crap broke. Please, never buy this. The phone sucks for many, MANY reasons, which I'll explain.Good: Nice designBad: EverythingThis is the WORST phone I've ever had! It looks nice and can make calls, but the features are drowned out by the phone's uselessness. Stay the hell away from this phone.

The description of this phone was "new". However when I received it there were dialed numbers and the phone had no signal. The vendor has no contact information so I had to do some heavy research to get a hold of them. After finding out that I could not return the phone I was left with a dead item. I bought this one to replace my old lg gr500 whose screen was bad. I took both phones to a local repair shop hoping that they could take parts of one to make the other work. When he opened up the "new" phone he found that it was missing the antennae. This means that the phone was not new and not even refurbished. I will not buy from them again

i am very satisified with the phone; i had an LG phone before so i'm familiar with the brand. it was as it was described

We just want to use the phone, texting functions and some picture taking. We also have AT&T Family Mapping (which allows us to locate the phone online), but use it rarely. This allows us to use that function once in awhile without paying for unlimited internet.

having been in a really bad wreck a week prior to ordering this phone to replace my previous LG Xenon, initially I was happy and excited. Upon receiving the phone and activation with ATT, everything was great... until my mom tried to send me a picture message. tried sending one to myself and got an error message. called ATT customer care and tried to see if there was a way to relock it to the network, nope. so I just spent over $100 on a crap phone with no warning about data issues concerning picture, audio, or video messages because its completely unlocked and no way to fix it back. thanks for the heads-up guys. Maybe you should actually include that in the description? Would save you bad ratings and angry customers. Just saying. Oh, and with this issue, I WILL NEVER purchase an unlocked device EVER again.

I love this phone. But frankly, I don't know what everyone is talking about this phone not being able to send/receive files in a picture message..I have at&t prepaid, and all my friends send me ringtones and pictures and such and the phone receives/saves them just fine.

I love everything about this phone. It's worth every dollar. I just hate that it won't let me send or receive pictures via text message.

i havent gotton the phone from amazon but from att. This phone is worth every penny. Its a very dependable phone. The only down fall is you cant take music and turn it in to your ring tone, but you can live with that. All the other stuff makes up for tht. Its a really light phone. Very nice ive torn mine to shreds and it still works but i might get a new one off of here! Oh yeah its not a smart phone to att so dnt worry. i only pay 10's a month for data.(unlimited) with unlimted messaging for family. so its a great buy!

If you are looking for a phone and by phone I mean "Hello how are you doing?" then this is the phone for you, but if you are looking for a multimedia/slash apps driven device then search for another phone.  This phone is great for text and has great call quality, I have also dropped it a couple of times and it is very durable even though it doesn't feel like it should be.

How dare you sell an item damaged? God! that is not professional, nethier is it likeable for a person to receive something damaged!Next time be careful with any single thing you gonna sell before you ship it!

I ordered this product because I thought I was getting the AT&T version of the phone (based on the picture). When I opened the package and the phone in the box looked nothing like the one in the display. When I put in my card the name fido popped up. It would work for calling and sms but mms and internet dosent work. So I instantly requested a return. I would recomened the product if your only going to use it for calling and sms or have Fido but I would not get it if you were planning on using it for mms or web

My son wanted a touch screen phone...decided to get one that also had a full keyboard that way he has option to use both if wanted...great choice on moms part!! he loves it

I got this phone about 3 or 4 years ago. It's great, easy and long lasting. Unfortunately the touch screen will eventually go out, which makes it almost impossible to use the phone as you need the touch screen to text & to do various other things.I finally broke down & decided to buy another phone since the touch screen was so annoying. I decided to get the same phone, but unfortunately AT&T; doesn't sell it anymore because it actually doesn't break within 5 months.The phone I purchased through Amazon appears to be the same model, but the back (the part where you slide off to get to the battery/SIM card) is different. It's made of very thin plastic that is very difficult to slide off, unlike the original. It also froze on me during the first week, but that's not really a big deal.Overall I am satisfied & I hope that this phone lasts me another 4 years.

The phone isn't a bad phone. It calls and texts and the keyboard is convenient. HOWEVER, when I'm on the phone, the ear speaker is fuzzy and hard to understand people. I decided I can live with this since it's just a temporary phone. I tried to get on the internet and nothing. Can't send/receive picture messages and sometimes the phone just randomly shuts off and freezes. It's quite irritating when I'm in a hurry to talk to someone or find something. Also, it had the previous owner's crap everywhere. Their contacts and messages and pictures were still on the damn phone! When I called AT&T to talk about fixing the internet situation, they said it wasn't even an AT&T phone so there was no way to get around it. I knew it was unlocked and AT&T / T-Mobile ready but I hadn't realized it was either service provider's phone. I kept seeing Fido pop up so I googled what that was and it's some other phone service provider so now I get no internet or media messages as long as I have this phone. It wouldn't be a bad phone if I could actually access everything it has!! You should really include this kinda stuff in the info.

I previously owned this phone and I was so excited to receive it again. I love all the features especially the option of having a call reject list

Back in Christmas '09 I got the Lg Xenon. It was a great phone, from the messaging to ringtones. The phone lasted a good six months, but then started experiencing problems like the screen would go black but you could see the backlight. Even though I dropped it a bunch, it proved durable. I think if you take care of it, such as not dropping it, leaving it out of the cold, and not wasting the battery, it will last. I ordered it again this Christmas because I missed it so much.

I was very impressed with the condition the phone was in for being used.  I would definitely recommend this seller to others.  And also shipped very quickly!

I was unsatisfied with my product because it was defective. After nearly ten emails, they agreed to refund me 10% of the purchase price, and did so quickly. However, I am now receiving 3-4 emails a week telling me how to remove my negative feedback. I will not remove it. This has been going on for a month now. I find their actions harassing, conniving and manipulative.

This phone was one of my favorite phones that i have ever had, and it broke. i have been through 2 phones since and i decided i wanted this phone again. I ordered this phone and it said it was new. i received the phone and it was not new the screen has a huge bubble in it, the connection from the screen to the keyboard is extremely weak and the battery is shot. it is not worth the hundred some dollars i paid for it. my advice, dont buy this item!! and its not even worth a one star rating but i couldnt submit this without putting a rating on itt!

Purchased from UnlockedCellPhoneKings fulfilled by Amazon; Phone is from AT&T. It quickly arrived in all new sealed AT&T box with battery and charger. Slipped in the SIM card from my broken LG GR500 and everything worked perfectly.

I purchased this phone for my daughter  but email/facebook application doesn't work on T-mobile network. Took the phone to T-mobile store and was told that I would have to pay $50.00 more to have the apps work.  Not worth paying additonal amount, return phone to amazon.

I have bought two of these phones so far.  While there is not a lot to it (talk, text, a couple game demos and an mp3 player), if you do not need a lot out of your phone, then this is a good match.  It has pretty decent battery life; I can usually go for a day or two without charging it (average 70-100 texts and 4 hours or so of mp3 player use per day).  It is also a very durable phone, which is surprising considering how small and light it is.  I work in a lumberyard, and I always have my phone on me.  The only thing I have found (so far) that will break this phone is getting run over with a 7000lb forklift.  Which is understandable. :)Overall a great phone for anyone who doesn't need a lot from their phone, especially if you need a durable phone.

First things first, THIS IS NOT A SMART PHONE. With that being said this phone really doesnt have anything special about it but its keyboard.It has a nice camera which you can edit pictures in, but because you are not able to send or receive files with photos/videos its kinda pointless. Good touch screen calibration, very responsive. Keyboard is simple and is big enough that you dont have your fingers press two buttons at once. Battery life is amazing as it can last a  week without dying, even after a year of use.However this phone does turn off on occasions randomly, or freezes. If it freezes you just have to put it on charger and it'll unlock.You can put music on this phone but you will need to buy other items to install the music.Another thing is that some At&t; stores give you this phone for free if your contract is expiring, so look for that.Overall this phone is good for texting and nothing else really. So if you cant get a smart phone for whatever reason this phone will do.

I just popped my sim card in (AT&T pay as you go)...and it worked perfectly! I can send/receive media messages! The OS styling is pretty organized and cool looking. It's perfect for texting because you can use the keyboard or the touch dial pad! I haven't had any problems with it so far.
