
When I bought this it said that it had the most up to date software. When I got it I could not download certain apps because it didn't have the most up to date software. I volunteer in Manaus Brasil and i need a jailbroke iPhone, but one that I can download all the apps.

I want to know something about the iphone 8gb that you are selling, is this used? In case it`s used, under what conditions is it? I also need to know of this cellphone works in CR, it must be 3g or GSM. THANK YOU, I WAIT FOR YOUR ANSWER.

BOUGHT AN BRAND NEW UNLOCKED IPHONE 3 FROM OEM FOR MY INTERNATIONAL TRIPS ...THE PHONE'S BACK BUTTON STOPPED WORKING A WEEK LATER DURING MY TRIP. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WHEN CONTACTED upon return DIDN'T EVEN BOTHER TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE ISSUE AS MY PURCHASE HAD BEEN MADE ABOUT 5 WEEKS AGO....SO BUYERS BEWARE....I HAVE  HAD ABOUT 25 TRANSACTIONS OVER AMAZON....BUT THIS TRANSACTION WITH  "OEM" REMINDED ME THAT THERE ARE BAD OPERATIONS OUT THERE......

yes this was a nice unlocked phone and works great i would do business with you again on one well have a good day

IPhone was not as described and the phone had various scratches and dents on the back. Very little description not very open about the condition of the iPhone.

Really appreciate the quality and shape of this item, all apps works perfectly and quality is five starts. I will definitely buy more from those guys, and I will!

I got this phone for my daughter when someone stole her phone and itouch and the carnival. I thought it would be a good compromise just to get one for both. NO. When  we got the phone it worked until it ran out of battery, which was about three minutes. When sent back the phone and the seller replaced it. the battery worked fine, but when my daughter tried to download any apps the phone wouldnt let her and a thing can up saying that her software was up to date but that was incorrect (4.1.2). she still has the phone because they seller would not let us send back the  phone. We are currently shopping for an iPhone 4s. for the money it is better than this do not get this product.

Less than 3 days after getting my phone, it crashed. It can't be fixed. I checked the serial number with Apple, and it has no warranty.Case and point, get it from the Apple store or the main online site.

hi allsorry for my bad english that i am not an americandon't ever hesitate to buy from this company , i got great iphone , when i saw the price of the phone i told myself i will get so so phone for this price but when i got the phone i was so happy that the phone is just like new and every thing working greatthis is the first time for me to use iphone coz all the time i was using NOKIA but the company helpped me so much to understand how to use this phone and every time i sent an email for them , they send  a replay with all the informations that i needso thank you not just for good phone but for been trustful copmany

I bought this from West Net Online,  i was sent three before i took the third one to apple and found out the cords they were sending out is junk. the phone itself is OLD. save yourself the misery and at least buy the 3GS model. this unit is too old to do anything much more than make calls, and text. Some apple apps are availible, but most are not.

Its a good iphone for being a used one. Barely no scratches on the screen at all. Only scratches it had was on the back of the iphone. It came on time just as promised, but one faulty. One of the speaker boxes on the bottom of the Iphone dont work. That's pretty much it still a reasonable buy for $130

Product worked fine initially,however, the Wi-fi capabilities deteriorated once I used the phone in Europe with my sim card.  Attempted to contact "My Crazy Phone"  customer service three times by e-mail but to no avail.  Would probably buy another phone but be cognizant that the customer service is not all that good.

Apple iPhone 3G 8GB Unlocked GSM (Purchased on 12/30/2011)by Apple I am very happy for my purchase from you. Thank you very much for you and your mycrazy phone. I received congratulations from the product and customer satisfaction because of that principle.

I got this phone to replace my Palm Treo. The iphone was a huge step up as the Palm Treo had been a huge step up from my old flip-phones. I was really pleased with the iphone, especially the fact that it is a fully functional ipod. Most of the dislikes were addressed by updates from Apple, especially the option to turn the phone and have larger letter keys while texting. It's been a really great phone for me, almost no complaints, except for the operating speed at some times, such as when on the internet. This is the biggest area that needs improvement. On the other hand, I am on the AT&T; network, and I very rarely had a call dropped. I have heard that others have, but not in my experience.So, I have had this for over 2 years now. When I got this, I got burned, because the very next month after I got this, the 3GS came out. I asked them for an upgrade or exchange, they laughed. Oh well. I was still in the "new toy" phase so I wasn't too mad. I let the 3GS go by, and I have also let the iphone 4 go by. I am eligible for an upgrade now, but I am determined to wait for the next model, iphone 5 or whatever they end up calling it. I'm not a hardcore Apple fanboy; this is only the second Apple product I have purchased, but I will say that the iphone is very cool, intuative, and user friendly, so I'll stay with it.

Is this Iphone unlocked? I'm a T-mobile customer but I'm looking for an unlocked cellphone, just in case I changenetwork or something,I'm really interested in Iphones so I'm looking for one at a good price of course, Like the other person said is this Iphone used? I'll be waiting for your answer, thank you!

They ship it really fast and I got it on time as promised. The phone works great and I didn't realize that it was not unlocked.It may be my mistake but I could not find any where in the description it was mentioned that the charger and headphone is not included. Later when I questioned the seller, he sent me a description where it was mentioned that the phone doesnot include those.I was dissapointed but could not have a lot to do about it.If you are planing to buy any thing from this buyer, please be very careful in reading between the lines.

I bought the Iphone 3G unlocked. My first complaint: it takes forever to turn on. Then the most important thing of it all: it doesn't connect to any WIFI net anywhere!!! Can you believe that?!?!?I bought my phone on a visit i made to the United States, and when the phone worked so bad, i contacted the seller to see if i could return it and get a refund (telling them that i needed a reply ASAP, because i was going back home) they replied asking if i wanted to get a replacement!!! Loosing so much time in between emails that i had to keep the stupid phone that doesn't work.DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THESE PEOPLE !!!!!THEIR PRODUCTS ARE FLAWED!!!!

No stars to give !!!!Never buy apple iphones from amazon, they are in worst condition, iPhone i got was so worn out..It deserved to be in Garbage no where else.It would be better if Amazon Honestly gives the description of condition of these unlocked phones as ebay does.Also list whether this unlocked or not.I returned this product and got one from ebay in much better condition at a lower price.

I went from an ordinary Nokia phone to the iphone 3GS (I know iphone 4 is available) but this was leap years ahead of my previous phones. The range of apps and gizmos just makes this a joy of a phone to have. It doesnt take long to get the full use from it. My reason for only giving it 4 stars is the life of its battery, which is very short to say the least.

Thank you I received in very good conditions my iPhone, the description said very good but is like new I'm really happy with the cellphone

Good afternoon, I came up the phone last month, since then I have had headaches, the phone does not catch any ship, not unlocked and I could not even enjoy the product, please want my dollar back and do not want another phone of this poor quality...

The item came when they said it would. Great phone for a preteen or teen. Had no issues until trying to update it. Did not know the phone would not take the new updates.

This phone is ready to make calls within 15 seconds from powering it on while my  Blackberry took over 3 minutes!!! I love the design and it's a  user friendly device! A+

I purchased this item it arrived on time but then my nightmare with this seller began. I sent this phone to a relative in another country as  a gift for the holidays. The phone did not work, neither did the charger. When calls were made nothing could be heard from either party. I contacted this seller and asked them for address( which they sent)  and phone number( which is required by FEDEX in my country ,before they can ship items out). I am still waiting almost  2 wks later for a  reply to my emails( i sent like 5). I am now almost $300 poorer and am stuck with a phone that can do nothing except take up space.The worst thing about this is that DROID MASTERZ did not respond to my email for the phone number for the item to be shipped out for returns ( by the way today was the last day for the return to be possible.This has been my worst experience shopping online. Would never recommend this to people intending to ship to their families to other countries.Definitely my worst experience . i WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THAT PEOPLE DO BUSINESS WITH DROID MASTERZ. Very poor customer service . Worst that poor service.

THAT'S TOO BAD!!! DAMAGE AND REFURBISHED IPHONE (WITHOUT PIECES AND OTHER INTERNAL PARTS), I LOOSE MY MONEY WITH YOU !... I DON'T HAVE WORDS TO DESCRIBE THAN ANGRY I'M ARE, BAD THAT PHONE IS SO FAR AWAY LIKE A GIFT TO MY DAUTHER... I BEGIN A CAMPAING TO SHOW THE PUBLIC THAT &#34;YOU LIKE AN ENTERPRISE PLAYS WITH PEOPLE AND OUR MONEY&#34;, I LOOSE 200 $ WITH YOU ... THAT'S TOO BAD...

The phone i received locked up and cant be fixed. Therefore i wasted my money on it. Cant return it cuz i didnt have an address to return it to. So as far as buying another phone from amazon it wont happen. I am completely dissatisfied.

i have went to the apple store to see what is wrong with the phone. When i try to link it to itunes it frozed saying connect to itunes. I did everything to change the screen but nothing helped. Also it wont shut down when i press the key to shut down the phone it just shut the screen and brings it back up! I got so Irritated i brought it to the Apple Store to see whats wrong with it! When they checked it they said that this phone was generic. when they open up the phone to see what was wrong with it they said there some "NOT" Apple parts in it thats why the Phone won't restore to its original set up. They also said that this phone was opened before and someone has messed with it before and replace the apple products inside the Iphone. So they can't restore my iphone. Waste of my MONEY! I am very disappionted! i bought this as a gift and i can't believe this would happen! i learned my lesson i am never going to buy another phone on AMAZON OR PUT GROUP USA!

This a great smartphone for any member of the household. Fast and efficient. If i had to i would get one for everyone that I knew. Much better than any other brand of phone.

I thought the phone was broken when I received it, but after contacting the store, they told me what I needed to do and it works just fine.  Received the items when promised.

They are a wonderful company to do business with. They try to solve any and all problems that you have. Excellent service.

I didnt recieve the first phone he sent, and he sent another one out.  It finally got here 2 days before Christmas, and then NOT EVEN a month after I got it the phone died and cant be fixed.  I think I should at least get a partial refund.  I spend my hard earned money to buy an expensive gift for my son and now NOTHING.  Definately not satisfied.

When I got the phone I was quite happy. The condition was -great- for a used phone, honestly it looks brand new. It worked great, no problems. Though on first use the battery was at 9% and it wouldn't charge and higher. I had to restart the phone multiple times before it would actually start charging (Don't know why?) After that it worked fine, now it's at 100% and I'm happy :D !I recommend this buyer if you plan on getting this iPhone. It's a good deal for the price ($150 I paid)

The send me a locked phone while I ordered I unlocked one. So I had to unlock it myself because I do not live in the States. Then the WIFI was not working(from the beginning). They told me send it back , we send you an unlocked one and a cover for the phone. Then I was waiting for the phone but then they said that they couldnot open the phone I had send back and they would not send another one before it was solved. I was waiting already so long, had paid much more than because of everything and it was  a present! They promissed then to send it; I just received it; no promissed cover, but yeah whatever, but  THE PHONE IS AGAIN LOCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So now I have to pay somebody again to unlock it! Rediculous

Phone worked great! Till my husband tried to update it. We did not know if you try to update it it locks you out and you can not use it then, Lesson learned.

i had this phone for not even a whole three days before it stopped working. the screen bricked up and the lock button stopped working. i could not get to the phone to work after this happened.

The description said factory unlocked well it is not updated so if I update software it locks to At&t .. I am a T Mobile user. Next it arrived with all attachments but no SIM card tray.  Really makes me not trust internet buys for electronics

Haven't got it but it looks cool for school and it lookes like a cool iPhone 3 but is it a phone will never now

They sell used and old one.be carefull guys,The  phone doesn't work.they said it is new,but when you unpack the package,nothing is new,nothing is work.this company is really bad and sucks.

recomiendo 100% buen producto de buena calidad y marca vendedor respondable producto entregado en la fecha correcta iphone 3g 8gb.

Amazing cellphone, I like this a lot... I can conect without problems with a plan & throught wifi. Excellent product. Thanks

this i phone wasnt what i expected i needed apn instead of vpn and now i can access internet or send pics phone wont stay charged and it really a bad product

excelente 100% recomendados el paquete llego en perfecto estado y en el tiempo establecido.el cell trabaja en perfecto estado muy contento gracias.

good device, good service, helpful people, when I brick the phone they helped to make it work again1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

These people sold me an IPhone 3G Unlocked according to them in "great" condition. The iPhone I got had cracks, camera didn't work (which they never listed on the description of the phone), bootleg headphones and a bootleg charger for the phone. I sent the phone back asking for a new one magically they were out of the iPhone 3G Unlocked. So, i got a refund. never again will i buy from them!

Hi,I received my iphone in Costa Rica yesterday.  It works, I can receive and make phone calls and send messages but I am not able to use iTunes or download applications from the store because there is a message that says that I need to change the software from iOS 4.2 to iOS 4.3.  Is this something easy to do?  Do I do it by myself?,  Do I have to send it back to you to be fixed?  Tell me, please.  I am really looking forward to being able to use my phone.Thanks a lot.

The phone was unlocked and works good, the only problem is that the battery low so often whether used or not, I have to charge the phone everyday even though I don't use Internet or text on it, only make and receive calls.

Bought this Iphone as a gift for a friend and he like it.Need an Iphone for a gift,U can purchase this and never regret U did.

IT SAID USED VERY GOOD CONDITION, BUT THE IPHONE WAS LITERLLY DESTROYED, THE BACKPART HAS 2 MAYOR CRACKS.... SHUOLD DESCRIBE AS IT IS

i've wanted an iphone for a long time and now i got one ad it sucks balls bro dont buy it!!!! FUCKK

The phone was not unlocked.  Fortunately, I returned it and I was given credit.  I ended up bying a phone somewhere else.

Phone looks good but it goes off network anytime and it takes more than an hour to connect. I turned off Wi-fi and turned on 3G but I am not enjoying my phone. If I turn it off then on it takes one n half hours to connect.

I had bought an Iphone about two months ago I liked it when I 1st got it then when I really started to get into it and adapted to it it froze up on my I did the Go phone option unlimited talk and text then wifi connection. I hopw this one doesnt freeze up its my 1st few days with it havent activated it yet but i would buy off the seller again included with the phone an unopened wall charger.

WiFi is not working on this phone. It cannot recognize the routers or hotspots. The box does not come with the sim insert key. We need to look for alternatives to insert the sim. camcorder app is not present in the phone.

The phone arrived on time and exactly as described.  The battery life isn't that great but hey, it's a used phone.  Everything works perfectly and I'm delighted with the phone!

I got this for it's SIM card option and was very happy to find one.  Fast shipping.  Thank you very much.  It is great.

I purchased this item back in October. It was working fine until recently when it started blacking out and turning off on it's own.

I order the phone for a friend and he likes the phone, he told me that it is in good condition her using T mobile and so far he hasn't had any problems with it. Before I bought the phone I contacted the seller with a few question seller was polite and responded every question I had, I even asked for pictures of the phone. All overall I am happy with the purchase and customer care I received :) I bought the phone from Gadjetguruhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B0063HOBLS/ref=dp_olp_used?ie=UTF8&m;=AWHC10WNKD8G6&condition;=used

1 week after i got it the speaker went out. so now i'm out monet for something i will have to put more money into to get it fixed.
