
ME ENCANTA ESTE PRODUCTO LLEGO EN EXCELENTES CONDICIONES Y GRACIAS POR AYUDARME A CONSEGUIRLO... RECOMENDADO 100% A TODOS AQUELLOS QUE QUIERAN ADQUIRIRLO.



Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera complies with the specifications described in the offer, complies with the expectations of the purchase

The phone I was given was NOT an unlocked GSM phone. It was a CDMA Verizon phone, not a GSM phone, with the original owner's phone number still programmed. Honestly, the phone itself is in good condition, but the purpose of me purchasing it was so that I could use it abroad with any international SIM card.

I ordered this phone for my daughter, expecting an unlocked phone. The phone I received was locked (Verizon wireless). Don't order this phone if  you want an unlocked phone. I am returning it.

Buy three teams which two I came to the top of the battery of another team, that is not served me touch me buy another, I get a team adional used, scratched and No I have worked to send an agent to view authorized blackberry If I fix it, I would not recommend this phone

I am not satisfied with the trackpad. It feels like the ring is loose and it rings each time I press it. The back of the phone also don't fit tight. Apart from these obvious defects it is ok.

LCd display  go out of use can not see  not a thing on it only  3 monuth of use can notn see any thing on it do not know why  it is like dat

The phone appear to be as described, no complaints yet I have only had it a few weeks. My major disappointment so far is that the battery appear to be used even though I ordered a new phone. The user manual had no descriptions of the phone and only gave basic instructions on features that are common to all phones. The order was delivered within the time indicated.

My wife liked the phone OK, however, the Micro USB connector of the charger was very flimsy, it would not even enter all the way into the phone.  Needless to say, after a while she had to connect multiple times, before the phone would charge.  Finally, no matter what she did the phone no longer accepted any charge, it was dead.  The phone has a two years warranty in the USA and Canada, and Amazon, being the company it is, replaced the phone without any argument to speak of.  Also, the replacement phone came without the special wall plug adapter the phone had, in order to fit our US wall outlets.  The replacement phone's Micro-USB of the charger fits much better, but no longer provides a USB connection to the desktop computer, as the previous one had.  We use T-Mobile, and I can send new contacts, from my desktop, to the phone with our Wi-Fi service, so this is not an issue.We hope the replacement phone performs better; we shall see as time goes by.

they told me the phone was unlock but wheni recive ir it was lock phone  so i returnd the phone because it can conect to the internet.since then  the have not return my money back to my card .

It doesn't work! I bought two of this phones and one of them freezes when I turn it on, and the other one had no more attempts to be unlocked because it was a verizon wireless phone. The two phones came in the same box and didn't brought all the the accesories. THEY CHEATED.

I am so disappointed cause I was told that the phone was unlocked and when I got it, it was locked.

I have forwarded the phone to whom I got it for, and he is very pleased with it, thank you!

THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED, IT IS LOCKED TO VERIZON. I HAD TO PAY $10 TO UNLOCK IT. DO NOT BUY

The product was defective, the repair cost me $ 54, according to the workshop's main menu key was repaired and old, buy a new product and I think I sold one rebuilt, but was served as a gift for my wife and could not use when you deliver, delivery time was too late and that motivated the courier company will also be delayed by the holiday season. Eventually I left disappointed by the wait and the extra expense I had to do, the destination was Venezuela and of course for me to return it is very difficult.

The cellphone is very bad, is not working properlyI don't  buy any more at BB 123i'M SORRYNOT MORE

the phone 10 days ago I arrived totally damaged restarts every time it reviewed several technical service and say it came factory damaged'm from Venezuela I would like to know how I keep from losing that $ 200 invested on this phone

I Ordered a Blackberry 9650 Bold and i really like that. Afterwards, I ordered one for my wife. Nice Phone.

This phone is not unlocked as was said to be. I tried multiple sim cards in it and none worked. I this phone was said to be Unlocked to work with ANY GSM Sim card in the world. Unfortunately it isn't so. I could be wrong about this so Amazon please correct this fault.Thank you!

I bought this phone last month and it works perfectly...Like normal blackberry's. I was skeptical about buying it online but it was great. The seller to choose is Wireovia.. They are prompt and answers you as soon as you want to query. Buying it from my seller you get a silicone case and a hard case :)

This product is very usefull by the price to pay. High quallity in a case. Just what I was looking for from blackberry.  My other phone was a 8220 pearl flip. This new device cumplies with more power than the old pearl

Ideal product, comes as shown in the pics and as described. Except for the battery life, this product is exactly the way a smart phone should be.

I recently purchased the blackberry 9650 since I made my purchase from amazon everything is developing well, the product arrived on time an in perfect condition with all accesories and works perfectly in my contry Venezuela: Recommended.

I am currently using my Blackberry 9650 Bold for mostly calls. The charge limit only last a day. Sometimes the charger is extremely hot and even the battery compartment on the phone gets a little hot.I am currently in Jamaica.Please advise what is the cause of this.

I love it! Like new and work great  also out of the USA! I would buy this phone again and again......

It's a good phone when you learn to understand it, It's my first time with touch screen phones, so it was weird at the begining but now it's fine.

THE PHONE IS NOT WORKING AT ALL ,EVEN WITH SIM CARDPNONE NOT ACTIVATEDPNONE IS DUMPPNONE SHOWS RED LIGHTPNONE GIVE NO SOUND

If you want a phone that lasts for a long time this is one option. Its very easy to fix when its bad.  Complians: The battery life is not so good. Bluetooth tends to not work.

El producto llego a venezuela en perfecto estado, fue exactamente como decia en la publicacion, estoy muy contento con mi compra, 100% eficiencia.

blackberry  9650 come new verizon i can make calls i get free internet i do not know how but i like it

Is the worst purchase I have made, the phone will not turn on, The phone comes internally burned, its a phone repowered. and now because of this I do not buy more phones on AMAZON

El telefono no es el mismo mostrado en la figura, quede super insatisfecha por la compra, lo peor fue que adquiri 2, deberian especificar para no seguir enga&ntilde;ando a los compradores, dicen que es nuevo y no lo es, las caracteristicas que presenta es de un celular reforzado, la caja no es de la marca del equipo y solo trae como accesorio el cargador de pared. NO POSEE CAMARA

THE PHONE IS A BLOCKED PHONE AND AM FINDING UNBLOCKING IT DIFFICULT DUE TO AM IN NIGERIA I BUY AND SHIP TO A U.S ADDRESS BEFORE IT WAS SHIPPED TO ME IN NIGERIA. I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO USE IT BECAUSE THE PHONE IS REQUESTING FOR PASSWORD AND THEIR IS NO WAY I CAN GET THE IMEI

the cellphone isn't unlocked...the cellphone doesnt have camera..the cellphone i receive isnt the one they show on picture...i demand my money back...this is a rip-offif i were from usa i was trying to sue the seller for swindler and cheater

I choose this rating because its a good way to express satisfaction on the the things i buy and that gives me confident and trust on the product.I have recommended the same phone to my brother and he wants the white one and am going to get it for him soon.

This device was shipped quickly but the device didn't work for my carrier as promised. So I gave the device to my brother, and within hours the phone broke. It turned off and hasn't turned on since, even though the battery was fully charged. I personally will never buy another BlackBerry. I'm going back to my beloved Android.

es increible que este articulo nunca llego a mis manoshace 6 meses que lo compre y ni se donde esta

i bought 3 phones and i dindt know that they didnt have cameras and im from venezuela so i spend too much money sending those phones to my country. in the photos that you have there they do have cameras

Very good. The product meet my expectation and I will continue to recommend you to my families, friends, and co-workers.

el equipo salio y llego a tiempo al buson de miami, llego con todas las especificaciones del vendedor equipo nuevo fuinciona correctamentemuchas gracias

but the phone did not come, not what caused this rate I that I repaid the money almost immediately, thank you very much for the excellent service!

Purchased this Blackberry to replace another it works great no issues whatsoever. Perfect for any Blackberry user who requires a small phone.

The phone has WIFI, and fits easy into my palms.Though, I bought it used, the casing is still very neat. kudos to Falken Mobile.

It was all what they said it would be. I am currently enjoying my cell with no hiccups.No problems with it so far and i do hope it stays that way

No media card included..  Phone was not unlocked but a very simple procedure unlocks it... Telephone company does not do this in the Dominican Republic so you must find someone who knows how. Other than that the phone is fine.

THIS GUY IS A CHEATER DO NOT BUY FROM HIM the title states "unlocked" and others said theirs was locked to verizon, I NEED A VERIZON PHONE i got one LOCKED TO SPRINT , THATS NOT WHAT UNLOCKED MEANS

I need this product bill Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)port calls me in Venezuelathanks for your help

excellent buy, very good phone works perfect I have not had any problems I would buy.very very goodregards

Broke the screen on my phone and found the exact replica here for a 1/3 of the price of my old one. Great working, almost new phone.

i bought the phone for my siblings in Africa. They were happy to receive the phone. it was unlock and works well. I will purchase more of the same phone in the near future.

The item Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM: is not unlocked,thus not as stated, This is the main reason for hating it.

I was fooled buy a new phone and sent me a used phone without a camera restoredThey are liars, crooks

Good afternoon, gentlemen, not like the TLF WINE WITHOUT CAMERA AND NOT TURN ME WANTED SINCE GAVE ME THAT'S RETURN THE POSSIBILITY TLF, And send me a new one that can use, TURN THAT GOOD AND WITH CAMERA, OR IF YOU my money back please, I HAVE OF PISA TLF roles in OFOCINA.HOPE promptest reply with a solution.GREETINGS;CONTRERAS ARGENIS

this product is excellent. is very functional, I have no complaints about this product. everything works perfectly fine. was better than I thought

Excellent item. almost like a new one. the item works great and smoothly. am enjoying it. i was skeptical ab initio but am glad i purchased this.

My wife chosed this cell phone for her, i prefer a samsumg galaxy but she wanted this cause she already has another older Blackberry

There are a lot of scratches on the edges, and also it is cracked across the flash. I would have returned it, but I will be leaving the country in less than three weeks and there just won't be enough time for me to send this back, and place an order for another phone.

El tel&eacute;fono vino en perfecto estado a venezuela, el env&iacute;o fue inmediato. Funciona con todas las operadoras... Producto y tienda recomendada...

I got my package in the mail rather quickly! The phone works great (like new), however the charger mailed with the phone did not charge the phone at all. I contacted the guy who sold it to me and his customer service skills were impeccable. He apologized and immediately sent out a new WORKING charger. Everything ended up working out great after I got the new charger.

this is a wonderful purchase, i really appreciate it.Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera.10nx

The battery was dead on arrival. No pun intended.Would have appreciated a link indicating the specs for the batteries so that I could have gotten a spare as a backup.

I bought this internationally unlocked cell phone, took to get set up and was told that i cant get data because its a verizon phone. I was very disappointed to hear that after spending so much money on it.  what is the use of a blackberry without data?  the seller did not specify that it was a verizon and that i would have such a problem.  now i have a useless phone.

All I wanted was an explanation  why this does not work?  x  xxxxxxx  xxxxxxxx xx xx  xxxx xx xxx xx

El celular llego en buen estado, con las caracteristicas descritas. Funciona bien en Venezuela para Movilnet levantando senal EDGE con total normalidad. La conexion por wifi es un poco lenta, del resto cumplio con mis expectativas

cell came with technical problems and had to be repaired, provided the battery failures and softwere and the waiting time was too long

I recieved the phone in about 11 working days, when told it would be 3-5 business days.  When I recieved my "Verizon unlocked" phone, I tried to activate it over the phone with Verizon.Verizon refused to activate this phone becouse it was either "stolen or lost".I got my money back, but what a waste of time for a small business owner that needs his phone for business!!!John

the cell is defective, I had to change the operating system because it was very slow and off only, also has several burns housing and keypad widely used with many white keys. bad buy

unfortunately the phone is very badI hope I can return it or replace itthe problems isthe phone is very slowand dead battery everytime

buy a second article that was new and used'm very angry, I feel robbed fgunciona keys does not work and is in very poor condition the phone I know you do in this case? as you may amazon is a very responsible company and vendors have to steal customers

My Blackberry 9650 excelent, Mi Blackberry 9650 excelente cumple con mis espectativas y mis formas de trabajo, viene con 512 MB en RAM como cualquier Torch ademas con el OS 6 no te llevo nada recomiendo el 9650 100%,Bye ByeJairo Guerra Venezuela

the phone was in good condition, just a detail in the bezel as I was saying the seller, on the other hand a minor detail that was not updated, some easy solution, good attention and good delivery, no complaints

Es el tercer telefono que les compro y nunca habia tenido incovennientes con la telefon&iacute;a venezolana, en este no funciona la transmisi&oacute;n de datos (no levanta a EDGE) y lo prob&eacute; con todas las telefonias (Telefonica Venezuela. Digitel, Empresa de telecomunicaciones venezolana)It is the third phone that I buy and never had incovennientes with Venezuelan telephone, this does not work the transmission of data (not up to EDGE) and I tried with all mobile carriers (Telefonica Venezuela. Digitel, Venezuela's telecommunications company)

According to the conditions indicated in the publication of this article was saying that everything was working well, to receive this, I saw that the camera does not work, the wifi with many difficulty to conect, and none of this appeared in the description, just scratches and scuffs. I can not return it to be in another country. Do not know how I can get compensation for this article acquired under these conditions. Could someone tell me?

having problem with this product. phone get's very hot everything is going wrong. will return it has soon has I get it back.

Just needed a different phone from the ancient one i've been using. Yes this is old, but works well enough for me.

Battery never charged after over 24h plugged in. Took to a technical support place and they said the battery was bad.... I had to return it even before turning it on. Unreliable.

I ordered a phone not knowing it was a Sprint phone. It arrived in a timely manner and in new condition. But when I asked my Verizon store if I could use it they told me to pound sand. I'm not a tech geek so I have no idea how change all the frequencies and settings because the phone is "unlocked". I'll be more diligent to make sure I get a Verizon phone next time. I found a few that were advertised as Verizon phones......on Ebay.

very efficient seller great product work excellent so i would recommend this seller i love this phone because i can surf the net and do my assignment from my mobile phone

Accepts any SIM card as soon as you slide it in.Good battery life.Got it in great shapeRecommend.

Acabo de recibir el telefono y me doy cuenta que el que yo solicite y compre incluia camara y este no posee camara alguna lo cual me sorprende nunca habia visto ni tenia conocimiento que existia un blackberry sin camara, por lo que requiero se me indique como formular mi reclamo para el reintegro del dinero y el envio de este telefono el cual no fue lo solicitado, del resto todo bien solo que no posee camara ilogico para mi.Exijo a Amazon la intervencion para dar solucion a todos los afectados, en especail los de venezuela, es dificil y cosotoso para nosotros comprar en el exterior para que venga una tienda estafadora a enviar un telefono q no fue solicitado, de paso en una caja blanca, sin cable usb, sin cd y tampoco manual es una oferta enga&ntilde;osa,es impresionante leer como hay muchas personas con el mismo problema q yo lo cual debe llamar la atencion de amazon, como es posible q esta tienda este calificada para vender en lo que se considera una de las paginas mas segura para compras electronicas?Sabria agradecer el apoyo para un feliz termino

whoever is selling this product on Amazon needs to be stop. This piece of crap begins to stop working, freezing and turning off by itself one month after i bought it. I tossed it in the trash can.

I don't recommend This item at all!It is not a good option, I bought it in November, and at this time, It doesn't work

como todo bueno me gusto el modelo el color y todo los accesorios que traen en la caja  para los beneficios de mis gustos

I ordered this phone and was in desperate need of a replacement phone since I am not eligible for an upgrade for two more months. I was very pleased with how quickly the phone shipped. Then when I took it to Verizon the guy goes, "Oh, man, how could you do me like this? This is a Sprint phone!" He tried to get me to activate another service to get a phone for cheap but I've been down that road before. Pretty much my heart sank and I am upset with Amazon and PutGroup for misleading me. Even the pictures of the phone Amazon is advertising shows that it has a little Verizon logo on the phone. Now I am out a phone for another week and it's hurting my personal life as well as my business (I'm a General COntractor). Amazon, you need to make it explicitly clear what type of phone service provider the phone is compatible with so this doesn't happen to anyone else.

i bought 3 phone and non of them work properly... it a total waste of money.i need a refund if possible

good phone at a great prices. I got it to use it during my vacation. I got everything I needed

El producto realmente cumple con la descripci&oacute;n excelente muy agradecido y lo estoy disfrutando mucho, un muy buen vendedor el que me toco

I did not see anty blue tooth  that come with it but the phnoe aWas not loading my international credit easily .

i am living in the caribbean and this phone works perfectly. would recommend it. actually i am planning on getting another one for my business.good buy

This item was given by me to a friend as gift. However, I regret the choice, as it frequently freezes.

Received my phone yesterday and it was as described, UNLOCKED, the screen said Verizon when I turned it on but that's just a screen PIC, plugged in my AT&T Sims card and it worked, Than I just changed the screen pic to what I wanted or you can even take a pic with the cam and use that. So stop gripping on your reviews and just try your Sims card in this unlocked brand new looking that came in a sealed Blackberry Box Phone. Now I just have to get used of the Blackberry world and learn about the rest of the features. That's all I have to say to you bunch of weirdos out there.

this item i have both them, have receive them on time, and I was complete happy with the product in this case nothing to complain

Having had a Blackberry Curve previously, and being frustrated with it, I should've known better when I upgraded to the 9650. Right out of the box, the trackpad button was installed crooked. I took it back immediately and was told by the Sprint technician, "yup, it's crooked, nothing we can do about it, RIM shipped thousands like that". And so began nearly a year of frustration with this deeply flawed device. Six months into using it, the device suddenly began turning itself off for no reason, usually just when I was using the browser. I took it back for repair, and they marginally fixed it, though it continued to shut down on occasion. The crooked trackpad continued to impede navigation throughout my usage. When they upgraded the operating system during the shut-down repair, I had hoped for better performance. Instead, it just slowed the phone down even more. As I travel to rural areas often, I need a phone that can also function minimally as a web browser - and this is where this phone really fails. Mobile media pages load with excruciating slowness, if at all. The camera image quality is also very poor, and the rudimentary controls are clunky and primitive. After less than a year I had enough and purchased at full price an HTC Android phone, and love it. Clearly, RIM has no clue about the current smartphone paradigm; the Blackberry line is a thing of the past, and the 9650 is an overpriced piece of junk, useful only as a phone, and marginally for messaging. Buyer beware.

The worst thing I have ever bought on amazon!! Charger didn't work so I don't recommend this seller at all!!! How come you buy something new and you have to go to a cellphone provider  to get some of the accessories because the ones to come on the box aren't working!!

I needed to get an unlocked blackberry for international travel so I decided to test it as soon as I received it with simple mobile sim and no luck. it's obvious that this phone is locked to verizon. the only good thing about this purchase I received it the following day.

I am very satisfied with the delivery and the quality of the product. I wished there was a phone # I could call to speed up communication once I received the Blackberry. As I had rather do personal research rather than go back-and-forth with e-mails to figure out some of the per-existing setup on that phone.But on the over-all I am very happy with this purchase.

At first, I was a little bit nervous because of the bad review and comments. But now that it arrived I'm totally amazed with the cellphone. It is Verizon, but it is unlocked! Thanks TGU Enterprise!

The ad says it was a new piece. But the back case cover was completely scratched. Normaly for a new product a the batteries are fully charged. This looks like a used or refurbished peice. Very disappointing!!!!!

el producto me vino en muy mal estado y las piensan estaban usada. estoy muy descontento con el producto comprado

EL EQUIPO QUE SE RECIBIO NO ES EL QUE APARECE EN LA FOTO DE REFERENCIA, POR LO TANTO QUEDO INSATISFECHO CON LA COMPRA, DEBEN COLOCAR LA FOTOEXACTA DEL EQUIPO EN VENTA PARA EVITAR INCONVENIENTES

the product was delivered on time and it was unlocked as was said in the title. i got a charger, usb, phone, battery, holster, manuals, CD and power adapters. The phone was also brand new.

When I got this phone I was very please :)! For this to be a used phone it sure looks New! And it works great! I buy lots of used phones for family and this phone is the BEST out of all the phones I have bought! So thank u very much :)

I've had 3 Blackberrys now and this one really takes the cake. The new touch-sensitive button that replaced the trackball is something that takes getting used to after really enjoying the feel of the gliding ball to scroll through text and pages. However...once you do get used to it, it makes a world of a difference. The pad is more sensitive (which is of course customizable through the Blackberry menu), works better, doesn't clog up with dirt and need to be cleaned like the old ones, and is overall very sleek in design.The phone boasts Wi-Fi and GSM/CDMA network capability, Bluetooth (which might I recommend the Audio Gateway?BlackBerry Bluetooth Stereo Gateway), a long-lasting battery (5 hours constant talk time), sleek design, tight security options for business, push e-mail and push notifications, full QWERTY keyboard, Large (2.45") high-resolution display (480 x 360 resolution at 245 ppi) and finally a full HTML browser. I forgot to mention that the Blackberry Messaging (BBM) system is far ahead of the others-you can see when the other person is typing, when they got the message, when they read the message, and its all free world-wide. Best "texting" application on the market, it really is unbeatable!Blackberry is really stepping it up with this phone and general, the Blackberry App World is increasing by the minute with great new apps for your phone like Pandora and it comes standard with MS Office word to go and others.The new operating system just released about 2 months ago and they have made great strides with their messaging and email system, the layout and buttons, customizing and so much more. I have never had a phone with so many options to make the phone MINE. Everything from themes, custom LED colors, different tones/vibes for every contact to completely changeable and movable screen icons.

The item summary lied and said it was for a verizon network, and it was not. This caused me to wait 2 weeks to get the product, have to send it back, and wait another week just to get my money back. I was very frustrated with this item.

I owned and used this phone for 2 and a half years and could not have been happier with it. I have nothing else to say, except that this phone truly is a work of art in the midst of the mass-produced.

excelent phone

I bought this phone because I needed a non camera phone for my job. The seller (OEM Store) claimed that it would be shipped with instructions on how to change the settings for GSM use and how to download the Service Books for At&t; and T-mobile GSM services (MMS, Internet, etc.) None of this was included with the shipment, although the phone did work on my GSM service, only after I searched the web for a while to find the information that I needed.The phone itself is exactly what you would expect from a blackberry bold, the phone shipped with OS 5, but it was quick and easy to upgrade it to OS 6 through the blackberry desktop software. (even though this phone is a Verizon CDMA phone, it still upgraded through the desktop software with an AT&T; sim card active)Although this phone works perfectly fine on the Verizon CDMA 3G networks, this phone DOES NOT work on GSM 3G networks, however it does work on the EDGE and GPRS networks (2G). The charger included is not the standard blackberry USB to Mini USB cord charger, its a regular Mini USB to wall charger, so connecting to your PC or Mac for the desktop software isn't straight out of the box. Also, the phones manual is not included nor the desktop software install disc, you will have to download the latest version of the desktop software from blackberry's website.

Tha Blackberry 9650 I bought to BLUTEKUSA trough Amazon is the worst item I ever have out of Amazon. It worked very erratically. I have to reset it (take the battery off) too often that I have to decide to change to Samsung devices. I am very upset about this particular item inasmuch as it is very rare and you do not find find parts to have it repaired. BLUTEKUSA should be eliminated as a Amazon's selling partner because I have no doubt they are cheating customers selling used devices as new ones. Nowadays, my ex-Blackberry 9650 bought to BLUTEKUSA rests peacefully somewhere in a garbage collector institution. It is good as a garbage and it is obviuos I am very upset about throwing away my money. Don't buy anything to BLUTEKUSA. Written from Venezuela.

goodIt should tell you that my interest in buying the Blackberry 9650 came no headphones, memory card and USB cable.Waiting for an answer.thanks

not the team that I buy something that was not sent. which received heavenly was not what I buy. regards

The problem is the phone was made for Sprint and my celular company is ATT. In the information dont have anyrecomendation to only Sprint customers. In this moment i dont use the celular phone and i want to return to yourcompany for another item and i paid the diference.

I bought this phone as a gift for my brother in Nigeria, with the understanding that it was an unlocked phone. Unfortunately, when my brother received it, it turned to be locked on to the sprint network!!! This so NOT good . . . the listing for the phone clearly said it was an unlocked GSM phone which was what I thought I paid for!I feel like I have been duped by BLUTEKUSA!!!  potential buyers should beware of sellers like BLUTEKUSA who write one thing in their listing and sending another. After spending so much money buying this and then spending another sending it to Africa, it turns out not to be useful!

there was a gross misunderstanding on my part, if you received the BB Bold 9650, the person who brought it to me and I mistook it had received one wrong, a thousand pardons, excellent throughout, as I can remove the last rate?

how can i unclocked it, please help me, i can't use it to telephonein addition, there isn't advanced option in option,why?

I love this phone. I am not a fan of touch screen phones, but I did want a smart phone. The Blackberry Bold is the perfect mix. It has a touch pad (kind of like a laptop) instead of the dreaded touch screen. This is my first Blackberry and I am surprised how fast it is. I had read a lot of bad reviews about Blackberry,that it had a short battery life, constant freezing and other gripes. Yes, the phone has a short battery life if you are on it 24/7 (but what would you expect with a smart phone) If you use it moderately it will last much longer. I do have to charge it every night, but that is the price of technology. I have experienced some freezing but my computer does that too, so it is not a big deal. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants to break away from the touch screens.

It is a very good quality product, I recommend it to anyone who wants to purchase, the best is the price, because in Venezuela is very expensive

Good Afternoon, I have not been able to resolve the problem with the phone. It has become impossible activarle a line with any operator here in Venezuela. The phone came with the old packaging was not what I expected at the picture and said it was no specification of operator Verizon and displayed as used. I'm disappointed and feel cheated.I want to return it and refund the purchase.

It meet my expectation and I am enjoying my new phone. It is cool but i give it four stars because it is kinda hot when u touch it, after it is on for awhile.

i love this phone everything i wanted and more and the time i got it was so fast its unbelievable

First of all, the phone is advertised as unlocked! It is not unlocked and cannot be unlocked! I am totally frustrated and returning the phone.

Ive order blackberry bold 9650. and it says GSM unlocked but when it came to me. it was not unlocked. im in kuwait and i dont know what to do.

Jacobe A big fraud. I thought this would be Unlocked. But to My bad it is a Verizon Locked Phone and Now is No good to me. Will never shop Amazon Ever again,

EL EQUIPO CUANDO LLEGO POR PRIMERA VEZ NO PUDO SER UTILIZADO EN VENEZUELA POR NO ESTAR DESBLOQUEADO A PARTE DE HABERME ENVIADO UN EQUIPO RECONSTRUIDO, EL VENDEDOR HIZO EL CAMBIO DEL EQUIPO Y ESE EQUIPO DESDE QUE LLEGO A VENEZUELA NO PUDO SER USADO NUEVAMENTE POR SER UN EQUIPO RECONSTRUIDO, Y YO LO QUE PEDI FUE UN EQUIPO NUEVOOOOOO

was fun until the newer blackberries came out.  screen small and OS 5-6 is ancient compared to OS 7.1 would recommend for 1st time blackberry users.

the battery usually hot like a red hot iron within 1 minute of usage.the battery easily discharged because of the hotness.

The camera doesnt work. sometimes it doesnt open or when the camera open, it says cant save the pictures. plus is quite slow during us and sometimes just turn off. I dont like it.

This phone is 100% unlocked and will work with Any sim card in the world. All features incluingBlackberry Messenger (BBM)WebbrowsingIt will not work with Verizon or Sprint.But it will work with any GSM carrier in the world and south america like T-Mobile, AT&T; Telefonica, Orange, etc.Over all best value of Blackberry.

add the phone to my cart to buy and last 10 minutes the price rose almost $ 30, I'm from Venezuela and the premium can not quite buy it. and buy one in February of this year. please put me down the price to 250 to bid at this moment

Good phone, nice price, 2 complaints, the numbers on the keypad dont light up in the dark, only the letters, a bit strange and the battery  seems to be an old one, it die quickly and the phone gets hot. Definately have to get a new battery. But the phone works well besides that.

It worked as expected. It was a gift for a family member and it worked fine. That was one very good gift and experience

Yeahhh, The Blackberry 9650 is another Blackberry i am not saying that is a bad phone. Well what can i say? I like blackberry and BBM to share all with my friends around the world, i updated the 9650 to OS6 without a problem and it works really fast and it has good aplications, camera 3.2mp flash etc, all new models has that. I really have this phone for work and bbm also with my work friends. Blackberry 9650 has all i need for work. I other ways the blackberry 9650 is a little heavy and need activation with a code Buy it on EBAY and it works is the only bad thin. Otherwise it is perfect

The weight on this phone is great.  Works really good and never had a problem.  Activated the phone and using it all the time with no problems.  It is so much slimmer and less weight than the prior model.

i asked for a bold 9650 for my little cousin, didnt arrive before i left the US for my country and it was sent to me the week after by my friend and i got an old touch bb phone surprisingly. This was very sad, all my others where very bad orders.

Although the phone was listed as "unlocked&" it was differcult switching the cell from Verizon to AT&T. Even after hours of researchng and switching the phone from Verizon to AT&T not all the features of the phone work on AT&T network. I think the best thing about this purchase was that seller did an excellent job ensuring the the cell phone arrived on time as promised

Good blackberry Cell phone for use, If you not intersted to use advance technology then it is best device. I personally like it

bought a unlocked phone,the phone i received was locked to verizon had to pay $20 dollars to have it unlocked.

Unfortunately, when I took the Blackberry 9650 to Verizon it read SOS where the antenna indicator should have been.  I was told this meant that the antenna was defective and they could not activate the phone.  So, I returned it and reactivated my old Blackberry 9650. The return process was easy.

Well, the product is not at all like I wanted and nothing I do not like the phone and order a few hours of buying them send an e-mail asking them please cancel the order and have not received any response as which I consider a lack of respect I Regreg the product as the team has no hope for a solution chamber.

I CAN'T BUY TO MAKING PHONE CALL ONLY I RETURN THE PHONE CAUSE I CAN'T USE IT UNABLE TO CONNECT WITH INTERNET THE BLACKBERRY 9650 BOLD BY SPRINT I HATE IT, I WANT AT&T BLACKBERRY 9650 BOLD

Again fast delivery, and the product was brand new and shiny! Really love it except for the ball. I didnt notice that it had the ball otherwise I would have settled for Blackberry 9700 Bold intead. But superb job by you guys!

I hated it. They sent me one without a camera. Smh! I dont even want to comment about it anymore because it opens old wounds when I think about it. I didnt really like this phone. I thought it was neat and when I got it, my mind was just completely changed. Not kinda changed but completely changed. There is nothing special about this phone and then ontop of that, the people I ordered it from sent me a phone with no camera and it was not even GSM. There wasnt an area for a SIM Card. It was just irritating to the core. I am used to good quality over quantity and it was just unacceptable for its price. Hence, I returned it. That was the last time I ordered from the OEM shop and the last time I order a Blackberry Bold unless it is the Bold Touch 9900 or 9930. Smh!

This product isn't that I like, first don't coming how the store specific, is a product de sprin, don't have accesories, and the box isn't the blackberry company, I like my refund because I trust to you... What happen amazon whith that store.

this equipment is not released as it says in its publication and aprte not sent me the memory of 2 GB and it is sad to see that there are such publications as prestigious on this page

I did very well excellent to get my purchase thanks

The item wasnt fully unlock and they didnt send no earphone with the phone so I am a bit disappointed.

I waited a long time for my phone and then when i got it, it was not unlocked. Infact no could unlock it. I am still without a phone

WASTE OF MONEY, DONT BUY IT!Before i bought it i did an intensive research about what was the best blackberry for me at the best price.When i saw this particular phone from this seller i didnt think the price was the right, and still dont.When the phone arrived , hanging loose in the box with the charger in the middle, i immediately noticed something wasnt right. i turned it on and the battery went for only a few minutes. I charged a complain and after some days the seller answered. Took me a week to solve the problem. two batterys where sent to me ( after one more week of waiting). When i was actually able to use the phone i noticed I wasnt able to connect neither to wifi or 3G (wich are very important for a blackberry). I talked to the seller again and he wasnt able to solve it, or give my money back. i tried to solve the problem by myself in mobike stores but they all said it was a problem from the phone.I wasted tons of money on this phone, cant ise it properly and the seller didnt even try to solve it.THIS WAS A MASSIVE WASTE OF MONEY. BAD PHONE AND BAD SELLER.MY ADVICE: dont buy it.Thanks for reading

iresposable la empresa q los envioa jbnjsz shjhs sjhs s sjs s s s s s s s s s s

NO CAMERA!Bunch of liars do not waste your money i purchase this mobile it didn't have any camera and the usb cord was broken i advise u once more DO NOT PURCHASE

El producto me parecio muy bien y en buen estado!! Y la tienda se hizo responsable durante todo el proceso, lo recomiendo,

I like it and it is ok for me, looking very Good and easy to use yes it is ok by me  thanks

La oferta que realizan es totalemente falsa, dicen que los telefonos son nuevos y no lo son uno de los os que compre vino con una Sim Card de Verizon, se le hizo la pureba y no son desbloqueados, las pilas estan en mal estado.Lo increible es que Amazon, acepte proveedores de esta tipo.Mi recomendacion es que no le compren un producto mas a este gente

con la compra de mins telefonos  son espectaculares  son una empresa muy buena en el mercado  para las compra de sus producto gracias por todo

i buy this phone and previously i owned a 9300 but the condition of that its very bad this phone has minor scratches and work very good the service from bb work fine

EL PRODUCTO ME DABA OTRAS CARACTER&Iacute;STICAS EN LA PRESENTACI&Oacute;N QUE ES UN BLACKBERRY 9650 CON C&Aacute;MARA, LA CUAL ME LLEGO UN BLACKBERRY SIN C&Aacute;MARA MODELO 9630.! ES PRIMERA VES QUE ME OCURRE ESTO.

perfecto

The description of this product clearly states it is unlocked however it is locked by verizon wireless now I'm stuck with a phone that does not allow you to activate the media out of the US also the track pad does not working properly, I won't rate you 0 because does not allow it to do so.

Good. Came unlocked. Works still

This product does not meet my specification,why becos it's verizon it does not work in Nigeria and I wouldn't recommend it for African use except for the United States.i also use this medium to beg amazon to tell the seller to kindly send me a return authorization,so I can get what is useful to my locality.Thanks!

If you've ever found yourself &#34;in between&#34; phones due to theft or other unpredicatble happenings this quick and easy device you keep in a drawer for just those moments. The price on them makes it a Perfect plan B phone for just those times.

Hello,Such a stupid product no one should but this item. By paying such amount you are only getting phone and charger and battery inside the box is not original blackberry items. When i reached to vendor he promised me that he has sent the replacement but he is not providing me tracking information. This is a fake merchant who will make false promisses i brought this item month back and till now he didn't sent me any replacement product after connecting they are saying they have sent the item. Duplicate battery backup is 3 hours only and looking at charger anyone can tell that it not blabkberry charges. Such a stupid accessories so please dont buy and waste you money on this product with this fake merchant.I could be possible people commented above dont know abt this reality.Regards

Well, i already have bought the phone, and it's perfect.All that i need, his accesories, charger, cable, all original.And unlocked, new. everything perfect, and the support, much better.Magnificent. 5 stars.

It never mentioned that it was a Sprint product, which means it is very difficult to use with another network.  Had I known a head of time, I would have shopped around a little more before purchasing.  The instructions are a little confusing but overall the phone itself is awesome.  Sorry it couldn't be 5 stars, but I felt I had to tell the truth.

WHEN I RECEIVED THIS BLACKBERRY PHONE IT WAS A WASTE, IT DID NOT WORK.  END IN THE I LOST WOW

when my phone arrived in my hands,it needed to be fix ,the cost to fix it is $1000.00 in Trinidad Dollars that is like $170.00 US more than the cost of the phone,I never send it back because i paid $400.00 to clear so to send would of been half of that. I just count my losses .

This phone did not work, does not accept the removable memory card and not working wireless signal receiving antenna, also grabbed the phone never 3G. VERY BAD

This is the second Blackberry phone owned and my husband uses it for business.  He mocks my iPhone and swears by this Blackberry.  If you are looking for a more business oriented phone, this one leads the pack.THE GOOD:The biggest improvements are: (1) international service and (2) the glide pad button instead of the trackball on older models.  The glide pad button works much better since the trackball would get dirty and stick with no real way of cleaning it to fix the problem.  There are plenty more apps available with this phone, understanding that it cannot compete with Android or Apple on this point.  The Blackberry still shines for business related work and easy to use keyboard over the touch screen versions.  The phone has been banged around and keeps on working.  Gotta love that!  Phone service is provided by Verizon and there have been no problems with dropped calls.THE BAD:(1) Not too happy about it ranking high on the radiation list for cellphones.

who is doing the amazon personnel with problems with this type of problems that are much consumer, I buy it and I get one that is not the specifications they say on the page, and by the way I came without the original box How is it possible that Amazon which is a faithful page of cuiales many people considered as market makers, or is there not one type of solution for us as end consumers? or no one responds to this call?

Advertised as unlocked yet locked to Verizon & comes Verizon branded and even with a Verizon SIM card inside. I regret!

Hi. I bought a blackberry bold 9650, and It was supposed to be unlocked but it is not. I sent this cellphone to Venezuela because it was for a gift. What can I do?

I ORDERED THIS PHONE ABOUT THREE WEEKS AGO , AND I HAD THE IDEA THE PHONE WILL BE UNLOCK STATED ON THE PACKAGE (UNLOCK) TO MY SURPRISE THE PHONE CAME LOCK . WHAT I SUPPOSE TO DO NOW ? SPEND MORE MONEY TO GET IT UNLOCK ?  IT WILL  BE GRATEFUL IF YOU ALL CAN SEND ME THE CODE TO UNLOCK THE PHONE .THANK YOU VERY MUCH ........ BUT I AM VERY UPSET .....

this phone was listed as new and when i took it to jamaica i found out it was used and i want a refund or a new phone!

EL ARTICULO LLEGO EN PERFECTA CONDICIONES Y TAL COMO LO ESPECIFICA EN LA VENTA, MUY BUEN PRODUCTO EL VENDEDOR CUMPLI, CON TODO LO QUE REFERIDO. FELICITACIONES POR SER UN BUEN VENDEDOR.Y ME SIENTO MUY SATIFECHO CON MI COMPRA, LO TENDRE EN CUENTA PARA UNA PROXIMA COMPRA.GRACIAS

good morning, I am writing in order to let them know that the product I ordered was not what I get, I got the blackberry 8520 and asked for a phone a Bold 9650

BlackBerry makes a solid product this product was another in their lineup. It makes a for a good second phone.

Very good.

In general, this phone is nice. However, there is a very noticeable crack in the screen. This was disappointing, but maybe I should not have expected much from a refurbished phone.

Even though it seems a bit bulky, the blackberry bold 9650 works well, it uses both, the 3g and 2 g, signals without a problem. Glad I boght it

the phone is very good physically but I can not seem to call that is blocked, or rather not accept the chip does not recognize plus I can not make the language change

The features of this product are okay. But the hardware is really terrible. The whole phone, not just the battery, gets hot for no apparent reason. This in turn drains the battery. I discovered that many owners of BlackBerry Bold phones had the same issues when I tried to find a solution to these problems. Only 10 days after I started using this product, the battery won't charge anymore after the phone got hot by itself without being used. At times it would also shut down by itself when I tried to surf on the internet. It's unbelievable that this product is still being sold with such huge defects - not just bugs but dinosaurs.Few apps seem to be available in comparison with other brands. After getting this phone, I felt I had something that would soon become an antique. Do yourself a favor, don't buy this phone. I am returning mine. BB Bold, bye bye.

Greetings, a good investment. Worth buying. Not until now has no problems about this phone. The battery 2 days which is a plus and the OS is very stable.

I bought two of these phones.  However, one just did not work at all.  I could not get it to even start,  I am living in Jamaica and therefore had a problem returning the item.  I lost my money.  The other one works well.

usb cable was damaged and did not come the memory card if the phone is in perfect condition  thanks you very much

I'm from Venezuela. I saw a few bad reviews about this phone, but when i have it on my hands, i inserted my sim card (Digitel) and everything works perfect. This product is UNLOCKED and not like some people says.Soy de Venezuela. Vi unos cuantos malos comentarios sobre este tel&eacute;fono, pero cuando lo ten&iacute;a en mis manos, insert&eacute; mi sim card de Digitel y todo funcion&oacute; perfecto. Este producto esta desbloqueado y no como algunas personas dec&iacute;an.

I bought this phone for some one but she changed her mine and went for a more upgraded version so I kept it.It is simple, but  has many features and very tough.It took many a fall and is still kicking. I love it, but from my experience, the key buttons are too small and close together which makes it difficult to text without mistakes. Hope they do something about that..

Very nice, I get as it as specified, I am very happy with this phone, I recommend it very reliable, thank you very much.

Sir....! a lot of these blackberry phones manufactor say the phone is unlocked. but are they clear of the IT locks on the phone....?

just got the phone and as the same of the rest, the phone doesn't have camera the problem is that i live in ecuador so i can't return the item, the OEM shop is the worst seller ever...

Loved came fast and right what it say

This is a great phone. Good speed and flexible menus. It is a very significant step up from previous  Blackberry models in almost all areas including the camera quality.  We are using it in a foreign country with no problems at all. I definitely recommend the phone and it was a very smooth experience buying it from Amazon.

i had this for 11 months now. i live in Trinidad and it works well over the gsm network. Three problems i encountered. 1. the phone takes a long time to start up or reboot. 2. sometimes there is a lag in processing (opening a program or game). 3. even though the phone is working fine on top of the screen still says &#34;Activation Required&#34;. my service provider says that is normal for verizon phones. but in all it is a stable product and the problems are minor and manageable.

for a used phone it came in a very decent condition and came ontime with all the accessories as advertised...

The seller is EXCELLENT with his customer service.Please just call and he will help. This phone IS unlocked, and is wonderful for international use. Great seller, good products!!! I would definitely recommend to friends and family. The condition was also good, no major scratches or signs of wear and tear. New battery and everything. Thumbs up!All of this after I called, irate...when all I had to do was read the instructions. Still he walked me through step by step for an easy set-up. I am located in Trinidad.

I bought this phone to use internationally like some other people did.First, it did not come unlocked as it SAID on the description.Second, I tried with more than 10 DIFFERENT PEOPLE specialized on unlocking phones and it was IMPOSSIBLE to unlock.AMAZON SHOULD NOT ALLOW THIS KIND OF SELLING HERE BECAUSE IT IS DAMAGING ITS REPUTATION!!

The charger never works, its wasn't the original from Blackberry. But the cellphone its Ok (unlocked). Still try to download the applications.

quiero saber si es confiable comprar  ese telefono bien con camara es confiable por favor quiero  savel  por que lo quiero comprar

a good piece of technology, this phone is excellent in terms of pricehas good processability and good pictures. I recomended

This phone's description never mentioned that it was a &#34;Sprint&#34; phone. Nor did the picture show it in the ordering process. It was received in excellent condition, but opened and with missing items, though it was advertised as NEW. Being this phone was a &#34;Sprint&#34; phone my carrier &#34;Verizon&#34; could not change my missing phone's information to it or activate it. A very big waste of time and money on my part.

I love the phone it look brand new I love it no scratch no sign of use battery in great condition and charger just the best

I bought 2 of these Blackberry for my nephew and niece in the Caribbean, in Barbados and they love it.  The phones came unlocked which is needed in the Caribbean to work there and they looked great.  Both my nephew and niece did not have any problems operating them there in Barbados.  They were a good buy...great price also.

This is the biggest scam I have ever seen and I do not expect this from Amazon at all. This is not an unlocked phone and actually does not even have a slot for a sim card since this is a verizon only PHONE! This is pure scam DO NOT BUY!!

Amazon messed up on original order by leaving out vital instructions to initialize the phone and wrongly instructed me to return the item instead of sending me the proper instructions.  When I was provided proper instructions by Unlocked Cell Phone Kings and I reordered the phone it was shipped by Amazon missing a significant portion of the package. The phone is not operating properly as it does not allow me to download Outlook Calendar and Contacts via direct wired connection with my computer.  I am a former Blackberry owner.  Overall experiance with Amazon has been very unsatisfactory

very good phone, at a very good price, i really liked this model of blackberry buy, i hope to continue to improve

I recently had my sister purchase a 9650 from this supplier and i was not satisified cause the suppler did not state weather it was a refurbished phone or a new one... The  trackpad is faulty, it stops working and then starts back once you play with it and the battery needs changing... I charge the phone full and i only get 2 hours bbm time and one hour talk time and also the wifi pin was not attatched and i had to pay to get it fixed and the phone is a refurbished bb... I am sorry i purchased this phone cause of all the problems i am having at this moment thank you

The product was described, and that was what I got. The phone was unlocked and a very acceptable condition. I recommend it.

I purchased this phone for my husband but I should have bought it for myself as the features are great

Adding another review to point out that this is a locked phone and not an unlocked device. Maybe the seller doesn't understand the difference?

It is still my phone in use I take care of it and it is almost new for me is good

I love this phone. It is working well in Africa. The only draw back is that the battery dies quick but no big deal. The phone is great and good.

In the product description indicates that the phone runs 3G on the 1900MHz band for data, but actually, the signal indicator shows only &#34;edge&#34; and the internet does not work.only works voice features, but configuration data appears preset a phone number other than the one I'm using and can not be changed, as if the phone were dissociated to a phone line above.It is a smartphone that does not work the internet, doesn't work for me :(

Blackberry 9650 Bold just as they good condition said works fine runs smooth only thing tends to die fast sometimes

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionI loved this phone, the color, the weight, the camera is good, heats up a bit when the battery is widely used. I recommend NEVER allow the battery to downloadGood price, works with 3G and 4G for Venezuela

This phone is suposed to be unlocked, but is not, it says activation instructions are in the box, but they aren't, i tried to call customer service but they wont answer. BAD EXPERIENCE DONT BUY

exelente gracias envio entregado en el tiempo esperado no tengo ninguna queja de este envio gracias por estar siempre a la altura

I bought this phone recently. While the website claims that the phone will be shipped with instructions, none were in the box. Also, and more importantly, the Amazon website does not mention anything about a 7 day return policy. I had to travel on business so I did not get around to activating the phone. When I returned and tried to activate the phone, I realized there were no instructions which made me run around to the cell phone stores trying to get the unit working. When I tried to return the phone, the company drew my attention to the invoice which states a 7 day return policy. Anyone contemplating buying this phone should be aware of this. I spent $199 on the phone and have no recourse.

This was bought for a friend, and it was stated that the battery isnt holding charge for any length of time.

I purchased the blackberry bold 9650, well it is unlocked as the seller indicated, all i had to do was pay my local service provider to activate the phone, since am from a country in the caribbean named SAINT LUCIA. It was and is a good purchase, thank you guys for the free holder.Christopher Stevens

This is a nice phone. The previous owner used it with caution and I appreciate this seller sending me a good product. Thanks. For future buyers of this product, if you want it in GSM mode, simply go to wireless network and change the mode to GSM mode. That should be all you need.

Bought this in Papua New Guinea on my flight to Fiji. The sim does not accept it I mean the other way round. Had to pay $4500 at the airport because the security guys found a secret plosive chip inside and their palm had to be greased. Anyway it works like charm. The keys are sexy and the screen is almost retina display

Llego en empaque viejo golpeado, el celular rayado por parte posterior sin accesorios enga&ntilde;o el celular no esta desbloqueado. Total estafa.

fully operational Is good phone for me, recommended &iacute;tem for all user of BlackBerry. good and low cost for the phone.

I really liked this blackberry, I apologize for not posting on time rate .. Service very good, responsible, for my part I highly recommend it ..

It was not unlock. The website described as unlock phone. It was still Verizon. My phone carrier us AT&T. U had to return the phone back to Amazon.

Got it for my little brother as a gift and he absolutely loves it. It works perfectly and has no glitches.

Blackberry funciono perfectamente, se le realizaron pruebas al mismoSe conecta rapido y sus funciones tambienVendedor muy eficiente lo recomiendoGracias

Product efficient, modern and excellent benefit. I recommend, especially for those who do not want to spend much. Very good!

I have to travel to alot of carribbean islands and the l blackberry is an awsome phone for the job, arrival package was well wrapt and phone was protected cant really complain about any thing, it got to me ontime and as expected.

hello, i have sent a return request to your office since last week. the gateway notebook is always shutting down since on arrival, most especially when on the internet. hope you can help to replace it with another..thanks

Great product, came on time and in great shape. what i dislike is that the pad key doesn't work very well when a case is on the phone, but i still would recommend it

This phone was falsely claimed to be unlocked!  I felt deceived as I had to purchase a code online in order to have the product unlocked and operational.  Therefore, increasing the true purchase price.  However, once unlocked the phone and its accessories seemed to be working ok and I love the look and feel of the bold 3.

I ask for an unlock BB yes , i did got one , but was unable to use right away with out the aid of  on unlocking phone store , i was not able to put my Sim card in and use it with any other phone other phone company. i was not not in form it was a sprint BB that need the activation removed. even removed i still could not use the BB . i add to pay additional cost to get it ready to international and local phone call. got two BB 9650 from this company and i was looking to order my  kindle from amazon but  i am  reconsidering using amazon for technology buying, as  much as i wish to use it easy of shopping

este articulo no ha llegado a mi direcion en miami ,necesito que me respondan por el paquete,espero que sea una empresa responsable y hagan lo que tenga que hacer

Great phone I bought 3 of these for my family in South Africa it works perfect they all love it .will buy more in the near future

Although Blackberry is losing its market share. this product was worth the buy and i would strongly recommend it to anyone

the phone doesnt charge, battery is no good so am stock with a phone the does work. and needs to be fixed.

The phone looks really good, but several features dont work.  For example, althought I purchased a 2 GB memory card, I cant down load any pictures or video sent to me from friends and family members.  The phone keeps asking for a media card.  They need to stop selling this phone.  It 's false advertising....

Q ESTAFA COMPRE UN TELEFONO COMO NUEVO Y RESULTA Q ME ENVIAN UN TELEFONO REPOTENCIADO Y EN MALAS CONDICIONES AL Q NO  LE SIRVE NI SIQUIERA LA TAPA DE LA BATERIA. EXIJO UNA SOLUCION Y Q ME SEA REMMBOLSADO MI DINERO

the product was not new, also did not come with accessories that should, or charger was corresponding to that phone. battery also did not work.the product did not fulfill expectations

This phone is a refurbished phone by US Cellular, totally not what I expected.The phone is sticking, and it is only the first day..Not a good buy.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11

funciona todo a la perfeccion.. nada anormal.. todo fino... las aplicaciones, el sistema, los auriculares,la camara excelente. en perfectas condiciones.

I am having some battery issue with this product. I always thought of amazon to be a very reliable place to buy my products.I i charged the batteries all night and only got about 5 hours of use from the cell phone.

I bought this phone for my stepson in Africa. He is exceptionally pleased with the features and ease of getting service. Our conversations are now much clearer. It was good to find something that well pleased him.

el telefono vino malo de fabrica no carga!! no sabemos porque y la pila vino abombada osea defectuosa no recomendado para negociaciones...the phone came factory bad no charge! I do not know why and stack domed defective bone wine not recommended for negotiations

Do not buy this phone. I order this phone and everything seemed okay until I noticed the keyboard was not working . Horrible product do not waste your money

This item is also good product and working properly. I like it and easy to use and operate. just one thing that at the back of this product there is a little scratch on the battery cover. It's look was difficult to open and using a sharp tool to open it. But in overall this kind of blackberry good and I like it.

It work like u said it would in Jamaica i would recommend it to my friends they would like it

When I received this unit, I had a myriad of challenges and was forced to return it. The ringer volume didn't work, it didn't maintain connection to mobile network, the phone didn't ring nor vibrate when dialled. I was not satisfied.

Es un equipo liberado originalmente es cdma, no trabaja en 3G para ninguna operadora en Venezuela. El espacio para colocar el Chip es tan ajustado que es casi imposible extraer la linea.

Good afternoon, I wonder what happened to my order, which has not come to Miami, I came home from 24 to 29 and now I get that 30 to July 6, I really know what happened, because it has taken so long.Thank you and good night.

this BB is wonderfull in a good condition. i enjoyed it, i ordered this producut without camera coz i dont like phones with cameras, ....it arrived on time and it was as describedgreat sellerthanks

I bought the phone as a present for a relative. I was glad until he opened the brand new box, and I show that the logo was blurred. Everything looks good, but, is it a genuine Blackberry? Apparently It is, but maybe with defects.The software is just in English and Portuguese.Just judge yourself. The rest is ok and it arrived perfectly on time.

i was concerned about buying my first phone off amazon but most reviews raved about fast shipping and great products, i got just that !i had placed my order on monday and it arrived at my home on thursday the same week. one week before the expected arrival !i have not activated the phone yet, so i cant say about the functionality, but ive played around with the phone a bit and everything seems to be in proper working order. physically the phone is in near mint condition ! there are two small scratches on the bottom of the phone, but only noticeable if youre looking for something to complain about.my first purchasing experience on amazon was very fast and convenient !definately recommending and making another purchase from this seller !

Again I have a buyer for this excellent cellular provider at a great price, the bb 9650. Which came into my hands in very good cosmetic condition, the battery cover and new, no scratch on the screen. I arrived just as described in their publication. Most new cell phones. I am very happy with this purchase. I will continue buying from you I think this seller has a serious and responsible incleible. I recommend it to all my friends in Venezuela.FredysG from Maracaibo Venezuela

the product was delivered on time and it was unlocked as was said in the title. i got a charger, usb, phone, battery, holster, manuals, CD and power adapters. The phone was also brand new.

lo compre y fue entregado al currier el dia estipulado.... aun no lo tengo en mis manos, es decir no ha llegado a mi pais. porq mi currier es un poco lento. cuando llegue el telefono les digo que tal es.

Buy this phone from Hasslefree Cell because that seller is awesome!!! I received everything in the box as descibed and it was a new unit. The Blackberry case was a sleeve rather than a magnetic pouch, but it's not a big issue. After seeing all the bad reviews under the Blackberry Bold 9650 seller web page i did my research and this was the only seller with an actual online website. That's a good clue to see whether a seller is legitimate. Great service and answered all my questions via e-mail. Thank you Hasslefree cell!!! Five stars all the way!!!

Good cell phone, and i receive it in good conditions. it is a good phone, in normal conditions of use.

The product was in great condition but, it was missing two important things. 1. The charger and 2. the memory chip. Other than that phone was in good condition.

Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)NO ESTOY CONFORME CON EL PRODUCTO NI EL PROVEEDOR,  YA QUE EN LAS ESPECIFICACIONES DECIA QUE ERA NUEVO Y ESTABA DESBLOQUEADO, LAMENTABLEMENTE NO ESTABA DESBLOQUEADO, Y NO TRAJO TODOS SUS ACCESORISO.....

The description of this product clearly states that it is an unlocked phone. However, when the phone arrived it was evident that it was locked to Verizon thus making it useless to me as I needed it for international travel. I am disappointed in both Amazon and Lucky Electronics for cheating their customers in this fashion.

actually the caamera doesn't work. its brand new everithing works except the camera , and i checked before buying that . it said (Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera... ) so why its not workingjust spent all that money in the phone for notting

I am very disappointed with the order. I had ordered an unlocked BB 9650 GSM fone, but when it arrived I was surprised to see that it had a pre-loaded verizon sim card. I am already a TMobile customer but the handset did not support the TMobile sim. Hence I was fooled that this is an unlocked phone??This seller has cheated his customer and i urge not to buy any items from this seller.  The product description on the website does not match the actual delivery.

i like the phone nothing is wrong with it easy to use and i have to negative comments to say

is an acceptable product, the total description of the product is as advertised as such at the time of purchase ....very pleasedthanks

I had many problems because the invoice sent with the product and they sent me the phone is not 3G

i bought this phone for a friend and she loves it..she has nothing to say but WOW I LOVE IT.

This phone isn't unlocked like it claims, I can't use any data service (bbm, bb appstore) because it's locked to sprint. Could some one at amazon look into this please

I purchased 3 of this item from wireless professionals, phones doesnt seem to be new, but refurbished, one of them came with the upper cover broken and separated from the main body of the cellphone and some scratches on the release lever of the back cover (as done with a screwdriver), other of the phones doesnt recognize the memory card, and the third one resets everytime i take a picture with flash, so all 3 phones came with defects, I wouldnt purchase from this seller anymore. I live at venezuela so it is too expensive for me to request a refund. I'll have to die with this. I was cheated.

Excelente producto, en perfecta condiciones, la atencion muy atenta y eficiente, espero poder seguir haciendo negociones y realizar muchas mas compras, gracias por todo y continuen asiBlackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)

The phone case is not original, the phone charger and the battery are damaged. It is to say, the phone is refurbished.

Just awesome.The phone operates just the way I was expecting it works. I would not chose anything other device. I made a good choise.

I was looking for a phone to use wi-fi for whatsapp and that didn't froze every 5 mins, this is the phone to do so. Not very modern or anything but it takes calls and makes them. Too bad the browser is kinda bad and the reception for the wifi is weird

I ordered this phone a couple months ago to ship to my relative internationally, and they told me it wouldn't work. They sent it back to me for to assets the problem, and they were right the phone was not unlocked, and only works with Verizon. From what I can see I am not the only person who also have been conned. I would like Amazon to investigate this, and even not allow sellers to sell products with false information.

I am very dissatisfied with your purchase, it is assumed that the phone is unlocked, when trying to activate it was very difficult, it only works for a few minutes and stops working. Also gets very hot and the battery lasts very little. Previously I have bought phones amazon and have never had any difficulty.

I'm so happy with my blackberry. Even when It's refurbished, looks like new and works very well. I'm so happy!

No Muy Bueno..Sin Camara y no permite envi&oacute; rapido, no pude recoger en la fecha que me fue informada y por ello debi volver a pagar otro envio.

i asked for unlocked one .they sent me a verizon devic that can make calls using any other phone cmpany but it is locked for internet and blackberry message.

i't came whit the battery damaged, and whit other parts like the back cover im not happy with the products

It a constant race to keep up with the new phones and different versions. I have had the blackberry 9650 for about a year and four months now and its time to say, I'm ready for a new phone! When the phone first arrived all was well, but within a few months little problems would turn into minor problems. Now I'm forced to keep this phone that comes with a two year contract and deal with its mood swings such as shutting off randomly.Anticipating the arrival for the phone was something words cannot express because it seemed like the best thing on the market. Trying to set up the phone took me the whole night but it was worth it to me, and since everyone I knew had a blackberry it became the "thing". The keys were so small that my thumbs had to adjust but it became easy over time. The company had sent me a charger that was able to swap the sockets, but it was useless to me because I never even needed the extra. The memory on the phone is terrible, I'm constant deleting things to make room for more things and thats a loss for me which I don't like. However, it lets me keep in contact with people in various different ways which I thought was cool and insightful at the same time. The screen protector that came with it broke and it was a good accessory for the phone, and also the headphones which broke too.The phone does the job of what its supposted to do which is the most important thing to me, but always waiting for it to load and reboot itself makes me not want to be bothered with it anymore. I wouldn't mind another blackberry use a more upgraded version with more memory and lots of new featuers. I'll make a decision when my contract is up wheater to continue the blackberry line or get the new iphone and be ahead of the race again.

I am now the proud owner of blackberry bold 9650 GSM Smartphone unlocked by the touch of your  fingers.  Great customer service, I encourage anyone wanting to own a blackberry 9650 bold, do not hesitate.  Seller is top of the line.  Customer service is best.  The phone is unlocked very easily if not received unlocked it could just be a slight error.  I have experienced the best customer service from both Amazon and Masterdeals.  Will shop again.  I love it.  Looking forward to brouse in your area.  Thaaaanks .  Ruth.

good morning friend thank you very much for your services recbi my Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (Black) in very good condition

In Network settings, change to GSM and it will work on quadband. I had the same issue and I got it fixed this way..HTH

I got it through my employer for work. It is difficult to use. The screen is too small to read or navigate comfortably. The controls are confusing. It frequently freezes up while attempting to load a web page and there is no way to abort other than pry the battery out. Then it takes 10 min to reboot. This phone is a piece of sh!#.

The phone was in excellent conditions , works very well , we did not have any problems with SIMS cards .

It is great, easy to use and quite portable as it fits in the breast pocket of all my shirts. I have set the morning alarm to wake me up everyday at 6:00 AM and turned off at 1:00 AM every morning to allow me sleep without any disturbance. I schedule my appointment dates in it. In fact, it acts as a mini computer for me since I am able to check my e-mails and also internet services where ever I find myself. It keeps me busy when idleling around by reading a variety of things ranging from news to international events.  Of all the cell phones I have had this is the best so far. When I put it on speaker I am able to multi task while still talking to the person at the other end.  Over all it is a good piece of material I have ever acquired.

I received this item in a timely manner and must say that was the only good thing about purchasing this phone. to begin with, this was suppose to be a gift and when i open the box the phone and its accessories were wrapped in plastic that seem to be old and torn. i further examined the contents and noticed i got 2 phone chargers and no ear piece, which i must say was very disappointing for me. i also noticed minor scratches on the back of the phone. im now hoping that the phone itself if not damaged!

Phone was listed as new, was not new after spending over 8 hrs on the phone with 3 different verizon techs had to abort and reactivate an old Iphone.

hello friend you catalog with that many stars since 9650 and ordered 2 phones one came totally damaged that are used but not broken all the housing is destroyed I wonder if you can do something with that I would like to place a comment negative about you on the Amazon site

excellent the phone is the same as the feature photo exposed by the same seller only bad thing is that the phone only comes in English there are no options to change language but works very well in Venezuela ah and other details do not buy USB cable : (

LO LAMENTABLE ES QUE TARDO 10 DIAZ DESPUES DE LA FECHA PREVISTA, VINO CON LA MARCA VERIZON, Y LA VISTA EN LA PAGINA NO LA TIENE. NO LEVANTA 3G VENEZUELA, MOVISTR EDGE Y MOVILNE EDGE EN ALGUNAS ZONAS OTRA NO FUNCIONA, DE RESTO, DENTRO DE LO ESPERADO.

Good phone for the price really enjoy it and recommend it to everyone who needs a good cheap phone thx

el telefono cumple con las caracteristicas expuestas por el vendedor, ademas vienen con todas las aplicaciones descargadas, listo para introducir el chip y usar.. muy bueno. desd venezuela

i bought two of those 9650, when they arrived the phones seem to be ok! but the baterry was on awful conditions! one of them don't even work! i'm from venezuela so i had to buy one battery over here cause shipping take so long!

good afternoon;I purchased the product is not equal to that appears on the page, it is not the same in specifications. for that quality I sort of suck at selling.

My disgust is why I bought this cel came according to 3G and is that for any of the operators for 3G Works Venezuela, besides the two teams are used pedi and I came again and also a bad battery, Too bad Sellers are, do not come back to buy.

I have had the BlackBerry Bold 9650 for about 6 months, and have had no problems with it. Let me give a quick overview of all of the amazing features this phone comes with...1. The screen resolution is amazing, crisp, clear, and sharp.2. The App world comes packed with thousands of useful app's, many free.3. The notification inbox is extremely handy and easy to navigate.4. Messaging and E-mail integration is very easy, and works seamlessly.5. Operating 6, (which is what is installed on this phone) is wonderful; everything is very easy to navigate through and easy to find.6. The internet browser is fast (with 3G), easy to use, and is set up so that frequently visited and favorite sites can be quickly accessed.7. Phone Speed is very fast, and really has no lag.

Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)estoy super molesta,mi ultima compra fue una completa estafa&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;

I bought a new phone and received a phone repaired, I did not like, but because of travel I could not return it to the store

I am having problems with my phone batteries. one discharge verry quickly and the other wont turn on.How are you guys going to fix this issue?Ilive in Jamaica.

First came with Verizon logo, it's ok but then when SIM card was inserted asked mne for the Verizon unlocking code ???? So I have to go and pay extra to unlock it because was not. Flash form camera is not working at all. No advisable to buy to this provider, not Amazon standards that we like

I am from Argentina and was afraid the phone woludn't work, but it does PERFECTLY!I love it! Its everything I'd expected!It has everything u would expect in a blackberry smartphone:textingbbmessengerinternet accesscamera / videocameraEveruthing!I LOVE IT!

This product is terrific and has wonderful effects and when i bought this for my sister she loved it. I love this phone.

I paid for a Blackberry 9650 NEW USD 163,49  and I received one used phone.  The battery was damaged.  I had to buy a new battery to turn it on. Delivery time was perfect, but the quality of the content leaves much to be desired.I live in Venezuela and why take so long to do product reviews

I love it because is a great computer and is was what i expected it is working exelent and i am so happy

This blackberry was the wrong one. 0 camer so was very disappointed and ended up having to give it away. Waste of money.

excellent product good definitely had some wine with perfect conditions Descricion works very wine I'm from Venezuela gsm unlocked and tested and works fine with movistar and Movilnet well with 3.2 megapixel camera charger data cable box manual cd with serious comes from the company especially recommend sprint buy blue electronics as a salesman at best are other vendors that do not meet this if .the very fast shipping 10 days I had it in my hands does not require activation as much say it works perfectly in the country had my doubts and thank God everything went well there is a camera that comes without vercion is cheaper this hill 276 us . I leave my contact pin 3218b7ca

the phone arrives without back cover  almost complete and the phone was not new the phone was used with scratches

A very nice cellular phone unblocked which can be used with any carrier that I will choose for my own needs

Nice reliable qwerty handset. Lack the razmataz of the new generation phone, but does almost everything. Camera is weak

The phone is locked on internet and am failing to recharge using *113*scratch card number#. kindly assist with the process i can use to unlock it..........

this phone came with many flaws is not very good quality to the first month of use and I had it from an authorized to review it fell off keys with only three months of use is totally a fraud not recommend

When i bought this phone, the review noticed it was a brand new phone. But i find out it was used and it has been refurneshed.

this phone works great it has like 4 scratches but minimal one its hard to notice! Im very pleased with this purchase!

Probably not the best Blackberry for everyone, but it has good basic features, although somewhat slow to work. Let's say 3 star out of 5

Good night. I write to inform of my disappointment on receiving my Blackberry 9650 that i bought in Amazon a few weeks ago in your store, it never take the phone battery charge!!!! I Spent money on your store thinking everything would be fine and it was not!!!EL TELEFONO ES USADO, ESTA RECONSTRUIDO POR DENTRO, ES UNA FACHADA, POR FUERA ESTA CON SU CARCAZA NUEVA PERO POR DENTRO ES VIEJO, SU PIN NO ES EL MISMO QUE INDICA EN LA CAJA. LA BATERIA NO SIRVE NO AGARRA CARGA.

Phone works and is in the condition advertised, but it looks like it was assembled from parts. Faceplate says Sprint and it's a Verizon phone. Inside battery says it's a 9630. I ordered "expedited shipping" - didn't know that window was 12 days - don't pay to expedite. If it was shipped on the day I ordered it - or even the next day - I would have received it 4 days 3-4 days sooner.

I bought this as a gift for someone. After one day the tracker pad stopped working ..A gift for some one  Living outside the USA makes it even more frustrating

Overall I'm pleased with what I have received. Honestly speaking, I made a brave attempt to buy this product even after seeing negative reviews but after receiving the product I realized what people are complaining about.Here is my take on this: At about 180$ if you receive an unlocked outdated model with few issues which can be fixed very easily then I would still call it a great deal. Life is a game of adjustment !!! and I actually bring into practice each and every time...I faced only 2 issues with phone:1) The battery door was old, appeared to be used2) The wall charger was not working.I replied to seller and he promptly sent replacement parts for above things.Many people receive the phone unlocked and think that just inserting the SIM card should make it work for GSM, if the phone does not works or if they see Activation Required message then they start complaining. Even in worst case, the phone is locked you can get unlock code on-line from free to about 30$ (it all depends on the urgency). On this I would say, the seller is good enough as they send me the unlock code when asked for. After unlocking, I easily switched to GSM and removed the activation required message.For any help please type in following in youtube:"How to Unlock Blackberry Bold 9650 Unlocking Remotely by Code Verizon AT&T; T-Mobile | CellUnlock.net""disable activation required Blackberry storm 9500 9530"

This phone was purchased for a friend and there are absolutely no complaints. The item came very quickly and has met up to the expectations. Thanks a million on behalf of my friend!

blackberry 9650 bold, this product did not work. I brought the phone thinking it was a new phone but is is refurbish. it not working.rip off

Good night everyone.I'm from Uruguay, I have family in the US and i want to purchase a Blackberry.I've got a couple of questions.Is this phone refurbished or new?is it unlocked so I can use it in Uruguay with no problem?Please answer it asap.

I've bought this product to be used in Guatemala, Central America, it never worked with the local carriers. It makes calls with no issues, but the internet never works as it must. No social network, no Blackberry messenger, the connection falls every second. I was informed by the local carriers that Verizon phones do not work in national network. I've searched on the web everything to solve the issue, but I could not find anything. I do not recommed this phone to be used in Guatemala due to the fact it is not gonna work the way it must do it. although it says is unlocked, it is not the whole true.

DESPUED HAVE RECEIVED THE PHONE, THE THIRD WEEK Deno SCREEN IS ONE OF THEM. HOW DO I DO NOW? PAY THE REPAIR FOR A NEW TELKEFONO.

The product received was not what i had ordered and it wasn't what was advertised. At this point the phone is of no use to me because, i ordered an unlocked phone and i cant use this because its not compatible with my network.

el celular llego con el sello de garant&iacute;a violentado o mejor dicho sin dicho sellos, con la parte superior de la carcasa partida, con rasgu&ntilde;os en la parte inferior donde va la bater&iacute;a. y pr&aacute;cticamente compre este blackberry como nuevo y llego fue uno re-potenciado o de segunda mano

It was working when I turned it on, but it only lasted a few minutes LITERALLY. However, the customer service was pretty good. They gave me the refund right away, which was why I gave it two stars, instead of one star. It is all good.

This phone is advertised as unlocked. That's why I bought it. It arrived as locked. I didn't want to spend extra money unlocking it is so I had to return it. Got a Nokia lumia for the same price

i am happy wthi my new celular is very good and wonderfull, i receive good is it fine, recomend this sender

It has been a problem since the first day. At the beginning I have to purchase a new charger. Now the battery went dead. It seems it is not a new item. I&#8217;m very disappointed with this purchase.

It's a very nice phone, i received it in the condition that i expected. The programing was a little tough with Verizon, and plus i was on hold for like 5 hours and i was really hungry and had nothing to eat at the house and really wanted some jack in the box. But anyway Very Nice Phone.. Works Great With My Business :)

The description of this product clearly states that it is an unlocked phone.  However, when the phone arrived it was evident that it was locked to Verizon thus making it useless to me as I needed it for international travel.  I am disappointed in both Amazon and Lucky Electronics for cheating their customers in this fashion.

This phone has given me issues from day 1.  The battery dies every two hours and the phone does not work well.

Received a 9630 with no WIFI which is the only reason i bought based on the description. The product condition was great. I just received the wrong product. I am out of the country and the phone is absolutely useless to me without the WIFI

its a good smartphone with camera 3.2, its has a good sistem operative, its unlocked that is good, its good

this phone surpassed my expectations it was delivered to me on time.... i love it  amazon has done a great job, it had other stuff i it that i never imagined it would have come with.

good cellphone for the basic activities, like bbm. twitter or facebook, but don't expect it will be smooth all the time...

Great product, only downfall it was not unlocked. Minor problem, seems to be locked in with verizon. In excellent condition and have been using for almost two months with no problems or drops on my part.

Received on time and it is working well. The packaging was good.i hope it does not develop issues in the near future

I bought an unlocked version of the blackberry, but it does not come with an instruction how to do it and ended up I need to go to the web to purchase the unlocked key, which cost me another $20. Currently, the phone only can use on 2G where I am using a 3G sim card.

me siento totalmente decepcionada de estos productosel blackberry es verizon pero viene en una caja blanca sin logo de blackberry, sin manuales sin cd ni cable usb!que robo

The provider promotes a product is fully unlocked and comes with online lack built-in extra comes without batteries and the back cover, buy a phone totally incomplete and different from the descriptions they give you, do not recommend it, not take risks with this provider. .

Es un enga&ntilde;o, el anuncio dice claramente que es liberado y no es cierto, el telefono no funciona, no reconoce la sim card. No lo recomiendo ni al vendedor ni al producto. Exigo una solucion, o me envian un telefono nuevo garantizado que si funciona o me devuelven mi dinero.is a fraud, the advertisement clearly states that is unlocked and not true. The phone does not work, does not recognize the sim card of any operator, I demand solve the problem, or send me a new phone guaranteed if it works or my money back.

It Was an international gift to sent to ECUADOR for Christmas and it works perfectly over there. PERFFECT! U totally recomend it

The battery provided is not good.There is no warranty on the battery. No manual provided. USB cable is also not provided.

After I bought this product, I was not able to use internet or blackberry messenger with my local service provider CLARO in Guayaquil, Ecuador, Southamerica. Then I learned that not all blackberry phones, although being unlocked, work with all providers. In my country , CLARO (the company who provides service to the mayority) does not work with smartphones made for Verizon or Sprint. You should buy one made for AT&T. It is a problem of compatibility, you will be able to make and receive calls, but no internet or bb messenger. Happily I bought my cell from a serious company (Orderdirect), and right now they have exchanged my phone with one I can use. Hope to receive the new one in a few days.

Okay I spent my well-earned gift card my boss blessed me with on this phone...I am disappointed because I purchased this item and just received the blackberry. Apparently this blackberry was not the Blackberry I was expecting as I thought I purchased one with "3MP Camera" and...the one I got does NOT have a CAMERA! I am not a happy person right now,I email OEM shop hoping this was an error...I hope it is I will gladly return the phone back to their facility (standard shipping at that) in hopes they send me the correct phone with an ACTUAL 3MP CAMERA as advertised. If they feel they sent me the correct one well sadly I will need to tell them I want my refund and will take the appropriate protocol to return the item and get credited for this. I will keep you all informed on how OEM handles this.

The product came completely different from what I ordered. I live in Brazil and bought an unlocked cell phone and now I got home I discovered that the phone that you guys gave me is blocked. Now I can not use it

I purchased the black berry for a friend and she loves it. It just took a little getting used to and every thing works great

The product was fully functional, it had minor scratches as would be expected from a used phone. However, the charger that came with it was not a blackberry charger and did not work. I need a charger.

It's a great phone unless you compare it to iPhone... I loved it for a while mainly for business purposes like fast e-mail and messaging. The other features like camera, calendar and etc were rather difficult to use, not as easy. Then also it would crash ones in a while when I start one or the other application... It has its pluses like the beautiful sleek design and the screen, but it also has lots of minuses as well. Needles to say, I have switched to an iPhone. I am super happy now. Never even knew - what the heck took me so long, should have done it sooner. But I know there are some Blackberry lovers out there. This phone performs well up to the point you start comparing it to the iPhone...PS. I noticed that many people placed their 1 star review to this phone simply because they had a bad experience buying this phone from some of the "bad" sellers here on Amazon. This is completely unfair. The phone is more like 3-4 stars. It DOES have a camera. I don't understand why some people say they received their Blackberry without camera in it. They should probably read the exact description of the item more carefully. Because if you do buy it "used", then you have to pay very careful attention to that item's particular description. Every seller is supposed to give a detailed description.

the tittle says everything, i purchased this because it was supposed to be unlocked and is not! i am not able to use it where i am now....

Good MorningI made a purchase of a Blackberry Bold 9650. This came to Venezuela without the front bottom cover (where the mark of the carrier should be) and now the keyboard keys are stuck, all this in less than a week of use. Please let me know what should I do to resolve this situation as I was buying a new phone but you gave me a broken one.

It functions as other talked about, the heating up of battery during browsing or calls. the 3 G works well with some network providers but in the end its really great. I pit the battery short life span.I love it pairs well with playbook sometimes you can even watch a movie.

un articulo en buen estado como nuevo fue totalmente un placer haberle comprado a estos vendedores sin mas que decir lo recomiendo 100% con los ojos cerrados.

good afternoon, it buys bb 9650, unblocked and it was not unblocked, perdi the money of the purchase, this was a sale false, gustaria to know to me if by chance the codes tendran med

I am very interested in buying this smart phone, I need to know if possible to repair the camera? could someone help me with my question?

Junk..says its unlocked and can use with att but you can't no matter how many codes you put in it...my sin was disappointed, never buy from them again

I received the phone and it was clearly locked to Verizon. Waste of money with the title clearly stating it is unlocked.

bought the phone and shipped it to be used abroad but the owner has had to get another phone as scrolling was a huge problem, kept dialing while scrolling and texting was also a major issue ...was a total waste of money.....too bad cant return it as it would have cost me more just getting it shipped back...for now, just a worthless piece of plastic lying around the house.

I bought this phone for me, but my son (whose birthday is coming up) really liked it so....HAPPY BIRTHDAY! He loves it and has been constantly discovering new features on it.  It made his week!

Got this for a friend. I believe it works fine. There wasn't any complaints so I guess it worked in their favor.

El celular no esta; liberado, cuando arranca se muestra Verizon Wireless y en la pantalla donde debe aparecer en nombre de mi operador Local, me dice "Requiere activacion".The CellPhone is not Unlocked. when you turn on appears Verizon Wireless and on the screen where you should see the name of my local operator says "activation required"I can not use this cellphone here in my country, Venezuela.

Buenas noches, me comunico con usted porque el telefono me llego, pero me pide un codigo de liberacion como es posible que yo compre algo que diga que esta liberado y cuando llega a venezuela se presenta este problema, por favor necesito soluciones

BUENO LA ATENCION DEL VENDEDOR FUE EXCELLENTE NOS RESOLVIO ALGUNAS DUDAS SOBRE EL PRODUCTO, LO UNICO MALO FUE QUE EL TELEFONO DECIA DESBLOQUIADO Y NO FUE ASI, TUVE QUE BUSCAR ALGUIEN QUE LO DESBLOQUIARA PARA USARLO EN MI PAIS, DEL TELEFONO TODO ESTABA PERFECTO.

I bought this phone for my niece and she likes it. she says everything about it is good and no regrets. I would recommend it to my brother.

Phone not fully. Unlocked.  Took 5 hrs over 4 half-days together up email and gain access to internet  Phone functionality difficult to find in online manual.  Should conduct usage tests.  Phone quality. Seems high.

I received this phone without camera, and in the specifications says clearly "smartphone with 3MP Camera". How can it be posible?? I only want a phone with similar characteristics than the description...

I write because I made a purchase of a mobile phone blackberry 9650 on January 19, 2012 reaching east to Venezuela in March, I have with the cell just three months and already it does not work! I sent an email to the seller ROSS CELLULAR and they told me that only receive returns up to 18 days after the sale and came after me 2 MONTHS!, I find it irresponsible of the seller and AMAZON for selling a product that does not work, I make my investment, I waited patiently for 2 months now the phone does not work, I would be grateful to meet my claim promptly and failing my money back or replace me by a new cell phone.Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)

I was very disappointed! I returned it! yet to receive credit!! I could not retrieve voicemail messages, as it kept asking for code for verizon and it showed verizon as the subscriber but I was very specific when ordering it that I had Tmobile and I didn't know I could not get text with pics -

this phone is the worst in less than 2 weeks its not working battery is soft, charging port not working HATE IT it was a used phone according to professionals

I got the two phones on time, and they are the exact phones that I ordered.  I had a small problem with one of the phones. I ordered two unlocked phones, but one of them was not properly unlocked. The keyboard was still locked when I got it, so I had to pay an extra fee to get it unlocked properly.It is now unlocked and working okay.  Other than that mishap the service was okay.How I konw about Amazon a friend of mine purchase his blackberry from you

el celular es de segunda mano, fue reconstruido y el cargador no servia. quede muy decepcionado de esta tienda tendre mas cuidadoso a escojer la tienda a la cual hare mis compras...

for the price i paid im extremly happy with the phone. i knew it wldnthave a camera but big deal i dont care about that. it came as if it was brand new condition. the charger they sent sucks but i have a million blackberry chargers so it wasnt a big deal. i use it for tmobile

las especificaciones indican que el equipo trae camar y me llego uno sin camara ademas que no reconoce mi tarjeta sim la cual ya est&aacute; en un blackberry

Just great except for no camera. which we didnot. See cuz we did not pay attention to this description when we were purchasing and looking

i've owned many blackberry's and the price and delivery on this one was good. But, to this day i can't get the &#34;activation required&#34; message to go away and cannot get my email on it. It also won't update my profile and Consistantly tries to reach out to Sprint and not my carrier. i would not buy from this seller, personally, again.

I don't care how many new phones they put out! The BlackBerry is by far the best for every day use.

The keyboard is very good. It was a bit heavy compared to other BB. I did not like numbers shown in red. It makes it difficult to see them. In Argentina I was unable to use 3g. As per what I was  able to find out, problem came from the gsm/umts system shown in the BB. I was told that not being pure gsm (gsm/umts) created problems to recognize thus being unable to use 3G.

ITS V E R Y  N I C E  CELL PHONE  I  L I K E D . . T HANKS

Good morning estimates, serve this to let you know the trouble for bad service acquired preted as a cell phone and they sent the same request CDMA and GSM me, it seems incongruous in this action because product specifications do not say CDMA nothing, understand that human error could be however this resulted in me that I could use the computer to any of the existing operators in Venezuela, please ask me ASAP solvent this situation.

The phone was a great deal I made.  The price was excellent and the conditions of the equipment too.  It works fine.

I could not use the phone because it was not unlocked. Im here for study and planning to go back home, would have like to get a phone that, I can use everywhere, but unfortunately, it was not the case. I returned it and got refund.

We are really happy with this purchase, one of the best deals we have this quarter of year, commitment to buy again.Thanks for your good service

I gifted this phone to my brother in India and it is not working.It showed it was GSM but turned out to be CDMA and internet is blocked.Very disappointed.

believe that is was unlocked and that is and was not the case, it is only useable with sprint and was still tied to sprint under a phone number and name of a person.  I have not been able to get it unlocked.

I HAD ORDERED FOR 9650 WITHOUT CAMERA UNLOCKED PHONE AND I RECEIVED 9630 LOCKED PHONE WITH CAMERA...THE PHONE IS ALSO FAULTY AS THE KEYPAD LIGHT IS NOT WORKING AND ALSO THE LED INDICATOR IS ALWAYS ON...

I bought this phone and gave it to a friend as a gift...they love it and haven't had nothing but praise as to the features of this phone

i choose it, because i like it , and i recommended everyone to get one of this or better.and also .  . .

I did an excellent purchase about, a great phone and the best and faster shipping!Im from Venezuela and it works perfectly with 3G network, just teel to H&P; that provides a 1,2 and 6 bands for Movistar cause bands 1, 4 and 8 just works with Digitel

They are really nice! I will definitely recommend anyone to buy them. It's worth more than the price. Thank you!

This company has also gone by the name of "Cell Lounge" and, why they have great customer service, the products they sell as "New" are anything but. Over the course of my dealings with them, I had 3 different devices in my possession (unacceptable phone, not unlocked, etc) and one thing was for absolute certain; NONE OF THEM WERE NEW. If you are okay with rolling the dice and trying to get a phone that will last until you are eligible for an upgrade on your carrier, then take a chance. But if you are looking for a "new" and longer lasting phone (at least 2-3 years) than do not buy a phone online....from any company, in my opinion. They are NOT new. There was a distinct discoloration on all of the white screens on the last phone that I had through Cell Lounge (now a name change) and then it flipped out and would not re-boot itself at all, rendering it useless. But I will say that this company knows full well that they are peddling inferior products and are willing to replace or refund your money. So, if you are willing to take a chance on an online phone purchase, try these guys because if/when the phone stops working properly, they will refund your money (or replace it, should you want to try AGAIN.) That is why I gave them a "2-star" instead of a 1-star (due to defective merchandise).

I feel cheated. these gentlemen offer a new product that is actually a Chinese imitation.the box, and the user menu, and so also the details of manufacture.the phone works with flaws such as earpiece volume.The keyboard has a dreadful lighting, and the main key is faulted.I live in Uruguay, and received this purchase very impotence.

Es increible como puede jugarse con la buena fe del comprador. Estos vagabundos deue&ntilde;os de OEM SHOP realmente llegaron al limite delictual. Oferta enga&ntilde;osa: nunca dicen que los telefonos no son nuevos, comoi en efecto NO LO SON. Ofrecen un telefono con camara de  3 Mpx y NO TRAE CAMARA. Ofertan un producto "nuevo" y no viene en la caja original de BLACKBERRY, y de paso no esta desbloqueado. Tomare als acciones legales pertinentes en USA. Exijo de Amazon, empresa intermediaria y portal de compras la colaboracion necesaria para la devolucion inmediata del dinero pagado pro esta basura que me han enviado. Asi mismo agradezco me hagan llegar via email, los pasos necesarios para la devolucion inmediata de esta mercancia en virtud de sentirme estafada.

i love it coonnect me with other dreamers and see greatness within myself. even when other people dont see,met your expectations.

EL PROVEEDOR ES UN ESTAFADOR Y LIBERTY  NI SE DIGA DOS MESES A LA ESPERA DE ESTE POTE QUE ES UNA IMITACION HECHA EN MEXICO. SI PUDIERA DEVOLVERLO LO HARIA

these phones are used and have details without box, boots are not original, in the description says new ethics that little deceiving the buyer, not recommended

I purchase this item to sent to jamaica and phone was not unlock properly.Have to pay $4500 ja dollar to unlock phone properly.

I choose 5 stars because the phone looks quite nice and has more accessories than I expected. I highly recommend this company to those that want great service.

I got it for my cousin and he is so happy with the phone. I'm really happy with this purchase , I will love to buy another one .

I love this phone , had a blackberry 9700 before since I got this am still wondering why I ever thought it was better than this

hi dear.. The phone is okay. but the charger does not work. otherwise than that problem i love it. its cool

That phone acomplish my expectatives, because it  is fast and works perfect.Its good for me. I like it so much

I ordered this phone, advertised as a GSM unlocked cell phone, sold by "UnlockedCellPhoneKings". The phone is intended for use in the Philippines. The phone, with Verizon trademarks, is clearly a LOCKED phone,  as my T-Mobile SIM would not work when inserted in it.  Very disappointed. Items in the box were even marked used and "as it is".  UnlockedCellPhoneKings can not be trusted. My consolation-Amazon customer rep was overly gracious!

It wasnt unlocked which was the whole purpose of buying it and now I cannot even return it so I have to eat 100 plus dollars.

We had to send this back as it would not work on our Verizon service.  It is advertised as unlocked for GSM.  What it did not say is that it was locked for CDMA phones and cannot be unlocked except for a specific carrier.  We needed it to work for our Verizon service, but the one they sent was locked for Sprint.  There should be a place on the form to indicate what service you would like to use the phone on, so they can pick the correct CDMA for your particular network.  Or explain the differences between GSM and CDMA.

Arrived just on time and, for the moment, works ok. I'm from Argentina and work perfectly ok with my cell company. It's totally unlocked as advertised

works like a charm  and best deal on the market thanks brother! GSM network couldnt get any better. I definitely will shop again.

venezeuela live'm disappointed I just got the phone and has no camera, as it is possible that the announcement indicates that there is no camera and so ..

I used to have one of this and it is an good product, this new one is also a very good product.

Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal) by BlackBerry RIMComo es posible que envien un telefono RECONSTRUIDO Y SIN CAMARA 3MP que estafa de verdad!!!... PUBLICIDAD ENGA&Ntilde;OZA!!!, LLEGA EN UNA CAJA BLANCA PIRATA, SIN AUDIFONOS, SIN TARJETA DE MEMORIA,SIN MANUAL DE USUARIO,  EL TELEFONO NO LLEGO PROTEGIDO, RAYADO!!!! es una basura de telefono impresionante...!!!! y que THE OEM SHOP NO RESPONDA A SUS CONSUMIDORES ES INEXPLICABLE COMO GENTE ASI PUEDE VENDER POR AMAZON... TIENEN QUE PROTEGER A LOS CONSUMIDORES!!! REPRESENTANTES DE AMAZON NO DEJEN QUE GENTE ASI ABUSE DE LAS PERSONAS... ESTOY MUY MOLESTO!!!! THE OEM SHOP SON TAN ESTAFADORES QUE LES SOLICITE ANTES QUE LLEGARA EL PRODUCTO LAS ESPECIFICACIONES ESCRITAS POR PARTE DE ELLOS... Y ME ENVIARON UN LINK DE UNA FOTO POR LA PARTE FRONTAL... NO INCLUYERON LA FACTURA EN LA CAJA OCASIONANDOME RETRASOS EN EL ENVIO... APARTE NO ENVIARON EL TELEFONO EN LA FECHA ESTIPULADA... ESTAAAAAAAAAFAAAAAAAAAAAAAA..!!!!!Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal)

this item was way more not what was stated,am so vex now that i bought it and cant do nothing about it,its like i wase my money

El envi&oacute; fue r&aacute;pido y excelente, pero no estoy a gusto con el equipo me siento defraudada!!!!!!1) Es cierto que el equipo esta liberado pero este equipo nevega en 3G para tecnologia CDMA y en 2G para tecnologia GSM, cosa que no aclaran en la publicaci&oacute;n.2) Por otro lado me llamo mucho la atenci&oacute;n, que la caja y el equipo no tienen por ning&uacute;n lado los seriales, datos de PIN, IMEI y otros que sueles ver en cualquier m&oacute;vil blackberry, de hecho ni en el interior del m&oacute;vil est&aacute;n los seriales!!! Cosa que me alarmo y sinceramente, me hace dudar de la calidad del equipo, la cual, decae al tratar(porque aun no logro usarlo, dado tantas fallas.3) El tracpack, no funciona bien!!!! baja o sube cuando quiere, no puedo acceder a las aplicaciones,es decir tengo tel&eacute;fono cuando y para lo que el celular lo permite, ni la fecha puedo aun cambiar porque se me hace imposible llegar a las funciones.4) Viene con el idioma INGLES Y FRANCES, se re inicia solo!!!5) La bater&iacute;a NO RINDE!!! (PARA MI ESTA DEFECTUOSA O EL CARGADOR)6) NO LO PUEDO USARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR, EL TRACPACK NO ME DEJA @:Cuando realice la compra, mis expectativas eran buenas, vivo en Venezuela y no es primera vez que realizo compra por este medio,EXITOSAS!!!! pero lamentablemente, esta compra es una total perdida!!!!! Pregunto como solucionamos este caso??? Que paso?????, porque junto a este m&oacute;vil tambi&eacute;n, compre el 9105, y no se me presentaron todos esto inconvenientes (solo el idioma y 3g)Ojala y mi lamentable experiencia, sirva para prevenir futuros incidentes de este tipo, en especial para los compradores (como mi caso) fuera de USA :(

The item listed in this seller's account will NOT be the item you receive.Prepare to receive a LOCKED Verizon Wireless branded phone, that will NOT activate on your carrier.I spent 15 minutes on the phone with Sprint customer service and we could not activate the device.  The tech attempted several different serial numbers, and none of them worked on their system.Unfortunately the seller does NOT have any "replacement" items in stock, so I cannot receive what I ordered and waited on...but the friendly staff at Amazon.com will be able to refund the item's price, and are giving me a return label so I can return this item at no cost to me.Thank you Amazon!You have a alot of 'splainin to do, BluetekUSA!

fine goods in the phone was the max i love it, nice price and conftable  more and more and more

I had to return this product because the speakers were shot.. It was difficult to understand what was being said on the other end of the line, but not impossible. It otherwise worked perfectly.

dont like this  mobil  because i  need  one  code for  unnlock this  celular i need the code spc  and  i have  not

i am happy that i received the phone and it's in excellent condition but i have one complain and that is the charger is not working. this i am disappointed with because i have to purchase a charger and that is extra money that i have to spend. hoping that something can be done about it.thank youdoreen roacher

The Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera is - Very Good - I Like .. ..

Both Cell Stack Came As for damage. The cell or Siquiera caught. We tried the battery in another device and neither worked. Besides the cell was not new but as I said the announcement rebuilt. It was a great disappointment

Buy this item from Amazon store, the phone works well, very well in this regard, but at checkout I chose also attach accessories to the phone, they said all packed together, these elements were: a set of 3 protective film the screen, a car charger game and finally a black rubber protective cover. These elements were unopcional of 25 dollars, I pay with my credit card, now the order came without those elements, whether lost or not what happened, but I cheated!It is the amount of money, lack of accountability that prevents me to buy again from Amazon.

Good afternoon, Yours faithfully, I am writing in response to the product "Blackberry Bold 9650 Unlocked GSM Smartphone wiht 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and Micro SD Slot (Charcoal)", in this sense, I notify you I am dissatisfied with this product, because two things have not used it yet, is in his box, but did not bring the Blast Micro Sd, and also has a scratch on the side where the camera, reportedly suggesting that the phone not new, but they changed the housing, and I feel very sad because this was a gift for my wife who opened it when she did not like, I know what is the mechanism to resend the product and receive one this truly new, or in which case to reimburse me my money.Thank you...

It tell you the phone is unlocked but its not youre gonna have to put it with verizon .They say its just unlocked wronggggggggggggggg it a verizon phone and the phone is gonna tell you activation requiered and unless your have verizon sim card you cannt use it

I recommend this product. I like it bacause is a very good quality . It is an excelent product. A
