
I was very happy when i got this phone, very pretty, but after several weeks of use I hate it.Battery life is like 3 hours using the browser, the sides started peeling a little, crashes like windows me, I'm selling it.I should've bought anything else, this is the last samsung I hope to own, last 2 Samsung phones i had didn't last a year.

Hands down this was the best phone I've purchased when it came out.  I was sick of waiting for the GS2 for US carriers to pick up, so I bought the international version.  In the past I usually swapped out phones in 18-20 months so I wasn't too concerned about a warranty, as I got rid of my phone relatively fast.Anyways that wound up biting me badly.  It's less than 1 year later, and my phone is dead and won't turn on anymore.  It's not the battery, it's not because I flashed it in anyway (it's the stock OS it came with).  I plugged it in one night and it wouldn't turn on ever again.  A few techs looked at it and even tried the recovery micro USB jig to get it to boot to recovery mode, to no avail.  It was dead.  Samsung support said the phone is a European (UK) phone with sold via gray market, and thus no warranty.  I'm still a bit annoyed that I'm $660 in the hole less than a year later, but this was a risk that I acknowledged was a possibility.  I guess next time I will maybe buy a squaretrade warranty just in case this happens as a hedge.

i am loving this phone...i wonder how it would play against Iphone 4S. Installation of applications is so blazing fast. screen is at the right size and images are sharp.. it is a fast android. Battery is great too. You can manage how your phone can spend its power by having its own task manager...pretty cool. I made a lot of research before buying the right android for me. It was the right choice!---updating---11.04.2011---i still love this phone. but it cannot get the 4g speed that Tmobile $30 unlimited data(5gb@4g speed) because an issue with network. This is what I have been told. I only get 2g/Edge. Tmobile network is not compatible with it. If you you all users of unlocked Samsung Galaxy i1900 managed to get the 4g network speed of Tmobile, please share info. thanks!!!----updating---11.05.2011--i don't think there is hope anymore.. it does not run with tmobile's 3G/4G.. only with 2G.edge.

I'm from Venezuela. I received the Samsung Galaxy S2 defective, go back key does not work. I paid for a new phone and original. And while the phone does not see the original I want my money back.

So I've played around with this phone for a few weeks now. Amazing product, crystal clear display, android is several generations ahead of the IPHONE and it's way lighter then the IPhone. Just today I went to the att store and they made me a new sim card and we popped it in and voice and text worked fine..One problem, DATA is not working. We tried everything and still couldn't get the data to work. The IMEI number isn't recognized by ATT'S network. I called up ATT Tech support and they couldn't troubleshot it either so they made a ticket to get one of the support engineers to take a look at it.I'm hoping they can get it resolved in a timely manner, fingers crossed. Or maybe someone here has gone through this problem and nows how to fix it.Be appreciated.Overall it's a great phone and I recm a buy on this.**Update**I'm sure I'm not the only one that will run into this problem.. Here is the fix, enables 3G on ATTBut, anyway, here are the settings:Go to Settings/Wireless and network/Mobile Networks/Access Point NamesHit the menu button, then "new APN". The settings are as follows:Name: AT&T; (or whatever name you like)APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blank (Will read: &lt;not set>)Port: leave blank (Will read: &lt;not set>)User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (Not sure if it's case sensitive, but I left it all capital letters)Password: CINGULAR1 (Not sure if it's case sensitive, but I left it all capital letters)Sever: leave blank (Will read: &lt;not set>)MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: [...]MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: noneAPN type: internet+mms

Very short time battery, though the mobile is excellent, it lasts only for 4 or 5 hours without  being in use!!!Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, GPS - No Warranty - Noble Black

At this time this is the best cel phone on the market. Great dual core proccesor, 1GB RAM, internal memory of 16 GB

This is a review based on about 7 months of use.1. Product code says says the coutry code is ROMANIA2. It shipped with android 2.3.3 and i only got one update 2.3.4 (whiles google iterated gingerbread to 2.3.6)3. Its mid april 2012 and i still dont have ICS yet. This is the reason this will be my last samsung phone i ever buy.4. SD card causes phone to reboot sometimes.5. Excellent screen and pixel density is awesome.6. Almost all product on the android market are compatible.7. Apps run like hot knife in butter.8. KIES is a crappy software.8. Camera is A++ on fotos and videos9. Compatible with a lot of Bluetooth hands free.10 . Top notch wireless and tethering.11. Touchwiz UI is crap.12. Once a lot of apps are loaded, expect tI am giving this a 3 star because of the whole update procedure, officially Samsung announced the update to ICS in mid march but a whole month down the line, i am still waiting for ICS

I fave a lot of problems with this phone. First the sound is not working, you have to pres on the bottom of the phone to heard the sound. Second the screen is creak from the first day. The conclusion, the  phone was not new. 270 $ for a piece of crap.

It's a good smart phone. The only thing I have found wrong with it is that the phone itself will freeze up if you have multiple applications up (5+). If you want to multitask, this probably isn't the phone for you. Also, the speaker in the back started to grow fuzzy about two months after I initially started using it as my main phone, about 3 months after getting it.

If I have a 4G sim card from Tmobile (USA), would this unlocked version work on Tmobile's 4G network? Sorry I didnt know where else to ask.

Equipo excelente! Anda muy bien con Movistar Venezuela.S&uacute;per recomendado... Interfaz intuitiva, finos acabados, cientos de aplicaciones gratuitas, r&aacute;pido, navegador web como si estuvieras en una PC. M&aacute;s que satisfecho con el producto!

Got the Galaxy s II 2 weeks ago. Delivery was relatively fast. Phone comes with Spanish of the shelf and not English. A few clicks later found the English menu and then 2 days later finally got the hangs of it. It's now Hebrew enabled but not perfect, numbers in Hebrew sentences are reversed. End to end its a cool phone, but doesn't give a finalized sensation for it's price (but hey I'm new to Android!). It worked on IL Cellcom with no problem what so ever. Battery finishes after a day of heavy use or two days of no use.Cheers Amazon!

Best phone of the year.I wish I had a more powerful battery, though, but oh well, I abuse of it everyday, so it makes sense it doesn't last long.

Cheap, not as fluid as iPhone. Save your $ and get the original touch screen phone, you will not regrete

Before purchasing this phone, I'd read many reviews, most of them positive.  I've had the phone for three weeks now, and can say that the reviews were right on.  No complaints - but I must add that there are many features I've not used yet, because the rates on my AT&T; pay as you go are too high.  Will wait till I return to India and and unlimited data plan to really use the phones features.Many people have complained about battery life.  My experience has been that when the phone is used just to make a few calls, add tasks, look up dates, run the calculator, etc. the battery will last 4 or 5 days.

I cannot update the android version because the firmware is not compatible with Samsung Kies. Any suggestion to help me?

Words can not describe... Though this is my first foray into Android, this phone is simply amazing.The quality and ability to handle any task I throw at it, is unparalleled. In some respects it performs better than my AMD Turion X64 Notebook!The screen is gorgeous.The camera quality is superb. Slight focus issues when moving in 1080p though.The audio is nice and pristine.The media playback is bar none.The wireless connectivity is sublime.Truly the best phone on the market, to date!

It's everything I heard about and much more. I just started to discover all the functions and feel me very confortable with it. Thinking I had a very different product before that work with symbiam system. Change for Android made me confuse for a while, but it's very easy to learn how to work with it. I recomend.The only negative point. The battery duration. It was gone in one day after to recharge it. Of course I was having a heavy use of it learning everything I need to know it better.I am satisfied with my new smart phone.Thanks, Kevin!

As for the actual product review, I believe by now you get the jist. This is a phenominal phone! Every positive thing written about it is absolutley true! I would like to comment on the phones reception. I live and work on a camp in east africa. Cell phone coverage here is a complete joke. First, taking a new phone out of the box and having it already unlocked is a HUGE bonus! Put my sim card in and had no issues.Having just retired my HTC sensation, I am not new to Android smart phones (phone prior to HTC was T-mobiles SII). But being in east Africa, I thought poor cell reception was just the norm. This phone has proven that theory wrong. I get 2 and sometimes 3 bars in areas where I previously had zero bars.In our rooms, the cell coverage is even worse! Last night, the strangest thing happened. My phone rang from inside my room! What a strange thing to hear after giving up on ever receiving a call inside my room!Wow! -This phone is absolutley amazing! I was actually considering the SIII, but I believe I'll be having this phone for a while now! Thank you Samsung!

I contacted Amazon and samsung ...the phone never worked correctly...never received calls would disconnect itself would drop calls after trying to work with all the people involved in this phone i returned it to amazon and lost $63 for restocking fees cause it was after the 30 days

Definitely is the best smartphone ever, it is fast, has a great camera, plays music easier, it takes great pics and do everything you need as a professional. I'm very happy with this phone, I think they have to develop a long duration battery to make it perfect, so this is a problem of every smartphone.

I received my phone 3 days ahead of the stated time.  It arrived in good condition. This  phone does everything that you would expect of a phone and even more.  Would encourage anyone looking to purchase a phone to give this phone and its supplier a chance.

Phone was defective, was told it likely had a firmware/hard drive problem and seemed to be heating up when it locked up.

Hi,All the reviews read in the net are coming true with this phone. I would rate it 5/5 for the features it has.I had a Samsung star 3g phone and this one is a pretty big upgrade for that phone..:-)With the star not giving me even a single problem for the past 2 years, I wanted to stick with the Samsung, and this device has pretty decent reviews ans so wanted to go for it.This phone is really good in- Display- touch sensitiveness- Music play back- weight- height- the build is solid, no creaking sounds...- 1080P video recording kicks Ass...really good recording even in night time.- photos are awesomely clear...- Speaker is pretty decent compared to other phones in the market now.- on and on and on...Battery life seems to be OK...There are many applications running in the backgound even if we stop them. Just has been using this for the past 1 week. so have to find a way to stop them... :-)Real value for the purchase,.... Nice phone after a long time....:-)Arvi

this phone has all the features that i use, but it freezes on me about twice a day. i always have to remove the battery and let the phone cool a bit because it gets hot when it stops working.

The bugs in the S2 make me sick.Here is a list, and it is not complete The battery lasts for 3 hours when browsing or reading with music, 5-6 hours on average. Charging is inefficient: both charger and phone heat up. No charging when reading with the plug in the socket. The battery will run down overnight unless you close apps. After you close apps, do not forget to enable the alarm if you need it to wake up. This thing will randomly reboot on its own. In the process it will ring on a call, the screen stays black, you cannot answer. Auto brightness also blackens the screen as its major function is to avoid overheating. I read that S2 cannot toast a sandwich. This is not true. Just play music and GPS simultaneously. S2 is for Hi Speed connections only. A major download in lower speed areas heats the poor thing to the point of switching off completely. KIES is the software interface to my PC (W7). I bought the S2 two months ago and reinstalled the driver more than 10 times. Tonight one more. The KIES homepage reads: &iexcl;Troubleshoot a connection problem&iexcl; So they know. I travel a lot and carry many pictures. I bought the 32GB memory card. KIES allows you to sync your pics with your PC? Rubbish. KIES cannot handle folders, only files. So your sync mixes everything together in an app called Gallery: your family, your lover, the mosque and the stag party. Just one click away from somebody curious. Then try to drag and drop a folder from the PC to the memory card. Yes? No! The folder is there, but the sequence of your pics runs like: 1-11-130-16-170-19-2-246-26-3- and so on. List by Date Taken? No, S2 only registers the moment of the transfer from the PC. Exasperated, you launch a slideshow and watch your pics in the reverse order of the folder, just to complete the mess. My memory card is useless. A thought for business users. Sync Outlook works except  for Calendar: about 20% of modifications are not synced and S2 cannot handle alerts over time zones. Yes there is a special button, but no, it does not work for alerts. Word and Excel: use Quickoffice or another app, it is a pain everywhere: to type, edit, save and find back your file, serious complications at every step. Consolation prize: once you get it right, sync to the cloud works well.Update: in the last 4 days I had to reinstall KIES 6 (six)timesI find out that a computer technician of HP in Singapore also had the S2 and uses it for games, this is his comment:"my batt only can last about  day only and it will go flat. ...., therefore if I have program at night I will carry a empty batt phone. for the over heating issue is when Im using to play games , it will heat up very easily and the batt die off even faster . But for email sync I've not try because I try to keep my phone as empty as possible to save batt life."Last update: I abandon the party. Bought the Lumia 800If you do not believe me, buy one. This phone is a phony. I am convinced that reviews were written by Samsung personnel to create the buzz. How much did Samsung spend on free gifts to journalists and other Youtubers? All they did is rewrite the company&iexcl;s press releases. If I lived in the USA, I would consult a lawyer to initiate a class action against Samsung for swindle.PS: You care about privacy? Google is about selling ads for anything, Android is the Trojan horse in your pocket. Unfortunately I did not think of this before.

im so happy with my smartphone! the battery still weak for me, but his duration is about 12 hrs... But guys, you have to buy it!

The best phone I ever had. Fast, with a giant screen and an unsurpassed quality. Sharpness, brightness and colors that do not see anywhere else.

I will not write about the features of the phone, I guess anyone reading these reviews already knows what a great phone this is.There were some other reviews complaining about the language of the phone and user manual. My user manual was in Russian. Phone was set to English, but I can't see why some other preset language would a problem. It should not be too hard to select English from the phone menu. User manual is nothing. I mean who uses the phone with the help of a user manual. Power plug was EU type which is better for me since I will be using the phone in Turkey next year.My only concern is not having a warranty, but it is clearly stated in the listing. Nothing to do.Other than these things, packaging was good and phone is awesome.

Without a doubt this is the best android phone available at this point.Positives:Thinnest smartphone and great build quality (some people like htc's metallic build), but this feels great in the hand and boils down to individual preference.Great screen. Super AMOLED plus is one of the best and brightest screen you can get now. Great screen in outdoors as well.Android 2.3.3 - well i don't care much abt this, since i rely on XDA for software updates. But if you don't want to mess with your phone, 2.3.3 is good enough and there will be a 2.3.4 update in the near future (Although don't count too much on it)Dual core processor - Well now a days this isn't that important as we may see quad core phones end of this year. But still dual core phones should be good enough for atleast next 18 - 24 months if you are not looking to change phones frequently.Negatives:Battery life is low, it will last 12 - 16 hrs for moderate use (5 email accounts synced, brightness set to 50%, 1 hr of bluetooth music, web surfing for 3 - 4 hrs). Again this depends on personal use, you may get 2 days or even as low as 6 hrs depending on how you use your phone. This isn't anything particular to this phone but android in general.Overall you can't go wrong with this purchase. Hopefully this review will be helful :-)

Finally I changed my old blackberry Bold. It's incredible the difference between my blackberry and this phone.Pros: very fast navigation, lightweight, awesome screen and video quality, great design and fully integrated with all my google stuff.Cons: didn't find it yet.

Product showed up quickly. Works as advertised. Unlocked phone so no trouble putting in a T-mobile SIM. Worked right away. Electrical plug looks British but comes with a US adapter. GPS, Wifi all work great.

This is my first adventure into a smart phone. I did lots of research reading and decided I wanted a Samsung phone? now what model and price do I want to pay? I am a straight talk customer so I have to purchase my own phone. The biggest problem I had with this phone is after the purchase I found it wasn't intended to be sold in the usa. everything works just fine after a few miner adjustments from the foreign language apps. I also could not register it with Samsung in the usa since it was intended to be foreign sold? haven't had any problem with it and not sorry for the purchase? all I'm saying is if this stuff concerns you better do a little more research into the seller. they probably would have told me if I had ask? I just wasn't smart enough to ask all the questions?

When the Galaxy phone works, it is a nice tool; However, Samsung is very corrupt organization with the way they deal with their customers. Phones like i9100, GT-i9500, and SGH-S730M have no warranties, contrary to what is documented or written in literature. Samsung relies on the companies they sell products through like AT&T, T-Mobile to handle repair issues. I had two other friends with the same i9100 phones, have the phone stop working 2 weeks after it's last software update to 4.1. It appears that at some point in time Samsung sabotages older products via updates, forcing customers to buy newer released products. For repairs on all products not supported by AT&T, Sprint, etc., Samsung product support in the USA will not support these phones and will refer you to Samsung support in other countries. The support in other countries will place you on hold while they &#34;look into it&#34;, then tell you they will call you back. In our experience, Samsung never returns calls. When calling back to support, Samsung support says that the call is escalated to managers via eMail, but you will never receive a call or any action. All Samsung technical support is incompetent as to how their products function. I even went as far as sending my phone internationally to a repair center, which their repair center lied about repairing the phone, returned it NOT repaired, and charged my credit card. Report Samsung corrupt business practices to the FTC (Federal Trade Commission). Reports can be filed on-line at the FTC website.

When i purchased the phone i was amazed with the picture quality of the phone, almost HD pictures and definitely a high quality AMO-LED screen which brightens up any webpage or image more than the iPhone could ever even be capable of doing.Definitely a great purchase and i'd recommend others to buy this phone as well.

Ahh, The Samsung Galaxy S II. Probably one of the most anticipated devices of 2011. A phone that breaks all barriers. One of the first phones of its class, sporting a 1.2GHz dual core processor, 1GB of RAM and a Super AMOLED Plus 4.3 inch touch screen. The phone stocks 2.3.4 Android Gingerbread, and boy does this phone run it good! Phones like the Evo 3D that have similar specs just can't keep up with how good of a phone this is. It has no lag what so ever, no problems with multitasking and just runs everything perfectly.The Screen is just gorgeous, nearly impossible to see pixels, and colors are bright. The phone uses new technology that instead of back lighting the whole screen, it only back lights the parts of the phone that need to be. If half the screen is black and half if blue, then only the blue side of the backlit will shine. Which results in incredible battery and truer blacks.Screen: 9.5/10Next comes battery. Most Androids struggle with battery, especially phones with large screens. This phone has a large 4.3 inch screen, damn fast processor and a ton of RAM, yet the battery is incredible! The phone can last a full day of 'all day long' use. And up to three-four days of just moderate calls and emails with the brightness level at about 65-70 percent.Battery: 9.5/10Now we shall talk about speed! This seems to be *no* problem with the GSII, as its incredible 1.2GHz Exoys processor doesn't lag, jam up or slow you down. Everything is perfect with it and thats why there isn't much to say.Speed/Processor: 10/10Here comes the look and feel of the phone. This phone is the thinnest smartphone in the US. It has a carbon fiber back that is extremely light and makes the phone like air. The phone still feels full and real even though of the thin design. This is also one of the sexiest devices we have seen, the screen, the back everything!Design/Look/Feel: 10/10The camera on the back is an 8MP auto focus point and shoot while the one on the front is 2MP. Usually we only see VGA on the front, so it's great to see a 2MP one. The camera is unreal and zooming is a dream.Camera: 10/10Finally comes call quality. The phone's headset speaker is extremely loud, so even if the person is whispering the call sounds clear and loud. The microphones is also very good so the person on the other end can hear you just as well. We find that the call quality is great, the phone is nice to hold and all an all is great.Call Quality: 9.5/10Overall, this is one of the best phones we have seen and the best device of 2011 so far.Overall: 9.5/10

What can I say that hasn't been said already? This is an amazing cell phone with all of the qualities that we like: fast processing, lots of memory, expandability, and the best display technology available. This is the cell-phone with the kind of "WOW!" quality that will make all of your friends envious. Well done Samsung! My only complaint is that so far, I have been unsuccessful in rooting the cell, but I'm sure that over time this problem will be solved. In spite of that, this cell phone is a breath of fresh air in that it has enough memory and a good enough version of Android to chock FULL of useful apps from the Android Market. I am a VERY satisfied customer! :)

I'm a person who usually changes phones every 6 months or so (sometimes I get bored, other times to try something better). I used to have a Nokia N900 and I wanted to keep that phone for a long time, I was happy with it... That was until my wi-fi antenna got damaged by some water spill, and I stopped having wi-fi internet on it.I decide it to fix it, but to try a new phone. I looked all the models and the SGII was the best I found... And boy, was I right? This is GREEEEAAAAT!!!!!PRO = It's fast, the fastest cell phone on the market, you can have many applications running on the background and still the phone works fast! Many applications to download for free, love Android hehe... Amazing 8 MP camera... I could go on all day..!CONS = The only problem is the battery (if you use it like me!), it'd last only almost through the day. But I bought 2 spare batteries and I'm doing great! ([...])In conclussion, if you have the money and would love the best phone out there, don't hessitate and buy it! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT! :)

This phone is amazing. The design, the screen, the camera. And also the feel of it. It was amazing. The reason I am giving 3 stars rather then 5 ids because one day I was using the video camera and the phone just froze. By the way this phone had no problems before. Well after it froze, I tried everything. Soft reset, hard reset and even took out the battery and charged it, but the phone does not turns on at all. And I mean nothing happens. So I called Samsung and guess what they said. The person who works there told me that the Samsung company in the U.S.A. does not fix international phones and that if I want it fixed I would have to call the company in China. So I decided to take it to a repair shop and they said the same thing. So yeah, great phone and all as long as it works. Once it stops working, its difficult to get it fixed. My advice buy the Galaxy S2, just not the international version.

The SGS2 has met my expectations in regards to device speed, screen clarity and ability to support my software development needs. This device is NOT being used as a daily phone but rather solely for Android Software development (test unit). It's fulfilling my particular needs very well.

A pesar de que la caja no tenia mi nombre llego bien al hotel y el equipo estaba ok aaaa sss dddd

Everything is great except battery life.  Lasts just a day with moderate to heavy use but other than that, pretty awesome.

very good after having a problem and contacting them they really tryed to solve this problem... that was really fast and uncomplicated thank you

The product has advantages bad, it only lasts less than a year. By buying this product as I did to enjoy its benefits and have checked out and was so many, but not tube the time to continue looking at its benefits since arriving at 10 months of use, damage and SGS2 is apparently a defect it has on the micro usb port and it happens when you charge the battery and this is because SGS2 not able to regulate the battery charge and damage the motherboard disabling the phone, so not much any device and reconece a pc, laptop and / or charging device. Well End Try manage Warranty for my country and told me not to be, then I contact customer service from amazon and I indicaro I had to contact the seller for this in turn will manage the warranty with the manufacturer and because burocrocia much preferred writing my experience to take it into consideration for purchase, thank god I spend at this time because I had planned to buy the SGS3 but in view of my dissent chooses to wait another option coming to my country officially to buy and save me this trouble.

I am coming from an HTC desire and I can certainly confirm this one is really a big jump from my previous phone with its 1.2 GHz dual core processor and 1 GB of RAM I never feel any lag on the phone, and its big and gorgeous display makes it the most strongest phone in the market today

Hi guys i just got this phone and i really cant get it to go to 4g its only on E which sucks alot. I have looked under the settings and nothing to do with 4G and i have the T-mobile network. Anyone know how to help me out and make my phone 4G?Thank you in advance.

BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WAS THE WORSE EXPERIANCE I HAD . HE NEVER INFORMED THAT THE PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH 3 OR 4 G , WHY PAY $500 FOR SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY , ANY PHONE WOULD HAVE WORKED WITH EDGE . THE WORSE THING IS THAT HE NEVER HELPS YOU TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM , HE ONLY BLAIMS YOU FOR THE FAULT. NEXT TIME IF SOMEBODY BUYS FROM HIM I SUGEST THAT THEY GO TO SAMSUNG OR T-MOBILE AND STUDY ENGENIERING IN TELECOMUNICATION BEFORE BUYING . THERE ARE A LOT OF PROBLEMS LIKE THIS DUE TO NO ESPICIFIC INFORMATION . REALY I DON'T RECOMEND THIS SELLER TO ANYBODY , LOSS OF TIME , NEGATIVE WITH A BIG N

Catalogado el mejor celular del a&ntilde;o en la Feria de Tecnolog&iacute;a M&oacute;vil en Barcelona el 28 de febrero del 2012. Es uno de los m&aacute;s vers&aacute;tiless smarth phones en el mercado, superando a casi cualquier m&oacute;vil con tecnolog&iacute;a Android. Es veloz, extraordinaria pantalla, colores impresionantes, c&aacute;mara de 8MP, el desempe&ntilde;o de la bater&iacute;a es asombroso. Hace realmente funcional las aplicaciones del Android Market. I love this phone, i love Android.

man the day finally came when i went to the postal office to pick up my new Samsung galaxy s2, the moment i open that box i feel in love with it. don't want any other phone than this. thank you so much.

I've used Symbian (n8), used iPhone (3gs) and others...This (S II) is the best so far, it beats my expectations and I am enjoying it a lot...Might be most people wait for contracts and then get this phone but, I could not wait just got it and felt bad today as the price dropped and that's expected in Electronics especially mobilesI am so happy with the performance and features of this phone that cannot think of any other phone at the moment (read 5)have this phone from 45 days so, can speak about itComplaints: None (can you believe it) - just like any other smartphone heats up a lil bitCompliments: everything from the interface, voice app, slim, sleek, sexy, light weighteverybody just stares at my phone and asks where did u get this s2 ;)am happy and will update this review if I find any surprises ;  hope not)

samsung i9100 galaxy s ii is very light and it's very hard to open the back cover. It destroyed my 2 thumb nails when i opened it. i dont recommend buying and using this phone.

This phone is amazing! I dont have any cons! its perfect!Es el mejor celular que hay! lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones y funciona muy bien! lo recomiendo!

Sencillamente el mejor celular del mercado. Tiene acceso a todas las aplicaciones del mercado android, la mayoria gratis y las que no son gratis se las encuentra por la web. la camara es excelente, la navegacion muy rapida y podes elegir entre muchos navegadores disponibles y los juegos hay para todos los gustos. El gps lo uso con Sygic y funciona espectacular. yo vivo en Uruguay y las calles y numeros son perfectos.Saludos a todos y espero q les sirva el "review".

This phone is awesome, just awesome. I bought mine directly from Amazon.com because i'm afraid to purchase certain products from third party sellers. Received my item yesterday and I just can't seem to put it down. Only problem I'm having currently is that it gets hot with heavy usage. I guess that's because of it's slimness.

This unlocked Samsung Galaxy S II phone does not function on the T-Mobile 4G network in the USA.This is an INTERNATIONAL phone made for the UK/Ireland market.  It supports Quadband GSM/GPRS/EDGE frequencies of 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, and 1900 MHz, only.  Unfortunately, T-Mobile offers only 2G service on any of those frequencies (850 MHz and 1900 MHz).T-Mobile uses UMTS/HSPA/HSPA+ frequencies of 1700/2100 MHz for 4G, and for the future implementation of 4G-LTE (needing both frequencies for uplink and downlink).  This Samsung Galaxy S II does not support 1700/2100 MHz.  Therefore, this phone cannot operate on T-Mobile's current U.S. 4G network.So, while a T-Mobile SIM card does work in it, currently (as of April 28, 2012),  T-Mobile supports this phone at a maximum speed of only 2G.According to Wikipedia, "T-Mobile's LTE network will be rolled out on the AWS spectrum, and their HSPA+ network will transition to the PCS band, in order to achieve compatibility with other networks and phones in the USA."Regarding the 1700/2100 MHz speeds, Wikipedia states that T-Mobile is the "First carrier in the U.S. to deploy services on AWS frequencies. Markets HSPA+ as '4G.' Will be used for LTE in the near-future. UMTS frequency band IV".Further, regarding the 1900 MHz speed, Wikipedia states, "According to reports from users, T-Mobile started to use PCS for UMTS in some areas. Will be expanded during LTE upgrade. UMTS frequency band II."  Relatedly, Wikipedia also shows:  "Band II (W-CDMA 1900) in North America and South America (ITU Region 2)."  Band II (W-CDMA 1900) refers to 1900 MHz.So, hopefully in the future, if T-Mobile has any sense, this "flagship" Samsung phone will work worldwide at 1900 MHz at 4G speeds;  but currently it is stuck at 2G, maximum, when using T-Mobile in the USA.REPEAT:  This Samsung Galaxy S II does not currently work on the T-Mobile 4G network, in the United States!

Unlocked phone sounds great but the phone is not compatible with T-Mobile. It does not run T-Mobiles 1700 band and therefore can not connect with 3 or 4G services. It will only run on the edge platform. Otherwise the phone is great.

I bought this phone here, from Firemall LLC, and the product was delivered very good. The phone itself is awesome, very smooth, very slim (almost like ipod touch 4g), the screen is the best of the world, i mean very bright, very colorfull, black is real black, and excellent for movies, games, pics, etc. The boot process only takes about 5 seconds, thats impressive, i had before other android handsets like Motorola Defy(Good Phone), LG Optimus GT 540, Sony Xperia X10 Mini Pro(Good Too) but this one have no adversaries.

I had a Galaxy S2 for almoust 2 years now and loved it, especially with the new android Jelly Bean. After this lovely phone got stolen on Miami Beach, I ordered this one in expectation to get just the same awesome phone. I didn't. The mobile network connection is awfull, slow and has random disconnects out of nothing (all tested in big cities). The WLAN-connection also just breaks randomly and shows &#34;Error&#34; when the android's trying to turn it on. In addition, the lock screen doesn't shows up at all (although turned on in android) and same with the sub-menu, when you hold the power button pressed on Jelly Bean. That really sucks. The Android Ubdate was also nightmare, because bigger updates over air weren't working at all and Samsung Kies software says &#34;no updates possible with this device&#34;. Sometimes, the phone also gets really hot at the top (probably antenna / modem / WLAN) and the battery dies within minutes. All in all, this was NOT the phone I ordered. Shame on you, GMDS-Wireless (Seller). DON'T BUY FROM GMDS-Wireless!!!

We installed the sim card on this unjlocked phone and the phone would only make and receive about every tenth call or text.  We returned the phone the day after we connected it and ordered a different phone.

I just received one of these beautiful phones from an Amazon listed seller (O*M).  I'm still learning all the in's and out's of the device, and encountering some of the minor bugs you expect to find and to get fixed in later firmware updates.  So I did a little investigating.It turns out that Samsung releases a different firmware update for every service provider in every country!  This tells me a couple of things: 1) some updates will have less priority, depending on Samsung resources and user demand, and 2) updates will tail off rapidly as new products are brought to market - none of this long-term commitment you see with iPhone models.Well, I checked my phone, and it looks like it has firmware from a carrier in Chile.  A wonderful country, but how important to Samsung?I do not regret having bought this phone, so this is just a heads-up.  And maybe it's time for a trip to Chile.

this phone is freaking amazing, i had an iPhone before and i switched to SGS2 and you can't even compare, if you are a tech guy you'll love it.the only down side is on t-mobile it work on edge no 3G  cause of the frequency.other than that, you'll have the wow factor every time your friends see that phone

Best smarthphone, I recomend this product to everyone. Enjoy all your applications from android market. Excelent Visual experience and a great video camera.

Good morning,Estimates come from a Samsung to try to repair the phone and they tell me that this phone is not a Samsung original, is a clone and that the battery is a generic ... besides that here in my country do not have those parts. Refund request for that reason as explained fully in the first email you sent me ....I really feel cheatedThis is the center of my city Samsung: SOLUTIONS SETEMCA cellphones, CA 0251-2552471 / 0416-6563881; Avenue Extension Lions, DC Royal Park, Local PB-11.Barquisimeto, Lara.[...]

great buy got here on time brand new everything was goodthanks you guys the price good too i might get another one

I'm new to smart phones, but this is a fantastic product. Is there a manual that will help me learn how to use all of its capabilities faster? I'm spending too much time trying to figure it out. Also the only drawback that I have discovered is the battery. Can the same quality of battery be used in this phone as the iphone?

Does not seem 'real'. I'm not a tech person, but not convinced this phone is legit. After less than one month the microphone stopped working (unless on speaker phone). The screen pops out continuously causing the phone to malfunction. It periodically shuts down for no reason. Worst part? No warranty. To top it off I just dropped it and cracked/shattered the screen (because it did not function properly in a galaxy S2 protective case- hmm?). I am living and working in Mexico now with no phone. My recommendation? Don't buy.

I just ordered this galaxy s2 i9100 and reiceved it new and in box, it includes headphones, wall charger, USB charger,galaxy s2. I ordered it from wireless everything. I already rooted the phone and installed costume Tom on it. The performance is just amazing..:)

This phone is AMAZING - if you haven't tried one at a local retail store you should to see what it can do.  If you haven't already watched YouTube clips of the Samsung Galaxy S2 YOU MUST!I had my Blackberry 8900 for 5 YEARS - paying $82/month I no longer felt like was getting my money's worth ...slow internet, painfully long start up wait, but the I looooved the battery life.  I needed something that would do everything that my blackberry could do but with faster internet and better camera. (I also needed something I can easily jot down notes with).After months of research my choices were narrowed down to the Iphone 4S and the Samsung Galaxy S2 - both phones are amazing however what really won me over is the bigger screen, lightweight, and SWYPE feature of the Samsung Galaxy S2.Its only downside is the battery life of course, coming from a blackberry it's understandable why I feel the battery life isn't as long as I'd like it to be (nothing like a charged spare battery can't fix!) =)

OMG! Can I tell you how excited I was to get the Galaxy S2 from T-Mobile? I love my phone except on sunny days. Apparently, the screen does not block the sun's glare, so it becomes jet black. It's always sunny in California, so this manufacturer's defect is really interfering with my precious moments. For example, I went to the beach and once again, the screen turns jet black and had to try to find some shade under my hat. I ended up taking pictures blindly. This phone has earned a major downgrade because the screen does not work well under the sun. Yes! The screen on this phone is not glare-proof. I always have to find a shade or wait until I get inside a building. For this reason, I do not recommend this phone. Do not buy it. By the way, I have called various t-mobile stores and they have said they don't carry any glare-proof products.

I have used my galaxy s2 a while, It is really amazing smart phone!Good quality, very thin, much popular, amazing quick, love Samsung product so much!!!

Phone can do anything and everything and requires study by a novice&#34; techy&#34;.  Large screen and great lighting with clear colorsis helpful.  i would like a hard copy manual,which I cannot find.

An iPhone is more like just phone + personal entertainment device, while Android is more like a small PC in a phone. The open system gives you much more freedom with regards to what to install and how you plan to use your phone. I basically chose this model because it offered better hardware features to the iPhone 4S, at a much lower price.So far, I am good with it. It was hard to stop using my iPod 4 (the UI is better in iPhone, I believe), but it was a reasonable compromise to avoid carrying two gadgets.I am impressed with the phone camera quality, even under low-light situations.Battery life is OK, however if you are a heavy user, you might need an extra battery (I bought an additional 2000mAh just in case, but I never need it).

Hello,Overheats to the point that is uncomfortable to have on hand, one can not stick to the ear for the same reason.Rest of the phone is very fast in every way, nice work on its speed.The camera is awesome, takes great, sharp and color perfect pictures.And like all smartphones should note that the battery does not last all, buy an extra battery pack to have.Support for Samsung mobile is very slow and only on weekdays, unlike other houses brand is every day and fast.

I am a smartphone user migrating from Nokia E5 (symbian) now exploring Samsung with Android, perfect hardware/software combination, It's like to carry a mini laptop or mini tablet with you, no limitations on internet navigation, very fast and all you need is there at your fingertips. I would qualified it as perfect, no flaws. Nice piece of engineering.

If you are reading this, you probably know at least from word of mouth that this is THE BEST PHONE available, so I won't work you up in this direction.  Instead, my experience with it:I got the Chilean version, but it is pretty much of no consequence:  Android can be displayed in many different languages, so don't sweat it.  Actually, I believe the phone started up in English (don't remember right now as it has been like 6 weeks now).Out of the box is (at least mine), Android 2.3.3, UHKE2 kernel (the KE2 part is the more important part).  This version is flawed!  In my case, the com.android.google.phone (or something along those lines) process would periodically crash!  Sometimes as fast as 1 or 2 minutes from the last crash.  Some days, on the other hand, would crash only once or twice.  The good news:  You can download the Kies software for PC from Samsung and plug in your phone to the PC.  It will immediately tell you there's an upgrade.  At the time of this writing, the most recent kernel is UHKG7, which is Android 2.3.4.  This kernel fixed the phone process issue.  It also fixes the fact that you must say "Hi Galaxy" instead of "Hola Galaxy" when you configure voice command in Spanish.And speaking about voice command:  It works beautifully!  I use it in Spanish and pretty much understands everything except one thing (and this problem is present in KE2 and KG7):  It doesn't understand "enviar" (translation: send) when you are dictating a text message.  You are therefore forced to click the Send button to complete the text message operation.  And yes, a data connection is needed for this to work, but then again, which one doesn't?  And this is more a question than a rhetorical question because I don't have much experience with voice command applications.Continuing with voice recognition, the KE2 kernel comes with Google Search for your phone, but it doesn't come with Voice Search installed.  If you're in the USA, this probably isn't a problem, as Google Search will direct you to the Voice Search page inside the Android Market for you to install when you hit the microphone button.  BUT, if you are outside the USA, chances are you won't find Voice Search in the Android Market.  Again, the good news is that the KG7 kernel provides Voice Search, so one more bug down.People are very interested in battery life:  It sucks!  But then again, what smartphone with these specifications doesn't?  My data plan is unlimited data, but restricted bandwidth, so I run Twitter, Hotmail, GMail, MSN Messenger, Google Talk, Office Communicator sometimes, 2 news tickers, you name it!  Ah, the Shazam widget and a few others that periodically connect to the Internet.  I get between 8 and 12 hours of battery life.  Coming from a Motorola phone that could work with one charge every other night (sometimes more), this is a big change.  It's like going back 10 years to the time where it was common to have a desktop battery charger and 2 or 3 spare batteries.  Not nice at all.  The good thing is that you can have your phone charged via a PC's USB port.  So that buys you some time.Probably one very big thing if you're not into custom ROM's and such:  Even though kernel KG7 is Android v2.3.4, Google Talk does NOT offer video chat.  Could it be my region??  Maybe.  I haven't investigated about this.  What I can tell you:  I got KG7 via Samsung Kies and my Google Talk doesn't have video chat.  Why did I introduce this talking about custom ROM's?  Well, chances are that you can probably find out there a v2.3.4 kernel that does offer video chat via Google Talk.Regarding custom ROM's:  I haven't tried any.  The procedure to root this device is pretty simple.  You just need the Odin software and a rooted kernel.  You can have your phone rooted in 4 minutes.  I haven't done it!  Feel free to comment if you have and share your experience.Finally, Samsung TouchWiz 4.0:  I love it!  But then again, my opinion is probably a naive one because I have never used stock Android in the past.  In fact, this is my very first Android device.  So I don't really have a comparison point.  Still, I have compared a bit my phone to an HTC Aria running Cyanogen MOD and I prefer my user interface.  And this is all I have to say about this (and no, I'm not Forrest Gump :-) ).

Where to begin?  This phone takes a quantum leap into a new era of personal communication. Whew! Quite the claim.  Having a long history of PDAs and one of the first to get a data only Blackberry over 10 years ago, I do have a history of high tech gadgets.  The SamGal2 as I call it, brings everything together and puts full communication/organization into the palm of your hand and does so at speeds to rival any DSL connected desktop computer.  I also have a SamGal tablet which this phone renders redundant.I'm not the tech geek that can or will even attempt to spew out all the technoid facts on the phone as you can read those in other reviews.  The SamGal2 has met and exceeded my expectations.  Case closed.

I watched all reviews and found out  that iPhone is a lot better. With the bright display also with processor.iPhone is best all ways. iPhone is a lot faster than Samsung. That's why everyone in US buy iPhone, but not Samsung. Samsung can never beat the iPhone!!!

This phone lost all ability to read a SIM card.I tried different and new SIM cards, all verified to be working in other phones.A hard reset of the phone didn't help.It was a great phone but I can't recommend it on this quality / reliability issue alone.  4 months of longevity is ridiculous.

I bought this two months ago. It's totally perfect. But internal memory is seen 11.50gb not 16gb and I don't know why. Besides the seal on the box was open and there is no 8gb external sd card included on the phone!? Was it carrier's fault or everyone gets it same like me??

What a great product. I love this phone!!! This is my second Android Smart Phone, I loved the first one and thought I didn't really want to switch brands but the hardware and software on this one are just amazing. Highly recommended!!!

11/2013 UpdatePhone frozen. Won't charge or respond even when plugged in to charger. I'd give it a zero instead of one star if I could. Because of the awful experience I've had with this phone I decided not to risk the S4 and ordered an iPhone.Got the Sprint SII shortly after it came out and it was great. The software updates appear to have cooked the battery (I replaced) but the phone gets very hot when on G3 or GPS. Most annoying, however, is the new "auto-reboot" feature when connecting to wifi (and, yes, I did upgrade the memory). Don't know if it Sprint or Samsung (or both), but I can't recommend either...

I have 2 of this phones, one of them since 2 years ago and still working.  The other one I purchased from WIRELESS EVERYTHING, is dead after one month of regular use.  They sent me a &#34;Movistar&#34; branded, manually unlocked phone instead than factory unlocked.

It's my first order. Firstly I was very very hesitated. But I am really glad to buy on the Amazon online.One day accidently I broke my phone screen glass. After that I am upset. Because I didn't know how can I fix it.

Pros:Really fastVery thinScreen is gorgeousCons:Battery only lasts roughly 12 hours.My last few phones were Blackberrys so only getting 12 hours (max) out of a cell phone battery is totally foreign to me.My BBs would go days without needing to be charged.I bought a couple of replacement batteries and a charger off ebay for a few bucks and now I always have a spare for when I'm going to be out all day/night.

Ordered this on Sept. 17. Today is Oct 23rd and it already stopped working. Screen is completely black and they say I cant return it. the seller must have sold a fake or faulty phone. Just put in the extra cash and get the real stuff directly from the company.

very good price on the phone here but i am wondering if itll work efficiently for my carrier. i work with cellphones and ive seen the sprint/att/t-mobile variants but i know this one came out way before in europe, anythoughts?

My complaints for this product area>the WI-FI low sensibility (pls see report below)b>Main problem is the lack of technical support.I have a problem installing the new version of ANDROID ( v 4 ).  But cannot get support at:1>at the USA (where I bought the phone) is not possible to get support because the model (Galaxy SII UNLOCKED )is not included on Samsung USA support page.2>Have wrote to Korea, the actual phone country of manufacturing, but their support page is all in Korean and they do not answer to notes.3>Have tried Brazil where I live, but they refuse to help because the phone was not manufactured hereAMAZON, what can I do to get support, pls help????I feel you are responsible to sell products that have an effective technical support.I wait for your position on this issue.Follows report on galaxy sII wifiTravelling on different countries, I was not able to get applications like "skype" or "Gmail" working on many wifi hot spots around the cities, but people travelling with me with other brand phones or notebooks of several brands were able to use the wifi of the place my galaxy sii did not work.The galaxy detects the wifi spot but fails to get IP.

I have recently purchased Samsung Galaxy S2 phone and found it very worthy upgrade to HTC Desire. Following are summary points:Good:* Android Gingerbread is nice and user friendly to use* Fast dual core performance, not waiting after hitting buttons* Very nice bright Super AMOLED 4.3" capacitive touch display, watching movies on it is very entertaining* Photos and videos taken using front and rear cameras are of good quality* Good capacitive touch response* Due to big screen, blogs and news can be read much better than small screen phones* 16GB/32GB phone memory* Additional memory using internal micro-SD card up to 32GB, good for storing just everything except long movies* Good for gaming* Easy to customize* Nice backgrounds* Suprisingly slim according to its performanceBad:* Flimsy back cover, which does not really matter because I use phone cover to protect phone* Although battery capacity is large, I need to charge the phone everyday just like any other Smartphone* I have found a number of times that during long Skype calls, the phone gets hot at the ear and becomes uncomfortable. I keep it for internet browsing and Skype calls so I have not tested very much for mobile network voice calls.Summary:Excellent phone to have.Availability:In Saudi Arabia, it is available in Jarir Book Store, STC, Mobily and Zain shops and mobile phone markets like the one in Mursalat, Riyadh. It is also available in specialised mobile phone stores in shopping malls.

Love all the features, including the brilliant screen images.  But found out that this unlocked phone is only 2G capable... slow in downloading youtube videos.  Confirmed by my cellphone carrier in-store tech... there is an 'E' over the communications icon at the top.  Even with this disappointment, I still like it on the mediocre level for other awesome features ... I will keep it but will do more research next time.

The good========Galaxy S2 is one of the most powerful smart phone ever used.It's processing capability is awesome, specially during browsing you will noticed that page scrolling and zoom out and zoom in is very smooth.I have also tested some heavy game, the rendering culpability is really excellent.High contrast ratio and brightness is another reason why I love it. Even in under full sunlight the screen content is visible and clear.The Bad========When I try to use camera during talking, camera doesn't work, following warning message is shown"Unable to start camera during call"Taking picture is not that handy. there could have an additional button for taking picture.Not all Unicode font is available, I can only see square boxes  for some language like Bengali,  this is really frustrating.Battery life is also short. You need to charge it frequently to keep it functional. Some feature will not work in low battery.I want to give it rating 3.5, but its not possible here, that's why I am giving it 4 rating.

Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Sold by: FGS Trading ( seller profile )FGS Trading: Company would be very little and nothing responsible, buy a new article and sent a phone look used and open, are not responsible for what they send and responsible to the shipping companies. Very bad, I do not recommend them in anything, very bad seller.

This is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life. I wont be going into the technical reviews because they are well written and explained by my pals here in other reviews.I read the reviews here before buying this piece of beauty.I owned a APPLE IPHONE 4 and believe me it blows away the IPHONE 4.I know its not possible to compare a 2 high end smartphones one with latest technology and the other with a year old,but after all we tend to coz IPHONE 4 is the much successful smartphone of 2010.I can predict that even GALAXY S II will compete head on with IPHONE 5 and still win.Coming to the next part is There are two versions of unlocked Samsung GALAXY S II to be sold out on AMAZON.The one with NO INTERNATIONAL WARRANTY is majorly produced in CHINA.You can see it on the black box.But hey don't worry about it they are all authenticated cellphones having imei numbers ( i was in the same dilemma when i got this beauty after shelling out my hard earned money)I later confirmed it from my vendor and Samsung.It has a CHILEAN firmware which comes with an American charger in it.So don't panic.Second one, you would get is an UK version with UK firmware and is probably made in KOREA.SO currently regarding unlocked ones majority of people are getting one of these two versions.They are one and the same.People say the battery life is poor.Even i agree with it but how can we expect that a FERRARI should be able to give 35 mpg on road.Same applies of here.There is one more solution to overcome the battery problem.You can update your firmware to 2.3.4 it resolves a lot of issues which are even unknown to you including the battery life.ENJOY your SAMSUNG GALAXY S II's

nothing but joy so far... the camera is awesome...to film in Full HD is just amazing.Also, my TV is Samsung, so I can just play the video on the cell phone and watch it on the TV, through the wireless connection... :-)

Hi, the phone does not work well, the GPS does not work, no good sign, do not enter all calls, does not detect the external memory. I request that I be refunded the full value of the purchase.

Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Black), pero cuidado es la versi&oacute;n Europea

The fact that this phone does not work on 3g and 4g band with T-Mobile is pathetic. For that I give it 3 stars. The entire Wireless phone business in the USA is controlled by Verizon and fellow giant Corps . Who have conned the people into believing they get these smart phones for free or at a very low price . They don't, since the full price of these phones is built into their rip-off 2 year contract pricing. The GSM system will be the world wide band system and the sooner we in the USA understand that, the better for all our users. CDMA Band will eventually die on the vine. This Samsung Galaxy SII is in my view better and more functional than iPhone.

Just bought this phone on Dec -2012.. With in two months had issues with camera, most of the time the camera won't work and it hangs. Also there was problem with security pattern lock which would never work after a month.. I would recommend not buy any smart phone from them...

Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black).The Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone is a great phone. Does everything I want it to do. I use it a lot for reading books, as well as making the occasional call. The screen is large enough to not have to have another device, a pad for example, to carry your books. All those things I use to have to carry round while traveling (paper books, PDA, chargers, etc) are a thing of the past. Don't need anything else, well perhaps the SIII.

This is a great phone, but my previous 'smart' phone served as my bedside clock at night.  This phone has no option to leave the screen on if it is plugged in or docked.  I will need to purchase a new CLOCK!

Even though this is an older model, it is fun to use and works well.  It is almost as nice as the new Samsungs, but it's much more affordable.

I have both iPhone 4 and Galaxy S II.  Galaxy S II is easily one year ahead of Apple's iPhone in terms of hardware. It is noticeably lighter, thinner, lighter; stronger has much better screen, memory slot, removable/replaceable battery and more sensitive cell radio.. Screen is much easier on one's eyes than Retina display.The software is amazing in terms of functionality, but still does not have that 'polished' apple look. Something Google has to address ASAP, since they have the `clean and minimalistic' look on their web sites, don't see a reason why their OS has to have the cluttered look....Highly recommend this phone.

I love the Samsung SII and each day I am discovering more things I can do with it that I was not aware prior to purchasing.

Everything I ever wanted in a Smartphone packaged in a slim and light weight package. An amazing phone! 8MP camera with flash; Another front camera; Dual core high-speed powerful processor; Great 4.3" touch screen; A variety of connections - wifi, bluetooth, GPS, USB; Many sensors: accelerometer, gyroscope, light, magnetic field, orientation, proximity, sound level, compass, temperature; Large internal memory plus the ability to expend it. I bought 2 of them - one for me, one for my son, now I'm going to purchase one more for my daughter.

This is my 2nd android phone after having used both the HTC G1 and Apple Iphone 4. I have to say the androids are way better and easier to use.There's also a slot to expand on memory if you wish which you can't do with the apple Iphone. There's also the change of battery option and the ability to browse flash websites which cannot be done with the Iphone.All in all - a very good buy!

Good phone, except within less than 2 weeks and I have a problem with the flight mode. Unable, without a factory reset, to turn it off! Now, I cannot turn it off no matter what I try.

I was thinking about getting either this phone, the Atrix 4G or the HTC 3D phone, but this one is just super fast!!!Great phone, HTC is also great, but I couldn't find it anywhere unlocked....Great android phone, amazing screen...Just got here yesterday.

The phone appears to be working normally. I am still learning to use some features. The photographs ara generally of good quality. So far I am satisfied with the Samsung cell phone.

the item was not almost new...some scratches on the outside...the phone needs to be constantly fed with electricity even when off if not the battery will go out. The screen has some slight damages...so, all in all, the seller did not really describe it well saying that it was almost new.

Love this phone.1. Physically - it's beautiful and as it's the European version, also unique in the US. (AT&T; and TMobile versions seem thicker and rounder). It's so thin and the surfaces so smooth, it sometimes literally slips through my fingers... though nothing a nice Zagg screen protector won't fix to enhance the grip. (paid over $500 for a thin phone, am not going to bulk it up with some case!)2. Hardware - on the Wifi it's lightning fast browsing, animations are smooth and seems to work fine with loads of apps and services running in the background. (I'm on TMobile at the moment so it only works with EDGE, but am switching over to AT&T; soonish and will get 3G then)3. Android Software - Not the iOS/iphone killer I expected, hence only the 4 stars overall. The touch screen responsiveness seems a fraction of a millisecond slower than my 2nd Gen iPod Touch. The open platform nature of Android means there is a huge range of configurable options, but also seems to result in clutter and various overlapping stock apps. (e.g. The note widget, the memo app, the diary app and the task app could really be rolled into one super note taking app, in my opinion). Configurations and settings are also all over the place, instead of being in a centralized location thus giving it the whole MS Windows 98 File->Properities feel...I got this phone because I wanted a beautiful, thin and powerful smart phone that wasn't an iphone. Mission Accomplished!

I was excited to get my Galaxy S2 (Blutek.Com), what I really got was a $600 brick! I know its a great phone, I've read the reviews, watched video reviews on youtube. One little problem for U.S. customers like myself. DO NOT buy the GSM phone. It is a European Market phone will not work on networks here in the States. I had to fumble with it for around 30 minutes just to get the language right on the phone, it was in Spanish. I have already asked for a refund on the phone, I'll wait for the U.S. version to be released.

Im incredible happy with this phone, its the fastest phone i have had before and really light, extremely crisp images on with the Super amoled + screen.Well worth the money.

This phone is great and all, but if you are planning to use your pre-existing T-mobile data plan with this, I have bad news. The T-mobile data plan will only give you EDGE(2g) speeds. T-mobile uses different 3G/4G bands than most other carriers worldwide. You will have to go with AT&T if you want your internet to be anything faster than a crawl, really. This is a major detail that I am regretting not researching before shelling out my 700 on the phone.

This phone did not function well & was returned. My exchange student purchased this phone so that she would be able to take it back to Germany, at the end of her stay. Unfortunately is did not work well-- many different features did not work and she ended up deciding to spend more $$ on a i phone.

I just have almost two weeks with my new samsung and I'm plenty happy... The responsiness and quickest screen I ever work with.... the weight of the phone is almost imperceptible.... The unique thing is the battery duration about 6 hours if you are a heavy internet user.... If you are not you can reach an entire day with normal calling stuff... The solution is bought the battery kit 2000mah original from samsung with back cover for only 50 bucks and problem solvedI couldn't be more happy with my phone... You can even dictate an entire sms message and your samsung galaxy will recognized you every single word (even in spanish most of common word that they don't appear in dictionary!) also I like the tons of application in the market.... Even a snes emulator and the phone is waaaay fastest than the iphone 4s.... even with playing games and stuff.... The camera is priceless.... I just put in a box my old nokia n8 and I'm SO happy with the samsung galaxy s2. AND samsung is just updating by kies to Android ICS 4 (galaxy s2 came originally with 2.3.5) but with the new firmware the response of the phone is a bit better and improving.... Greetings from Venezuela!

I bought the phone for someone else, so I was only about to try it out for about a day.It worked with my t-mobile SIM card and I believe it should work for most carriers that use SIM cards, except Verizon. The phone looks amazing, but the price tag might have also added to the mystique. The apps were there and the screen was vibrant and phenomenal. I believe it's one of the best phones out there, but it comes with a pretty hefty price. It even had an FM radio and GPS.

...means that when it stops charging after a month you are left without a working phone and with no options.

It seems like a mostly solid phone although I'll be honest it didn't occur to me that a phone costing this much might not include 3G support.  So I'm a bit baffled how such a modern phone doesn't support the aging 3G standard.

I purchased this product and right out of the box when it has you touch the android and continue the initial boot setup, it rebooted. I thought nothing of it but it did it again. I finally was able to get to the android interface and sometimes it will work but it still reboots randomly. Searched online others with this problem mentioned its probably hardware fault. Sent back, hoping amazon will refund my money. When the device did work it was marvelous!!! I can't stress that enough, the phone was everything I imagined...I just received a defective one. Good luck with your purchase.Update(much later): They did refund my money. Bought a new unit...I'm happy!

I bought it at WorldWide Distributors and were punctual delivery and arrived in perfect condition.The beauty of the phone:- It is super slim and lightweight- Very fast- The resolution and screen colors are amazing and the size is perfect for working with applications such as office.- You can carry in your pocket comfortably.- The camera is excellent (in my opinion better than the iphone 4),- Good sound- Android is an excellent 100% customizable OSThe downside of the phone:- The battery lasts about a day giving heavy use, but has a low power mode that works very well.- It is very hot when running HD games.- The battery is weak in its place (I guess a factory default) and move it off but I put a piece of paper to give him a little pressure and go.- The browser had problems opening some pages but I updated the version of android (with software Samsung Kies) and solved the problem.I'm really happy with my Samsung Galaxy SII.Lo compre en WorldWide Distributors y fueron puntuales en el env&iacute;o y llego en perfectas condiciones.Lo bueno del celular:- Es super delgado y ligero- Muy r&aacute;pido- La resoluci&oacute;n y colores de la pantalla son increibles y el tama&ntilde;o es perfecto para trabajar con aplicaciones como office.- Lo puedes llevar en el bolsillo del pantalon comodamente.- La c&aacute;mara es excelente (a mi criterio mejor que la del iphone 4),- Buen sonido- Android es un excelente SO personalizable 100%Lo malo del celular:- La bater&iacute;a dura aproximadamente un d&iacute;a dandole bastante uso, pero tiene un modo de bajo consumo que funciona muy bien.- Se calienta mucho cuando corres juegos HD.- La pila queda floja en su sitio (me imagino que un defecto de f&aacute;brica) y al moverlo se apagaba pero le puse un pedazo de papel que le diera un poco de presi&oacute;n y listo.- El navegador ten&iacute;a problemas abriendo algunas p&aacute;ginas pero actualic&eacute; la versi&oacute;n de android (con el software Samsung Kies) y se solucion&oacute; el problema.Estoy realmente feliz con mi Samsung Galaxy SII.

THIS IS A JOKE, I JUST BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND IS A GERMAN VERSION AND SAMSUNG KIES CANT UPDATE, SCREEN ALWAYS BLINKING AND BATTERY LIFE POOR, NEED AND UPDATE

Phone came in great condition. Shipping as usual was extremely fast. The phone I received was a South American GT-I9100 which doesn't really matter because Android comes in english and the radio bands are all present to work on AT&T; in the united states. All I had to do on first boot was change the language to english.This phone will work on both AT&T; 3G bands 2&5. Meaning it has a radio that works on WCDMA 850 and WCDMA 1900. I also can confirm that the phone does HSPA+.Please Remember! In order for your AT&T; data to work on this phone you must define the APN. Follow these instructions.Go to: Settings > Wireless & Network > Mobile Networks > Access Point Names > Press Menu Button & Select 'New APN'From there you will need to enter all the settings exactly as they appear below:Name: Cingular 410APN: wap.cingularProxy: &lt;Not set>Port: &lt;Not set>Username: [...]Password: CINGULAR1Server: &lt;Not set>MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: [...]MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: &lt;Not set>APN type: &lt;Not set>Enjoy your 3G speeds on your Galaxy S II

I was pretty hesitant to buy such an expensive phone without a warranty, but after using it for a month and a half, I couldn't be happier with the purchase. The phone is super fast, has an amazing screen (you get used to the size quickly), great camera, runs the newest version of Android, and have you seen the pictures of this phone? Highly recommended, if it weren't so expensive, everyone would have one.

Att had all kind of problems setting it up, had to go to AT&T 4 different times, still not working properly

This telephone I am more or less damaged me to the 8 months of use&#8230;: s simply was reinitiated and it did not happen of the starting: S that I do?  i need answer

I purchased this phone back on October 28th, 2011. Since the beginning the phone had software issues so I upgraded it a couple of times.Today, it simply died. The battery was full of charge and when I was going to unblock it, it didn't respond.I used another S2 battery into my phone and it didn't come up. I then used my phone battery on a different S2 and it worked so it's not the battery.

Reviews have been done to death on this phone so I will simply add that the phone is fantastic. I agree with the cnet reviews in particular. My only added issue being that the gps is unsatisfactory, often failing to accurately find my location. Beyond that I highly recommend the phone.

Package came a day early which was great.  My only problem with it is that it wouldn't work with my striaght talk account even tho it is an unlocked phone. Everything else was great.

It's unbelievable! Amazing graphics. Faster then iPhone 4. a million applications available for free. The touchscreen is so sensible! The weight and size is perfect. The battery is very good, lasting 1 or 2 days depending on use. I'd buy the iPad or iPhone, so I found this amazing phone.

En pocas palabras puedo decir que es el mejor smartphone del 2011, la camara el lo m&aacute;ximo ademas graba video el full hd la pantalla tiene colores muy vivos en fin la cantidad de funciones que posee esta version el very good.

I am a very big open source zealot, and Android is the closest ideological match to me currently available and in widespread distribution. I have fiddled with many Android handsets and this kicks all of their asses on paper and in usage. My problems with it are:1) Battery life is absolutely terrible (I am not using it insanely, I should be getting mail from 2 accounts pushed to me, but that should not suffice to drain a battery in 5-6 hours2) Gets hot out of the blue with the task manager indicating that all the running apps are using 0% cpuThe specs are clearly glorious, and the hardware is going to blossom over time with each successive software release, I would wager this device has a lot of future in it.It is the lightest modern phone I have ever carried, and it is bizarre to see Apple zealots deride the plastic case when it is strong, light and robust. I am sorry I don't have shattered glass on the back of my phone weighing me down, it is a real bummer.I could not recommend this device over apple devices for the price. Unless you are a geek who likes open source or intend to get into running custom roms, I would still have to recommend the iphone 4 for joe public; especially since they can now get picked up for $650 out of contract.

It was not what I was looking for, but they gave my money back!All by email.thank's for my money back

I had Nokia E75 and bought this phone to replace  E75. Initially I bought it from OEM Shop but found that headphones were missing, returned the phone and bought again from Amazon directly and the BOX contains headphone and all other accessories. Amazon rocks!!The phone itself is great!! very fast and stable WIFI ,wonderful screen and swype  works fine. I am using a 32 GB Sandisk  micro SD card for more storage. The build is not as good as iPhone  but a good  case should be able the protect the phone from damage , I bought an OtterBox case which serves the purpose. The downside is the battery performance, but that is with any other phone with big screen and fast processor I have to charge the phone everyday for moderate usage. The only thing I would love to have in Galaxy S2 is  penta-band 3G like Nokia N8 instead of quad band .

I am not one of the tech. geeks but with my humble experience, I love this device it does a lot of things that one wouldn't imagine to come true in the past, I like the slimness of it, the 4.3'screen, the picture quality of both video and snapshots, the easy access to samsung apps and downloading them into your phone, but... there is some bad news too one's got to mention:1- the permission that should be given for each and every app you're downloading to have the access to your personal information makes you feel threatened that some things are unsafe to use through the phone, or even to save on it (like your bank card number for example).2- the user's manual is not clear enough for detailed instructions for some of useful hints that one may not know on one's own.3 all this big memory and capacity for storage (16GB) is used only for storing information exchanged between the phone and PC, while all those huge volume apps have to be stored on the phone's memory that is of (2GB), while the rest of (14G) left, should be used with PC.4- The additional memory sdcard that can be attached, I was shocked that it has the same problem, I downloaded some music from internet, they were saved in the downloads folder, and the only task options offered is to clear or delete, I did everything possible to find some way to move them to sdcard, to manage them in the music folder, to set the sdcard to be the virtual storage place all the time, no damn way found, maybe it's me that I still don't know the (how?).Finally, maybe if I find some solutions to those couple (but major)problems, then I will really describe the phone as SMART, but not so far; now I'm still confused, is my phone  the dummy one, or am I?

A gift to my wife, she loves it.A lightweight design really good for ladys.The only regret is battery use too fast.

The product was as described down to the T. The product left there facility just as fast as I ordered the phone! The price could not be beat best deal as well! I will definitly recommend this seller to anyone!

I've had this phone for about 4 months. It is the best smartphone I've ever had, and I've had seve,ral. Its super fastAnd the screen is incredibly vivid. With the option of up to a32gb sd card there is plenty of storage. Being an Android I have a lot more options than the iPhone. Battery life is good.Unless like to use the live wallpaper like I do. That's kind of a battery killer but really cool. Lol.Its a large screen but is very thin and light weight. Camera is 8 megapixels and it. takes great HD videos as well.I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to optimize their smartphone experience.It truly does it all.

phone have no memory. i got 10% back and have to get complimentary blue tooth device but never get it. also phone is working only at 2g in usa. i will not get it for that price again.

I love this phone, it has so many features that everyday I am learning new stuff about this phone. I own an iPhone 3GS that still work fine but is no match to Galaxy S2.To all the people that complain about battery, there is a feature that allow you to save power just use it. I am able to get two days on single charge. Then again, I don't play games often and enable my WIFI only if I need to use the internet.This is a good product and I strongly recommend.

New parts and the back cover doesn't close up well... And everything else was kind of dirty included the box

I have had the AT&T US version (Samsung Galaxy II) for almost 2 years as my work provided phone.  I have had a Samsung Galaxy III as my personal phone for over 1/2 a year.  Both phones have worked flawlessly since I have had them. I had a friend visiting me from overseas and I wanted to buy him a phone as a gift and didn't want to break the bank buying a Samsung Galaxy III or IV as I like the Samsung Galaxies.  So I aimed for the sweet spot, most phone for the least money and decided on the unlocked Galaxy II (i9100)for SIM card international use.  First of all, I selected Cheapcellphones as the retailer as their price was competitive.  The phone I received was the phone as advertised.  It was originally made for the EU market and the info included in the package was in German.  It came in a Samsung box sealed and was new.  The first thing I noticed was the phone was noticeably lighter than my AT&T US version I use for work.  I believe the difference is in the front clear cover, my AT&T US phone having a glass cover and the i9100 I recently ordered is plastic I think.  So far everything is as expected.  No glitches setting up and using.  Time will tell if it was a wise investment. As the title says, so far so good.

este es un celular espectacular uno de los mejores telefonos que he tenido, soy fanatico de la tecnologia celular y compraria otro igual

Have been using this phone for about 2 weeks and I am impressed so far with the quality, usability and battery.  The battery easily lasts the whole day while talking and using the net and other functions like camera. I guess the sw 2.3.4. that it comes with fixed a lot of the issues with battery drain that the 2.3.3. had.  I am coming from a Blackberry 9900 and the only things I miss from it is the BBM and the notifications led.

Hola...este equipo es lo m&aacute;ximo la pantalla es fuera de este planeta, la velocidad en procesamiento es perfecta.tenerlo en las manos es algo fuera de este mundo.. la camara full HD lo recomiendo al 100%..

this phone is AMAZING. It really reminds me of the iphone. I think if you like the iphone, you will like this phone. I love the moveable backrounds, great volume, great speed, apps and overall function. Only thing i would say would be a negative is the battery life gets drained easily if you are on it a lot. But depends on the person. I would really recommend this phone!

Received on the 7th of September 2011 in factory SEALED packaging. As has been mentioned by another reviewer, the Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100 device doesn't start-up in English. However, once I figured  out the right language settings, set-up was all smooth sailing from there. The Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100 is highly 'customizable', in its factory unlocked state. After spending ~24hrs with it, I suggest (1)Charging up the battery (~3hrs+; if phone is off, press volume button to see charge state), (2) Initial setup completed via wi-fi , (3) Having a Google account; configure-able on device (4) Having a Samsung mobile account, which is also possible to do on the device (5)If you plan to use it on a GSM network, pre-obtain confirmed, compatible, working network internet and MMS settings ::Wink, wink::.That said, if you're still reading this comment you're intelligent enough to figure out the device. Google is your best friend.The goods not already mentioned, this device comes equipped with 1.2GHz dual-core Exynos 4210 chip (confirmed), already pre-loaded with Android 2.3.4.; no need to worry about how to get an update :), and will update via apps store to Adobe Flash 10.3 so you can stream flash video like you do on your desktop computer.The device also comes preloaded with Swype, Google talk (with voice commands like voice search) and video chat capabilities, download your favorite apps (Skype, Yahoo messenger, Qik) and you're set.One thing worth mentioning is that there are detailed manuals for the GT-i9100 in English via Samsung UK support. Download the adobe files, open, and read to continue to amaze and amuse yourself.That's all for now folks... I'm off to continue enjoying my new device. Can't believe I waited this long to make up my mind about the purchase, I guess my main concern was not being able to get an update to at least Android 2.3.3 since I live in the US; I don't know what that's all about but it appears I'm on the receiving end. I thought I would have to write new codes and edit web sourceable ROMs and software, imagine my surprise when I checked the stats and it has Android 2.3.4! (Tip: tap repeatedly on the "Android 2.3.4" line  of the stats to discover an 'easter egg'. O... the joys of owning a highly satisfactory android device.)

Check out the internet on something like headset volume too low for galaxy s2.It is a problem for me and many others.I think even if they fix the volume later on, I have doubts on audio quality, there is no detail and forget about sound-staging."As music player, Galaxy S II performance can be described as:* Average for a smartphone.* Below average for a high end smartphone."The battery life is poor. Everything else is fine.Update as of 11-Dec-2011:get the "Volume+(Sound Boost)" by Meltus from the Android Market.set everything to max.reboot the phone.the above works for me. Samsung won't bother with a patch.

It was not a factory unlock phone, IMEI on BOX is different of Phone IMEI.... it seems to be a refurbished phone.Bad quality product, just worked for android version gingerbread 2.3.

Great to go back to a phone you can work with after an iPhone.  Excellent range of apps and features.  Having some probs linking it via USB, otherwise I'd rate it at 5 Stars - but I will persevere.  I'd prefer the calendar to give a yearly view- had that with earlier phones - but OK.  Great Xmas present!!DT

I just love my phone. I don't feel the need for a new one yet thanks to the perfomance of the SII. It's a Great master piece of Samsung

This is my first Android device and I have to say that this phone it's the best phone I've ever had before. It's super fast, the screen looks amazing with it's super amoled plus screen, nice camera, and good call quality as well. I highly recommend this device for anyone who's considering getting an Android phone.

Apparently this phone is suppose to be unlocked but it isn't. I had to sit on the phone for hours trying to figure out what was wrong thinking it was the Sim card but it wasn't it was the phone. NOT satisfied what so ever with the product. Not impressed with these services.

You sold me a fake product! it looks like an original samsung smartphone, but is not. You should not be able to sell this kind of products in this web page. I do not recomend anybody to buy this, because it is FAKE. It is not even possible to syncronize the cellphone with the computer.

Well, the least to say, like all previous samsung cell phones, They last only a year. Have to buy a new cell phone again. The galaxy s2 started to give problem about a month ago and now it can go to the scrapyard.  Will not buy a samsung cell phone again.

It is a second to none Smartphone........ the King of Smartphones.......No more words to describe this product!!!!!!!Don't wast time looking for a smartphone! buy this one!!

The product is very cool but very fragile. Samsung should ruggedized the future galaxy. also the battery life even when all applications are close is just too poor for such a device.

Others have ably covered the phone's technical specs. This review will be from a practical standpoint from a user who's not super-techy.  Coming from a "stupidphone", I wanted a device that would consolidate many of the gadgets I like to carry around: phone, digital camera, GPS, PDA, MP3 player. I did *not* want to sign up for a monthly service plan (currently using T-Mobile pay as you go, plus their Web Day Pass for data). I wanted a pocketworthy phone that wasn't too bulky. After much research I settled on the Galaxy S2.This phone fits the bill perfectly. It is a pleasure to use, sturdily built yet thin and light, with a bright, vivid display. It is intuitive, fast and responsive, with apps loading quickly and no frustrating delays. The camera, an important point to me, is 8 MP. The picture quality is quite decent for a point-and-shoot, rivaling in sharpness photos from my 10 MP Canon Powershot.I purchased this from FGS Trading, fulfilled by Amazon. The phone I received was a French version. Don't be alarmed when you see a European plug on the charger - the US adaptor is included. You can Google up an English version quick start guide and manual. One of the first options after initially turning on the phone will allow you to change the language to English.Two problems I initially had: 1) the wi-fi connection would drop periodically;  2) there was no way to disable the camera's shutter-click sound, even when the phone itself was in silent mode.These problems were solved after 1) upgrading the phone's firmware to Gingerbread XWKDD 2.3.3;  and 2) rooting the phone and renaming the shutter-click sound file.I was hesitant to root my shiny and expensive new phone, but the camera sound annoyed me so much I decided to go for it. There are detailed instructions available on the internet. It was not difficult but it took a while, mainly due to the Samsung Kies software taking forever to install on my PC.  Also, before rooting the phone I read that you must update the firmware to XWKDD. This step wipes your downloaded apps, phone contacts, and all the customizing you have lovingly done so far.  But after the phone is updated and rooted - sweet success!  Silent camera!One downside is battery life. All this awesomeness requires battery power, and I'm finding, with moderate to heavy use, this phone needs to charge daily.All in all I'm very satisfied with this phone, which is high praise considering its hefty price tag.

I have a Samsung Galaxy S2, I can tell you people that is the better phone I never had,my last cellphone was Nexus S is a good phone but Gs2 is Amazing!! hiper fast, beautiful and shiny 4,3 super amoled plus screen, micro sd, extra good quality speakers,lighter and thinner, is undoubtedly the best Android phone today, I recommend

The people who rate this phone highly are yes men or do so before they get to know it. Touch screen is inaccurate, GPS rarely works, wifi calling drops 15 feet from the router (line of sight), Swype entry crashes phone, needs to be restarted at least twice daily, sometimes reboots spontaneously during calls. this phone is a horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible piece of shit. Accordind to sumsung the device is fine, their tec support guy was not surprised by my issues. My wife's 3s is even worse.

Wow this absolutely upgrades my life !!!The only problem so far is that if there's sun I can't see well enough the screen.

This phone is fake, not a real samsung galaxy s 2. Also the battery gets super heated after more than two minutes use.The only reason I gave it 2 stars is cause it is easy to use, but if you're using the phone for long conversations, I do not recommend it. As for it's originality, I've checked it out with my carrier when I got it and I've been told it's a fake.

This phone is my very first smartphone and I love it.  I use t-mobile so all I had to do was insert my sim card and I can start using it.  The screen swipe is very smooth.  The screen size is significantly larger than the iPhone 4S (I think 4.5 vs 3.5inch).  The picture quality is clear and crisp.  The phone is also very fast and easy to use.  The phone is very light and thin.  It feels like I might break it in half.  Only few issues I have is getting the accessories.  This is an international version and many of the US companies use a slightly different version of the Galaxy S2.  I had to order the accessories from different merchants, which does not take anything away from this amazing phone.  I've had it for 3 days and I haven't been able to put it down.  I don't think I'll ever be able to go back to non-smartphones.Edit: 10/17/2011I had to return it because it was incompatible with T-mobiles 4G network.  Could only get Edge network (which is about 56k).  Quite sad, I really did like this phone.

The phone was purchased for International travel, the batter died after the initial charge.Giving 4 star just fr the smooth return process.

Soy e e enezuela y solicite este tel&eacute;fono y llego en perfectas condiciones y desbloqueado. Lo recomiendo sin lugar a dudas.

i shouldnt bought this galaxy s2. now i have problem with its screen. its not working. i tried to go to samsung centers but they dont have the parts for my model... now i know why it doesnt have warranty

i brought the stupid phone did not know it was refurbished,took it to my family in my country,the phone never worked,i lost my money and my famyily member in haiti has no phone now.

This phone was gone in 2 months! First, the sound was not working properly as soon as I charged it, then, the phone would erase all my contacts every 2 hours, then, the alarm woulds never work. After a few weeks of battling with those little issues, the phone started to not notify me of incoming calls...I had a lot of communication issues. Finally,it completely broke... I am really disappointed, for a $300.00 purchase, I expected better!

I got it just in time,sealed in a box with all accessories.it is very easy to set upi use google as exchange server so my contacts have been already imported in 5 secondsthere is another built in application that supports exchange servers.the menus and widjets are really cool and it is very easy to upload files in and out using the supported cable.

This is a great phone, work flawlessly on Uruguay.It has all what you can ask for incredible screen,really Fast and all the extras.

I received an phone does not workthe phone screws missingnot turnthe phone does nothingwas a gift and made me look badI'm furiousshould not be allowed to cheat the customers this wayyo recibi un telefono que no funcionael telefono le faltan tornillosno prendeel telfono no hace nadaera un regalo y me hizo quedar muy malestoy furiosono deberian permitir que enga&ntilde;en a los clientes de esta manera

hellopromt  delivery  from  the  seller--very  fast  very  happy  with  that....the  only  thing  that  really  bothered  me  was  that  the  package  seal  from  the  GALAXY box  was  broken...that  really  bothered  meso  far  the  phone  is  perfect  no  complain's  one  that -- hopefuly  no  problems  in  the  futureif  the  seller  opened  the  box  for  any  reason  he  should  notify  the client  not  to  freak  out  ---give  an  explenation  why?????the  box  was  open  but  you  can  see  that  the  product  is  new ,  if  not  then  it  is  my  mistake  of  thinking  that  and  shame on  me......

After seeing some great reviews on the Samsung Galaxy SII, I decided to try it as my first Android phone. It's pretty expensive, and even though I'm now learning to use it, I'm loving every minute of it. The available apps are amazing and the screen colors are beautiful. The phone is super fast! Gone are the days when I would try to open an app on my phone and have to wait for it to load. I just love this phone!

I bought this phone directly from Amazon. It arrived with English user guide (but the phone was in Spanish when I turned it on first time), with a short warranty card. Had an earphone in the box and looked really new (I bought one before from the OEM shop and had serious doubts that I got a brand new phone).It has had 837 Mb RAM and 11.5+1.97=13.43 Gb (not 16 Gb) memory (probably Android takes the rest). About 230-250 Mb RAM is busy with your stuff running, the rest is free. The free internal memory is 11.5+1.97 Gb=13.43. It functions really well. It's fast, it's nice, it's light. So far so good.This phone is amazing. Really great. A bit expensive but worthy. Thank you Amazon.

One of my best amazon's purchase, excellent android cell phone, really rocks! It's really fast, amazing video quality and pictures..

Extremly fast, never seen it lacking.Ultra Slim, I mean really slim, but feeling right when you grab it.Beautiful, is the kind people dare to stop and ask you about.Incredible image quality, just when it's on, you can see the bright colors. When you put it next to any other phone, you'll notice the difference inmediatly.Screen size: Love 4.3", if any other fruit company planning this year to launch something "5", doesn't come with big real estate is screwed.Battery life: average for this kind of phone.Stills and video: ooooooh baby!!!, this is where it steals the show. No comments, just investigate.Web browsing: fast and smooth.Very customizable.Storage: let me put it this way, you'll never see the annoying low space icon again.I also have the LG Optimus 2x, and I wouldn't even put them in the same category.

This phone is totally amazing!The screen is the most gorgeous one I've seen on all smart phones. Super AMOLED plus screen's color saturation and brightness is even better than Retina. The dual core CPU feels really fast, a lot faster than Tegra 2 in video decoding and UI smoothness. Samsung has done a lot of hardware acceleration in its Touchwiz UI, browser performance is a lot better than stock browser.And even with its big screen, it's really really light.Over all, this is the best smartphone I've purchased so far.

i'm a user of Iphone 4 and I bought this phone, and I love it.. android is very easy to use and I don't need Itunes..and It works great in galaxy s2.

Actually the phone isn't mine, I bought it because a cousin gave me the money and I bought on behalf of him. But I own a Galaxy S2 and I can say that it is an excellent phone. I am not the common user that send messages and call people, with a phone like this you can reduce the time you pass in front of the computer because I really do my task from the phone, which is something that I hate of Apple where you can't do anything without Itunes.About the seller and the shipping, It was better than expected. Thanks a lot!!!Remember, It was the best phone of 2011.

Seems to work good so far. We bought it for our In-laws and will know more later. I'll keep you posted!

The open platform, ease of use and the good quality of this telephone, make it a very good purchase. For more apps we all need to be a bit more patient. The big advantage comparing to it's big compatitor is the extra DC card and the ability to get service when it gets to battery problem

I was a little nervous about buying this phone. After it arrived I fell in love instantly. Best phone ever!

Moving from an Samsung Vibrant, this phone is just as horrible. First, the first time I put it in my hand, it felt cheap. It wasn't even the "light, solid" build people were talking about, it was the kind of plastic you'd expect to find on a child's toy. I hated it from the beginning. Then moving on, as soon as I turned it on, it started heating up. Within 20 minutes the battery had reached 50 degrees Celsius. The screen itself was nothing impressive, it was what I was used to, and it's nothing better than that of my iPod touch. TouchWiz 4, was just as dumb and ugly as it's predecessor. I can't help but pity Samsung for trying to copy iPhone's application page. Yeah, using the phone was SLIGHTLY faster than my old Vibrant (which I HATED as well), but it's not worth switching because of. The Camera, Browser, and all of the other apps it comes with, are flops. I have no clue how people can say this is any better than phones that came out 1-2 years ago. I was hoping that Samsung had stepped their game up, based on reviews, but seriously, coming from someone that is not a Samsung fanboy, this phone is a total disappointment. Very disappointed in Samsung, and will NEVER buy another phone from them. I am now switching to either a HTC Sensation or LG G2X.

The samsung is a good phone, but takes some getting used to. I bought it after reading raving reviews and i think the reviews were more hyped up. it is a good phone, but will not wow you if you use iphone4.

If you have any doubts, just stop hesitating, this is the BEST device out there at the moment of this post.no one knows what Iphone 5 will be like, or when it will come, but one thing is for sure, SGS2 beats the Iphone4 by miles!SGS2 makes the Iphone4 look like a kids toy.the screen on it is just amazing, so big, so vivid!the device is super thin, and even though its huge it weighs next to thing, half the weight of an iphone by feel!I got the device now for just a week, and so far no problems at all, everything running smooth, fast.this device is brilliant, if you can afford it and looking for unseen before phone, hesitate no more purchase it!

After not being able to even answer a call, I went into my phone service provider to ask for assistance. Even after getting his assistance (and he had the newer version of the Samsung Galaxy), the only thing I am able to do is answer calls. He even commented about the red outline that shows up for no specific reason and surrounds my screen, flashing on and off. No wonder there was no guarantee for this. It eats up the battery within 24 hours even after I shut off everything. The guy even wondered why that occurred and said he had never experienced that situation. I gave up my old Nokia (which I have had for 5 years) which I never had a problem with. I am now reverting back to Nokia because even with the cracked screen, it outperforms this particular phone.

This is an absolutely AWESOME phone, but let me get the only negatives out of the way first; the phone, without a secondary case, is very slippery and easily dropped if you are not very careful handling it. I chose, and am happy with, the Body Glove case for mineBody Glove 9241301 Samsung Galaxy S ll and Epic 4G Touch Fade Cell Phone Case with Hideaway Stand- 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black. The other slight disappointment was the lack of an SD card. It states the phone can handle "up to a 32gb" card, but there is no card included with the phone. I used the 2gb card from my Moment, but saw a very significant change when I upgraded to a 16gb Class 10 SD Card...be sure to get the "Class 10"...it makes a big difference!!Pictures and videos are great! The ability to adjust the quality levels for high quality shots or compressed for upload or email is invaluable. The voice command works very well and makes life much simpler in many cases. I have seen many user reviews with low ratings on the battery life, but I do not understand why. If you know how to use a smart phone, keep unnecessary apps and features turned off, and use an app like "Automatic Task Killer" (search that name in the Market), you can get 35-40 hours out of a charge with no problem. I consistently use mine for pictures, video, a lot of facebook time, and a considerable amount of texting without battery life issue. I came to this phone from the old Samsung Moment, a good phone in it's day, but the Galaxy SII is THE epitome of smart phone...period...!! Get one!!

I don't have any complaint about this phone at all. It comes unlocked, so you aren't locked to one single carrier. It has a huge screen, feel pretty light, and looks awesome. It pretty much does everything you want and then some more.

The box wasn't sealed, didn't come with an english manual, had called the retailer...he's able to give you the link online for manual.

Awesome phone!!Super fast, the screen is fantastic!The item arrived fast, all O.K., the manual is in a weird language, but the phone is in English, so... No problem at all.The first day with the galaxy s 2, I thought I was closing all apps that I was using, but they were all running in second plan...And I didn`t even noticed!!!!!! The galaxy continued super fast, no difference at all, even with about 5 apps running at the same time!!!All works perfectly fine, even the voice commands are fantastic!It is the best phone in the market now a days, no doubt!

The phone works as a phone, better than the iphone 4. The signal is better, it works well in my flat, where the iphone would often offer bad quality reception.The good news end here.On every other point, the Galaxy SII is significantly inferior.Build quality isn't good. It's plastic. Every time you drop the phone, you'll have a new mark somewhere on the outside.The camera quality sucks. With my iphone 4 I would take several pics a day. I've stopped taking mobile pics with my galaxy sII. It's a waste of time. Pics come out looking like crap.The software is VERY clunky to the iOS. It's WAY behind.It also features unbelievably retarded settings, for example it will delete every message above 200 messages (SMSes) per person. If you think your messages to your friends or girlfriend are safe, check again, surprise! Anything older than a few days is deleted, even though you may have 10+ gigabytes of free space on your phone. This kind of retarded arbitrary decisions are taken on your behalf all the time by this mobile OS. It is several years behind the iOS, and that comes from someone who doesn't like Apple in the least.

Satisfied so far with my purchase, very good screen, camera and size.. only cons, it can overheat a little.. we'll see how it improoves with ICS4 installed, also regarding battery duration.. right now is 24 hrs on moderate use..

Excelent product , es muy bueno y la entrega fue rapido sin ninguna molestia funciona excelente sin ningun problema ...

I am a first time amazon shopper, better said; internet shopper. I was a bit afraid at first but in the end I bought the cellphone from eXpansys Inc.. They were extremely courteous in responding all of my trivial questions about the delivery. The cellphone arrived in perfect conditions but unfortunately they gave me a UK charger but they included a US transformer adapter in the box. Overall, I am still very exultant about this phone because I always yearned for it. I am very perspicacious when it comes to technology, specially cellphones and computers. Oh! Also, I'm not sure if it was FedEx or eXpansys Inc. itself who did this but they were altruistic enough to include about 10 chocolate Hershey's bars in the box protecting the Galaxy S2's box, which was quite awesome.---Samsung made a really ingenious device which is the Galaxy S2. Although I am not completely satisfied with the build quality, I am aware this had to be done to make the phone so slim though. The phone is made almost entirely out of plastic and it is so light in weight, which is somewhat good and bad in my opinion. When I first got the FedEx delivery, I honestly thought the box was empty because it was so airy! When I unboxed the device and held it for the first time the phone was EXTREMELY light, so much that I feel like I'm holding a child's toy, this quite vexed me.The phone is a screamer when it comes to speed. With the dual core exynos chipset Samsung packed into this state of the art device, I have not had any lag whatsoever! The browsing speed is splendid and also I love that it has Flash Player.. you know... to watch some stuff on the internet..... . Also, the phone re-heats a quite bit when I play 3D-ish games, but nothing too much.The battery isn't so satisfying for me.  It only lasted one day with about 1 hour of internet browsing and about 40 minutes of gaming and about 1 or 2 hours of just fooling around (downloading apps, listening to music, etc), which I guess is not TOO bad but still something I thought I should mention. Nevertheless, for less insatiable customers like me, the phone is most likely to last you for 2 days (if you have WiFi off and other battery sucking stuff).The screen of this phone is AMAZING. It is truly amazing. The colors are flamboyant and lively anddd the black... ITS BLACK OK? ITS BLACK. Sometimes I cannot differentiate from the phone's black color from the screen.For me, having a camera with me at all times is definitely a compulsion for me. The superlative 8MP camera with flash is one of the best I have seen on a cellphone yet. Although it's really good, it probably will not replace your Kodak, etc. Still is a true pleasure to have. The phone also packs a 2MP front facing camera which I must not so fecund. The pictures come out blanched most of the time but still good enough for video calls and self portraits.Lastly, I think Samsung did a great job on the TouchWhiz 4.0 UI on top of Android. I love the capable and momentous UI better than any other UI I have ever tested (such as HTC Sense). TouchWhiz 4.0 provides a very intuitive and relishing experience. I love the ability it has to re-size widgets and ample amount of features Samsung has generously put into TouchWhiz 4.0.Overall, a BEAST phone. I absolutely love it except perhaps for the battery and built-quality. Moreover, you should not let that keep you from buying this phone unless you're just looking for luxury to show off to your friends. I am sure the fast performance will be enough to leave your friends talking about your phone for weeks.I am very satisfied with this cellphone.I also strongly recommend you buying it from eXpansys Inc., they were really nice and such. Although I do not take any blame or responsibility for anything.

I won't forget it. &#304;f I only didn't order it. No charge, No operator signal access. &#304;t is not reliable I am sure

The phone is very good as I want. Also it didn't take too long time to get it.One thing I didn't expect was that label of phone is written in Spanish. But it doesn't matter..Anyway I'm very satisfied with this phone.

The phone resets itself and turns off and on independently.There are many reports on such an issue with this phone over the internet.If you buy it here, you will have... NO WARRANTY.Added after a couple of days:a piece of paper attaching the battery to the contacts solved the issue. Yet, it was frightening.

Bought it 2.5 years ago and still working as a charm!Reliable, large developers community.@ 2013 nexus phones are probably a better bargain though...

The phone is excellent but the seller "A to Z Wireless Solutions" is bad!, they forgot to include the earphones on the package. I didn't have the time to return it or request the earphones (travel) but I had the luck that Amazon put a refound on the earphones (it was fullfilled by Amazon)... About the phone, I've had it for like 6 months without issues. The colors on the screen are amazing, no slowness thanks to the dual core processor and the overall battery life is good (I charge it every night), just keep in mind that having your cell data enabled (2g or 3g) drains your battery a lot faster!!The camera is very good... excellent pictures, although I would like it to be a bit faster, specially for movement pictures.About voice recognition, it's very good but a disadvantage for me is that it rely on being connected to the internet for everything (uses the Vlingo engine). I don't have internet connected all time and in my car I would like to be able to perform calls via bluetooth only by saying the contact name, that's not possible any more :(Despait those minor details the phone is excellent, I totally recommend it!

This phone shows how to improve on an excellent product, and produce a market leader technologically wise.The phone works smoothly as you would expect it to, and offer an amazing Screen, and on top of that a superb camera.

This is a very bad buying experience. The phone is a sencondary item, absolutely. The camera is broken very seriously. The key on the screen does not work.I want to give it zero, but you don't give me the chance.

I'm going back to the iPhone. There are far too many bugs inthis phone.Many of my Apps from a previuos Android phone do not work, although they all come from the marketplace. Apps that use the camera are the worst!I sync with Exchange. WIth this phone email search on the server does not work. Also, Calendar entries made on the phone appear as invitations on the desktop. Worst of all, the phone automatically downloads HTML images, which puts me at risk from Spam.I looked everywhere for a solutions but didn't find any.

Must people is talking all the time about what is better, iPhone 4S or Galaxy S2. I don't want to do the same, so I will try to focus on what I liked and what not about my new S2.The good ones:-Looks pretty cool-Screen has great colors-Very light weighted-Responds inmediately to touch commands, not delay at all.-Good voice recognition (uses Vlingo) even in spanish (that is my native language)-Works flawlessly and quickly with ICS (last version oh Android)-Lot of game and apps (and all the ones tested from Google Play works perfectly)-Speaker is usefull (in other smartphones that I testes before the speaker has low volume or a lo of noise, S2 is not the case)-Fast wi-fi operation (for example downloading or updating apps)-Signal strengh is good and you can hear clearly (even with low signal power)-GPS works as expectedThe bad part:-Short battery life (1-2 days depending on the use, and once you have it you want to spend a lot of time using it)-Camera is good (to be a phone camera) but to be honest, I will never change my DSLR for a phone, so for must people camera should be ok, but if you love your "real camera" as I do, this is too far away.-KIES (I really hate that software, to me its from the past century)-Keyboard (I still haven't found something to type better that my Blackberry, even the swype keyboard -that is a lot better that the normal one- is not so accurate or faster -at least for me- that a "real" qwerty keyboard.I really recommend this phone, is great!!

El mejor tel&eacute;fono que he tenido hasta la fecha, excelente pantalla, velocidad insuperable, muy buen dise&ntilde;o y el mejor sistema operativo a la fecha en mi opini&oacute;n,lo vengo usando un par de meses y todo funciona correctamente; viene con el empaque original y accesorios.

I have the iphone 3gs and bought this for my travels out of the country, mostly to Costa Rica which uses 3G @ 1900 frequency (same as att). Since the new iphone is timed to replace the millions who upgraded to the 3gs I imagine many may wish the comparison points I will make here- 1st you can change the sim card when you travel so this huge ! To have a smart phone that is on par with an iphone to take wherever I go for very low cost is great. Also iit has internal storage of 16 gig and you can add an additional 16 gig card for very low cost. As well I was told you can bump it up to a 32 gig card. Apple wants a lot of $ for the extra memory in all its devices clearly a rip off when memory is now cheap. Ok the new iphone still has no ability to read flash...What is up with that?? I guess there was some feud with adobe and apple (yes everyone hates adobe for incesant udate prods and price gouge but to restrict cuttomers from navigating to certain sites will in the end hurt apple.It is obvious apple does not want you to shop on amazon so they restrict the abulity to fully use the site.It seems un-democratic and petty not to mention a pain in the ass not to be able to listen to music or watch certan videos. I dig previewing music on amazon which has so much more eclectic and rare downloads with better bitrates. Also I can read adobe pdf files perfectly. Also there are all the same apps for the phone, available on amazon or marketplace. I use Stitcher, Sonos music system, Netlix,etc  all the apps are the same which I really had no idea since I have used itunes .I know the battery use has improved with the new iphone 4 but this phone lasts incredibly longer than my 3Gs .Using an iphone during a call and your battery dies is  the most maddening thing, is, as after you plug the phone in, it takes the phone a minimum 5 minutes to re boot. This phone starts right up-The camera is fantastic it has a good processor with rich color and good in low or bright light situations.  I  use an in camera hdr processor and it is so fast with the dual processors that it turns out  great results. the iphone 3Gs was Very Slow w/HDR However the new iphone has the similar flash and 8 megapix I found the light meter very good, night shots are surprisinglygood.I have a Lumix LX5 which is one of the top cameras and the auto flash in the same scenes were very close. The sound chip is better in this than the iphone the speaker while mono is much better than the 3gs and as well the ear buds given with the phone are leaps ahead of those horrible standard issue white apple ear  buds that sound really bad and never fir your ears. I just returned from costa rica and have a very remote jungle home. Imagine my joy at being able to stream a netflix movie on the much larger screen on this phone! I did not intend this review to knock the iphone as I love the iphone, I just feel that since the new iphone came up a bit short of my expectations  no flash same size etc) this is at least as good and better in some areas. I was planning on buying the new iphone for my wife and I, as our contracts are up, but since lackluster iphone 4 reports are in, come on apple all you did was fix the lousy atennae and add voice prompt which this phone has.... Put in 2 processors which this phone has.I cant see how the new iphone is an improvement over this. The only downside for an ex iphone-ee is there is a learning curve and you have to set everything up with a google account and somehoJw it keeps wanting me to "synch" everything so I finally did, not knowing what I was doing , lost ALL my phone numbers and gained 1000 skype contacts with invalid numbers.So there you are,the last statement explains why this not a technical review!!I promise however, my 5 year old and I will be using the 2 cameras on this phone to do 2 way international video skype for pennies/minute. Finally, the greatest apps for international travellers are skype and stitcher which lets you listen to essential podcasts at your leisure.Netflix once you get the app with your account in the US has an app to tweak for overseas useage .The wife may want the familiarlity as will many blindly line up to order the new apple phone. This may be the one to break the chain . I am ready for a new mac but phones drive their profits so I think we just saw a major mistep. Im keeping this phone.

the international version comes with radio  enabled this one do notthey did not write it down, because they knew we wouldn't had buy itthe phone is great, but i hate to be tricked.

very light weight, thin and fast! It has dual-core CPU and it is responsive. I am happy with it so far, there's nothing more to say: Currently the best phone...

does it works with t-mobile?does it works with t-mobile?does it works with t-mobile?does it works with t-mobile?does it works with t-mobile?does it works with t-mobile?anybody can tell me? thanks a lot

This product worked only the first month and we a software update was made the IMEI code was deleted and there have been no way to solve the problem. This phone is sold with a model version that is not the one inside the phone... I have wasted  $254.00 for nothing. Do not buy this product!

This smartphone had water damage.  When I call my service provider and tell that I got a new phone and have problem hearing, they ask me to look at strips under battery and it was blue.  The technician told me that if strip is blue, it means that phone has water damage.

This mobile is amazing. My last one was a Motorola Q11 that didn't work with skype, so now I m free. There are many stuffs to get from Android Marked.

This is my first Android device (I had 3 iPhones before it), and I don't think I'm ever going back to Apple. This phone is so much more responsive and capable. The camera is second only to some Nokias, and the video camera is phenomenal. I have the German version (rooted), but have access to the US app store with Market Enabler. The home screen button makes coming from iOS even easier than you'd think. The only problem I have is the battery life, but that's to be expected with a current generation smart phone (dual core especially). This is easily ameliorated with the inclusion of a both a dedicated wall charger AND USB charger included (make sure you pick up a USB car charger.. I have [...] and it works great). If you're in the market for a new phone, this is it. I purchased mine at T-Mobile.de for 500 euro, which is why I'm not a verified owner.

Good things:- Awesome screen - all the greatness of OLED (perfect blacks, high contrast, looks good in direct sunlight) without the ugliness that was PenTile. Here you just get the bright, popping colors. Oh, and at 4.3", it's a pleasure to look at from any distance. The resolution is still 800x480, though. Wish they'd up it to match iPhone.- Very light. I mean, VERY light. Samsung wasn't kidding when they stressed that point. Considering the size of this thing, it's very hard to believe. When you put the phone into someone else's hand for the first time, they usually are confused because they expect it to feel more "solid", and not so featherweight.- Fairly thin. Good if you wear your phone in the pocket of your pants.- The UI is buttery smooth, with no hiccups that are common on all other Android phones I've seen. Not sure if it's Samsung's new powerful GPU (Exynos), software optimizations that they did, or a combination of both, but overall this thing is just as slick as iPhone 4.- It can be rooted, and custom ROMs already exist. No signed bootloaders or other similar malarkey.- It comes with Android 2.3. That means better perf, WiFi tethering/hotspot out of the box, and the ability to tilt and rotate the map in Google Maps - among other things.- It comes with Polaris Office. It is a very nice Android office suite - from what I've seen so far, more full-featured than Docs to Go, QuickOffice etc - especially when it comes to supporting advanced MS Office features such as charts. It cannot be purchased from the market, and only comes bundled with select devices, such as this one or Asus Transformer.- MicroSD card slot, for all those gigabytes of music.- It has CyanogenMod. They've finally got Bluetooth working, so you can use it for everything.Bad things:- Battery life doesn't seem to be so good. It gets through the day, but if you forget to charge it in the evening it won't last you a second day (except if only on standby). It seems to be purely a software issue as people with (unofficial) Android 2.3.5 report much better numbers. Likely going to be fixed when 2.3.5 officially rolls out for XEU models.- It heats up quite a bit when in active use. More so than any other phone I've used. It's not exactly a surprise considering 1.2GHz dual-core CPU and a powerful GPU, and I suspect that ultra-thin form factor makes cooling less efficient than it could have been otherwise. Overall it's tolerable, but very noticeable.- Some applications seem to be showing images in 16-bit color rather than 32-bit (particularly the browser). This leads to nasty dithering artifacts, especially on bands of clear colors and gradients. Head to XDA-developers forum for Galaxy S II for more details on this. It seems to be a software issue, so future updates may solve it.Things to be aware of:- Front is full glass, back is textured plastic. I love the back for the texture, which looks pretty nice and gives a good grip when held, but it's not as "oh, shiny" as iPhone 4. Lack of metal seems to be what makes it so light, among other things. On the other hand, I didn't notice any creaking, so assembly is high-quality.- It runs Android 2.3.4 (as of this writing). However, there is no voice/video chat in Google Talk. Google Voice can be installed (in US) and works fine. There's no clear schedule on official updates so far, but 2.3.5 has been released in some countries and is likely coming soon for XEU version.- Android is not stock, but Samsung's TouchWiz. This is much less invasive than what you typically see on HTC Android phones, and some changes are fairly nice. But many people prefer stock.

I got this phone for my son who is staying  in Easter Europe for this year and he states it is excellent phone. He is very happy, everything works fine, the screen is perfect, and he no longer carries his Macbook around, because he can do everything on the phone just as well.

Great phone, does all that it claims to do. Only problem is that it won't work on tmobile USA. By not work I mean that it won't support speeds faster than EDGE. Ergo I had to send it back since whats the point of having an internet phone if you can't even get 3g. Other than that the phone itself was awesome and the screen was beautiful. If and when a model comes out for tmobile I will be in line waiting to buy it.

q is assumed I am buying a new phone package and not be very happy and is in very bad taste qa q what the lelefon'm checking my phone charger had scratches and evidence to be used

I bought 2 of these phones. They worked perfectly for the first two weeks, then both of them stopped reading the SIM card. They have a problem with the IMEI. everything else works perfectly. I give it 1 star because I can't use my phone as a phone.

The product is over my expectations. The camera either for film and photograph is really good, and is the main goal of the product. The sound quality is also high perform. The only concern is about the battery.

I have nothing more to say... it's just perfect. Works ok and is a really nice phone. Arrived without problems.

Great phone!! The other reviews say it all, I'd just like to add that it works in Brazil. I'm using a Vivo chip.

I've used the product for less than 90 days and it doe not turn on.I live in Argentina and they refuse to repair it since it's greymarket.I have searched amazon and couldn't find a way to contact the sellerAny suggestions on how to proceed ?Thanks

OMG... Finally!!! I have my phone, it is so fast! I loved it! It is true that the battery might run out really quick but that happens if you leave too many apps working in the background, just download a kill app and you'll be just fine. The manual came in a strange language... german or something like that, but thats not a big deal since you can download the manual in english or spanish. I Strongly Recommend it!!

battery can last barely half day even short than my laptop;body becomes hot to melt when gaming;too bigger to hold with one hand;drop calls in weak signal area;can not be heard due to lacking of background noise cancellation;gps not functioning;extremely high return rates, easily become a dead brick without coupling with warranty;NOT BE FOOLED BY 5 STAR COMMENTS.

Pros: Performance, Screen, Design, Camera, Battery, An Overall well rounded SmartPhoneCons: Plastic body Particularly the Battery cover (I would have preferred metal, even though it would have added a tiny bit of weight)Summary: The Samsung Galaxy S II is absolutely amazing and I would recommend it to anybody looking for a smartphone, first-time and experienced users alike. There seems to be absolutely no lag on this phone whatsoever & flash plays perfectly. The screen is absolutely Vibrant & Crisper looking then advertised, The Colors pop and are not over-saturated like the first Galaxy S. I'm using this phone in Kuwait and there has been no call quality issue whatsoever. It is the thinnest phone on the market which explains the lightweight plastics they use to make it so light. With that being said I don't recommend you use this phone with out a very good protective case like an outterbox. I bought 2 extra Hyperion batteries (because they have the smart chip that wont let you overcharge the battery), 1 USB EVO sync Dock/Batt. charger, and an anti scratch Zagg shield (because it will keep all scratches away from the screen and the body of the phone so when the next model comes out your current phone will be resaleable in like new condition :-) with the Dual core processors on the Galaxy S II you get the fastest phone in the world. This will probably remain true for another year or two until Tegra 3 processor phones come out. Finally, I understand that apple has successfully brainwashed us all into thinking we need them but,I've slowly come to like the advantages of Android based phones & with a little bit more time the Android market will be even with Apple. The Galaxy S II Phone itself is better than iphone4 but we know its the apps that have us all zombified into the apple world. Soon the Android app and iphone app markets will be neck and neck. So don't be afraid to jump of the apple band wagon NOW.

It's a better phone than my previous one (HTC Inspire HD).The only bad thing about it is you may have to deal with &#34;Sleep of death&#34; problem (I have minimized the issue it by disabling some features I didn't use but I haven't been able to completely solve it).

The Phone is great! i am a n apple user and fan, but i need a phone that is always trying to make peoples lives better and more practical, i am tired of apples (money first) ways.the screen is great! better than the galaxy s 1, and if u are not up close it might be even better than the retina display on iPhones.i like an iTunes free phone! size is still comfortable to the hand, more than 4.3 is not practical to use.lightweight, compared to the iPhone feels a bit cheap, but anything will without glass and much metal will.fast as hell!just great, if u use iPhone u will love this even better!JUST DONT BUY FROM YAPPERS WIRELESS THEY SELL AN UNSEALED OPEN BOX PHONE. AND WHEN I EMAILED THEM, THEY TRIED TO FIX EVERYTHING BY JUST SAYING, RETURN IT IF U DONT LIKE IT OR DONT BELIEVE ITS NEW.MAKE SURE ITS SEALED.REMEMBER AVOID YAPPERS WIRELESS.

MY FIRST SMARTPHONE, NEVER LIKED BB AND I LIKED TO USE DUAL SIMS PHONES, ALTHOUGH I HAVE AN IPAD AND I MAY HAVE BOUGHT AN IPHONE TO STAY IN THE SAME LINE... I LIKE THE GALAXY SII MORE, LIGHTER, SLIMMER ETC, ETC, WHAT I LIKE THE MOST? THE STARTING PROCESS IS FAST, BECAUSE I HAD TO START IT SEVERAL TIME AND RESET IT TAKING THE BATTERY OUT BECAUSE IT GOT FROZEN, SPECIALLY USING THE CAMERA AND I STILL DONT KNOW WHY, BUT LATELY IT HAS BEEN BETTER AND HAVENT NEEDED TO RESET IT.AS AN INTERNATIONAL PHONE VERSION IT CAME WITH NO ENGLISH MANUAL, NO ORDINARY OUTLETS PLUGS, BUT HassleFreeCell HELPED ME SENDING AN ENGLISH VERSION LINK AND CHANGED THE PLUGS CONVERTERS BECAUSE THE BATTERY DIDNT CHARGE, BUT I BOUGHT AN ORIGINAL CHARGER, VERY RESPONSIBLES AND A VERY CONCERNED COMPANYSORRY ABOUT THE ENGLISH......

Great phone! Like it.got this phone on time. I am 100% satisfied!It's unlocked no problem outside USA. Recommended for all.

this cell phone doesn't function. I can use it and it is iumpossible to repair it. I am very angry for buy this cell phone. I want my money come back!

Although this phone came unlocked, it came fully (and annoyingly) branded with T-Mobile Germany logos, sounds, and bloatware.  The default language is German, but thankfully the seller includes clear instructions on how to change the language to English.  The problem is once the phone was upgraded to Android 4.0.4, the instructions were no longer useful, as the UI had changed.  Thankfully, it wasn't too difficult to change languages back to English after the phone resets after software upgrade.  Since this is a German phone, it comes with a EU charger.  Again the seller has stepped up and provided a EU to US adapter, which is an added bonus.I can confirm this phone is unlocked, as I have been able to use SIM cards from SE Asia as well as American AT&T; and T-Mobile SIM Cards.  The one feature this phone lacks is NFC, which was included in the US version AT&T; Skyrocket, but that isn't a deal breaker here.

Flawless speed and accuracy. The physical home button is the only negative aspect of it. Having upgraded from an HTC Incredible to this is like day and night. Better Wifi tethering, a screen that is visible in daylight doesnt drain the battery half as much and with much more real estate, it all goes together into one very compact phone. The battery will last all day (even if you use the phone for all its features!)This is what the Android market needed. Keep your 3D Evo ... I'll take this phone any day, especially considering the lack of bloatware or signed boot loaders and impending cyanogen mod.

Please make sure you read the one star reviews about products. I am not giving the product itself one star, but the whole situation. Please keep in mind as noted in the item title "NO WARRANTY" this is so pathetically true. Two months into purchasing this amazing phone, it all of a sudden will not turn on anymore. Its completely dead. I contacted the seller and he was more than helpful, not. He suggested I contact Latin Samsung, as he wants nothing to do with making his customers happy. Latin Samsung is a joke and they do not want anything to do with USA/CANADA.I was basically left high and dry with a phone I spent over $600 for. I finally talked to samsung usa and they offered one of their repair depot companies that I could PAY someone to fix it for me. In case this happens to anyone else who purchases this phone in this particluar situation,here are the details. You can call Service Absolute at 1-514-738-8333, and they should be able to repair any phones provided by samsung.The Galaxy S2 is the most amazing phone, and now that I have had it, I cannot go to any other phone. I suggest people only purchase items in which to seller will actually back their products they sell.

Will this phone even be updated and supported after the next two months? Android fragmentation and lack of updates and support plague many users and it's an absolute nightmare for developers. This issue can't be ignored in a review of this phone because it is probable that it will affect your experience, but maybe this issue won't affect you as much depending on your needs and technical ability. Feature phones and other smart phone ecosystems have suffered from fragmentation before(such as WinMo 5-6), and  most users hardly noticed or cared for years as long the phone worked and its features were suited for task XYZ. Admittedly, I am speaking from the perspective as an avid technophile, early adopter, code tester/sometimes active mobile platform developer, but before I digress too much I'll speak mostly about this phone which I've been using nearly everyday for the past 2-3 months.---edited: 10/27/2011(Day later)---Update: 10/29/2011 (See below)---Update: 11/15/2011 (See below)---Update: 01/12/2012 Very important (Test Driven ICS - See below)--- * Background * ---I am no fanboy. I've owned a LOT of smartphones that ran different OS's with the exception being BlackBerry.  Starting with Windows Mobile 6, to the original iPhone, Nokia N79,  and working through to the iPhone 3GS, Motorola Cliq, G1, cherishing the Nexus One, maintaining an EVO 4G, using a Samsung Captivate, an iPhone 4, HTC HD7, Infuse 4G and I've used and sold a few others. This phone has been the most satisfied I'd been with a phone to date, so... with over a 100 reviews on Amazon alone and millions already owning this 5 month old phone here goes my 2 cents.--- * Overall * ---Overall, the phone itself is fantastic. As of today, this phone easily garners 4 out of 5 stars. I believe if you already have this phone or simply can not wait to upgrade from a feature phone or older smart phone that you would be satisfied with this phone. However, if you can afford to wait a couple months then I highly suggest you wait until the holiday season of 2011 or even into the first quarter of 2012.---  * Hardware Pros * ---- Form Factor: Simply put this device is the best device I've held in my held. It's deceivingly light and after using it everyday for the past few months picking up other phones feels weird. The "old lady"  had been using the original EVO 4G and I almost felt sad for her that she was even carrying it around. It felt like a brick in comparison. This is at the borderline of the size range for what I'd want in a phone that works exceedingly well for both portrait and landscape. I don't have big or small hands, and I don't think I would want to do any prolonged typing/messaging on a virtual keyboard with s device that has dimensions any longer or wider.- Screen: Mentioned many times that the screen is amazing. I wish the resolution was set higher using qHD or better.- Dual Core Processor/16 GB Storage/SD Card: Compared to every other Android Device I've used this thing is a speed demon. It has 16GB of storage and an SD card slot. Check.- 8MP Camera: I'll list this here.  Megapixels don't mean everything. Samsung did a nice job with the optics and rendering on the camera app for this S2. 1080P video recording is okay. It's almost on par with a cheaper point and shoot camera I got almost two years ago that does 1080P.  You might be fairly impressed recording video and with the quality of the pictures given good lighting and a steady hand. If you're trying to capture something more than 15-30 feet away depending on the lighting conditions or while you're moving and panning around or recording sporting events you'll still realize that it doesn't perform well enough to replace an HD camera or HD camcorder.--- *Hardware Cons* ---I don't like that the power button is opposite the volume buttons. It sometimes leads to accidental presses of the button on the opposite. There have been a few times when the phone was on silent/vibrate mode, I hear the phone vibrate, pressed the button to check the message, put the phone away, and then I hear the next message because I accidentally hit the volume up button. Also, it is true that the phone does get hot. It doesn't get so hot that it affects using the phone. I would say that it gets alarmingly warm. I only experience this if I'm using polling GPS while streaming data over 3G or using the Wifi Hotspot feature.--- *Hardware Neutral* ---- Home key/button is a physical button. This was definitely different than any other Android phone I've used that had capacitive buttons. I liked it for the convenience of not always having to press the power button to turn the display on. This was something I grew accustomed to doing by pressing the trackball on the Nexus One and the home button on the iPhone, but Samsung was definitely not helping their case in their disputes with Apple and I speculate it may partly be the reason the US versions all use the traditional capacitive buttons.- Plastic material is fine for me. I've noticed some micro abrasions that occurred on the rear below the battery cover before I ordered and received my case. It's not noticeable. I just feel that there is always some sort of compromise between weight, scratch resistance, ruggedness, etc when OEMs use different materials.- It lacks a search button. I sometimes miss the convenience of not having to press the menu button to search through Gmail and other applications. However, I understand it was sacrificed for the physical home button which makes the device more unique. Also, because this only has 3 hardware/capacitive buttons vs the more common 4 button configuration in most US Android devices I am not sure how this phone will incorporate some of the newer features of Android 4.0 such as application management. That is when/if this is updated to Android 4.0 (see gripe below)- Well, this thing is a phone. Call quality is good for me using AT&T.; It's not great. Reception is probably a 7 or 8 out of 10. The speakerphone is just okay. The sound seems thin to me. I never had any issues with bluetooth pairing/connections out of the box aside from using a couple headsets I later faulted after realizing they were crappy refurbishments. I also haven't any experienced any problems with data. My service won't come anywhere close to the theoretical speeds on the device(not its fault).- Out of the box battery life is good enough to last you throughout the day. Evening/overnight charging is required like nearly every other smartphone used moderately throughout the day for phone calls, web surfing, checking email, apps, etc. Don't expect to be able to do substantial video playback/streaming or gps without access to a charger.--- * OS / Firmware / Software Pros * ---- Obviously, this phone being an international version means that it is unlocked. That is a big pro if you travel and means that it's one less phone call to your cell provider if they even support unlocking your device. Another obvious pro for me is that this runs a sanctioned version of Android 2.3.x which permits a lot of powerful customization and the typical Google services Android is known for out of the box. If you've never used a smartphone before you will be very impressed. If you're coming from another smartphone you will appreciate the customizability and the ability to quickly access certain features/settings via widgets, notification bar, or your own custom shortcuts. Some users can be overwhelmed, and a lot of times I've helped people with their Android phones only to hear them say, "Oh wow I didn't know I could even do that."- Because this is the international version Wifi tethering is available for use out of the box. You can bypass paying your carrier extra for data you are already paying for when needed for the occasional Wifi hotspot. This is something that shouldn't be abused. You may feel guilty later if caught or when you receive your bill. There's no need to root/hack/jailbreak your device with this.- Touchwiz: The newest version is a major improvement and has been noticeably lag free +99% of the time. Some of this is due to the dual core processor but much of it is likely due to the fact that this version of TouchWiz is partly hardware accelerated. Features like using the virtual keyboard within the Dialer / Phone App to type the name and quickly find a contact (a "feature" that should've already been part of vanilla versions of Android 2.3.x) and some other things are welcome additions that can eliminate the need for 3rd party software and just add a nice touch to the device.--- * OS / Firmware / Software Cons * ---- A big negative for me was finding out that you have to register for a Samsung account to get push notification updates for your phone. I barely tolerated this crap from Apple with them and iTunes, and I see no reason why Samsung feels that they are a distinct name-brand or deserve the trustworthiness of my user information (even if it's just an e-mail). I think the excuse may be due to OTA updates not being done via the cell carrier. You can still download and install the OS / Firmware updates from online or use Kies from your desktop, but I feel like I'm being strong-armed for information or into installing an application on my PC.- Out of the box Vlingo is used as the default voice search and anytime you press the home button twice the app is launched. That can get annoying.- I don't mind UI customizations. TouchWiz isn't bad like it was on the Captivate, but I don't like crapware installed on my phone. Samsung includes their apps for you to use like SocialHub, MediaHub and Kies which I detest because some are only useful when integrated with your Samsung account.  There are apps available in the market that can do what Kies does but better and work on multiple platforms and devices. You don't have to use these things. You can use a custom launcher and hide these apps or simply ignore them.--- * The real gripe * ---Everything below knocks off a star from my perspectiveFive months after its release this is still the best Android phone IMO. Yes, it would have been nice if the phone had a higher resolution at release, but the resolution is still adequate. My real gripe for any prospective buyer today is with the OEM and Google's treatment of the Android ecosystem. It's simply a mess. Almost three years ago to the date Android was introduced with the G1. A little over a year into its existence as a proud Nexus One owner I joined a growing enthusiastic Android user base with the original Droid owners (a Verizon marketing blitz that's still associated with all Android phones) and was excited by its features and potential. I remember the HTC EVO 4G being featured on Oprah before its release in mid 2010. There were probably a couple dozen Android phones then. There are over a 100 different Android phones/devices worldwide and despite user advocation about the "openness" of Android right now it can be a complete open mess. Fragmentation is absolutely horrendous and suppert, interoperability and compatibility varies wildly across devices. If you want to video chat someone using something popular like Skype then you need to know if your device and their device is supported. The EVO 4G has had a camera bug since its release. It's been poorly managed because of poor OEM support. You could use Google Talk if your OEM has released an update for your device. Sorry, EVO 4G you're not included even though you were the most popular smartphone on Sprint. There are a lot of new and very good games being released on the Android Market lately. Some of them are only compatible targeted at devices with Tegra 2 chipsets, so this device (Galaxy S II - I9100) is not supported. I played Madden 12 on the iPhone and saw it in the Android Market. I figured I'd try it out but the Galaxy S2 is not supported. Ironically, the Galaxy S Captivate is supported.Google will patch some of these issues with the upcoming release of Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) but after reviewing the software developers kit I can tell you that 90% of the problems concerning fragmentation will remain. Documentation, and compatibility testing tools still leave much to be desired. The kernel API's still does not unify support for the most popular modern and soon to be released chipsets which means availability from the more demanding games soon to be released will still vary wildly from device to device with varying chipsets. This will still be a nightmare for game developers. Google developers are encouraging developers to use unsigned API's to take advantage of features that may or may not work! As a contributor to various devices in the Android developer community It's as if Google is content with incrementally releasing (sometimes half-baked) new features to keep the community interested all the while knowing that much of their gains in market share of mobile advertisement is coming at the expense of feature phones being cannabalized by lower end Android sold for cheap. It creates multiple ecosystems. One for the lower end Android phones sold for cheap catering to the feature phone market, a market for the enthusiast wanting a premium device, and those who are casual buyers wanting a premium device. It is the latter group that gets screwed when their device is left unsupported roughly 6 months after its release. There is no focus on building a coherent Android ecosystem that addresses this issue that would satisfy expectations and the broader user experience (I'd go so far as to split it and improve the market so that app compatibility is further addressed). Nothing dampens an experience more than a new user who starts to research their new phone and its capabilities, hears about so-and-so app, realizes he can't find it in the Market and discovers his device isn't supported. It doesn't matter (help or hurt) that there are other marketplaces for apps. A year ago the ecosystem was wildly split between Android 1.x and Android 2.x devices. I see a complete repeat of this occurring again in the near future with Android 2.x devices and Android 4.x devices.The OEMs are only concerned with increased hardware sales and are poorly trying to differentiate themselves with their custom UI's (e.g. TouchWiz) which creates a more fragmented user experience regardless of the adoption of Android 4.x and beyond. OEMs have a less vested interest in upgrading your current device versus luring you to upgrade/purchase a newer one. The S2 has been out for 5 months and the US versions have been out for less than a month and there has been no official statements that even hint that this device will be updated to Android 4.0 which has been in development now for over a year and the first device to be released with it is made by none other than Samsung themselves.  Though, there is no roadmap for device updates that include a device that's not even 6 months old but they have a product release roadmap that includes an HD version of the Galaxy S2, the Galaxy Nexus, and the Galaxy S3. That's not very encouraging to a prospective buyer.The reason this long-winded gripe is included is because it is frustrating if you are a prospective buyer not knowing which camp will you fall into two+ months from now.  That is roughly 7 months after the device was released.I went through this before for almost two months after getting the Motorola Cliq shortly after its release. After being stuck on Android 1.6 searching the market for voice navigation apps and watching Google Maps Voice Navigation being shipped on a phone made by the same company called the Motorola Droid with Android 2.0 I got irritated, sold the phone, and upgrade to the Nexus One upon its release. It wasn't until many many months later after many devices were already updated to 2.2 that the Cliq was finally updated to Android 2.1 and I am glad that I made the decision to abandon it and got the Nexus One. I can only imagine the frustration for users who signed 2 year contracts to get that phone. I imagine my view on Android would be completely different if I were in a different situation.Maybe you don't care about all of this. Maybe you just want a good phone for your personal use and you are satisfied with this feature set and you don't really care about app or game compatibility or for interoperability with other devices. This phone is sold without contract. Thankfully, if you make the decision to get this phone you won't be stuck into a two year contract but considering the price range this phone is being sold for right now you may just as well be stuck with buyers remorse another 2-3 months from now. I am speaking from experience.Of course, there are those who would say that you could simply root the device. There are various ROMs available out there. Problem solved, right? They aren't living in reality and are completely ignoring that over 95% of phone buyers aren't enthusiasts, tech geeks, etc. Mostly everyone who uses a has a life that very likely includes an occupation, kids, other reason for lack of time or motivation/comfort to dedicate an entire evening downloading and installing Samsung Kies, USB Drivers, ODIN, ROMs, other root kits, etc on their computer, carefully following instructions in sequence while risking not being able to use their phone the next day.Hopefully, this review helps you. It was written for potential buyers in mind. If something changes I will update this below. Thank you for reading.---Update: 10/29/2011Reports from Samsung Italy state that the Galaxy S2 will be updated to Android 4.x (Ice Cream Sandwhich). No release dates were given nor confirmation of which Galaxy S II variants/versions would be receiving the update. Let the OEM games begin. If you were interested in this phone today I want you to know I still believe that for a device being sold today with a dollar sign before a number north of 500 that you are better off waiting a few months if you can for the Galaxy Nexus(the Google supported device series) or the coming refresh of the Galaxy S series or something similar.---Update: 11/15/2011Starting today, Google will begin releasing the source code for Android 4.0.1 which will allow the OEM developers to update their devices. Still, there is no word whether the I9100 will be updated. The report from Samsung Italy has not changed but reports from carriers in Korea are stating that the Samsung Galaxy S II HD will be updated. The Galaxy Nexus is expected to launch in certain regions later this week with more carriers in other regions expecting to begin sales by 11/25/2011 which should mean that a lot of update and developer news should begin sometime next week. Side note: There is a security flaw in the I9100 that may affect some users using older firmware.---Update: 01/12/2012Hopefully, within a month you should see an ICS update for the I9100. I've been using/testing a couple Android 4.0.3 ROMs based off leaked builds by Samsung (CM9 the most) for the past few weeks. Let me tell you, ICS doesn't just breathe a breath of fresh air into the device it gives it a whole new life. I don't care for TouchWiz 4 being skinned on top. Touchwiz is far less meaningful now thanks numerous improvements, but I understand the OEM's need to keep familiarity for those less inclined to modify.It's been dull. Development across the board from the major players has been slow and hard release times scarce the past few months. In the meantime, I've had the chance to play with Windows 8 and be one of the rare users of a jailbroken iPhone 4S. Let me tell you that Android 4.x is one of the most impressive OS's I've seen and CM9 is probably the most impressed I've ever been with any OS for any platform. Numerous small changes have resulted in a big leap for the Android platform. I didn't think a change in what font was used would be a big deal but the added clarity from the new font on the S2's beautiful AMOLED screen makes it that much more impressive. Even with its lesser resolution in a side-by-side comparison with a Galaxy Nexus the S2 still holds its own. One of my original concerns was task switching. Holding down the home button to bring up the new task switcher. The ease of use for swiping and navigating the notification tray and the task switcher make operating a small device that fits in your hand as easy as navigating your desktop. It's not as easy as the Galaxy Nexus virtual buttons, but this has been seamlessly addressed for the S2. Every single Android device with 1GB of RAM and a 1Ghz processor needs to be updated to Android 4.xWhen a stable release of Android 4.x is finally released my chief complaint in this review may not be as valid, but my argument remains when it comes to value. I can't recommend a nearly one year old product being priced near the same price as when it was released.  However, if you can afford to get it a discount go for it

This phone is awesome. As far as appearance goes, it's *thin.* Like, 8.49 mm thin. Much thinner than the iPhone 3G that I owned previously. Although it's thin, the curved sides allow for easy gripping. The casing itself is plastic, so it feels cheaper than other all-aluminum phones, but its absolute thinness prevents if from feeling cheap. It's a classy phone.The screen is massive (4.3") and beautiful. It's probably the best single feature of the Galaxy S II. You can view the display from all kinds of angles (good for sharing pictures of cats) and the colors really pop. This is all due to Samsung's patented Super AMOLED Plus technology. It's the secret juice that makes the Galaxy S II's screen really stand out when compared to other phones. One semi-downside of the display is that it's resolution is 800x480 and NOT qHD. This means when watching HD movies you have to deal with annoying black bars around the film to maintain the viewing format.The awesomeness of the screen, though, really can't be overstated. It's vibrant. Pictures and video are vivid and really pop off the screen, even in direct sunlight. The viewing angles and contrast are great. Really, a superb screen. Blows my old iPhone 3G's screen out of the water. It's a beauty to behold. Web pages render stunningly.Samsung's S-AMOLED Plus technology also helps with battery life by selectively powering down black pixels to maintain battery life. This means that even though the phone has an impressive two cores clocked at 1.2GHz each and that beautiful 4.3" display, battery life is still impressive. I manage to go two days between charges and that's with fairly frequent usage. I do notice that taking a lot of pictures seems to drain the battery life, though, so you'll want to keep that in mind if you have cats. You should be able to get at least two days of battery life, I'd say. The Galaxy S II is certainly no slouch when it comes to the battery life department.When it comes to internet, this phone supports 21.1Mbps HSPA+ speeds, so downloads are blazingly fast. This is another area where it blows my old iPhone 3G out of the water. Downloading apps feels almost instantaneous and web pages load very quickly. You might want to check if your area is covered by 4G, as coverage isn't that extensive.Camera quality is pretty decent at 8 megapixels. Of course, any professional photographer will want to carry around a dedicated camera, but the Galaxy S II more than suffices at Facebook pictures. One complaint I do have about the camera is that the flash tends to be a little strong and people end up looking like ghosts. Maybe Samsung will do something about this in a software update, I don't know if that's possible or not.One interesting feature regarding photography is that the phone comes with a photo editor app. It's rather lightweight and I doubt anyone could use it for professional touch ups, but for simple things like cropping or stylizing images it's very convenient.The phone can also record video in full HD (1080p). Quality is excellent, like nothing I've ever seen from a phone before. This will eat through battery fairly quickly though, but I'd wager you would still get 4 - 5 hours of usage even if you were recording video the entire time, which you of course wont be doing.As far as software goes, remember that this phone has a powerhouse dual-core 1.2GHz Exynos processor that can handle *anything* I throw at it. The phone is always very snappy. It flies through homescreens, menus, and applications. In Quadrant, the phone scores between 3,000 to 3,400+ and in Linpack it gets about 47 mflops.All in all, this phone is excellent and I'm very happy with my purchase. It's a real upgrade over my old iPhone 3G. It supports blazing fast 4G downloads, has a stunning 4.3" screen powered by Super AMOLED Plus technology, and with two 1.2GHz processors, it can handle any workload that I throw at it.

ill buy this item for sold it.. So when i received this has the &#34;Zte earphones&#34; why? I dont know the signal doesnt work good.. Only with wi-fi. I think is refurbished..

Upgraded from HTC Desire Bravo, god what a difference less than a year makes between two flagship phones.Side-by-side the hardware difference is noticeable, the screen from the galaxy is simply beautiful, the blacks on the screen are so deep colors pop out, the thinness of the profile, the 8MP camera, scratch resistant screen. wow what a phone!But battery life is quite short, I thought the Desire was such a power hog but the GS2 is even worse, probably because of its dual core, but if I can make the Desire last a day after much tinkering, will probably do the same with the GS2 soon.Bought it from a reseller in the streets of HK.  Chinese version is a lot cheaper than the international english versions, bummer.Installed a 32gb micro sd card for most of my multimedia.  the internal 16gb has been eaten by the android and only around 11gb available for consumption, also, direct usb access to the internal memory is a hit and miss, sometimes i can transfer, sometimes I'm barred.  downloaded a third party file manager to augment this shortcoming.Kinda missed the FriendStream widget of HTC, Samsung's social hub feels slick but lacks some of the features of FriendStream.Has yet to use AllShare and Kies air apps, hopefully when i do it would be useful and not become crapware.As of now, totally enjoying every moment with my new phone.

Everything came as described, the phones functionality for incoming and outgoing calls is little to zero. Thought it was my service but service techs have no idea why calling remains non-existent since texting is working as it should; so its either a network issue or functionality issue.

I am in love with my SII......the amoled screen is unreal for a cellphone. The only thing I would change is the battery.....it seems non-existent at times......guess I will just have to deal with it!!!! Still 5 stars!!

The Galaxy is an impressive little gadget.  The screen has really good video.i'm not a really big techie person.  i like function.  I found that this phone promises it can do everything, but try figuring out how to do it.  For example, it takes screen captures all the time when i don't want screen captures.  When i want to take a screen capture, i can't figure out how.  That is par for the course with the phone.  There are tons of shorcuts and tricks and specific ways to do things, but good luck figuring them out.  I'm now having a lot of problems just making it do things like email a photo i took with the phone.  for some reason, it doesn't send.  it is connected to a wireless network and a 3G network, but it doesn't connect.  no idea how i can even troubleshoot.  But more to the point, i don't want to spend 40 minutes trying to get the phone to send a photo... i just want it to work without screwing around.if you are into these tricks and figuring out stupid little techie things, you'll love this phone.  if you aren't, you'll have a phone that can do a lot but is too buggy and not intuitive enough to figure out.

without a head phone n usb its a 3star but its ok other wise ,nice phone great futures its a 3

I bought this phone just passing 1 year now for my wife and a week ago it decided to corrupt the file on the phone that keeps the IMEI number. So now the phone believes it does not have an IMEI number, therefore is worthless as a cellphone because it will not connect to a service. No warranty is posted for this product for a reason, don't waste your time. You might get a few months or a year of good use but eventually the phone will fry it's motherboard, or corrupt the EFS folder containing the phone's IMEI # and kill multiple batteries.

This purchase was my first from the Samsung smart phone brand and I loooooooooooooooooooooove it. Takes excellent pictures. The touch is great as well nice feel and very user friendly. Samsung has got this smartphone thing right. Nice size too very slim.  Since S2, I've gone S3 and 4 and the keep getting better.

the packase was fine, but missing a guide bood, I hope that for the next time will be better. kind regards

This is without doubt the best phone I've had.I will not go into the details since there are many reviews/analyses out there. The three things that make me love this phone are:1) Speed. It is MUCH faster than the Iphone 4 and the motorola Atrix. You open the map and borderline instantly your location is pinned down and you are ready to scroll in and out. I use ADW launcher and the flow of using the phone is very smooth.2) Screen. The phone has a massive 4.3 and gorgeous screen. Even at low levels of brightness the imagine is very clear and crisp, and quite visible at daylight.3) Light and slim. It is the first time I own a phone bigger than 4 inches, and I have to say that my fears were completely unfounded. First of all the phone is lighter and thinner than both the Iphone 4 and the motorola Atrix, so it does not feel bulky even with such a large screen. I find it very elegant and stylish.

This phone was sent to me but i am not pleased with the function of the phone. it sometimes gets so hot that i have to take out the battery to let it cool down before i can use it. The phone is always getting stocked unnecessarily and it will stop working, i always remove the battery before it can start working again. I am about to contact Amazon that this is not a good phone as i am preparing to return the phone. I will not recommend anyone to buy this phone from this buyer.

Some relatives recommended it to me and I really enjoy it since the very first day I have it. Absolutely recommended. I am using it with the venezuelan movilnet network and it works perfect.

Pros:-Android makes you feel so better and free after using iOS. Widgets, navigation, voice control, webex meeting and the list goes on ....The device is soo light, feather light and slim.Display is gorgeous, however at times its too bright. Advisable to have auto brightness always on.Camera is too good when taking still photos and has lots of features like timer, auto-focus, multi-shot etc.Samsung task manager does the job pretty well w/o requiring any 3rd task killer.Samsung kies air lets u access the device wirelessly.Cons:-Average battery life when compared to iphone4 & nokia phones.iOS is still better if you are a big gamer. many gameloft games are yet not available on android.No US warranty, samsung website doesn't even allow to register the phone.

The phone is really awesome, the screen image quality and brightness is the best i have ever seen, the perfect phone to buy.

I paid a lot of money for this phone a year ago. I treated it pretty well, but yesterday I dropped it on a flat tile floor and the digitizer broke. Dead phone. Even though the phone features Gorilla Glass, the display behind the glass is fragile. People drop phones; good ones are made to last. Beside that, the phone itself has kind of a cheap plastic feel. The case cracked a month ago near one of the buttons. I had to pull out my old Razr until I find another phone, and it still works after 9 years! I think this is my last Samsung.

Great phone , slim , faster and complete.Very useful for work and fun! The camera is amazing and the video are in Hd.

This is a phone for users who refused to be subjected to drm infested phones with limited connectivity and lacking the promotion of open standards, like those put out by Apple. This is a phone for those who want the freedom of replaceable batteries, lots of connectivity, lots of speed, an sd card slot, and almost unlimited tweekability. In short, this is a phone for those who expect alot, a phone for those who don't want their music jailed by the like of iTunes.  This is a phone for those who want power and control of their hardware. If your IQ is below average and you like being controlled and told what to do, stay away from this phone-- Steve Jobs will be glad to direct your life from his grave.

The wi-fi did not work well specifically if you were far from the source of the router.  Also, the antenna seemed to be not quite strong as far as receiving the signals.  It was ok in other areas.

I never could have imagined a product like this just a few years ago.  Before buying this smartphone, I made a list of what I wanted when I would make my next smartphone purchase.  I had a Sony Xperia X1, which I didn't like moments after I purchased it mainly because the Internet was pathetically slow, the camera was bad, etc.  This Samsung phone is not perfect, but it's as close to perfection as I could hope it to be.  In fact, I can't imagine a phone in the future that could significantly improve on it; although, I know that will happen.  The Internet is lightning fast--faster than any computer I've used and I have the latest desktop and notebook computers.  Streaming video never needs to rebuffer.  It's always 100% at the beginning.  The camera is amazing--probably not as good as stand-alone digital 8 megapixel cameras or 1080p HD camcorders, but almost.  I've popped recorded HD video onto a 46" HD screen and it looks great.  I don't have a lot of games on it yet, but those I have work flawlessly.  Those using the built-in gyroscope respond perfectly.  FM radio works great as well.  That's a big plus for me.  No 3G or wi-fi is necessary to listen to its FM radio.  It has voice commands.  After programming the voice commands, they work perfectly.  Sound quality from any source is excellent.  It's a very thin and light phone, but in no way does it feel vulnerable to breakage even if one would sit on it.  There's no sensation to carrying it in one's pocket.  The battery does need to be recharged every day with what I would consider to be normal use--that's with fairly heavy use of the Internet.  Of course, the video quality of the screen is perfection.  That's been covered in most reviews here.  I'm not going through all the features of this phone, but there hasn't been one feature I've tried that hasn't worked nearly perfectly.

A very cool phone, great display, very fast, very responsive.Powerfull hardware: it playes HD youtube videos from the desktop version of youtube without any framerate / performance issues.OK camera (its not xenon, but for a phone with this for factor, its really good).Some may not like the build quality / weight. I am OK with plastic and like it light weight - sometimes i forget i have it in my pocket even though it has 4.3 inch display.I recommend it to anyone looking for a powerful Android Phone.

First off, if money is hurting you, then look for another phone. But if you can afford to shell out $700, then the SGS2 unlocked is perhaps the only phone that can justify it.**Camera---best i've seen on a smartphone (barely beating iphone 4)...**Screen---vibrant colors on the samoled+ w/o the pixelated effects on the regular samoled. the 4.25 isn't too big or too small for my taste. although i must add that it looks bigger in real life than it does in the video reviews.**Form factor---Very slim, incredibly lightweight, takes a little getting used to bc the size-thickness ratio. almost feels like holding some type of card...really wish they would have used a smooth battery cover instead of textured.**Build quality---despite the fact the its form and plastics make it seem cheap, it actually feels pretty solid. the batter cover is made of some type of material that makes it very flexible w/o snapping.**Dual core cpu---smooth. but what can I say for 1.2Ghz dual core? other than that, you wouldn't really notice much else difference from a 1Ghz single core...for now anyways.**Media---Codecs that let you play DivX, Xvid, among others is great. Havent really tested games on here, so cant comment on that. DLNA is cool, but I miss the HDMI out.**Battery---I've heard horror stories about the 1650mAh battery life, but I honestly havent seen any worse performance compared to other HTC/Samsung/Moto android smartphones. YMMV**Software---GB 2.3.3 on there with touchwiz 4. TW4 is really starting to grow on me, but I wish it had more and better widgets like an rss news feed, or a friends feed that blends twitter and fb together. Although TW4 widgets look really pretty, some stuff like the keyboard needs more refinement. idk why the call log would display sms sent/received...weird stuff like that are found here and there on the UI...also the app tray SUCKS.**Storage---got the 16gb. VERY HAPPY that it has 16gb internal with a micro sd slot for more. i threw in an old 16gb in there for a total of 32gb. allows it to be a media powerhouse.**Speaker---very loud, yet crisp. HUGE step up from my nexus s 4G.All in all, i'm satisfied with the purchase. not VERY satisfied, but satisfied...however considering the price i paid, that says a lot. this phone is definitely the best android phone out there right now, and if they touch up TW4, it will be the king of the hill until the next generation of sgs launches...4 stars only bc of the price and UI isn't complete...sorry for the lengthy review ;-)

The only thing I didn't like about it is that the installed android version doesn't allow me to change the languaje to Spanish, it only has chinese, korean and english. Anyway, I'll wait until I update the OS to the IceCream Sandwich version.

My brother bought a SII in summer of 2012 for $450 which works great; I bought Samsung i9100 Galaxy SII in July 2013 for $265 which was a complete dissappointment.  It came in an ill-fitting non-Samsung box with a non-Samsung battery.  Though I bought it a year later, mine had an &#34;older&#34; operating system than my brother's which he bought a year earlier.  It would not hold a charge, it dropped calls, it didnot have same wireless Wi-Fi range as my brother's bought a year earlier.  It perfomed so poorly that my brother and I concluded Samsung had sold rights to their SII (S2) to an after-market company who is &#34;dumping&#34; knock-off inferior versions into market at roughly half price.  At half price, this phone is NOT worth it.  I bought it from Deal Grabber who refunded my money in full (a good thing).  I HIGHLY recommend NOT buying this and instead, invest your money in a SIII (S3) or SIV (S4).

I must say this GS2 is the best of the breed of all smartphones out there both in form and design as well as hardware.This specific European design, feels so perfect, balanced and well thought out that you can only appreciate its true beauty when it is in the palm of your hands.I personally like the European design much more over the US versions, especially because of its rectangular shaped (w squared off corners) Home button. It compliments the overall design, look n feel and frame of the phone.In short, no other smartphone (including iPhone) can beat its design and beauty.Pros:-Gorgeous 4.3" Super AMOLED Plus display with 1,152,000 subpixels.-Exynos 1.2GHz Cortex-A9 dual-core processor with Mali 400MP GPU out performs any smartphone (including IP4S) in the benchmark when tested with Android 4.0 ICS OS.-One of the best 8MP Camera sensor with 1080p video recording, panoramic view and much more. The Best out there for outdoor (wider pics), indoor and macro photography when tested.-Thinnest, lightest and perfectly balanced overall design.-Amazing connectivity options via MHL (HDMI+USB) interface to your HDTV, DLNA and WIFI Direct.-Smoothest and seamless Android UI and browsing experience.-Much better battery life than other comparable Dual core smartphones.-Customizable upto the core with Android Gingerbread.Cons:-Expensive

After you spend a few hours trying to figure out how to make your alarm clock play MP3s, orhave your SMS text-mesages simply vibrate, you realize you've spend more of your TIMEthan you saved on the phone.

Excelent product. By far the best smatphone available! Lots of space for apps, very good and large screen and fast and smooth OS.

Was worried it was too big, so i made a cardboard cut out for width, thickness, and height of course and because its so thin it's fine it means you can even get a nice leather case and it still comfortably fit in your pocket. Was going to get a samsung 10.1v, but this is better. i can't believe how easy and good the sgs2 is to browse on the web and watch videos with and is awesome for emails. i won't be using my laptop much anymore at all

this phone is amazing, maybe the gps is a little slow to fix, but the screen is amazing and is very fast, almost lag-free. the bad thing is i bought 2 of them: one came with warranty and the other doesnt... i bought direct from amazon because i think the far you can stay from the third party sellers the better for you.

Having been a Blackberry user for several years but also owning an iPod4 64G, I finally decided to replace my 2-year old Blackberry Curve with a smartphone and went for the Samsung Galaxy S2 Android, which is cheaper than the iPhone and has had generally positive reviews from users.I've been using the Samsung now for a couple of weeks. Before getting into details about a few of the amazing features of this excellent phone, here is a summary of what I really liked about the Blackberry Curve and how the new Galaxy S2 compares:1. It was easy to type text on the Blackberry because it has a physical keyboard which even a user with big fingers can cope with. I was put off on-screen keyboards a couple of years ago by the truly appalling and virtually un-usable Blackberry Storm, but the Samsung is really OK in this department even though its keyboard appears on-screen because the key points are so large, and when you finger a key a larger image of it pops up to confirm which key you have activated.2. The Blackberry's party piece was very easy and intuitive email management, which I need to use all day long for business messages. Well, the Samsung is surprisingly good here too, with the added bonus of a huge screen and the facility to enlarge or reduce text size with a sweep of the fingers, iPhone style. The text clarity is first class.3. The Blackberry has very long battery life and typically I'd only need to charge it every 4 or 5 days, even with heavy usage. The Samsung does not fare well in comparison and needs daily charging, but there's a number of things you can do to prevent high power consumption like turning off features you're not using and not playing music through it (if using the phone principally as an iPod-like music player is important to you, then this Samsung may not be for you as battery life will be reduced to a few hours).4. The Blackberry is small and handy in size, whereas the Galaxy is 3x larger (but about the same thickness) - however in compensation, you get that amazing huge screenFor a really comprehensive techy overview, please look to other excellent reviews of this product. Here's a summary of the main features of this amazing phone from my simpler perspective:* The AMOLED screen on the Galaxy is definitely its star attraction: huge, bright and clear with fabulous colour definition, it's even better than the iPhone or iPod. Designers have finally copped-on that people don't want ever smaller and smaller phones and no-one wants to watch a movie on a screen 1.5cm square; they want something of a convenient size that they can use and read easily at arm's length* Despite the substantial size, it's thin and lightweight at only 116g which makes it no problem in your pocket and a big advantage to a smaller person when making long calls (the iPhone for example is around 20g heavier)* All functions are very intuitive and easy to use - at least as good as the iPod4 with a similar feel* Calls are easy to make due to the big clear graphics and easy-to-follow menus - however it has some minor quirks like you can't answer a call by actually pressing the green phone symbol, you have to `sweep' across it - but once you learn this, everything is OK. The ear-speaker and voice-mike are both very good and very clear; reception so far first-class with no dropped calls* The quality of the image from the camera is also exemplary (but make sure the flash is turned on)* The Galaxy has a standard connect-to-computer/mains charger socket, a micro-USB port located on the base-edge of the phone. Finally manufacturers have chosen (not before time) to stop ripping-off their customers by making them buy new chargers with every new handset and begun to standardize - FINALLY!In summary I'd say if you're looking for a smartphone, the Galaxy S2 is a very serious contender. It's beautifully designed, its screen is absolutely amazing - you need to just use it for a couple of minutes to appreciate how good it is - yet it's lightweight. The menus are intuitive and easy to master; it has loads of optional software and aps (mostly free to the user, unlike with Apple); making calls and managing email is a breeze. It's a weather forecaster, a GPS street-finder and a web browser with astoundingly clear screen definition unlike anything I ever used before.Possible cautions include barely acceptable battery life, and for this it drops a star: if you're a current Blackberry user you'll really notice this, and especially so if you use it as a music player. Also the Galaxy might be intimidating if you're a technophobe who just wants a simple phone to make calls. But it compares very well in all essentials against the iPhone: it's lighter, cheaper and the screen is better, and most of the aps for which Apple charges you, you get with the Galaxy for free.One final point: make sure you buy a good robust case and a screen protector for it; there's plenty of choice and most of them do the job OK.

Most favorable reviews posted here are right on - The Samsung Galaxy S2 is indeed a handsome and capable phone by all measures. It's only slightly heavier (116g) than the HTC Touch Diamond (104g) and yet the functionalities and robustness are several levels above. I just switched from HTC Inspire 4G. Samsung Galaxy S2 is comparable in all fronts but the weight is about one-third lighter - pocket friendly.When selecting Peak Days in Sync Schedule for emails, however, the days selected (for peak hours) need to be in DARK; NOT colored white, which is somewhat non-intuitive. The phone is 5 starred all around except for a few small glitches as such.

It was not a factory unlock phone, IMEI on BOX is different of Phone IMEI.... it seems to be a refurbished phone.Bad quality product, just worked for three month, last night stopped working.  It is not possible to turn it on,

Se sa net, 16 gib memwa int&egrave;n avek memwa ext&egrave;n (Micro SDCard) jiska 32 gib. Camera 8MP bay tre bon rezilta, li pa lou e fasilmen ou ka potele fourel nan poch ou epi li ekipe de teknolojy NFC a

The Samsung Galaxy 2 is a nice phone but the navigation is not working at all. I bought the unlocked version of this product here on amazon and tried it. No changes I would have made myself, no software updates... I used the preinstalled "Navigation" program and the "Google Places" program to check. Both were showing "Searching for GPS" for about 20 minutes, without showing results. I tried it in different places. My car navigation works perfect.Has someone got the same problem?GPS functions do not work! Be aware![...]

All the great reviews of this phone are true! It is a dream to use/play with! Quick, gorgeous screen, sound quality is good, Kies Air is wonderfully convenient & fast & the list goes on. The only con I've noticed so far is as many others have mentioned, the battery life- not great & daily charging is needed if you use your phone quite a bit each day. But it is soooo worth overlooking the yucky battery life  =) Money well spent.

The phone was well packaged, works like a charm except for some issues with the camara which sometimes hangs and the phone must be rebooted. Other than that, a magnificent phone.

Im on my 3rd s2 and each one has had many bugs. Works great at first but after time my phones just randomly start restarting when im in the middle of doing something. ..very annoying.Also the settings constantly pops up while im typing and causes me to go to another screen and sometimes deletes all my text.It also has problems charging. Maybe its just me but like I said this is my third one (2 are refurbished insurance replaced so that might be part of the problem) and ive had the same problems with all of them

So I was really excited about the phone, works great, set up is mostly painless once you know what to do. No manual so it took some time to figure out how to get the USB to connect correctly to my mac. Everything is going great. I call T-mobile & change my plan from a blackberry plan. Then after some testing I figure out that this phone will only work at 2G (Edge) on T-Mobile USA. It will probably work at full speeds on AT&T.;The screen is awesome, it's super fast over wi-fi. Videos/Movies are superb.WILL NOT WORK AS 3G OR 4G ON T-MOBILE USAif you're an AT&T; customer go for it. Otherwise I'd wait till the carrier has is.

Bad equipment. They sold me a chinese product and it wasn't able to recognize my SIM card. Also the material of the cellphone is bad.

The phone is everything I've been looking for. It came with the T-Mobile (germany) software included which was very good and updated with the latest android version.

3G or 4G does not work in the US/ India. Should have checked that before buying. This is for europe I guess.Other than that the product is doing good. Crashes sometimes but thats the OS i believe.Dropping couple of times might crack the top metal like layer.

This product is a piece of crap. NO WARRANTY. Now I know why.The phone lost connection to the mobile network after 2 days of usage. After that it did not want to connect to any mobile network again. Battery life is horrible. 1 day on standby, 3 to 4 hours when using the phone. I should have read the bad reviews before before buying this phone. I know own a very expensive galaxy player. We will see how long it last. If i could give it ZERO stars I would.

I purchased mine last year and it is still going strong and I still love it. I have always only bought Samsung phones because of the reliability. I have never been let down. The only bad thing I can say about this phone is that I did have to replace the battery after a year but that side the phone is brilliant and top quality.

Absolutely incredible.  A great phone, seemingly nothing it cannot do.  Lightning fast, with a bright, high resolution screen.  Without a doubt the best phone I have ever had.*Only reason not five stars is that the battery life, while adequate, could be better.  You have to really stay on top of the running apps with the apps manager. I am always shutting things down to conserve battery life.  Vtok for Google video is a particularly power hungry app and it starts automatically every time I reboot the phone.  Not the fault of the phone really but worth mentioning I think.  Would I buy again?  Absolutely!  Highly recommended.

I purchased S2 unlocked international version back in November 2011 and till now i never had any trouble using, Phone was beyond my expectations and was just as the seller described including instructions on how to change language from German to English, I never had trouble to upgrade its OS using kies, The phone arrived before ETA and seller was considerate enough to pack in EU to USA plugin adapter for charger, now i want to move on to Samsung galaxy S3 give my S2 to my fiance, my only question is does global mobiles have 32 gigs version of Samsung galaxy s3 unlocked international phone(carrier unbranded), and what all color variants is it available, i found 32 gigs version of phone on amazon but global mobiles is not among sellers list for 32 gig phone, if someone or seller answer my query and link me to the product to purchase it would be greatly appreciated

The phone is excellent, still enjoying it since i got yesterday. so many thing to do,applications,works fast and especially the display is awesome. the price is worth of it!

The phone arrived and was exactly as advertised. It has worked flawlessly since it has arrived, no problems with it at all!

This phone is just great little compute machines that will do everything smartphones do in a fast fashion.It is thin and light, and nicely curved and shaped.

I replaced my Nokia E71 with the SG2. After only having Nokia phones since the 90's I was hesitant to make the switch. I had heard that the Iphone was intuitive and was afraid that the Galaxy platform would be difficult to navigate. My fears turned out to be irrelevant and all the positive talk about the phone absolutely true. However, it does take a bit of getting used too but just about anything "new" does.I have had it for about two weeks and I can say it's a smooth ride from the very first moment I inserted my sim card. I have found the apps offered in the android market plenty. I am a runner and the "podrunner" app which is available in the Istore isn't available for android which is unfortunate.In short it's just a great product. The only reservation I have, and I knew this before I bought it, is battery life. It's not amazing. The phone needs to be charged daily even under moderate use. So keep that in mind.

I won't repeat all the good things about this phone, suffice it to say that it's truly an amazing phone in every aspect, the screen is awesome, the speed too. I've used many smart phones including the ubiquitous iPhone, and the added feature in this phone is the "fun" factor. It might be difficult to explain, but there is a certain pleasure using this phone that I have not felt in any other phone (or a any gadget for that matter). It might be expensive, but this is the best $600 I spent in getting something that gives me such pleasure to use on daily basis.

i bought this phone from the seller  &#34;Cellphone Zone&#34; it had a nice reputation and i trusted that the phone would be in like new condition, when i received the phone, battery was dead, caharger and cable didnt really work either, he refund me $20, got the phone started just to find out that it ONLY works on ONE band (GSM - 900MHZ) i cant even get it to connect to any of the UMTS bands, phone came with 2 different IMEI's, seller told me that previous owner must have change the motherboard, i live in venezuela and its expensive to send the phone back,  phone doesnt work and seller hasnt really help in any way

The phone come on time, brand new. I will not put all the details or benefits of it because are everywhere in the web but what I must said that I even more impressed than what I could ever imagine with the phone. Really worth every dime :)

If you're looking for refurbished damageable phones, this is your choice. The same day i recieved it, two letters of the samsung brand in the back side were missing. Also, three days after the exterior screen was broken. Besides it's not even unlocked: i'm from Venezuela and for Movilnet didn't work (Para Venezuela ni me funcion&oacute;, no est&aacute; desbloqueado.) It barely work for Digitel and the mobile 3G wasn't avaliable.Doesn't worth the apparently good price. I feel scammed.

As with all of my Samsung phones it has a good quality feeling in the hand and has served me well but it only gets 3 stars because after about 9 months it died on me. I had it checked out and was told that the board inside the phone was burned out!!! I was given too much problems with getting a replacement so I bought a different phone. All in all its a good phone but was just my bad luck for whatever reason mine failed. I will still recommend this phone.

Hasta ahora todo bien..... el telefono es exelente y funciona perfecto en Venezuela... con todos los tipos de red disponibles.. 2G, 3G etc... el servicio de compra y envio fue rapido y sin ningun problema... 100% recomendado.

The best phone ever. Fast, good resolution and good connectivity. I will recommend this product, for work and fun. "Do not turn the mobile app ON".

Have used the phone for a little more than a week now. I have owned *MANY* phones, across iphone, blackberry, nexus, samsung galaxy S, ...* Form/Design: neat compact/slim design. By far one of the thinnest phones I have owned. It easily fits into your pocket. The housing has "plastic" back. Having had it in a pocket with keys, ... for a week there are no scratches on the unit. Great design.* Screen - the new screen has excellent contrast and great resolution. Really one of the best screens out there.* OS: uses the latest anroid 2.3.3 very responsive and great performance.* Comms: The phone has about the same signal quality as an iPhone 4. It is not better and not worse. In areas with poor signal it uses a lot of power to stay connected and it will make the unit heat up. Also battery power will drain quickly. That is quicker than an iPhone or a Blackberry. Known problem for Andorid phone. If you live in an area with great coverage not a problem, if you live in an area with average or poor coverage it will imply poor battery performance.* GPS: The GPS performance is OK for navigation (love the google navigator), but it does drain the battery quicker and the GPS performance in terms of accuracy is more noisy than the iPhone.* The camera generates very crisp pictures at 8MP. Quick impressive. The flash is not ideal (ok it is a cell phone and not a camera replacement). For non flash situations you get vibrant pictures of high quality.* Battery performance -- on average the battery lasts a day. Better than the older Galaxy X and on par with the best android phones.Overall a nice phone. If they could generate better battery life it would be close to perfect.

the phone was delivered on time and in great condition. It wasnt for me so i cant get into detail about the fone features. You may need a battery booster app though.

I love Samsung Galaxy, this was my first Samsung phone. I switched from HTC, because I didn't like any of their new models anymore and I don't regret at all. Android is great operating system and Samsung makes the best out of it. I used the phone for a whole year before I sold it and bought the Galaxy Note. But the only reason was because I wanted bigger screen. I can highly recommend Galaxy S2!

EXCELENTE CELULAR, TOTALMENTE DESBLOQUEADO, FUNCIONA CON MI OPERTADOR EN VENEZUELA: MOVISTAR.. LO RECOMIENDO AL 100% AUNQUE ESPERABA UNA CAJA SAMSUNG Y NO UNA CAJA DE SIMPLE CARTON MARRON, TRAJO SUS MANUALE, AUDIFONOS, REPUESTOS DE AUDIFONOS, CALE USB, CARGADOR Y CONVERTIDOR DE ENCHUFE Y POR SUPUESTO EL TELEFONO SIN ALGUN DESPERFECTO.. TOTALMENTE NUEVO, NO RECONSTRUIDO! EXCELENTE NITIDEZ, 8MP DE CAMARA.. SIMPLEMTE EXCELENTE

I like the samsung Galaxy S2 as a mobile Internet Terminal.I mostly use the S2 to surf the web, read and write emails and use it as a WLAN Hot Spot while traveling.And this is also one of the issues I do have with my S2. Often I have to setup my Hot Spot 2 or 3 times until my laptop (and the devices from my friends) can finally login.Not the only bug in the S2 (also didn't disappear when upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich.But definetly more pros than cons.

What can I say that hasn't been already said about this amazing phone? Instead, I'll just confirm that everything about this phone, i.e. the apps and features work like a charm. I am really satisfied.

Does anyone know if the generic unlocked SII phone works on Simple Mobile?  Or do I need to get the unlocked T-mobile version?Currently I am using the old Galaxy (Samsung Vibrant) on Simple Mobile and paying only $40/mo for unlimited talk/text/3G.Would be nice if I could switch up to the SII.

I won't bother going over all the glowing reviews about the phone, as they're all true. The one question that I had, and the one trepidation that I had about buying an unlocked phone, was whether I would have problems at the carrier. I live in Sacramento, CA and have AT&T; and took it into the store and had absolutely NO PROBLEM AT ALL. In fact, I could hardly get out of the place as every rep wanted to play with it. It works like a champ and the 4G works fabulously too.I saw one review where someone didn't like the home button; this is the sole reason that I bought this one. The carrier versions will not have it, which I think is a shame. It's great to have that home button front and center and easily accessible.As for the size, this is much smaller than the AT&T; Infuse 4G and just a little bigger than the iPhone 4. It's a great size because you can hold it and do one-handed functions with it that the big assed Infuse made impossible, unless you have extra long fingers.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!Update: The new hardware improvement that Samsung did for the Microsoft Exchange Server is sweet, as well. Finally, an Android phone that plays well with MS Exchange. I was always frustrated with the lag time from reviewing emails to show up as such on the server, a problem that I never had with the iPhone. Well, it's still not as good as the iPhone, but it's sure better than any other Android that I've tried to date.I just unearthed a sweet nugget: The WiFi hot spot works, with no configuration other than turning it on!! I was powering my iPad at 4G speed. Because there's no carrier bloatware, and nothing is locked down by the carrier's build of the software, everything just works. I still have not been able to get Samsung Kies to work to update my software, but mine came with Android Gingerbread 2.3.4 installed, which I think is the latest anyway.Update: Almost 3 weeks and am loving this phone more than ever. I'm not even the least bit excited about the iPhone 5 coming because it's not going to have a lot that this one doesn't already have. I just got Samsung Kies to work, FINALLY, and was able to get the Android OS software updated to 2.3.5.This phone has no bugs, irritations, nothing, just pure goodness so far. As one of the reviewers commented about the lag when you first wake the phone, but it's such small potatoes to the overall incredible ability of this phone that I don't even count it as a negative. This is the first android phone that I'm not sending back.Oct 12, 2011Still loving the phone. I still have not experienced any problems whatsoever and am getting updates through Samsung Kies. If you're having problems with getting Kies to recognize your phone on your PC, here's how I accomplished it. I went through @#%@#@%$ and back trying to accomplish this and did everything that I could find on the internet to accomplish this, but nothing worked, but this did:Turn off USB debugging from Settings/Applications/Development (if you're using it)Go into USB Settings in Wireless/Networks/USB Utilities and click Connect Storage to PC....it will say Connect to USB.Connect and mount phone's memory, both internal and external.Once it shows up on your computer, dismount from computer by going to your PC tray (where the clock is) and clicking "Safely Remove Hardware" and eject Android device.Go to the Notifications area of your phone (dragging down from the top of the screen) and it will then show in notifications " USB Connected MTP-Initialization"If for some reason it doesn't say that, disconnect the phone from the USB and reconnect it without mounting the storage. It should now say MTP-Initialization.Open KiesOnce connected, it's fairly self-explanatory and you can do a lot with your phone with this program, most importantly, update the Android software.

Adquiri un SGS el a&ntilde;o pasado y para mi es un excelente telefono. Este a&ntilde;o decidi adquirir el SGSII y realmente quede impresionado.Su pantalla es espectacular, el procesador doble nucleo impresionante, 1GB de memoria mas que suficiente para que android se ejecute de una manera muy comoda en el equipo.Lo resumiria en pocas palabras, que bueno es tener todo el poder de procesamiento de una tablet en un telefono.

It's the best celphone (when it's working), but after 3 months, it started to overheating and today it doesn't works anymore.I gonna buy an android powered mobile phone, but not a Samsung hardware anymore...

When I first bought this phone, I was really excited to get it - my first smartphone.  The original phone just simply did not work and I was so disappointed.  After many months of frustration, I took it back to the store and they "replaced" my $200 phone with a rebuilt, previously-owned phone, and charged me $50 for the privilege, which seriously pissed me off.The rebuilt phone worked ok (but not what I would call "good") for awhile, but then began shutting itself off all the time - while I was using it.  I often couldn't use it at all as it would instantly shut itself off.I took it into the Sprint store and the guy took the battery out and put it on the counter and spun it.  He said it was warped and they do that when they go bad.  (A new one won't spin.)  For yet another $50, he could get me a new battery.  Screw that - why didn't they give me a good battery in the first place???I bought 2 batteries from Amazon and now - finally - I think I have the phone I bought.  It's a GREAT phone.The screen is lovely.  I do not believe it has a rival.  Google ops vs. IOS - they both win (and lose) on different factors (I use an ipod touch daily) so that's not really relevant in my opinion.  Google might have a teensy lead.I do have to use wireless to stream (you-tube addict here), but that's more about carrier Sprint than the phone.  I go with Sprint because monthly charge is $30 cheaper.

Like in my invoice said:1 of: Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (NobleCondition: NewSold by: TheArunKhuranaI was expecting to received this product, but when it arrived I found out that the phone was the Samsung i727 and not the i9100. It came without a box, just in plastic bag and the phone had been used before. The phone have many scratches in the battery door. I am very dissapointed with this seller, because I thought that everybody who sells in Amazon are honest and truthful.

Everything is perfect except the front camera has a litlle line on it that i cant remove like its broken

I'm sure you have heard about the good reviews of the Samsung galaxy S2 and Guess what? they are all right.I'm not even sure where to start with this phone! The Screen is AMAZING and I mean every bit of that. me talking about it doesn't do it justice really you have to see a screen this beautiful. I have had an iPhone 3Gs prior to this Phone and I will say it is such a huge!!! improvement as far as specs go...this phone is ultra fast that I couldn't believe it. I will say that this isn't my first Android Device. I have had Dell Streak, A7 tablet, and Galaxy Tab and while all of those are "OK" Devices None of which made me completely switch to Android until I got this phone. I don't even pick up my iPhone 3Gs anymore. another perk of this Phone is that it is Unlocked from the start and no hassle with Carriers. I took out my AT&T; simcard popped in in this and it was ready to go and getting good speeds up to 7 Mbs too.GPS locks on so fast, record 1080p, Kies Air, Watch Flash videos, All share works flawless, Changeable batteries, Speedy boot times, Very good call Quality, Should I even go on? Its too many to name for an out of the box experience. I'm not to big on Rooting devices but it almost feel there is no reason too unless you just wanted custom roms. This is hands down THE best phone I have ever used Thus far. Which brings me to my next point this is very VERY THIN, place it in my pockets and I have to keep checking my pants to make sure my phone is there. Amazing job Samsung!Two things I wish Android had is a Better Ecosystem, Which it ain't bad but I do like iOS app store better just do to the fact of sheer fact of Number of Apps and Games but by all means Android market isn't bad at all. Another thing is I wish I could find some Accessories from Samsung itself, none are out and most of which you will find is Aftermarket Accessories. I would really like a Battery case for it whenever they release it.Other then those Two facts it doesn't take away from the Phone, Samsung has really defined themselves in the mobile market and finally made a phone the way Android was meant to be especially in terms of speed. You have to get this phone.

As expected this android phone came to introduce me to the &#34;24/7 connected world&#34;.Allowed me to be in touch with my friends and colleagues, social networks, receive apps updates, even install free but most than useful apps.Not the latest one of the SGS series, but does what it's expected to do.
