
I bought the phone for a Christmas gift good thing I tried it before Christmas came I put  a SIM card in it from two different companies and the phone still wouldn't work come to find out the phone company that the phone came from is in Mexico smfh so I had to return it but it messed up my son Christmas cause that's all that he wanted

One of the Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked that I bought, doesn't work or is not working correctly, in other words is bad, the phone do not get charge, however the battery is good. I would like to know how can I do, to return it and get another one or send me my money back. Thanks. Clay Lanzino.

Be Wireless should rename itself to B.S. Wireless because whoever is running this business does not know what they are doing, I asked for an unlocked phone for any GSM carrier and I get instead a CDMA phone, the 1st of the two phones did not work and had to be returned, the 2nd phone they sent me did show signs of life, it worked, I was able to charge it. But after all this, I ran out of the funds needed to activate the phone for September, so I had to wait until October 1st to activate the 2nd phone. Well the 1st carrier I tried was Net10, they couldn't activate it over the phone so I took the phone to a brick and mortar phone store, only to find out that this phone is not unlocked, the previous owner had Verizon and it is still locked on Verizon. Well as you can imagine, I'm boiling mad at the moment, I never expected that anything like this would ever happen by dealing with Amazon.com because all my previous purchases through them were excellent. I could probably just ask the seller for the unlock code, but at this point I just want to get a refund and go to someone with more experience with cell phone products.

Everything ok. Delivery on time. Good quality of product.Excellent customer attention about specific requiriments.No comment to make. It was a satisfactory purchase.

Bought it for myself to use for call only. The phone is in a great condition and was unlocked for my any carrier.

i ordered an unlocked gsm blackberry 9530 phone but you send me a VERISION one which can not be supported by all network providers that we have in Zambia, so its a white Elephant, ive just lost my moneyThe other time it was a blackberry 9630 and i was sent a VERISION .These phones dont work on any other network though you have kept on telling people that they are unlocked

la experiencia fue un poco nerviosa porque era la primera vez pero ya conociedo los prosidimiento ya puedo dar fe que son seria en las gestiones, ya pueden contar con un nuevo comprador en amazon.com estoy muy complasido con sus servicios atentamente german padron gracias

it looks new if I have any problems with it I will let you know, recently blackberry phones have been crashing,

this product did not meet my expectation as am still trying to change the screen since the buttons are not functional and is going to cost me like $26 to fix the problem

horrible phone.  It was a nice attempt at a touch screen but they of course had a lot of work to do.  The new Blackberry should answer the call.

the order bill its no present whit my cell phone? i need the bill for complete the order. its the one

The phone is great, it was a nice good priced present for someone. the touch screen is a bit fun

this product is a scam, after I got a lot of time to my home country the phone says unlocked to all operators is not so, not recommended at all achievement not use the pin that disappointment after buying two of buy you do not this person anymore

The first Blackberry I received (further sent back)  was old dirt and imcomplete with no ear plugs, no leather case...etc. And the &#34;body&#34; (where the screen is) was not tight fixed to the case. It was losen and whenever you touched it it would move making noises.I had it returned.The second one came with the items aforementioned but with the same problem. You can make music by trying to touch the screen and the batery is not charging.The problem being, I live in Brazil and already returned to it.I have been an Amazon customer for almost twenty years (I believe) but I had never bought any eletronics from you basicly I bought CDs and Xbox items. Until now I had never had problems.But this purchase was a disaster. I am really frustrated and disapointed.I never got the screens I bought for this very same Blackberry they where supposed to arrive on tuesday 09/17 and now I got an email from the Global whatever saying that it will be in 3-9 businees days and that I please be patient, the cellphone was a disater it is not working properly, it is not charging....etc

buy the phone send it to my niece she try to activate it and it was lock and it says that is suppose to be unlock dont understand why

I bought this phone thinking it was a good deal only to discover that the touchscreen was shaky and it wasn't working properly. You had to literally press down hard on it to get the icons to respond. The rest of it worked fine but still I'm very disappointed!

I noticed since i got the phone it felt a little lose in my hands that's when i noticed the battery cover falls off easily. to make things worse the phone shuts off on its own and always freezes up and always loading something. this is the worst part.....the front screen fell out and and doesn't work anymore!!! i hate this crap. i hate blackberry!!!

You could not get this phone activated for anything at all with any provider, even prepaid would not work this phone. I would never recomment this phone to anyone.  Blackberry said this is NOT one of their phones.

the phone work really good think yell i love the phone  if i could  give yell more  to say b i love the phone

I purchased the Unlocked Storm because the description led me to believe that the phone would have full functionality on the all GSM networks. Unfortunately that was not accurate. OEM did contact me regarding some of the issues with the phone but they took two to three days to reply to my emails and would not call me to trouble shoot or fully resolve my issues. Because I was trying to get the phone to work following very cryptic emails from their technical person, I missed the 30-day window to return the product or a refund. The phone is still not working properly with our wireless carrier. I would not purchase this phone believing it will work with AT&T. I have always liked shopping on Amazon.com will continue to do so but I was disappointed with this vendor and the service I received.

estos se&ntilde;ores son unos abusadores envian lo peor que tienen venden un producto en mal estado y desbloquedo  y cuando llego estaba bloqueado hasta el pin , ademas envian el producto solo con el cargador son unos estafadores

Hi guys,I bought this item two days ago. The camera & video don't work. the home charger is not the original one and also dose not work. I will return it soon.

I bought it because it was a global unlocked phone.After recieving it and charging it overnight everything looked okay. My surprise was that after 4 hours the phone was dead. I did the only thing I could do overseas buy a second battery. Oh, wow it was dead within the 4 hours again. Nope it's not the original battery but the phone itself. I can't do anything with the seller because it's past the 30 days. Now I am left to deal with the manufactures warranty lets see where that gets me.

The phone is lovely and just what I needed. Unfortunately it was still locked onto a specific carrier and hence useless to me. The seller (OEM Shop) was unresponsive and has yet to resolve the issue. I had to purchase a different phone and get on with life.

I was told this phone was good for global use and was a new unlocked phone which I planned to use for international use.  The phone had the Verizon logo on it but I took it to simply mean it was originally meant to go to Verizon.  When I got to South Africa I was told that the phone was on the Verizon network and could not read an international SIM card.  So I was just ripped off by the seller of this one, since their advertisement of what the phone was capable of was a complete lie.

Disappointed , I bought two and none of them can either send or received tex or Picture Message. They were supposed to be Unlock also.I still did not get any feedback for these two Phones I had purchase for couple Family members , these phones is supposed to be unlock , they do not work and i have no recourse to fix this problem so I lost all that Cash Money ...WOW , WOW, WOW.

I did not like the product. Its keys stopped working within 30 days. Regretably I do not live in the US but will never buy technology again

I got the BB Strom 9530 from a friend as a gift. The item was shipped to me within the suggested time (the good). However, upon receiving the item, I noticed the minor scratches, the dirt around the screen, the plate that seals the camera area at the back of the phone was loose and the battery charger does not work. This phone was bought from BlueTeck and I will be returning the item.

this phone is a disaster.First of all it sticks very often, battery life is terrible. Now it went off and yet to come back on. i have just lost my money and no one is helping. please dont buy this

My husband loves this phone, but the speaker goes out all the time, even after replacing it twice. Great CS

I found it difficult to get it working in Dominican Rep. I had to go to many different places before the &#34; Unlocked fro any GSM carrier worldwide&#34; would work worldwide!

No good idea get it this cell phone the touch screan glass is broke very dissatisfied not recommend to buying. Use phone.

The mobile looked good when i used it first day but there is some problem with the charging input on the phone.It doesnt charge at all. I have to keep pushing the point with my hand to keep the the phone in charging. Its really irritating. I thought might be charger problem so bought a new chager too but that was also loss of money for me as it is also working in the same way. Ultimately its a dumb piece for me..total waste of money for me ..:(.

I bought this product for my daughter as  a christmas present, so it has not been open yet, though, I checked the product before I wrapped, seems to be working properly.  I have had good experiences in buying products from Amazon.com.  And I think it will not have any problem, thanks.

This is my dad's previously owned phone. He upgraded to an i-Phone because of all the frustration! I was handed down this phone and I am writing the review.This phone is absolutely crappy! The quad-band is the only thing that is good about it (we used it internationally).This phone's keypad is horrible. I cannot press a single button without pressing five other buttons. The reception on this phone is mediocre and the battery life is poor.Overall crappy product.

That item wasn't new ,looks old , I think that item is refurbished. Didn't like. I plan to return that .

Very fast....I got my phones on within 3 days after I ordered it. However, It came with no CD but had instructions on how to activate the phone

Poor product hardly last anytime @ all. Few months and then ran into problems but was good while it lasted.

The phone is nice but it would be much better if I had gotten the memory chip with it.Please Help with my request, GIVE US THE CARD.Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide

I am very disappointed with amazon that they would allow false advertisement on their site, i purchased this phone thinking it would be unlocked for ease of use but i was wrong!!! i am currently on the phone with verizon technical support as i write this review and am not pleased!.... this seller should be flagged and banned from amazon!

1st of all when it says the phone is unlocked it is true. However you need to configure some stuff so that it will allow you to use your SIM.Step 1 Turn off All connections. Which is basically the mobile network.Step 2 Go to Manage ConnectionsStep 3 Go to Mobile Network and search for Network TechnologyStep 4 Chance your Network Technology to GSM/UMTSStep 5 (Optional) Change Network Mode to any mode depending on your providerStep 6 Shutdown the phone and turn back onStep 7 Go to Manage Connections and turn Mobile Network back on.Hopefully this helps you all with a problem. That I had which was really frustrating.Phone may be unlocked. But you need to configure it to allow the Sim Card to work.

The phone far exceeded my artificial expectations because when you buy a used phone its not promising. However, the phone I received has no scratches at all. All the components of the cellphone are present, battery, charger, computer cable, etc. The only thing im having a problem with is the unlocking for it to work because I lost the instructions but that isn't a defect from the phone. I turned it on and it didn't lag, internet hooked on with another sim card I had present and downloaded applications with a very nice pace. I am very pleased to say the least.PS this is not a phone for people who have a tendency to buy keyboard phones because it has a particular mechanism of function, neither is it for people who adore the touchpad that doesn't require pushing on the screen because it does become a pain at times.

This is a christmas present so have not used it, can't wait to give it as present on christmas morning

the line cant be activated  , itsfactory fault , and the cost of mend it  is highter than the price of the phone

Bought it thinking it would support the carriers in my country but it did not. Other than that the phone is in good condition.

I still have this phone, I am determined to unlock it, it is super tied toVerizon, and it is not anyones fault except Verizon, they tell everyone who buysthese phones from them they are unlocked but they are not.  On Blackberry wasabsolutely sealed on the back, so no sim card could be put in or another battery.The absolute nerve of these people. But, still the way to get it unlocked is tofind a teenager who knows cell phones, which ones don't?  Or go to a geek I willgo to a geek.  I love this phone, easy to carry and easy to use.It meets all my needs and was shipped right away.  I will prevail as soon asI can get to the city and find a geek place to get this opened and running.Again Amazon has the best prices and fast shipping on such great cell phones,check them out first.

This is my second review about ross cellular. I bought what i thout was 3 Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide , spent around 450 dollars and they came locked with activation needed. After 2 emails sent to Ross Cellular and a phone call to amazon I got finnaly a message from the seller: You need to activate your phone... I dont enjoy loosing time and i dont enjoy buying wrongfull advertised items. I appreciate the seller response, which i really thank (could be worst not even having an answer..) but the point is , the product you advertise doesnt have an accurate description. Please be sure to have a full description of the products you sell. And if the phone is good for any carrier worldwide, why are the language options only ENGLISH?????? I'm from Portugal and I live in the states , I would like a phone with other language possibilities...I received a second email from ross cellular offering me 35 dollars refund to remove my feedback. How is this even allowed? My frustration, discontent and unsatisfaction are worth 35 dollars? Thank you But i rather loose this money and tell the truth. The phones should be working with any sim card as i received them and this didn't happen, i lost time and had a great effort to make them work because i'm not an expert on activating phones...

It is difficult to open the battery compartment . Nevertheless I think it is a good product. Try and make it easy to use

I bought this phone 1 month ago, after 10 days I had problems, I couldnt recharge my bather, first I thought its a problem with recharger, since I have 3 it wasnt recharger then I thought it was batter, and finally it was phone , and I bought recharger for batter. and now after 1 month I cannot turn on my phone.... phone is in very bad condition... im very very unsatisfied..

I received item with broken body, not working camera, system without web browser and no chance do download one. Well and after three weeks battery died. Had to toss away this phone.

Now i can not say much about the phone because i have never received the item or blessed eyes on it now i placed an order with the OEM shop on the 5th of February 2011 today as i am writing this review is the 10th of march 2011 you do the math, this is how long ago i placed my order.from i placed my order i have been back and forth with this company (the OEM shop)trying to resolve this problem these people have gotten my money a month ago and i can not get it back up to now every time i contact them, as i don't have a phone number for them, i have to do so via emails they send back saying sorry for the inconvenience this company was dishonest from the start i ordered a phone that they knew they did not have in stock and i had to contact them after weeks of wondering where my phone was, not having a tracking number to find out from one person that it was on some kinda back order then it was out of stock and when it became available they will ship it. I told these people i wanted my money back they still ship the phone the, they recalled the phone in mid transit an sent me an email, mind you with such a matter i believe phone calls would be best but that's just my opinion,telling me that they will refund my money within 48hours to my knowledge 48 means within two days i received this email on the 7th of march 2011 it is now the 10th of march 2011 and up to now no one has contact me as to where my money is and when i will be getting it back this is my first time having dealings with this company (the OEM shop) and it has been the worst experienced yet i have googled trying to find other ways in terms of a phone number to contact this business to speak to a manager or someone in charge to no avail but what did come up on my Google search is posts and reviews of people who this company (the OEM shop) has done something similar to.To end off i would have to say people amazon is great because i have ordered stuff on the same day i ordered from the OEM shop and after and guess what i have already gotten my items but i have to say that the OEM shop will not be getting any more business from me other customers be aware you don't want to end up with the same problem i had.With that said i think amazon should have as a policy that persons or business who sell on Amazon need to put up more than an email address as contact info for those of us that end up having disputes like this because if you don't call (which you cant because there is no number) or email the OEM shop they wont contact you and tell you what is happen they need to realize people have to work hard for their money and don't wish to see it go down the drain for nothing again, Amazon is wonderful but the OEM shop needs to pull up their socks this is not a nice thing to be doing !!!!!!!!!

There's nothing to speak about.Touchscreen sucksOS sucksNo apps or gamesLaggyScreen sucksDo not buy this crap!!

It works excelent, was all they promised. Althought, I brought the cellphone to Colombia, my country and my carrier was the only one wich doesn't activate data services for this reference. I have to switch carrier, but In the other ones, it works perfect, no complains.

Compre este celular hace 15 dias, y al principio crei que no lo podia activar. Yo vivo en Colombia, y el operador con que tengo mi cuenta celular de voz y de datos es Comcel. Despues de sincronizar el celular, funciono bien para la parte de voz, reconocio perfectamente la SIM card, el problema fue el plan de datos.  Yo antes NO tenia Blackberry, asi que tenia que hacer el cambio de plan de datos de celular normal a BB, cuando fui a Comcel dijeron que han tenido muchos problemas con esta referencia 9530 Storm, y que es el unico que NO esta homologado para ellos (al parecer los otros operadores -movistar-Tigo si), asi que no me podian hacer el cambio de plan de datos.  La solucion fue llevar otro BB para que quedara registrado en el sistema y luego cambiar la SIM a mi celular para que funcionara... Hasta ahora de esa forma funciona bien el plan de datos a veces se cae el PIN pero regularmente funciona bien. lo malo fue hacer todo ese proceso que me tomo mucho tiempo sin poder usar mi plan, pero si lo segui pagando... otro problema que tiene el celular es que la pila dura muy poco, usandolo regularmente me dura un dia o un poco menos. otra cosa es que no reconoce los contactos de la SIM del celular, esto no se si es problema de la configuracion y debo hacerle algo, o simplemtene no los reconoce... entonces yo marco por el nombre y dice que la marcacion esta errada, toca digitar el numero siempre!.Pienso que para el precio el celular funciona, al menos, pero tiene los problemas que mencione anteriormmente. Hay que pensar en los beneficios que uno prefiere, algo de calidad y mas costoso, o algo que simplemente funcione o aveces no pero a un precio moderado. espero les sirva mis comentarios. Y si alguien sabe como debo configurar mi telefono para que no tenga que marcar el numero de mis contactos en vez de buscarlo en mi telefono le agradeceria la ayuda.Bought this phone 15 days ago, and at first I thought that I could not activate it. I live in Colombia, and the operator that I have my mobile voice and data is COMCEL. After synchronizing the cell, it worked well for the voice, recognized perfectly the SIM card, the problem was the data plan. I did not have Blackberry before, so I had to make the switch from regular data plan to BB plan, when I went to Comcel they said that they have had many problems with this reference 9530 Storm, and is the ONLY one not approved for them (apparently the other operators, Movistar, Tigo works with that reference), so I could not make the change of plan data. The solution was take another BB to stay logged into the system and then change the SIM to my phone to function ... Until now this way works well, the PIN of the data plan sometimes falls but regularly works well. The thing was that the whole process took a long time while I could not use my plan, but still paying ... another problem with the phone is that the battery have a very short duration, using it regularly this works a day or a little less. Another thing is that it does not recognizes the SIM contacts in the telephone, I don't know if it is a configuration problem and I must do something, or just does not recognize them ... then I mark the name and says that tagging is wrong, always i must dialing the number!.I think for the price the phone works at least, but has the problems that I mentioned before. You have to think of the benefits that you would prefer, something of quality and more expensive, or something that just works and sometimes not, but at a moderate price. I hope that my review help you to take the best choice. And if somebody know how I should configurate my cellphone to this recognize my contact list instead to have to dial the number everytime i will appreciate your help.

I needed this phone ASAP and mary was very prompt in returning all my e-mails and expediting my order.  Great service with a great product.  Went above and beyond regular service standards which is uncommon nowadays.

Really don't like the face and it is not a new one like they said it would be dont know if it works world wide cause I haven't gone on a vacation yet to try it out

Its tha one and only truely unlocked phone! Verizon or AT&T you get to choose! Not like all tha other knock off phones. May need Verizon to get internet & apps working but comes in the box ready for either or!!! Great gift for a girlfriend that wants a smart phone but can't afford one.

I paid for 1 day shipment. They spend 3 days to move it from Brooklyn to Newark. In the end it was 5 days shipment. Nothing to say about phone cause I'm in another country now.No answer for claims from amazon or seller. No comments :)

did not send the product being sent a completely different asked as we proceed in this case? sent another model

This companny sucks. You place an order and they say you will receive within a few days. After confirming order you check status the following day and see that they will ship within one month. Crazy huh, I had to cancel ordr and ask for refund.

bought this phone a few months ago.  it was puschase as new sent it to my son in the caribbean at first everthing worked fine after only two weeks a couple of the buttons stop working. he took it to a blackberry store only only to be told its a refurbish product. now my problem is with amazon if u guys are going to have companies sell stuff through you  then you should be held responsible for all the defective products being sold through you amazon .i have been a loyal customer to amazon and have bought other products that i am happy with but not this time around.amazon please pay attention to these reviews

Parts dont work such as the internet, doesnt have the app store. im very unhappy with it! it also will not let me send pictures or put in my email!

love the phone arrived way sooner than expected. the only issue was it was not unlocked as described but the solution to unlock the device is simple. other than that i will definitely continue to purchase items at amazon.Thank you

This phone is in excellent condition, works well and gives great reception, and the price was not too bad I would recommend it.

When the battery is completely drained, the OEM battery recharger won't recharge the battery. The solution is to recharge before the battery is completely drained or buy an external recharger.  This is a known problem but RIM never fixed it in the 4 years this model has been out. I traded this phone in after a frustrating 3 months.

A great 2003 cell phone with a nice 2005 OS...in short, outdated, poorly conceived, and a source of endless frustration.  A few of the many issues and virtues:- Worst soft key pad ever...compared to either Android or iOS phones, error rates are at least 5 times greater in profile keyboard and triple in landscape- Rotate the phone from profile to landscape while entering text and...oops...sorry...did the OS really do that???  Not only does it lose the curser position...it also defaults to the top of the entry screen.  Now I have to try to scroll down and reestablish text entry.  Stupid and stupider.- On the plus side, you'll find the phone is very rugged...which is great, because you'll be throwing it at walls, floors, and dumpsters a lot when trying to do tasks which are routine and fast on ANY OTHER PHONE EXCEPT the touchscreen Blackberries.RIM...go find a few 11 year olds to handle the OS redesign.For the rest of us, wave a fond farewell to the brand...I give it 18 months or so to complete collapse.  When Blackberry brings out their improved Storm, I hope they are truthful in naming it:  "New from Blackberry, the 9XXX Blackberry Sux!"

I chose this phone because it looked nice but didn't quite paid attention to some technical aspects. Now that I have used it I found out that the camera has poor quality. I didn't realise when I bought it that it had no wi fi capability. BBM does not work; can't seem to be able to integrate it to the Balckberry network in Guatemala, so I have no internet access.If I could I'd return it and ask for a refund but it's been over 30 days already

I cannot use wireless apps won't show at all.  Internet not connecting as said really badd........very unhappy about it  go

Good phone meets the requirements, economic, practical, modern, good use, good images and messaging. Used to daily life.Modern design.Elegant. Easy to use.

Becsuse I can't unlock it I tried in USA but never workedSo it is no use here in USA

Estos equipos no llegan siempre en buenas condiciones ya que son reconstruidos pero al momento que lo compras te dice que si lo quieres nuevos o usado, uno lo pide nuevo pero no te llega como tu lo quieres hasta aveces llegan con el menu en ingles.

My little brother decided to buy this phone as an upgrade. I was jealous how cool it was. I had a regular blackberry phone with buttons, and this one did way more than mine. Not only could it do more, it was quicker, and looked better. This phone is really cool and I recommend it for anyone looking for a bad ass phone. You will also be happy to know the phone is also compatible with any carrier; at&t, Verison, T-mobile, Sprint, etc.

BUEN TELEFONO ME SORPRENDI MUCHO Q AL VER EL ESTADO DEL EQUIPO ESTABA TOTALMENTE NUEVO OSEA 0 KMS WOOOOW PRIMERA VEZ QUE PEGO UNA JAJAJAJ

Excelente, producto. Voy a ponerle la linea en Venezuela, espero est&egrave; desbloqueado. Lo &ugrave;nico fue que me lleg&ograve; sin manos libres. Pense que venia junto con el telefono. Me lleg&ograve; el telefono, el cargador y la pila. Seguramente se extravio en la aduana. Gracias.

I purchased this cell phone and it did not work from the moment i got it. I tried to charged the batteries but nothing seemed to work. I deliberately purchased this unlocked phone so that I can use it on any of the carriers but it is not powering up at all.Victor

i have problem for use it in my country. the phone is attached to verizon net so it's complicated to use it with another telephone companies in Colombia

The phone is ok but I had to purchase a new battery because the battery that cam with the phone was swollen and would not work.

Would I recommend anybody to buy this product>>NO....It doesn't work properly...this minute it picks up the desired gsm...the next minute its picking up another....It blanks out sometimes and takes forever to turn on.....I think the Blackberry storm is the worst blackberry,smart phones with terrible problems...haven't got mine for a month yet and I regret it.

Voy comenzar por los puntos positivos,- El paquete llego en la fecha estimada.- Trae todos sus accesorios.- Trabajando bien hasta el momento.- Exelente precio para un celular de este tipo.Puntos negativos:- Pedi el Storm 9500 y me enviaron el 9530.- En ninguna parte de la informacion decia que era Refurbished (al contrario se suponia era nuevo).Se que estoy publicando el comentario en el modelo 9530 pero es que ya no esta el modelo 9500.Suerte,Saludos desde Honduras.

When I bought this phone i expect that was new, but the really is that the phone es old has scratches and the way that is in the box is totally poor, is not original looks worst that a refurbished cellular phone.not recommended

the item came and I had to have it returned as the promise of an unlocked phone faded from the time the chip was placed in.  Unlocked my asp.  I had to payyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy through my eye hole to have it returned in order to get a refund. Don't think I will be buying an unlocked phone from anyone ever ever ever again!!!!

Phone was sold as unlocked but trust me on this it was fully locked. as a refurbished phoned it was missing proper  accessories and instruction book. returning this phone has been hell as well. Last time buying phone through Amazon.

As described, decent product for the price I paid and it arrived on time so that's a plus... regret not getting 2

I've been using this mobile phone Blackberry 9530 storm in Indonesia, it's working well when I unlocked the phone to be used on any carrier.ThanksBiho[...]

This vendor sold us an 'as is' phone that didn't work.  From day one there was a short in the charge terminal.  We tried many different methods to charge the phone and it just wouldn't take a charge.  You had to hold the wire 'just so' to get any action and then, it may or may not charge. This phone was a complete waste of money for us.

Good morning.I am writing regarding the Blackberry Storm 9530 to buy him, is presenting problems, Venezuela signal is not recognized and should not that is supposed to be released, does not recognize my phone number, I get a screen number 9137877556 which is not allows the computer to recognize mine, Please let me know where I can return this team, it really was not what I expected.I await your prompt response.attentivelyDaniela Lizardo

I am very disappointed with this product two days ago I came two phones to commission one for me and one for my mom is the worst business I have done because they are first tlf used all changed, as new second tube to buy another battery because it brought was inflated, and then buy another battery that will not turn finishes loading but never, and devolverlo is another dream because to get my hands came in two months I hate to imagine if you never buy devuelve MAS EN I AM VERY ANGRY WITH AMAZON THIS Canser SOLD TO ME AND WHY NOT GIVE THEM NO STARS!! VERY ANGRY CUSTOMER ..

Hello this cellphone is used! a second hand one! was already inserted a cell number and damaged. The battery just work for few hours!!!

battery is no good  at all i got it home now its sitting in my dresser no good use at all

the item give alot of problem is freezing all the time and no wifi on it i can say is no good

I bought this product to replace my lost BB Curve 8900. I was hoping that since the Storm 9530 is newer technology, that it would be a better product. Wrong.PROS:  None that I can think of. Maybe the sleek appearance, that's it.CONS:* The touch screen is very quirky, switches from speaker to handset at will.* Touch screen keyboard - the keys too tiny to allow accurate typing. Very annoying. Frequently used keys such as "&", "@" and "comma" are buried in two or three layers. You have to keep switching back and forth.* Texting is very frustrating - annoyingly suggests words, and changes into letters you did not type. Even when I turned off dictionary and auto-type feature, it would not work.* Even when I reset to factory settings and re-installed software, it would not erase previous owner's phone number. The carrier could not fix problem.* Most annoying, calls go straight into voice mail even phone is turned on and sitting in front of me.* If a call comes in when you're already on another call, you have a constant beep in your ear continuing long after that second call had ended. The constant beep forces you to abandon your original call.* Vibrate feature too low  - it's almost silent, and you may miss a call with the phone right in front of you.* Numerous other quirks too many to name.Simply avoid this phone. If you must buy it, make sure it is returnable within at least 30 days.There's not much good I can say about this phone, other than that it boots up slightly faster than my Curve 8900. I'm putting it up for sale; I'll be returning to the older Curve 8900, or I may ditch Blackberry altogether and go for Android phone.

PLEASE A WISH TO KNOW which operator the blackberry storm is this ?? thanks a i need a at&t o tmobile o vodafone do you hace it ???

I'm currently stationed overseas so when i got this phone and it wasn't fully unlocked i was a little irritated but then read that you need to follow these steps if it says: "Activation Required">Press ##000000 [as if you are calling the number]>and then press the call[green] button>where say MOBILE DIRECTORY NUMBER delete the number already programmed>enter your number [i'm overseas so i added my country code]>then press RIM [blackberry symbol] button>press SaveNow I had to go to my provider's website [Zain] and push the mobile configuration.. this will help if youre missing things like the internet browser, facebook, myspace, and other applications you know are supposed to be there. you will need to download App World and will be able to update the apps within the device.The phone itself i enjoy.. i perfer touch screens and i'm rather easy to please as long as i can type and have AIM and BBM to talk back home.. now the charger it came with is junk. but i have extra chargers so it doesn't bother me much. Kinda wish there was more device space for apps but it's not too important. But the battery holds up better than my Bold9700.

This cellphone is fantastic and very good. The only problem is the screen. The user must be careful with this screen as it tends to be easily damaged.

NO ME GUSTO PARA NADA, LA PILA SE DESCARGA RAPID&Iacute;SIMO, EL MICR&Oacute;FONO DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO NO SERVIA  PARA NADA TUVE QUE MANDARLO ARREGLAR , ADEMAS DE QUE TAMBI&Eacute;N NI EL CARGADOR DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO NI NING&Uacute;N OTRO CONOCIDO REVIVE LA PILA ESTANDO DENTRO DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO TENGO QUE SACAR LA PILA A CADA UNA HORA Y CARGARLA CON OTRO CARGADOR EXTERNO DEBIDO A QUE EL MISMO MARAVILLOSAMENTE EL INTEGRADOR QUE REGULA LA CORRIENTE DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO NO SIRVE  TAMBI&Eacute;N VINO SUPER MALISIMO Y PRODUCE UN CORTO EN EL TELEFONO UN VERDADERO DOLOR DE CABEZA

total fraud.I am Venezuelan, but I live in USA, buy this cel, to send it to my younger brother gift. but that terrible gift:the top of the battery is old, this stripedI tried putting my sim card at & t and did not recognize him only CDMAI received it and no way to change it ..the screen is smaller than the frame and sounds much the gap is like the sound of a broken heel&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;is slow to die AND ARE REBUILTTHIS SELLER SHOULD BE ELIMINATED.&iexcl;&iexcl;

After using it one month the screen of this BB is blurred.....and I went to a BB shop that considered there is a problem with the LCD....it seems the LCD  is not original. I spent $ 40 to replace the screen to make it work again.....poor product.

This phone was locked, although I ordered an unlocked phone. It also came with a verizon sim although I ordered an international unlocked phone. Would not recommend this to anyone.

THE SCREEN AND BACK OF THE PHONE CAME SLACK.  THE PROBLEM NOW IS THAT I'M OVERSEAS AND CANT SHIP THIS PHONE SO IM STUCK WITH A BAD BAD BAD PHONE. THEY SHOULD HAVE CHECKED THIS PHONE BEFORE THEY SOLD IT TO ME TO MAKE SURE ALL WAS IN WORKING ORDER.

it doesn't look like new. It is broken. Looks like a poor refurbished phone. I won't suggest anyone buying from it.

Great Purchase! I just inserted my SIM CARD (VIVO Operator from Brazil) and it was ready to use it. As well as the main blackberry functions such as e-mail and BBM.

Like the title, it's my first Blackberry and I have it for about 2 weeks.Some friends of mine have a Blackberry and they claim to love it, so I went with it.Since this is my first Bb, I'm not at all familiar with how it works, where what is etc. I'm also not a read-the-manual-first-person, I learn as I go along. I like to figure out things myself and if I really can't figure it out, then it's just not for me. I'm simple minded, straight to the point and if it's too difficult to get from A to B then forget it. Don't have patience for it.The main uses for my phone is texting, wake up alarm, taking pictures, calling and once a while go online.So here are my issues:Texting: Didn't have any contacts saved. So when someone texted me with their name, I couldn't figure out how to save the number. Usually when you get a text and you want to save the number, you choose on the menu 'save contact' or something similar. With this phone, when I saved it, it saved the whole text to the saved folder. Anything else on the menu that I clicked, didn't give me the option to save the contact.Wake up alarm: I need more than 1 alarm. At least 3. I can't put more than 1 alarm in. Doesn't give me the option to in the 'clock' menu. So I have to reset the time for the alarm twice a day and occasionally in the weekends. Not cool. Should be able to have multiple alarms and just turn those on or off.Taking pictures: Very disappointing with how blurry this camera is and how much it lags to take the picture after pressing the button. Does it really need to think for 2 seconds after I press the button? For what? Just take the darn picture already!Calling: Alright, you got me. Calling is fine. However, I'm not fond of being on the phone. The shorter the better. I did have some problems with the touch screen though. When I call an automated service and I need to press 1 for English or enter my account number, it just won't take.Which takes me to the next issue I have. The touch screen.I've had phones with both capacitive and resistive touch screens but this is taking it a little too far. It swivels when you press towards the edge and you really have to press it harder than any other touch screen because yes, you have to press the WHOLE screen down.I've only had it for two weeks and it's been giving me so much grief that every day I have to use it, my despise for it grows larger.The simplest (to me simple) things are so difficult to do with this phone that it's frustrating me. When I get my new phone, someone would need to restrain me from throwing it against the wall and stomping on it because that's what I really want to do with it.

what an upgrade it was..... everything was fine. had my phone for about 1 year but never actually got one year usage from it. I've had to change the screen over 6 Times in one year... really? frozen scrambled screen. I'm really mad now. everytime u try to solve the problem it's always replace the screen which some how never seems to go pass 30 days max. I'm love my BlackBerry but I'm just any given up. with the purchases of screens I should of really got my self .  newer version.

The phone don't work, it's doesn't cut on but it charges. I don't know if I can get it fixed but amazon u should fully check items before selling them

ESTOY MUY CONTENTA CON MI COMPRA EL EQUIPO ME LLEGO EN TIEMPO INDICADO, TRAJO TODOS SUS ACCESORIOS, DESBLOQUEADO....ME GUSTO EL PRECIO POR TAN EXCELENTE EQUIPO MOVIL....RECOMENDADO.

Well I like features,it works well and the price is right. I would recommand it to my friends so they get it.

When i buy the cellphone i bought as new condition and it wasn't, when i received the battery didn't work. I had to buy a new. After that the battery charger din't work too and finally i had to buy a new.i don't like the product but i don't have more money to buy a new one. I am sad with that situation because i use Amazon for the security in his produts. It is the socond time taht it happens.

Soo far the ohone is great but there is jsut one major problem,The phone claimed to be new and it isnt also app that shoild be already installed on the device isnt.absolutly there is no app world or browser

I received an incomplete item, the package didnt had the battery inside,VERY FRUSTRATING...Recibi el telefono incompleto, la bateria no estaba dentro de la caja, VENDEDOR NO RECOMENDADO

Item came sealed as if it was direct from the manufactuer, item were sealed and brand new in plastic phone was in mint condition. And it was a great bargain for the price it was bought for, plus it was unlocked which was fantastic. Thank Again.

it was in good condition but it was taking too long to load and when pressing the apps it stays too long or i have to turn it side ways

Great phone for the money paid. Can't complain . The Storm phone is a great choice for people who enjoy pinging.

THIS IS A FAKE BLACKBERRY THE PIN DOES NOT EVEN WORK. FAKE FAKE FAKE CANT USE THE BB MESSENGER OR BB APPS FAKE FAKE FAKE

I am a little dissapointed at this product. I had a hard time trying to upload apps and still havent been able to upload Facebook. I would not recommend it. I previously had a blacberry curve 8520 , and though is much smaller, I prefer it over this storm 9530. I guess I will try the bold .

The item was advertised as an Unlocked Phone; but now been trying to get service with AT&T; unsuccessfully.Tried everything to active the phone.

Did not work as expected, I am returning it back to the shipper. This is Verizon phone & losses connection with other carrier.

Brand new, high quality, good software, very upgradable, fast, all pro functions, caem with all its accessories, touch screen makes it better!!

works but a very bad condition.works but a very bad conditionThis phone is for use on the Verizon network as well as any GSM network like AT&T or T-Mobile, is in very  cosmetic condition, it reflects light use, and may display minor scratches and/or blemishes. Parts of the screen may contain scratches. This device has been extensively tested, is fully functional, and

Nice one, Yet works good, was asking activation required but there is no problem just type ##000000 and press OK after in the first field erase number and type 1111111111 then push MENU button and save. That's it.Blackberry came with home charger (looks new), USB cable, and CD all in the box with no IMEI on it.Battery works prefect.Phone overall like new.

I have only had this phone for a day, but i can say without a doubt this phone functions properly and was the easiest set up i have ever dealt with. I an very happy with controls and the settings. The navigation is fantastic and i appreciate the overall look and feel of this phone.

I received a deffective item! one key was broken, the package didnt had the battery inside, the phone wasnt unlocked so it doesnt works! a complete disaster DO NOT BUY IT!

The display screen is loose and the phone won't charge even after charging for 6 hours. It does not turn on.

This is an excelent product, the only thing that I don't like is that the touch screen sounds like a mouse clic when you touch it.

I returned the product due ti its functionality, low capacity and the network was never stable. Honestly any other model is better than this one even the 8520

phones come in timehave small scratchesA cell phone battery does not workbut I think the price is right only suggestion is that the product should indicate the status of cellular

This crap does not have wifi ... hehe! That's terrible for anyone these days. I'm not aware of that before buying, so I give it one star only because it is mandatory.Do not ever drive with!

I put a gsm sim not work, then probe with several operators sim and not, bring it to a technician and he said that the IMEI of the phone is reported stolen. should be more serious about what they sell because so break bad business to sell products.................... ........

The BB was sent in excellent conditions of packaging and arrived on time.  The cell phone works perfectly and I am enjoying my BB with every message!

I dislike the fact that the phone that I receiving is not turning on. I don't know if it's the battery or what but I try to turn it on and it won't power on. I'm very disappointed, I bought this blackberry as a gift for my girlfriend in jamaica. I'm leaving to jamaica the 10th of May coming back the 20th of May, I received this phone may 7th I'm upset that I don't have enough time to send it back to the seller in that case I could have it replace but time is against me and I really don't know what to do now. I'm very disappointed.

I was very disappointed when I got this. It was a complete waste of time. The phone was not new had some scuff marks. Looked like the screen was put in as a replacement it had a gap between the frame and the screen. And! The logo on the box was fake! Not a real blackberry it's missing a berry on the logo. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!! It's horrible, a fraud, and a waste of time!!

The product never worked,and the front screen was shaking,I'm from Nassau Bahamas and its very expensive to make returns to amazon

it had two big scratch on it.. but otherwise good.. oh plus the phone case was not fitting its to small

When I  got the phone I spent 4 or 5 hours trying to get it to work on the Tmobile network. After a lot of research and trial and error I finally got it to work. Once it was unlocked I really enjoyed the phone, but after 2 months the screen quit working. Half the buttons would not work and I ended up cracking the LCD screen trying to press it. Don't buy this phone refurbished because it is not worth the money to have it break so quickly

I am very satisfied with my phone. It came in brand new condition. Works great too! I had to use my old phone's charger though, because the charger that came with the phone doesn't work properly.

this phone never functioned properly always sticking...  charger never worked had to buy a new one ...had to remove the battery every time it stick to re boot .... at lest it reach on time... but a total wastof time and money ...

Would someone please shoot me for buying this piece of crap! it worked fine for the first week and then it started freezing...You have to remove the battery to reboot and wait ages for it to start up.Further to  this the touch sceen is not very responsive and sticks very often.I should have stuck with a nokia or sony erricson...for the same price i would have had a phone that would last!

i've odered this item a few days ago. i've received a bad cell phone. the phone isn't a new one it's broken and pitted. the screen is not adjustable. i'm so pissed of that. there are too much applications mistaken on it. i don't like it. it's a dummy blackberry.

A very nice touch screen phone and it works so well, Am using my mobile network here in Botyswana, Africa and I am enjoying the comfort of the storm.

very fine

The screen was loose and the battery is useless. A full charge does not last the entire day and that's with no data plan on the phone.Very unhappy with the purchase and I would not recommend it.

Not much to say but CONS, lots of cons:a. WEAK BATTERY, charge every 6 hoursb. ACTIVATION REQUIRED 24/7 ON YOUR FACEc. LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE, they don't offer any solution even though i contacted them twice.d. THERE'S NO EXTRA ACCESSORIES, THE PICTURES IS MISLEADINGVERY FRUSTRATING...

Hey all I work in Iraq and I receive the balckberry before 4 weeks ago and it's amazing phone and it's working in anywhere , u can use also the blotooth for songs and pic and everythings u want . Thank you

I bougth this item to UnlockedCellPhoneKings and I didn't received this items:1. The charger2. The handsfree or headphoneSorry I don't know how to say this.And the housing doesn't below to this cellphone...I'm sad for this because I trust them :(

- at the 1st day the screen turned off (brightness) by itself- touch screen didn't work and the command buttons stop working- battery doesn't even work for 8 hours (in stand-by mode)- and you sir doesn't give any guarantee of your products, and now i cannot replace my item, I live in Peru and it arrived the 27th of july and it has been used for three days and i have all kind of complains about it, and the transport was safe couse it came here by ship so it didn't get any crash or something like that.I am not happy with this product either with the seller and i do not recommended

Bought this item for my younger sister in Guyana, yeah another country and she loves it.  She's been texting me ever since.

sell something new rebuilt my phone, the phone you buy bad wine, now I have to double spending desbloquiarlo and change the screen, it seems a scam from the seller, as people buy something for amazon not buy it in your country , to come out better but this is a fraud I lost my money buying it

Hi there, i read the reviews and I was a little concern, about the time and the quality of the device, in my experience is a very nice device for just $100 dls no scratches, a nice refurbished work (comparate with a some carriers).about the customer care experience, at the first I was waiting for a confirmation but never came, when i send a contact via Amazon the seller answer to me fast.Tnx for the experience and have a good business.

When refurbished comes from a company or reputable warehouse, it's OK somehow you can trust the amount of care the product got before it got shipped, twice Q&A is better than one. This product was not cleaned properly and it wasn't worth the price.  Someone outside Amazon called me and asked me to remove my review he had all my info and gave me a partial refund of 20%, however its still not cool, that wasn't cool with me I won't buy products from this seller again, and I am less than pleased with the experience.

I guess we will have to see how long it lasts.  It was quite a good product for the price. I am unable to us the BBmessenger so far though, I need to look into this with my carrier. They did not tell us that it was a Verizon phone.

I have T-mobile Monthly 4g service and the phone did not work well with the plan I have.  THis phone was returned within 10 days after it arrived.  I could not connect to the internet AT ALL. I had to call my carrier and add the Blckberry package, but I was still unable to access the internet.  The phone was HUGE and heavy, not at all what I expected.  It would probably be a good phone for someone who already has Verizon, but if you use another network like T-mobile, FORGET ABOUT IT!

Well, being this, the first time I've got a Blackberry, I should say that I am very pleased in many aspects with it, at the same time that arround me, my partners at work dont speak very well about Storm. So, why did I decide to buy it? just because in my last two years I started to get really used to touchscreen technology, and this is the reason why Storm have become to me the right choice. This phone is not only so precise, It also gives you the benefit of a full size wide screen which is a plus in terms of media. Querty keybord as well as simplified version of it in vertical display supported oj a Surepress technology, allows you to full fill your fingers on screen. Its a highly recommended product, maybe the only contra in this version of Storm might be the absence of WIFI, which in the 80% of the realities arroud me is iirrelevant, Blackbberry is designed to run with 3g internet tech.

This phone although unlocked just as it says..at the time of my purchase did not say it doesnt get wifi... i suppose that was my own fault for assuming a name such as blackberry would be pretty up to date with technology. I found the lack of information a bit misleading although the phone itself was in excellent condition, all items expected were there and the phone functioned normally when updating and such with my computer.  For someone that gets a plan and doesnt really need wifi i would say its a good deal.. just wasnt wht i was looking for and now im stuck with it

The phone itself was just as described. But the major problem I had was that the battery had water damage so I had called Cellular Magic and spoke with the customer representative.  He had told me that he would call me back in an hour and place an order for a new battery.  It's been 3 hours now and he hasn't called back like he said he would.  POOR customer assistance in my view.

Great product, 100% new, just a red pixel, and back cover says verizon and the phone is telus. Fast shipping, the phone was verified and is BRAND NEW, battery brand new, all acc. are original, i love this phone. Seller: Amazon.

well!! truly speaking .... awesome service . I had some small complications but it was sorted out .....i really love this phone ... and i gifting it to my friend .. hope he will like it ......

not good and i cant used for internet and pp massenger sorry you said un lock for networks but cant used for internet and ather service.



The phone as advertised indicated that it was a new unlocked phone. However, the phone came locked and was not a brand new phone. I am totally dissatisfied with the product and recommend no one else buy this product.

The phone suddenly died on me after only 4 months. I never dropped it and it isn't wet or anything. Avoid this seller.

I recently bought two  Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide,  One of them is doesn't work, its doesn't star. I thought provably was the battery but it dint because I prove the battery of my other cell and also I dint work. I don't now what can be the real problem, because the phone was work awesome and suddenly pass a way. I need two have a solutions what can I do now???Also one of my charger doesnt work

The problem with this is the verizon actication on it, it denies most of the programs to run eg: a mere internet, but can read email only. It heats up, and the battery never lasts for at least 6hrs, every two to three hours you have charge, very dissapointing though

THE RECEIVE NO SIM TLF was not because Was NOT RELEASED BUT CAME WITH INTERNAL FAILURE RECORD. He sent TUBE REPAIR so that it can USE

I like it, I hope so for many years SIGAM, satisfying the comfort of people and clients. thank yoy. bye

lacks wi-fi capability but that's my fault for not paying attention. the next model up does have wi-fi. This phone being used in the DR with no problems.

I have had not one but two of these whose screen died within one year. Like other Blackberry's, they freeze easily, but they are much more difficult to revive beyond removing/replacing the battery; one has to search a long time on the web to find the button combination needed to reset them. Finally, typing is a lot more difficult and therefore slower than on a traditional (physical keyboard) Blackberry or on iPhone or Android phone.

Waste of time... the Phone is not unlocked properly... I am very disappointed with the phone.. it didnt meet my expectations...

The instructions from a previous buy to dial ##000000 to put your own # in the phone worked perfectly.  The company was great in responding to and addressing my questions.  Taking this phone to Trinidad and Tobago this week so hopefully all goes well.

Wow this blackberry was very disappointing, the screen was moving up and down it had scratches that tells me it was used before.I would never order phones online anymore.

Blackberry has not let its patrons down in any way by releasing this model.It may be obsolete now but has all the goodies of communication a blackberry can offer.Great phone

Bought the product some days now.....it is working fine but the only problem I have is that it doesn't have WIFI. Overall its ok.

First, it was asking for an activation code.It shows the veryson logo so it was supposed to be unlocked.I was trying to put it right and then puff!!, it was turned offforever and only shows a blinking red light.I take it to my carrier and they said nothing to do, it is broken.Now I have to send it back the seller and pay for it.A really bad deal to me.

Purchased this phone in July, 2012 and the phone stopped working in August, 2012.....tried every Blackberry technician available to get it fixed without any success....Each tech said the phone was faulty, no good, a lemon!!!! $137.00 down the drain!!!!

at first i was really excited about the phone, but when realising how outdated and old of a model it is..it broke my heart. its a new old phone basically

The product arrived on time, it works perfectly and it was pretty cheap, to be honest, I'm satisfied with the seller and with the purchase.

Good day. I came to Venezuela to buy a cell phone, and plugging the red light lit a second, but never caught the light and leave it charging all night and did not charge or turn on the cellEscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamenteDiccionario - Ver diccionario detalladoadjetivo0.good

These devices do not work. I regret not reading the reviews before purchase. I bought to take on vacation and for use overseas. Big mistake. I had no international phone services overseas as a result of this purchase.

the Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide, was very impresive pone, I use it in 4 countrys very well (Ecuador, Venezuela, USA & Canada), without issues

The item's quality is very poor. I already had a 9550 storm2 and I know this other 9530 is very good too, but this BB in particular had a low sensibility touch screen (I have to really really push for the icon to be selected) and I can not copy my songs from the computer to the devise. I know all these are functions that this brand offers and delivers, but the cellphone I received was defective.  In the item's description the seller wrote &#34;sold as is&#34; because I understand it goes anywhere in the world, but that's no excuse for sending a cellphone that should have never passed the BB quality control.

The Blackberry 9530 is a great buy this phone great features love how the whole screen is the clicker for choosing options.

I have purchased  this item as a gift  for some one..  unfortunately when the person  began to  use  this  unit it was  found that this  unit  has  a number  of  physical and  mechanical  faults  and/or  problems..  the  screen is  loose or  slack when it is  depressed.  also  the  battery get extremely hot  after  10-15 minutes  use.the  phone  discharges  in about  1hr  and  needs to be  constantly  recharge  some times  4 times in  one day  ( 8-12 hrs ). THE  unit itself  tends to lock up or seize up regularly .I AM DISSAPOINTED..

I purchase this phone on august14,2012, and i received it on august16,2012. on the 17 at 3pm i put the phone to charge. about the light keep shutting off to let me thing that the phone is charge. I turn on the phone and it was not coming on.So i put it back to charge and the light came on but it was not charging up un till 10pm that night the phone did not charge. All i did is do up a refund form because i do not have time to waist on something that is not good. The next thing they send me a verizon 9530 that i did not order. I order a Blackberry 9530 storm unlocked for any gsm world wide.

Le compre directamente a amazon por lo cual no puedo tener quejas de mi storm 9530, esta liberado aqui en Venezuela funciona perfecto luego de activarlo via ##000000, trae sus accesorios originales... No tiene ni una raya! 100% recomendado... Si le compras a amazon otros vendedores podrian ser un riesgo...

It is very good maximum works in 3g is calidada pure, I sit it go to difrutar of my product for an hour

These guy are really professional and helpful, phone was delivered ontime and all components came.  Their after sale services are the best as well.  They answered all my questions that I had email to them.Great product.

so far so good

OLD TECHNOLOGY, WAS DIFFICULT TO ADAPT TO, VERY OLD TOUCH TECHNOLOGY, NOT VERY COMPATIBLE WITH NEWER MODERN GADGETS AND HAD TO RETURN IT.

i love this phone i just wish i could connected to my WiFi other than that a very good phone..... i am giving it to uncle in Mexico and buying the Kyocera Rise ..... i give it 5 stars

Phone did not work and e-mailed the person selling it never got a response, the phone had been dropped in water and was damaged so had to take the guts out so I could use the screen to fix my  old phone, before ordering from this person make sure you check his Rating and any complaints. Will never buy from this person again.

not working  this  mobile  is  very bad  result......  I can not  open mobile  and I didn't got cover  & charger.  they chat  with  me.

OEM SUCKs and their PRODUCT SUCKS!Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide! if you don't want your money stollen from you as i am losing $156.75 within six months, then never deal with the OEM shop through Amazon, the biggest regret of my life was to buy BLACKBERRY 9530 STORM UNLOCKED FOR  ANY GSM CARRIER WORLDWIDE, this product is not true, it is fake. I bought this item to use oversea in May, 2011, i travelled out and the product never worked, it goes off and your call drops immediately you pick it up, you can't hear anyone talking to you on it. I had to buy a new phone over there to use and on returning i tried to contact Amazon for the faulty product sold through their site and i was told to contact the seller, and the seller OEM blatantly refused to help me, claiming it has passed the time of return and for me, that is a bad customer service.In fact, OEM customer service is zero. Again, i was asked by Amazon to contact the manufacturer since the product is still within the one year warranty and the manufacturer asked that, the seller contact them directly  but the seller has refused to contact the manufacturer, i have written over five emails to OEM and they are insisting on not assisting me, and the question is, if they are genuine and they actually got the product from the manufacturer, why did they refused to contact them and for me that shows, OEM is stealing here so be beware of doing any business with them and the worst is that, OEM claimed the product has no WARRANTY, not in my widest dream, have i seen any electronic without a warranty and my greatest disappointment is the fact that, it is written on their product information that the item has a one year warranty. Please never buy this product and any OEM products if you don't want to be treated like me, right now, the phone doesn't even come on at all, it dose't pick up any signal,  and this is how it has been since i got it. Don't be deceived by OEM because they are not genuine. I know there is no one in the OEM store who will be happy to throw away $156.75 in six months in this bad economy and they sit there in their store telling me trash about their faulty and spilt product without thinking of helping me in any way. I tell you OEM, you will regret your action in the near future.

The most useless and worthless product I ever bought through amazon.I bought this for my friends in back in my home country and they were literally pissed off at me by unboxing the product.NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT.... Be patient to read this if you really want to buy this.The product arrived after 10 days of my expected delivery date. I used to email the seller everyday and the reply I get from them is "Dear seller, Your package will be delivered in time".The products I received were not new, they are not genuinely unlocked, the accessories you get are not original, head phones, phone pouch, boxing, nothing is original...one of the phone is broken too. I asked them for a replacement or return and they said I need to pay a 15% restocking fee and all shipping charges, which is obsoletely annoying.If anyone reading this doesn't believe me, please wait for my video review. I will post it in couple of weeks as I am out of country right now.I just wasted $380 in this useless product.

device is frozen, internet run very slow. and is not wifi capable. i think i purchased it by mistake. wrong

I am writing this review so late because i thought it would be of no use, but then thought, let  atleast other customers to be wary of this seller.one of the worst product i received.I could not check the handset as i was in a hurry and lastly when i opened it was all crap,the touch screen was not working, clicking one icon, it was opening other, the set was loose , one can hear spare part sounds.One of my worst bought item from Amazon.I would not recommend anyone to buy a product from this seller .

just recieved this in the mail..I will say that it was a great price, but I haven't connected it yet so idk what to really say about it, but so far it had been great, i doodle here and there and seems to work just great

I wanted an unlocked cellular phone to take to my country......but it never works.The cellular phone works only to call and text messages but not works to blackberry messenger text.

I ordered and received said item in a short space of time..(renamed cranberry because of red silicone case). Also ordered extra battery. Love the phone but get annoyed at the method of executing commands...not as easy a touch screen as I thought..BIGGER issue, the charger doesnt work..after much frustration, my son discovered Kindle cord can recharge it. Not internet-connected because of Blackberry plan needed. Maybe one day I'll go there.

Well i got the phone and look gud and great features but yeah i there was a little problem on it that if u in a process of a call and u want to use normal phone mic ur partner cant hear u unless you use headset or hands free before everything will be clear but there is no way you can use the phone mic for it to work and i dont know either it went bad from the shiping or it already broken

I love the phone which arrive with only minimal scratches (which no one can see because we put it in a protective case immediately) and it worked perfectly.I bought it as a gift and my dad loves it

The phone worked well for the first three months. After this the touchscreen began to malfunction so that it was difficult to type using it. Its now seven months an the touchscreen is not functioning at all.

I bought this Blackberry Storm few days back. This is the first time i though of going for a refurbished one. The looks are amazing. But to my surprize its touch screen was not working. And what can i do if a phone is operated only by touch screen and even that dosen't work. Then i figured it out that it required the side panels to be pressed hard and then the touch screen worked but even this was temporary, after some time it stopped again. I inserted my sim in it and tried to make a call out, call was going through but when calling it should displays the number to whom i am calling and my own number on it. But it does not display My number on it. It displays as 000-000-0000.Finally i had to return it back. Over all i am not at all satisfied, and more over i am getting a new Blackberry Storm for $215 then i don't know why i even though of going for a refurbished one paying $125. It totally worthless.

This product is exacly what i expected i love my new phone it works great.I recommend this product to all of you that need a new phone. the oem shop really comes throw .

why was the phone hooked up to an at&t sim i tried different sims and nothing it had to be a at&t to work but i dont have that. rethink when you buy thats all im saying like i rated it good ontil i found this problem

DEAR FRIENDS, YOU ARE A LIAR, THIS PHONE ISNT WORK ANYMORE, WHEN I BUY I LOOK ALL DETAILS SAYS COSMETICALS LITTLE DAMAGES BUT NO SAY: THE SCREEN ISNT WORK.S` A LIAR.

This phone is not so good. very slow, touch screen is not responds quickly. I think It`s little expensive. Normal price would be 50-60 U.S $

I have a Blackberry Storm thru a Verizon contract, but it was time for a new one (touch pad no longer responsive) and Verizon informed me that I had used up my ability to get a cheap or free phone.....long complex story ......so I bought this unlocked Blackberry Storm. As soon as I ordered it a huge snow storm covered the East half of the country, so it took quite a while getting to me. but once it did, I set it up in place of my old phone......very easy to accomplish. not a week passed and low and behold Verizon contacted me to tell me I now qualified for a new phone:) Such thoughtful Folks:) My new phone appears to be brand new....though It is a remanufactured phone. It came with a battery, battery charger, USB cord and instruction book. This phone has operated flawlessly.If this phone lasts a long time, I may simply keep buying remanufactered unlocked phones.

I bought mine used, and it came with the battery, power cord and phone.  I wanted to upgrade from a Blackberry Curve so I was excited about the larger screen and the touch screen features which indeed are nice.  I forgot to check the specs though.  It has no Wi-fi.  Apparently that's the difference between the 9530 and the 9550.  Like I said I am using this as an mp3 player and have no use for the phone features (except for installing programs).  I ended up having to install 9530 programs on the Blackberry Curve and then switching out the card.  I honestly don't know how you would get programs like audible installed without having a compatible device that has wi-fi.That being said.  now that I have my programs installed it is a great mp3 player.  Much more versatile then the curve thanks to the touch screen.  all of my family has I-phones and it makes me laugh when they spend 20 minutes trying to get a song off the computer onto their phones.  I just drag the files onto the SD drive and they work.I wanted to say something about the camera because It's something I rarely use on a phone.  They are always too blurry and useless to comment on.  This one however is quite nice.  It has a focus feature that I didn't see on the Curve.  You set your finger on the screen and it will focus, apply pressure and it takes an actually nice quality photo,  In a darker room it shines a bright led light for a flash.  I thought that was a great upgrade from the curve.

Nothing to alredy received! Thanks you! igual hope todo hace you as my n&uacute;mero one shop.......................................

I bought a new cell pone, that when I receive it, was not new, but refubished, and it doesnt work the plug to charge the battery, so, cannot use it.

I Did not Get My Phone From The Dealer Someone Take My Pone To The Wrong Address. And I Did Not Get My Money Back Or My Phone. Apart From That Amazon Is A Good Company To Deal With.

The function of the phone is fine, but one thing that I was ignorant of was the fact that there is absolutely NO help available from RIM in the event that you ever have a problem with your phone.  I learned this the hard way when an automatic software update that was transmitted to my phone wirelessly wiped out my schedule and all of my contacts.  Verizon could not fix it, so they gave me a new phone.  Shortly after re-entering all of my data, the same thing happened again.  The restoration software on my computer failed.  At this point, I discovered that RIM has absolutely no customer support, only user forums.  After the second crash I dumped the phone and got an android, which I am delighted with.  In that regard, RIM did me a favor.  I will never own a Blackberry device again.

GOOD AS THE PHONE CAN NOT SAY ANYTHING BAD WINE AS GOOD, THE REPORT AND SO FAR I HAVE NOT SAID. BATTERY NOT SERVED AND DOES NOT TOUCH. I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO HAVE COMMUNICATION WITH THE SUPPLIER.WANT TO KNOW THAT I DO IN THIS CASE

Honestly, don't even bother wasting your time researching this phone. This phone is a waste of money and your time.

I received the Blackberry 9530 yesterday, and what a total disappointment!  If I could rate the phone less than 1, I would. The device itself should have been discarded instead of resold.  Never again!  I'd rather pay full price for a new phone than to buy through this route.  It is difficult trying to contact someone so that I can return the 'thing'.

I receibed the device bad packaged, no safe packeged, the keys of the top are no working,the block key and the silence key, I paid a techical services for fix them,its an adicinal cost for me. The device in good now, I hope don't have any other problems.

is from Verizon.. the cellphone dosnt isnt unlocked for any carrier... dissapointed! :| I want a change because the prodict that I got dosnt works with my carrier

Product was like new as didcribed and i got it in just 1 day perfect buy. I would recomend anyone to buy this Product.

The browser icon was disable in the phone, the bum pin was blocked too and the battery didn't last long, above all that the phone shut down several times!!!

I had other bb's before but this one was not good. It's difficult to text and I did not realize it was not wifi capable which made it difficult for me. If you need a basic phone then this will work.

good item , bought to give as a  present the party is very satisfied with the product and so do I.

The Phone looks good and is worth for the Price of $135. It is truely a world wide unlocked phone and is working in India with BSNL SIM card. The delivery by Amazon was good and the seller gave best service in replacing a faulty Charger with a new one with out any question in time. I recommend this product for the Users who wish to buy a good quality product at less price

This phone was in good condition. It was not compatible to my phone service (Solivae), so I sold it and purchased another one.

I did not receive an original Blackberry charger. No hands-free set was available. The unlocked mobile is showing "My Number" as some other number instead of my own number for the SIM inserted into. It was not at all a good deal for me.

this phone is not good I've gotten a phone without a new update, when I have put internet on the phone is my little edge and when I went to a place of phone they say that the phone is block, I want this phone anymore if something is a problem you have to say. but no problem selling things

This freezes a bunch and I hate it but it is my workhome. The keyboard is nice though so 3.

This phone goes good with both lady and gents.  Buy all related products, Bluetooth, case, screen protector and you'd feel out of this world

The phone is nice but the data cable charger does not charge the phone hours it has been on and the phone is not charging i had to purchase a charger from another seller here in my country which was really depressing because amazon.com is used a lot to shop online by my friends. And the phone does not have wifi and the details of the phone didn't note in detail

when i got the two phones the first i notice was the used outside, & when i start using it, one of them is not taking the batery charge, and the other one have problems with the screen an  is imposible to get in to the BBM, Facebook or any aplication i downloaded, so those are really a bad purchase

The order came  in a timely manner- initially the phone worked great. Later I had issues accessing data from my SIM card.The battery has a very short life. Although it may simply need replacing, but if the phone is listed as &#34;new&#34; then this shouldn't be the case.

this phone is amazing a i am buying two more the touch is responsive the qwerty pad work awesome i love this product

The phone arrived as described. I used it for a while before disposing of it. I sold it off not because the phone was bad but the whole blackberry platform was like a maximum prison. I am a fan of windows phones now. Good luck to all the blackberrians.

excellent, meets my expectations when it comes to quality, functionality and handling of the product, besides the remarkable physical conditions

I ordered this phone when my Blackberry Curve broke. I was mainly attracted to it because of the touch screen, but when I got it, I was in for a shock. It is indeed touchscreen, but it's not like normal touch screens. For this one, if you want to actually get into an app, you have to press down on the screen - not just touch it, but actually press the screen down. It's pretty weird at first, but you'll get used to it. As for the actual phone usage, it's a decently usable phone. It's fairly easy to use and all of the essential functions such as calling and messaging are fully functional. There are a few problems with this phone:1. The battery life deteriorates pretty quickly over time if you're not careful2. If you're using it with any carrier other than Verizon, the data is pretty slow3. There aren't many apps that you can use with itHowever, it's a pretty durable phone. During the time I used it, it fell at least 50 times from my back pocket onto the floor before it started getting wack. If you need a replacement or temporary phone, this is a pretty good option. Otherwise, you should look for a better device.

I MADE A BIG MISTAKE PURCHASING PHONE. AM UNABLE TO ACTIVATE OR CHANGE FROM SPANISH TO ENGLISH. NO CONTACT NUMBER FOR ASSISTANCE. AM FEELING CHEATED AND DECEIVED!SURE WISH I COULD WRITE A POSITIVE REVIEW!

Bought the phone for sister in west Africa and she love it very much then I expected and you know what all hell the one time best smart phoneEmanuel

I got sucked  in the touch screen/3.2mp camera-voice activated comands gadgets and at the time i bought it, blackberries ruled the world.I wasnt prepared for a tech device to work this terrible. It processes information so slowly that youd think it was an Atari Amiga. It basically has no hard drive memory. Take 4 pics and the  thing will start slowing down. I havent tried any other touch screen phones but i gotta say  only tinkerbell would be able to write in this puppy without having to press the wrong letters and backtracking several times on a conversation. Forget about chatting at your normal speeds. Nicole Richie cant tame this POS. The camera is good but it takes so long to get ready youll never capture any important moment. The voice activated feature seems to be developed by Helen Keller(she was deaf too, i googled it) as it NEVER ONCE got a correct name. People would see me in the street yelling at the phone NOOO, NOOO, NOOO.while giving me a differente option? "Did you say Kyle?" "No its MIKE!!!"Imagine that everytime it got me the wrong name(WHICH WAS 90% OF THE TIME) All of these happened when it worked properly.First thing that went was the keyboard. I have to hold the phone vertically for the letters S, A, M, N, P and enter and horizontally for the rest. After that every  touch option started malfunctioning. The contacts options, the call history function and even the dialing option!!! A phone you cant make calls from!!! I had to to turn the thing on and off at least 3 times a day(it took about 3 minutes to restart each time). This is the only tech device created by man that  has made me BEG. I would ask it in submissive manner to please wOrk just this time for this important call and i would promise not to bother it anymore that day.I cant imagine a company making something this horrid unless it was a voluntary attempt to avenge the wrongful imprisonment of a loved one. If your wife gives this to you, you could use in court as evidence of psychological abuse. This is the William Hung of cellphones and you will think youre being PUNKED. Youre not. Its actually like this. Run away from this phone. Huya, no se detenga!!! Just Run!!!

thanks very much team,who ever u r,for this item,it was just what i wanted it just like i saw it

i order 2 of these phone 17 days ago from the OEM store and i have not received the phone they are telling me that they don't have it in stock and they are still selling on this site i have to be filing a clam because they wont give me my product i paid for . this is my 5 or 6 purchase from this seller and i find it so unfair as they didn't even have the contact to try and contact me andy one purchasing from the OEM store should be careful

Suppously it come in an original box and with handsfree, and it doesnt come with it. I will wait for your answer.

Look, this is trash. I sent it back. It doesn't reflect the real description on internet.  This product needs improvement. What a sham!

compre el Blackberry ya que en su publicidad dice claramente que es liberado para cualquier empresa GSM de cualquier lugar del mundo, estoy en Caracas Venezuela y el celular esta bloqueado debo pagar aqui para liberarlo

the screen damage so easy, I had to change the screen for twice, it was so stressfulbut generally is a good cellphone

No good,  up to now it cannot work.  I bought it to a phone store but nothing can be done.  I wonder if I pay for disposal

I purchased this phone as a gift for my brother who now lives in Panama and it was a hit. I came exactly in the condition as the vendor promised, it was also unlocked as stated, and it worked right away. All my brother had to do was insert his phone SIM card into this new phone and it worked instantly. There was no need for him to go to a phone carrier to have them configure the phone for it to work. Great buy and the vendor delivers quickly. Will definitely use this vendor again!!!!

Compre el BlackBerry hace unas semanas, y no he tenido ningun problema con el, me lo enviaron super rapido, yo estoy en Panama, y no me fue ningun problema activarlo, Recomiendo altamente el que vende BLUETEK-USA. te adjuntan una hoja con las intrucciones para activarlo muy facilmente...y a diferencia de otros tambien trae los audifonos originales. algunos noSaludos

The phone is not working and showing a factory error! kindly advise way forward, is there warranty en return to

This phone comes broken and does not work. Even though the store would refund the money, I didn't want to send the phone back as I am overseas and thought the shipping to US would be more expensive than simply fixing it here. Big mistake. However, they were in touch all the time and were responsible enough to at least telling me they would give me the money back as soon as they had the device in their hands. When the problem appeared the first time, I thought that I fixed it when changing the battery. I told them that, that the battery was damaged and they refund me the cost of it here in my country no question asked.However the problems persisted, and at the service here they told me the phone had a broken circuit inside and could not be fixed.So, as I did not send the phone back, I can't complain about the people at the Store, as they were respectful and were in touch with me all the time. However, the huge amount of wasted time and money this phone has represented for me makes me have to say everything but recommend buying this phone, BlackBerry Storm 9530. The phone is of awful quality and most of the time will go broken down. Buying it refurbished? Buy it if you want to buy a headache! I wouldn't recommend buying this thing not even to my worst enemy.Amazon should ban the selling of the BlackBerry 9530 Storm refurbished, as almost all, if not all of them, are broken and represent problems for us the costumers.Regards!Felipe, Venezuela.

great phone works well love it not a bb person i am an iphone person but use bb for traveling in 3th world countries works great there

I have been charging the phone since May ist still battery is dead.Now there is a msg  that says  the outlet you are using cannot charge thee blacberry.What am I to do?

I was looking for the unlock cell phone for travel to over sea, found this Blackberry sound good for what I need for the price, then after received the phone try to used it turn out it need to activate from verizon service, this phone have to go back.aw.

Its a good product only that the network provider (ULTRAMOBILE) does not provide internet facility for this product which seemed very unfortunate and sad to me for i am addicted to face book and other internet services. Above all its sound system is awesome!

i didnt know what i was getting myself into with this phone, doesnt have wifi and its very hard to use.

I like how it looks but for browsing is a problem, Does not have wifi, and when the cell phone company try to put internet it does not support it.

buen equipo, llego casi nuevo el telf. muy pocos detalles... envio rapido, desbloqueado, recomiendo el telf. por el vendedor blutekusa, incluy&oacute; paso a paso para eliminar situaciones como activacion requerida a travez del ##000000, etc. recomendado para venezuela, ya lo he probado con tres operadoras de servicio y ninguna me ha dado problemas... aun no he hecho la activacion del PIN, si tengo problemas les har&eacute; saber... tengo dos dias probandolo antes de decidir con cual operador activar&eacute; el plan!

Its a verizion unlocked phone..you can use a sim card into this but these phones are designed for CDMA style. the software is not compatible with GSM style. If youre lucky you can get the phone service started, but blackberry internet service wont start. so you wont be able to use Blackberry Messanger or blackberry app world or blackberry browser. The phone will be very slow to use and it wont be fully functional on any other service but verizion. so bad idea to buy

This phone works only with 3G band 1 , not available in Venezuela, in other words u must work it on EDGE tech, the phone is new, comes boxed thats a plus, but it comes with no headphones and a GENERIC ac adapter thats much to be desired. i dont recomend the seller for this phone.

I have had this phone for about 2 months now and love it.  I was a little nervous about purchasing this phone because of some of the bad reviews I read but I am glad I did.  I guess it really depends on who you get your phone from.  Mine was from The OEM Shop.  The phone was in mint condition and looked brand new.  Put my sim Rogers card in and the phone worked right away.  This phone is great.  I think that being manufacturer refurbished makes this phone better than a brand new phone because all the issues this phone would have had have been corrected and fixed.  The $100.24  plus shipping I spent for this phone was well worth it.  Thanks OEM shop for providing such a quality product!!Rob L.

i bought this phone and was promised a headsetthat was like two weeks ago; still no headseti was even asked to remove my previous comment

It's a shame to sell a refurbished product without functional testing. Storm received my 9530 and it just came with a defect in the telephone jack to charge the battery. Have tested the charger on other phones and it is working perfect. The USB does not work (since the defect is on the phone). I am totally dissatisfied with the phone because of the defect. If there was no defect rate the phone 5 stars. Unfortunately downside for Amazon!

wasn't happy with the phone couldn't hardly use the phone couldn't get picture messages but the main thing is that I couldn't use the phone because when I did the person on the other end couldn't hear nothing I said it was a bad noise on the other end so I wouldn't tell anyone about this phone I had it active for about a week and that was all so this phone was the waste of money

the blackberry 9530 i received didn't even booth up much less turn on. I'm very disappointed as i had a very important dead line to meet.the item was charged over night as specified in most manuals the comes with a &#34;NEW&#34; phone. however, i never received such manual with this product. the manual i received just had basics, which were not relevant.

I ordered and paid for brand NEW Blackberry Storm 9530. I was supplied a re-manufactured phone which began giving problems within days of first use. OEM representative wanted to know how I knew it was a re-manufactured phone. It was clearly stated inside the back of the phone.While happy that they refunded me for cost of phone I am deeply distress that they deducted $5.00 for not returning it in the original package.  Now what the hell are they needing original package for this piece of junk. I had to ask if it was their intention to re-package and sell to another trusting unsuspecting customer.Customers BEWARE of OEM...

Whoever sold me this phone is heartless in doing so. Its a junk. Worse purchase in my life.  Made me to think twice before buying used item

The phone i purchased stopped working after a month. i repaired it couple of times and still does not work. waste of money! dont buy

Storm 9530 purchase 3 wks ago not working anymore,just ordered another battery, it doesnt charge d other battery and dnt come on anymore

muy buen producto llego completo caja sellada con los accesorios y desbloqueado para las operadoras de venezuela agarro la se&ntilde;al de inmediato

I ordered the BlackBerry 9530 at the last minute hoping that I would get the product for an upcoming birthday. I contact the shipper and they assured me that I would get the product in time. Everything went well the product arrived earlier than expected. On a side note the new unlocked BlackBerry 9530 works wonderfully. Even outside of the United States. Thanks for great service

i recieved my phones on time and in good condition. one of them didnt have a working camera but everything else was ok

I acquired two devices and I am trying the reversal of my purchase, therefore exactly estao with a problem of pueira inside of the viewfinder and this goes to generate me a cost to arrange, and if the reversal this resource was carried through would go to be used fixes for it of the same. There I am I wait in it of the reversal to give sequencia I fix in it and to be able to use the product that I acquired.

Fantaastic phone, maybe the best BlackBerry that I ever seen.Fast Operative System, fast and easy menu easy to personalize.very very good

i chose this rating because wen I got the phone, the back of the phone is rising up, and the screen is scratch

well i bought this from amazon not from the other buyers and so far 4 weeks now the phone has worked very good .. only thing i didnt get the original battery charger .. but it was well packed and workin very good .. so ppl if you buyin please buy from trusted buyers

i just bought this cellpone and i don't know why the camera doesn't work it say that there is another aplication open, and there is noting opened, so please somebody can giveme an answer about it???

The phone is not like it appear in the pictureIt's look like everything was replaced on this phoneThe back of the phone was defenelly changeI beleave the phone was refurbished verry bad

la compra se dio a tiempo, en el lapso sin contratiempo, el producto nuevo en buen estado. todo excelente. 100%.

It was a cristmas gift for my son and he choose it. He like this model. He enjoy it very much

This seller retain information from me. The phone is just a blackberry shell all the apps were removed from the phone the phone has bbm but as no internet capability am unable to retrieve emails or go online to search for anything it was a big waste of my money.

recomendado para la compra buen producto y barato vale la pena recomendado para la compra buen producto y barato gracias
