
though i ve been using the phone regularly i will b taking it to the apple store to exchange it  the home button rarely works and the which means i had to put one on the screen and the screen doesnt shut off due to a faulty proxy sensor which means when im talking i either mute people out or im bumping buttons leaving loud beeping noises in the other persons ear

did my best to get in touch with you for a change of equipment, since I received the phone is cdma tegnologia, and does not work in Venezuela, my intention was to file a change for gsm team, but I found it impossible to get any type of response, should pay attention to the requirements of its customers.

I had originally owned a Droid X2, and I got it off a Groupon. Well that should have been my first red flag because the phone was only $25 (including a case, screen protector, and bluetooth). Out of frustration, I purchased the iPhone 4 in hopes that it would be a dramatic improvement compared to my Droid X2. I purchased it used, in very good condition. Aside from a minor scratch on the screen, the phone was in very good condition. The only problem I have is the home button. It either sticks, or it doesn't work immediately. But other than that, the phone itself is awesome and unless another Droid comes my way that can take the cake, I'm sticking to the iPhone.

it's not the &#34;be all and end all&#34; device that Apple zealots would have you believe.This has been my first apple device, and it's certainly adequate.  It's not bad, but it's not light-years ahead of other devices either.It's not without bugs or quirks.  Most outstanding:  it has problems with DHCP with my wifi-cable modem where I need to turn wifi on the phone off and then on again in order to get traffic flowing again.  This need has revealed another quirk where, on occassion, Wifi will *not* turn off.  Sometimes the slider (on-off switch) bounces back to the &#34;on&#34; position.  Sometimes it looks like it turns off, but when I go back to the main settings screen and then return to the wifi settings screen, the wifi switch is back on again.  In this situation, I go through a cycle of turning wifi off 3 - 8 times before it actually remains off.Text entry is simply uninspired.  For all Apple's much bally-hewed design talents, they certainly didn't waste any cleverness surging beyond a basic keyboard.  The phone's auto-complete feature is nice, but I had better auto-completion on a Palm V over 10 years ago.  I pine for T9 to accelerate text entry.Built-in email is well integrated & supports multiple accounts.  Build-in calendar is less versatile.Speaker phone is adequate, but I've had better from cheaper phones.Oh, and if you only want to use wifi-sourced data on your phone & avoid data plan fees, iPhones work perfectly fine without a data plan.At the risk of stating the obvious:  if you don't have a data plan, you don't get google maps, email, etc. when you're out-of-range of a wifi network.  For me, this is fine.  The carriers categorize text messaging as non-data, so you can pay for that if you like.Sure, without data you take a hit on certain (& very few) phone features; the most significant & least obvious, I'd say, would be the log of outstanding voicemails the iPhone can show you.-- Without data, you just get an indicator that you have voicemail to be listened to.-- With data, you get an inventory of who left you voicemails at what times.***All*** iPhone apps have settings to enable/disable data transfer over the phone network.  The phone also has a &#34;master&#34; setting for this, too.DO NOT let Verizon, Sprint, etc. tell you that a data plan is necessary to operate one of these on their networks.  It's simply not so, and -- unless they've changed their tunes in the past 2 years -- they will not tell you this.  Verizon & Sprint (and probably all other carriers) will make you get a data plan to have one of these on their network, and they won't tell you anything different.  When I've asked them, they've been unequivocal on this requirement.  Their justification for this is completely bogus; namely that smart phones need data to operate.I've learned, however, of 2 ways to get around this requirement.1 - get a pay-as-you-go account2 - piggy back your iPhone on an account with someone else's iPhone that has a data plan.(in my case, my wife's work pays for her phone & plan; I piggy-back on the account, but don't use data.

I bought this iPhone 4, It is in new condition. It arrived promptly. Excellent seller. now I am looking for someone to unlock this great phone here in Venezuela!!!!!!

The phone is awesome and much better than a droid or HTC.  I will never go back to a windows based product.

It is great to receive a phone that was affordable its so easy to use screen is easy to see

Phone was ordered on 5/18 and delivered on 5/21, worked great first two days and then started mesing up all the screens jump and when taking a picture the screen goes red and green. Went to request a return to find out its return window expired on 5/22 the day after it was delivered. Have tried contacting the seller but have not had anyone return my call.. Very Disappointed!

Everything works but the main button to get thru the many screens doesn't work.  Had it checked out by a repair shop and it sticks.  For the price, I am satisfied.

Small crack on body of device, not internal problems, software is fine,activated with no problems overall am very happy with my buy thank you so much.

Great phone but the description needed to be clearer.

iphone is in good shape - works great - except the on/0ff button on top - this phone is so much easier to operate than my old smart phone.

Very pleased with my purchase, all new and works great. I will use the net for all my shopping from now on.

The phone arrived in two days and is altogether just a wonderful purchase!!!!! I would recommend this phone for any and everyone!!! I love my phone!!!!!

phone stopped working after a month.. very disappointed with phone. speakers barely worked from the beginning. cant operate phone unless on speakerphone

Thanks Joycells. Everything works like a charm!

still using it !!! came like brand spanking new so very pleased with is no problems just a great phone I love love love it thanks so much

I bought this phone as a little &#34;trial period&#34; for myself, to see if I wanted to get an iPhone when my contract is up (not until july of 2015 unfortunatly). I love how the apple works. I'm very impressed, even with this only being an iPhone 4, and only being supported by 3G, this little guy moves pretty fast! (Much faster than I expected). I am going to be using this phone for the next few months or until I find a reason to not like it anymore. Absolutely satisfied, and am convinced to get the iPhone 5 when I'm eligible! (Pshh, whether my contract is up or not!) Glad I decided to try this phone out, and I feel safe knowing that all the kinks are worked out of it (since I got a refurbished one). So far so good! (:

Mine was listed as &#34;Used&#34; and in &#34;Good&#34; condition. What arrived was a factory new phone that had the shrink wrap removed the box so it could be sold as &#34;used&#34;. I can't say that you will receive the same but I am very happy with mine!

its like a brand new iphone 4s sans the box. Arrived promptly.  There was a sticker on the bubble wrap covering the phone stating it was an 8 GB phone so for a bit I thought I had been duped. But then checked the iphone memory and it is indeed a 32 GB.Very pleased!!!!!

I got it earlier than expected with everything. But,it came compleatly scratched up. But it still works. Can hardly see the screen.

I bought one of your product, Iphone 4 as new, but I did not realize that It is not unlocked, so It is imposible for me to use it due to I live in Venezuela. I wondering if It's possible to return it or what other solutions may have form you.. Thanks for your help on this matter... Waiting for your response.

I love the Apple phone.This is a outstanding deal and phone. I don't like writing a book to tell you about this. Deal

the best fourth-generation phone and the best support when you buy is the company that revolutionized appel these communication systems

I bought the phone and ship to Singapore.But I found that the phone cannot be used outside of US.I should take responsibility for the mistake.But the seller almost refund me all the payment.And save me a lot of lost.Thanks very much.

Nowhere in the item description (at least easily read) does it state the item is only 3G. I understand the seller shouldn't have to state &#34;not 4G,&#34; but it should at least state that it is 3G. I am now having to pay to return the phone. Why would I change from one 3G phone to another? Cosmetically, the phone was in excellent condition. The cord, however, was worn and dirty.Buy ONLY if you want a 3G phone.

Due to a number of factors I decided to downgrade from an iPhone 5 to an iPhone 4 - wish I wouldn't have done that.  The service, delivery and price was good but the phone was certainly a step down.

I like love my new Iphone, had an issue activating it at first cause the Verizob lady told me it was through US Cellular but I got it all taken care of.

It works perfectly and I absolutely love it. Best phone I have ever had, even when I was dead set on droid!

IT IS A CDMA PHONE THAT DOES WORK HERE IN THE BAHAMAS, I AM SO PISSED AT THIS PURCHASE! NEVER AGAIN WILL I DO THIS EVER! SO THE PHONEIS WORTHLESS HERE!

I was very impressed with the service and quality of the product I received. The product was shipped immediately and I received it before the expected date. The phone was in perfect (new) condition and I have had no problems with it at all. Activating it was a breeze. I would suggest this seller to anybody!

I got the phone in a timely fashion. Looked great, all accessories were included. Power button got stuck, couldn't power off. Had to send back.

downgraded from v 5 & very happy... needs to last until my contract comes do. May not trade it in.

Problem, scratch, and blemish free, just the way it should be :) why buy a new iPhone? :) :) :)

When I got I I knew it would be used, that's why I didn't mind the small scratches on the screen. The only thing that pissed my off is that I was not told that one of the speakers wouldn't work. And then the headphones( don't know if they were new or not) just stopes working for me

I ordered two iphone 4's.  My son lost his and I've been wanting one for a while but didn't want to pay full price from Verizon and I'm not eligible for an upgrade yet.  I haven't connected mine up to my service yet but my son has been using his for about a month now.  He's had no problems and it works great.  It was brand new right out of the box with the charger and earbuds.

Great this seller doesn't lie everything was just as he said it would be!Everything works great and the iPhone has changed what I thought of my Droid

hello good morning, this is to place you iphone sim card? for use in Venezuela thank you waiting for your reply

This is a 3G but works as well as my old Driod Razr 4G.  I had to make the switch so I could run some iOS apps for work but my regular contract isn't up for six more months so this is a good temporary solution. Would buy from this seller again.

The 3 g phone loads slower than I expected. I also find the &#34;s&#34; to be superior. Have it to do again I would get an s

Worked great thanks for the new phone has made a big difference with the available space and came in well before the last day for the arrival

Its an iPhone 4. Nothing too special about it. I got mine fairly fast for where I live (the middle of a cornfield). Ordered a Verizon phone and got a Verizon phone. There were a few small scratches on the back of the phone but I put a case on right away. The only thing wrong is there is a small spot on the screen that is more whited out than the rest of the screen. Not big and not a big issue. Ive been using it for a few months now. I have finally activated the phone and had no issues. Only reason for 4 stars is the whiter spot on the screen. Great seller.

The Phone does not work it's crap! It slowly got worse now I'm to the point where I cannot hear my calls!

This was a gift for my son. He really likes the phone and keeps it close by all the time.

Phone wouldn't work 10 minutes after I got it. I've only had it for 5 hours. When I first turned it on, it took forever and I noticed these lines going across the screen. At first it would go black if I was on it for more than 30 seconds now the screen keeps fading black everytime I try to unlock it and will randomely shut off. Seems to me like water damage because this is what happened to my last iphone I got wet. So in that case this is a scam.

I bought the iPhone 4 for my wife. It is in new condition. It arrived promptly. My wife absolutely loves it. Excellent seller. Highly recommend.Jerry

The only big problem of this iphone is that i can't used because the phone is locked.SO NOW WHAT? -.-

Came in a timely manner with a little slip with contact info (if there was any reason we were unsatisfied)  That was very appreciated but unnecessary because I have had no problems.  I would definitely order from this company again.  Greatness.

The camera takes fuzzy pictures but otherwise the phone is fine. It was very clean, like new, as advertised but what is with that camera.

This phone was a lemon. It looked great when it arrived, but the battery was near death, and after a few days the Home Button stopped working. The screen wouldn't react to tough, either. It was a very frustrating ordeal. I hope they don't turn around and pass it off onto someone else.It's time to through that baby away.

Great experience, I got a brand new iPhone 4 32gb. For verizon in the original sealed box with everything that it comes with(OH DID I MENTION IT CAME 3 DAYS EARLIER THAN EXPECTED) SUPER HAPPY WITH THIS SELLERI will buy my future electronics from just incase

Because I cannot use the product with my GSM chip,and I always understood this was possible...

I am very happy with this phone.  It was a gift for my son.  Just wish there were more directions  included .

When attempted to activate it was reported as a stolen device.

Apple was 1st in the race with these types of products, and they were great for the first few years, but history has now repeated itself with the Apple Corporation in that they have again fallen asleep with customer needs, no incorporation of new technology, products stale, prices OUTRAGEOUS on ALL their products, and so many other reasons.We have ditched all our apple products and switched to Android products from one company (which I will not name here). In the last 47 years of my life I have never bought an Apple Personal Computer and I have only bought 3 apple devices which we have sold them all. You would think CEOs would have to take a basic freshman 101 course in lessons learned from history, but apparently its beyond their grasp. It has always been amazing to me what their salaries are!

we like the price like the product,,,,, it doesn't had any scratch,,,,,like the gigabites,,,the color and special because it was in good condition

When the 4 came out, it was a whole new type of phone introduced to the world, faster and more beautiful to look at. It has great features and has always worked great for me.

This used iphone 4 was in ridiculously great condition. The price was similar or better than other used or refurbished iphones with less GB storage. My teenage son was getting this as a replacement phone until our contract is up for renewal and he can get a new one. Now he's not sure he wants a new one.

I bought an iPhone 4 32 GB that was supposed to be in NEW condition. When receiving the phone it worked well for a couple of months, then suddenly the phone screen completely shut off. The next day I took it to the Apple Store and had them look at it. The Apple associate then told me that the phone had been refurbished with third party parts and the screen had been replaced, and since the phone had the 3rd party parts, I was unable to get it fixed. I have emailed the seller about this, thinking perhaps it was a confusion, but they have not responded.

I can't complain about he phone at all I love it a lot. I would let everyone know about it

When I ordered it at the end of June, I was happy. It came fast and looked new. But In mid November IT QUIT WORKING. LIKE ARE YOU KIDDING. IT WAS NEVER DROPPED AND I HAD A CASE ON IT 24/7 AND IT JUST RANDOMLY QUIT WORKING. I am so mad . I spent a huge amount of money and its already broke? Thats bull crap.

My daughter wanted a iPhone for Christmas! Found this one Cyber Monday for a GREAT deal with all the accessories brand new in the box. Phone works great

I received the iphone in good condition.  The problem I had was that I could not capitalize any words which was a problem. Other than that the phone was as advertised.  I returned the phone without any hassles and received a prompt refund.

good afternoon this is to notify my dissatisfaction with the iphone 4 to buy, I tell him that is CDMA technology and that technology does not work in my country Venezuela today there is technology GCM sim car (ie with Chip) when I buy your produto of features not described in that technology, we show that I can not use the iphone in my country if it could be actual return him mind I feel cheated

I bought the 'Used - very good'  condition.  There were some slight scratch marks and some 'dirt' in the speaker slots and other cavities. Other than that, I've had it for almost 2 months now and no issues so far.

It' great I just did not  realize that I got a 4 i thought it was a 4's but my bad.But the phone has been great the only problem I have with it is the volume is very low and I away mute the phone when I'm talking on it.

I thought I was buying what was listed. But I received a different GB of phone than I had paid for. She did pay me the difference of the item I got and what I had originally paid for. But I am still upset because that's not what I wanted, and the phone wasn't unlocked.

I wanted an iPhone that was current but inexpensive. I found it on amazon. Good price, good product. I am very pleased.

The charger didn't even fit into the iPhone has to be something wrong with this picture... And the headphone was not great too.. It was an iPhone 1 headphone while I got the iPhone 4. The iPhone was in great condition and liked it very much.

&#34;i'm a hipster and now that this phone is an old outdated version of the iphone, it's become even more hip!&#34; - Wusten

This phone will grow on you. It is not only useful for making phone calls but serves as a mini computer and reference device for any number of tasks. It also allows you to carry with you the latest books and newspapers. It will not only lighten the amount of paper you might carry but will entertain you also.This device is highly recommended to anyone who is on the go and has no time to sit down at a desktop or lap to reference information.

Great phone, fast and timely shipping. the only downside to this product was that when i got it, the lock button stuck so i have to press really hard to get it to lock and unlock.

Having held out until recently T&P purchase new phone, this model of iPhone has been an outstanding purchase. User friendly as training video clips explain function from name persrectives.

Add more description to the phone because when i had received  mine the home button had some problems and did not want to work sometimes. also with the phone speakers, i am a person of music i like to always listen to music but when the speakers do not work fully it disappointed me. overall the phone was a great buy and i really enjoy it

LOVE THEM LOVE IT WILL S=USE AGAIN. HAVE TO GO ON AND ON ALL IS GREAT I LOVE AMAZON  REALLY HATE HAVING TO REVIEW EVERYTHING BUT THESE PEOPLE WERE GREAT

I enjoy the phone a lot. It is the only phone that i want to use. It is the one that i wanted

I'm in Guangzhou, China received Iphone4 32GB, overall is very good. Is the screen and border wear more often, it was a very good deal. Using Chinese telecommunications services.

I bought the phone it looks great no scratches nothing it was a used phone the only problem was the batterie dies in about an hour and sometimes doesn't even turn back on it takes about 30 minutes. I tried contacting amazon and they told me to check with apple but apple didn't do anything.

The Apple  Iphone is a great product, I will not go without it, this is my first try with an Apple product and I was not let down.

It's been a year & this phone still runs great with a good battery. The unlocked version is perfect for people who switch plans a lot. A great purchase for anyone deciding on using an iPhone.

It is a good phone. There are times it locks up on me and one time the ringer was not working and it was telling me that the headphones were in , when I have never put headphones in the phone. Overall... You get what you pay for!

I had to return this product as it was not the one I was looking for ! It was ordered accidentally ,I needed GSM instead of  CDMA.I face difficulty in returning this product but thanks to Amazon customer service which supported me well.

After Verizon changed its upgrade cycle that coincided with both of my phone upgrades, I was left to either replace my son's non-functioning phone by purchasing an iPhone 5 for over $600, wait for next year to upgrade/replace or pay $200 to repair my son's originally free phone.  I opted to check out what was being offered for last year's iPhone on Amazon and found a reasonably priced slightly used iPhone 4 with a great deal of memory.  The device works as expected, no blemishes (at least none that I could find and I think there was mention of typical minor wear and tear  - I saw none but I think that has to be put out there for used/refurb devices) and all cords, chargers were included in packaging.  It was delivered early and my son is thoroughly pleased to go from a free Samsung smartphone to an iPhone 4 (granted he wanted the 5 but he's 15 - he'll live...besides he's happy to be at the same level his friends are at with their phones).  I will be purchasing my phone this way and going outside of Verizon's market from now on.  This seller is outstanding, the service and quality easily exceeds expectations.  Thoroughly pleased!!!!

I got a great price, and it arrived on time for Christmas. It actually arrived ahead of the promised date. My daughter, who received the phone as a gift is very happy with it.

I had a defective speaker in the first month. I sent it back to VERY HQS and they asked if I would take the phone back if they fixed the speaker. I agreed to it for a slight reduction in price. About 2 months after that my home button started having problems. Its gotten now into the fourth month. This is a lemon. I asked for a refund for this phone that keeps having problems. They refused to take it back. Thanks VERY HQS for your customer service.

Received used / like new phone. It was virtually 'new', no scratches in near pristine condition. Came with small carring case and charger. EIN number was clearly labeled. Works great, no problems getting activated or charging. Seller is A+!

Well for one thing i didn't get a new one and  when i did get it, it had a very volgure e-mail left on it (rapepornog ) what the rest was i can't remeber, and there was still some chinese  writing left on it, i was lucky to get it off, so  i really do think ALL THE PHONES SHOOULD BE LOOKED OVER A WHOLE LOT BETTER THAN THEY ARE??????????

it is in good working order. usb charger but no wall unit to plug into. good buy anyway. satisfied customer.

We bought this Iphone with the belief that it was a new phone,  had it less then two weeks when the screen started to flicker, change colors randomly.  Took it to an apple store, they informed me that the screen was not aligned with the camera, they inputted the serial number of the phone, and discovered that it was out of warranty, had it been brand new as expected, there would have been a years worth of warranty left on it,  my 11 year old daughter is EXTREMELY disappointed in having her dream phone not even work for two weeks, some bday present huh.

I was about to buy this phone same phone for about 70 bucks more for new out of the box. Saw the same phone in the warehouse section with the Amazon guarantee. So glad i got the warehouse deal. Phone came with a charger like new, no i phone box but who cares.

I purchased this to replace my son's stolen iphone. This phone arrived quickly, brand new in original packaging. It is working very well on our Verizon network. We are well pleased.

Great deal on this phone. I took a big chance and had a lot of doubt.  The phone arrived on excellent condition and for the price this was a great deal.  Thank you'

I had my iphone 4 for 2 years and treated it really well.  Had a case on it and everything.  I decided to trade it in.  All it had were 2 very minor little scratches on the back.  The front was flawless. The "third party" came back and gave it the lowest possible rating. Their reasoning was that it was heavily scratched. Not Acceptable at all! Way to take my money and run with it. I could have traded it in with VZW and got $150 for it even if the phone was all scratched up. Giving me $65 is not cool!

Phones... People have strong feelings about their cell phones it seems but when it comes down to usability, simplicity and just 'working' pretty much all of the time, still no one does it better than Apple and the iPhone.I know you can customize the Droids more here and there, I know there's no widgets, no this and no that. But there's also more security, more safety, more updates that roll out to everyone as soon as they're ready, more people using an iPhone 4 who still get to use pretty much the same features as the iPhone 5 because the software is available for both phones at the same time.The app selection is better, the best apps come out for iPhone first and the screen is great now that they've put the whole 'Retina Display' thing out there, the only real negative is the screen size, which in today's world, should really be bigger than 3.5&#34;.  Unless you have a very specific need for an Android, most users will find the iPhone just perfect for what they want to do.

The phone looked in great shape when I received it...however at first I noticed it was a bit slower than my previous iPhones.  After a couple weeks it was very evident the phone was not processing well.  Here we are 2 months later and besides using it as a phone, everything else is so slow that I cant browse or check email unless I have 15 minutes to wait and reopen the application multiple times.  I am very disappointed in this product

there were no marks on it and it works perfect. i havnt had any problems with it so far. just like new.

It took me a long time to get on board with the updating to a smart phone, and I really don't know what I was thinking. Some advice though: make sure you are buying a genuine apple phone and GET INSURANCE! I bought the 32 gb iPhone, and two weeks later dropped it in water. When I took it to an apple store, they said it had been hampered with and thus they couldn't replace it unless I wanted to pay $750.So then I had to buy another one (obviously I couldn't go back to not having words with friends)...I bought from an apple dealer and paid a little extra for the warranty. And don't forget the case, because you will drop this everyday.

Beats any android base phone out there. Great price for the phone also, easy to operate and long battery life. Great deal on a great phone.

Excellent phone. On time delivery. Awesome!

The phone was in good shape like promised but you would think that if someone just paid 254.00 for a USED phone that it would at least come with a phone charger. Plus the phone didn't have the capibility of being activated from the phone. So not only do I have to go up to the verizon store to PAY to have it activated but I also have to spend more money for a charger.

Wonderful phone altogether for a wonderful price....Very very satisfied.....Purchased w. a SquareTrade 1-Year Accident Protection Plan for Prepaid Cell Phone just to make sure everything was covered....As of yet have not had to use it *fingerscrossed :-D  Again, a very wonderful device! Came quickly and had no signs of flaws or wear and tear (the phone literally looked brand new!) Just keep in mind if buying this device; it is a VERIZON iPhone which means IT COMES WITH NO SIM CARDS SLOT, it will have to be activated by an associate of iOTA (internet over the air)......Again, a perfect device! Would most definately do business with the seller again! Keep up the great work!

Just like new for a fraction of the price. My daughter loves it, she uses it all day and night. I would recomend an otter box case they pay for them selves in no time.

I purchased this phone for my husband and he is very satisfied with the performance and the capabilities.  One of his favorite gifts ever.

Phone was delivered promptly.  I was worried that phone may be used or wouldn't connect with Verizon.  Phone appears to be new and I had no problems connecting with Verizon.  I have issues with several apps, but I don't consider that the seller's fault.  Phone won't download entire I-tunes library and the maps doesn't have a voice feature.  .

Got a great deal on this but the battery has very shortage which is why I replaced an older version

The phone I bought through Amazon was stolen. When I went to have it activated at the Verizon store the sales clerk told me it had been reported stolen. Luckily I was able to get a refund from Amazon.  How disappointing! I have not bought one single electronic  item from Amazon since and may not in the future due to this experience.

This phone is perfect. It came in the original packaging and works beautifully. More than I expected. I definitely recommend this

I've had this iphone for over a month and its easy to use and fun. The earpiece did stop working for awhile but it seems to be working now.

Thank you &#34;JOYCELLS&#34; for delivering as promised, and the phone is in pristine condition.check her shop you will be glad you didAs for the phone itselfGreat phoneNo complaints

Phone accordingly is new but upon checked by apple store it is fake. Could not get any cell signal.

Thank you the phone looks like it is brand new and works great!  Couldnt be more happy with the product.  highly recommended!

It has to be charged too much.It will only last for 2 days. It has  small fonts and there was no instruction.

I ordered this IPhone because it came with a 30 day manufacturer warranty. Needless to say I haven't had to worry about using it. The condition said good-used and it was good the only part that wasn't the best was a little rubbing on the putter metal part from being in an otter box it's entire life. I'm very happy with my 1st iPhone I am happily converted from being an android lover! &#128515;

I was excited to get my very first smart phone. The item was purchased as being NEW. I received it and had loved the I Phone until a few days ago when I was only able to make calls using the speaker phone. I took the phone to Apple and they took it apart and informed me that the phone was refurbished-there was not original Apple parts in there so they would not repair the phone. I am not unhappy with Apple or Amazon. But the company that supplied this item-I have never felt to tricked, ripped off, and taken for a ride. Amazon, luckily, was nice enough to at least stand by their promise and issue a full refund, even though the purchase was a bit past the thirty days. Will I use Amazon again? Yes. Apple? Yes. This supplier? NOOOO!! RIP OFF!!!!

Camera looks like I was standing in a cloud of smoke.  I loved the camera on my old phone but this one is completely useless.  I wouldn't buy another used phone ever.

Very good phone my son likes it. It wasn't scratch and was nicely kept.  Was very easy to set up on pre paid service.

when i ordered I thougth that is going to look used, but when i got it. was wrap it as new and when i open it, was perfect clean like a new i i ordered used, and since i buyed is working perfecly.

I purchased this phone for use overseas, only to learn AFTER I received it that there wasn't a GSM Chip Slot. I currently use an iPhone 4 and it does have the GSM Slot, I had no idea the newer ones or from Verizon did not.I will now have to try and sell this item and get one GSM ready.Gary

I am not satisfied with the product. The phone constantly freezes up and will not function at all for several minutes and this gets VERY ANNOYING. Sometimes when I talk on my phone people tell me they cannot hear me and it sounds like I am talking through a tunnel. I have not contacted the company to request a refund or exchange because I have been super busy.

My husband complains that when headphones are in it only works on very high volume. He has tried several different sets of headphones and it's the same thing.

No SIM card slot, if I would've know would have order it.It was nice and I wanted to keep it but I have AT&T; and thought I could change it with my SIM card but no slot.Still didn't want to return it, so I was going to give as a gift but they are all AT&T; customers.Was very nice but had to return it.

Indeed it is a very fabulous phone with details that I have to learn for months.I really like it. Shadrack

I was so sick of being picked on for having only a 16 gb iphone 4.  People would call me names like &#34;oh hey, there's the poo poo face&#34; as if i were the quiet kid in kindergarten cop.  One guy threw rocks at me and one guy shouted &#34;hey that guy gave my sister herpes!&#34;.  Since i got the 32 gb version the newly found lack of negativity is slightly less!

The phone came with a broken exterior speaker and the ear speaker is not as loud as it should be.

The worst purchase I ever made online. The phone was defected. I know the microphone was bad because it was very difficult for people to hear me during calls but the part that really pissed me off was the fact that I had the biggest trouble charging the phone due to the dock connector being smashed in. I guess the seller thought I wouldn't notice. How could they even sell a phone that doesn't work properly? That was the biggest inconvenience ever.

The iPhone's home button was not working which makes the whole phone not worth 214$ i would not recommend this to a friend

Love it and was so worth the price! I try amazon for everything for purchase now! Especially because I had no idea the gigs were worth more! Lol

I'm extremely satisfied with this purchase . It came in the box brand new and perfect! I bought another one for a friend.

While the phone was as described, it was not 'unlocked' as was touted.  It was locked to AT&T.  I had to pay to get it usable in my part of the globe.  I would buy from this seller again.

As mentioned in numerous other reviews, the trade in service for phones is a scam.  I sent my phone in with a "good" rating which is described as "shows wear from normal use" and "light scratches on the body."  My phone was exactly as described. It looked like it had been used, but was in no way, shape or form "heavily scratched."  Long story short I got $100 less on my trade-in because, as the email stated, it was "heavily scratched."  That is quite a stretch of the truth and rather insulting.  If you plan to trade a phone in, expect to get the absolute minimum amount regardless of the condition.

This is definitely not a new phone as the original posting had stated.  Sure, the phone looked new when I got it, but it only lasted me about 4 months before the battery started draining and dying at 40%.  Not to mention the super lag that came with it.  Do not buy this!  What a scam.

If I could give this product a million stars, I would. I absolutely love this phone! Not a scratch on it, and so far there are no troubles with anything. Easy to activate, and has an amazing music player. I love my iPhone so much! And for an iPhone, it's pretty cheap! THANK YOU! Buy from this seller! You will NOT regret it!

for the great price it worked and there was no damage when I received it but I already lost it never fails when I buy a apple product.

Phone works really well. I had to take to Verizon store to have activated. However I was expecting a 32gb and only received a16gb so that was disappointing.

its perfect i have no prolbems everyone should buy products off amazon they never let me down and always have the best of everything

I got my iphone earlier. It was as they had described it. I'm very happy with my iphone and the conditions were great.. Thank you!! :)

This is a grest sight.The prouduct comes fast and is in good shape.A great sight.And I love the low prices!!!!!This is a great sight and I reccomend it to everyone.

Ok delivery was very speedy 4-5 days...!! Phone was in great condition physically. The camera was damaged tho. Flash was no good! Overall, i didnt get what i ordered; which was an unlocked sim card enabled device, therfore i had to return it asap.:(

The screen went black after 2weeks of use. I have tried everything and it want come on. This is the second phone i have purchased off of here and they never work over 2weeks.

I purchased and iPhone 4 32gb  from 360Mobile Solutions received the Phone May 2, 2013 and the phone's speaker and microphone did not work and I excused it at first because I needed a phone but on May 20, 2013 the phone went black and completely stopped working. smh. I don't like the fact that 360 did not have away from me to contact them to get their help in solving this problem. I personally thank Amazon for stepping up and helping me out with a total refund. I write this in hope's the 360 Mobile Solutions step their game up to because that was UNACCEPTABLE!

We bought 3 phones from Pure Mobility in December for our three kids as Christmas gifts.  By March my son's phone was not working right, the on/off switch didn't work.  He took it to the local Apple Store to be told that it was a pre-owned phone & had been repaired before, plus, the warranty was no longer valid due to it originally being purchased over a year ago.  Now, in May, my daughter's phone does not work AT ALL!  This is only 5 months after buying it!  She took her phone to the Apple Store & was told the same thing...it was pre-owned AND repaired before we bought it, therefore, they can do nothing about it.We are very unhappy with our purchase and would not advise any one to purchase from Pure Mobility.When we contacted Pure Mobility, they told us that there was nothing they could do about it!! Can you believe that?!We feel that we just threw almost $1,000 in the trash.

Tried to activate this phone and it would not due to the fact that it was a AT & T phone. I would suggest the owner or company of this phone change the title description.

It is great althought my home button only works half the time and so i have to hit it several times to get back to my home screen from anywhere. Not good!

32 gigs is an awful lot for a guy who only sends about twenty or so emails a month and receives back less.  Phone works great, but my wife's 8 gig one is just enough

Everything is fine except the home button only works half the time. But the price was pretty low and it's otherwise fully functional.

i have insurance with my service provider and i still had to cuff up $180 for a replacement phone, no thanks.but this the day before and got it the next day, for only $120 with 4 times the memory!!!!

I had before a Samsung iii, very expensive cellphone, nice, big screen, but for some reason my wife didn't like it, so we decided to buy an iphone and give it a try.This is definitely a good product, fast response, excellent sensor on the touch screen, nice, clean... and the best of all was that we paid a reasonable price for this refurbished item, which looks like new, with minor blemished. my wife is really happy and now she just need to learn how to use it.

I had purchased an iphone 4 which was advertised as a Verizon phone. It was an AT & T phone and i had to return it

the phone is new like the description, but the front camera issue and can't use properly.thanks to Amazon and 360 mobile solutions for this withdraw.

This 32gb iphone let's me download what I want I don't have to keep seeing how much space I have left because I know I have more than enough on board and the phone is in good condition! Love it

Very good....no scratches at all. I love it but the only problem I am facing is a message popping up and say your phone can not be activated however I see the Verizon network. That's funny.

Not only was this phone everything I expected, it came earlier than projected!! This was a great buying experience and I would use this merchant again for any similar purchase.

The  phone behind is rift,and the Product Description:USB cable and a wall charger, all the original booklets and a box, I just see the USB cable,not the wall charger and others.

I was not comfortable buying this off line, but it seems to be working great so far. Only time will tell....

No voice text which I thought all Iphone 4 had :-( obviously my fault for not doing the research and making sure it had the features I wanted...

This item was exactly as advertised-in perfect condition, no scratches, and works perfectly. I intended to buy a 4S, but the 4 is great and Siri is not really necessary.

I love this phone I was super excited to get this phone, I lost my ipod touch and didn't and decided to get an iphone instead of replacing the ipod. That was one of my best decisions. I would recommend this product to any and everyone.

32 GB really made the difference for me - more music, more apps and it was in perfect condition.  Thanks Folks

My granddaughter is thrilled with the phone which she will use until the family plan is qualified for renewal and then move up to the latest iPhone available at the time!

I have been using this refurbed device every day, all day. It works perfect, and when my account is up for renewal, I will be upgrading to the 5.

I ordered mine from Amazon Warehouse as a replacement for a phone that was stolen.  I paid for 1 day shipping to get it quickly.  I got it late and then upon taking it to Verizon to hate it activated on my existing line I discovered that it in fact was NOT a Verizon phone.  I tried initiating a return with Amazon which was rejected with a message stating I had to call customer service.  How the heck am I suppose to call customer service if I don't have a phone?  Needless to say, I just sent them a nasty email.  Hopefully I will get a favorable response since this is their error and not mine.
