
It is a very good phone, the dual sim function worth it. Also it has very good reception and easy to use keyboard,

I needed a phone with dual sim capability and I have always found decent units of this type were hard to come by so, I must admit, that I was pleasantly surprised at this unit and how well it functions.  But be aware that this is not a smartphone, it is a full featured phone with dual sim capability, so if you need this type of functionality, this is a really decent phone to get.

I'm in the US and my carrier is AT&T. Worked out of the box and I was able to call/text as soon as I slid in my SIM card. The power cord was for US outlets. In order to send MMS/get online, I had to do some very easy programming, which there were numerous guides for online. Took maybe 2 minutes. The phone has a solid feel, and the buttons/keys, although small, are easy to type on with my large hands because each are raised in the center. The only complaint I have so far is that you can't (or I haven't figured out how) add multiple numbers to each contact. You basically have to just make a new contact. Not a big deal though...  FM radio is also kind of a fun/cool addition. Gets great reception.

Got this because I needed a dual sim phone so I didn't have to carry two phones around Afghanistan. Stuck two Roshan sim cards in it and they both work perfectly in tandem. The operating system has a few quirks but nothing that ticks me off enough to give this thing a bad review. The phone came very quickly and was brand new with all accessories. FM radio works pretty good, too. For the money I spent I got exactly what I wanted and couldn't be happier.

Bought this phone and it does work fine. Great for the price, I use 2 sim cards on it 1 of each phone company in Brazil. Very easy and fast to send SMS messages. Bad thing about it is that you can not sync with your computer's address book even after you install the Motorola software, this makes it a bit difficult to keep a backup of your contacts... But I recommend. In fact this is the second one I got...

The cost-benefit of this cellphone is excellent if you're looking for a dual SIM device with QWERTY keyboard. The interface is very intuitive, and despite the fact that it lacks a 3G connection or a better camera (3.0 MP is a little lower than the optimal cellphone resolution nowadays), this product is recommended for the average user.So far the battery has lasted a good ammount of time, something like 180 hours with only a few calls made or received and a lot of standby use. Also, the aforementioned dual SIM capability has been working as it should, with no "bugs" of any kind.If these are the main functionalities you're looking in a cellphone, this product is surely a 5/5!

Pros. Quality is good. switching which sim to reply is easy. battery last long.cons. every time i need to erase a letter while composing coz i made a mistake, it swictches to MMS and after i press a letter it turns back to SMS in capital. annoying. second. the whole point of the SD card is to store stuff. why the phone software don't have an option to store messages in SD card. phone or sim storage only. my phone only holds 500 sms. i have to delete. bummer.overall if you can live with its cons. it a good phone to have.

good, meets my expectations when it comes to quality, functionality and handling of the product, besides the remarkable physical conditions

Muy bien el servicio con ustedes, puntuales y eficientes muchas gracias desde venezuela muchas gracias y su gran cordialidad equipo de maravilla me encanta y les volvere a comprar muchas gracias

This phone works perfectly with both my Tmobile and Digicel sim cards. Switching between the two is very easy. Sound quality is great. However this is a no frills phone. The audio player quality is extremely good but I have not been able to play any videos. Managing playlists is difficult, you cannot add a folder into a new playlist, you need to add each song individually. The still camera is good but the video is substandard.I use prepaid accounts with no data service so I do not know how browsing works on this phone.The included power adapter has European connectors but an adapter for US outlets is included. The result is a very large, ugly adapter but it works. Slim adapters are cheap if this is a problem for you. I have to recharge the battery every two days which is acceptable.Overall this is a well made, easy to use phone for people who just want a reliable dual sim phone at an affordable price. Perfect for my needs but those who need a ton of apps should look elsewhere.

I really love this telephone. It is thin, light and beautiful. Its screen is perfect for my weary, aged eyes. I can see my messages clearly even when it's sunny outside. The little keyboard is perfect, not too big not too small. The battery lasts a very long time even though I sometimes use the radio and the camera. The dual sim system it features is really convenient. So far the best I've bought. I bought it from Amazon and, as usual, the item arrived fast and in perfect conditions.

I'm very happy with this phone.  I ordered it from Amazon while visiting in the US; I brought it back to Liberia and it functions great.I originally bought it thinking that I'd use the second sim slot for a data plan, but honestly I'm so happy having the QWERTY keyboard that I just text a lot more and don't worry about data.Sound is good (and my hearing is bad).  Battery lasts long.  The quality of the phone overall is SOOOOO much higher than the overpriced crap phones I can buy here.  So glad I got it!The only problem is that the charger is round plug and most outlets here are flat like in the US.  I bought a flat-plug charger while in the US, but it doesn't charge the phone all the way and it makes the phone beep constantly when finished.

excellent purchase, I am very happy with my article, thanks amazon, I will continue buying from this website. I'm just waiting for my final destination in city tomorrow, thanks.

Its a great phone, I just received it and its better than what I had before. I have family mobile which is powered by tmobile and works effortlessly. Just put in the sim and you are ready to go.While Javascript OS phones are out of date, this phone kinda surprised me. For a javascript interface it looks pretty modern, doesn't appear dated and appears sleek. To those that question the chocolate browness of the product, Don't. Its a tint of brown, It looks sexy in person and at night you aren't able to tell too much. Which was one of my biggest concerns, I thought it would be too saturated with color as it was in the photos but its not and that's a great thing.The phone does not have wifi. It doesn't hurt me too much, I'm on a family plan so if I wanted internet, I would buy a data plan which i can find cheap.few more negative are  that it doesn't have GPS/Navigation. And it doesn't allow you to customize text tones. You have to choose from the standard ones that they have. Memory card is "required" I put that in quotes because while its not essential to talk on the phone or receives texts, its required if you text alot, have or want different ring tones.I was about 10messages in before the phone switch the storage to MicroSD because it ran out of space. It could be the phone ran out of space or that it was preset to do that. I haven't experimented enough, but that's what I found. I prefer the storage to be SD, so I don't mind it all all.THERE IS NO PC SYNCHRONIZATION SUPPORT FROM MOTOROLA! In fact, the only thing motorola supports for this phone is its release. No drivers, No upgrades, No sync. However, there is a free program called "PC sync manager" On the motorola forums, its said to help sync contacts, but other than that, I don't know. Haven't used it. But if you are interested in syncing, Visit the motorola ex115 forums before you buy. Find out what you need. ALSO NEED TO MENTION THERE IS NO PC TO MICROUSB CABLE INCLUDED. If you are into syncing. You'll need to purchase a cable separatly. All that comes with the phone is the phone, solid headset/mic and charger, and manuals. That's it.Last but not least, The price. They had it for a sale under eighty bucks. That was a steal. However, for a phone that lacks GPS,synchronization,custom text alerts and Wifi you may want to wait til the phone dips down in price if you plan to use it for single-sim use.I am a single-sim user. Buying this phone was worth it for me because my cellphone carrier did not provide any type of qwerty phonesif you are big into text messaging, want a reliable phone, a traveler and in need of dual sim usuage, this is the phone for you. Its well worth the buy

This phone works ok for me. The selection of Line 1 o Lne 2 could be shorter by you by the menu

I was a little sceptical when I purchased this, having read hundreds of reviews for various dual sim phones.However, I was pleasantly surprised!The phone is robust and pleasant to look at, and works perfectly with two sim cards. It is possible to have both active at once, so when sending a message or making a call you are given the option of which sim to use.  Some people have complained about the fact that you cannot get a call waiting tone on one sim whilst in a call on the other sim, but to me this is minor.  The call on the other sim will go to voicemail or appear as a missed call.I have tried most of the functions on the phone and so far I have no real complaints. The camera is exactly as you would expect for 3 megapixels, and I can find nothing to complain about with regards to the FM radio, media player, sound recorder, alarm clock, calendar, omposer, phone profiles and settings etc.  I haven't tested the internet as I do not currently have a data plan.Works beautifully with my Motorola H17 bluetooth headset.A few reviewers have complained that messages are not separated by sim but I have noticed a tiny little number (in a tiny little red box - bottom left hand corner of the message icon in the message inbox) which is either a 1 or a 2 and corresponds with whichever sim card the message belongs to.For those who are not aware of this, the phone is not a smartphone so if that is what you are expecting you may find yourself disappointed.  It is not compatible with motorola PC sync although there are other partial solutions if you check the forums on the motorola site.The phone does not have WiFi connectivity, which I find a little annoying.There are a couple of things in the user manual which are not actually present in the phone.  For example the manual mentions phone lock but when you go through the phone you find that this option is not available in the menu.In summary, if you're looking for a functional, reliable, sturdy and easy to use dual sim handset from a manufacturer you can trust, then this one should do the trick.  If you're looking for a dual sim SMARTphone with all the associated bells and whistles then you may find yourself a little disappointed - but given the reviews on the few dual-sim smartphones currently available you may well find yourself even more disappointed if you spend the extra money on one of those.

This phone is good for the offered price.. Would be great if it had Wi-Fi...Pros.Good sound qualitySome equalizer in player with Bass enhancementSolid build(though plastic)Social networks' shortcuts (FB, Myspace, YouTube)Cons.Cannot receive calls from the different operators at the same time... that's huge minus for me.Battery life is about 2 max 3 daysThere is no software from Motorola to synchronize with PC.Call center is different for SIM1 and SIM2Overall, good phone for the price..

Nice Motorola cell phone, with querty keyboard, camera and excellent to connect to the internet specially when on the road or traveling. The dual Sim is great to have one that works at home and another that works overseas.

I've been using this device for a month and I'm satisfied by quality of build and more or less functionality. This phone is good for the offered price.. Would be great if it had Wi-Fi...Pros.*Good sound quality*Some equalizer in player with Bass enhancement*Solid build(though plastic)*Social networks' shortcuts (FB, Myspace, YouTube)Cons.-Cannot receive calls from the different operators at the same time... that's huge minus for me.-Battery life is about 2 max 3 days-There is no software from Motorola to synchronize with PC.-Call center is different for SIM1 and SIM2Overall, good phone for the price..

So far, this phone seems to do exactly what it says on the tin. It's a modern, high-quality, dual-sim phone that's lightweight, low-power, and easy to use. It runs a somewhat old fashioned but functional operating system, and the physical keyboard feels well-made and responsive.And that's about as far as I've been able to test, since I've been unable to attach it to a network or make a phone call due to a number of hidden gotchas. Which brings me on to...THE WARNINGS!1. This particular model is a European import, therefore it comes with a European (round-pin) power cable. You must buy a separate charger!2. This device cannot be attached to a computer by USB - the only way to transfer data to and from the device is by Micro SD card, which does NOT come included. If you don't have a spare Micro SD card lying around, consider buying one!3. (The hardest to fix) - If you were thinking of using this model to turn two phones into one, be sure that both your existing phones actually have SIM cards. I got caught out when I discovered that my existing contract comes with a SIM-LESS mobile phone. I didn't even know SIM-less phones existed before this debacle, so check before you buy!So, at the moment, this phone serves as nothing more than an expensive paperweight. This only shows that mobile phones are more rife with hidden incompatibilities and inconsistencies than you might have imagined, so read the fine print before you buy!

The cellular funtions are good but is not an international version, i bought 3 phones to this seller and all of them has the same problem, the people maybe have to check and think what are they offerring before do it

Funciona bien con las operadoras que hay en venezuela, Es sencillo de manejar: Para hacer llamadas, sms y navegar en internet. Permite enviar y recibir correos electronicos desde una o varias cuentas que le sean  configuradas. El sonido con audifonos es bueno, 2 semanas de uso y todo muy bien. puerto usb para cable, la bateria dura bastante

After using this cell for a few months, it started to fail randomly i.e. shutting down with no reason and/or hanging with no other option than removing the battery.The worst failure needed Tech Support for restarting because there was no way to turn it no. The tech support opened, cleaned it and returned with just a service-bill for about half of the cost of this product. I had no other option than paying for recovering my contacts.Within less than 1-year I decided to replace it for other more dependable option from Nokia.

I read a lot of reviews before buying this and am quite pleased with the phone.  Except for one thing.....based on what i had read i was under the impression that i could use internet on this phone without having to purchase a data plan from my provider. however, this doesnt seem to be the case....unless i'm wrong and someone can tell me how to make it work.But overall the phone seems a good deal for the money i paid, although i havent used all features yet.  Its very light, fits well in my hand, is easy to type on, voice clarity is good, battery life is good, has basic features that i use regularly (calendar, tasks, etc)-works well as an organizer.Received it on time from the seller, came in its original box in good shape with all the accesories. definitely worth the money.

Has anyone encountered this problem on their phone. I just purchased this phone and I am unable to lock it. This is a BIG problem from a security standpoint. The phone is not bad (basic) otherwise.21 January 2012Almost six months have gone by and no solution to this problem has been found.  BEWARE, if you lose your phone or it is stolen EVERYTHING on it will be accessible as it cannot be locked.  THIS IS A MAJOR SECURITY ISSUE - FORM ME ANYWAY.

I was under the impression that if we purchased an unlocked phone that was a type Verizon used, it could be activated to my account. It turns out that this is not always true.  You need to check with Verizon to make sure it can be activated without upgrading your contract. We were happy with the phone, the condition of it and the quick service from Amazon, so we are keeping the phone to use it when it can be used without upgrading our account.

I live in Europe now so I got this international phone with dual sim.  Two sims are helpful when we travel.  I can get a sim at the destination and still have my sim for home.  I have found that using a sim even in the USA is less expensive then a monthly plan so I've switched to an unlocked phone. The phone is not 3G so the internet function is slow but it does work.  The calls are clear with T-mobile in NYC, actually better then ATT.  I haven't tried Europe yet, but I'm sure it will be clear as well.  The only complaint is that it was difficult to setup the internet function on the phone and the manual is next to useless.  I still haven't figured out how the speakerphone works.  Other then that, it's light, the radio works well, the batter life is good and it's easy to text with.  The screen is clear and the sound is good.  If you need an unlocked phone and don't care much about internet function, the phone is very good for the price.  If you use the internet on your phone a great deal, buy a real 3G phone. Overall, I'd say the EX 155 is a good basic unlocked phone to use in the USA or overseas.

If your looking for a simple phone this is it. Ive had trouble getting picture messages on it but i think its because of the phone company i use. As for internet speed its very slow but it surprisingly does play youtube videos. You cannot download apps with this phone (that i know of)One thing about the dual sim is you wont get your second line as call waiting if your using the first, it'll instead show up as a missed call or voice mail, but this is dual standy which means BOTH sims are always on.Overall this is a nice phone its solid, definitely not ugly, and it has a very comfortable keyboard.

fast shipping, the phone is cool for the price and the two sim cards. i got it for my uncle and he love it

EXCELLENT PRODUCT! FACINO ME, I HOPE TO MAKE PURCHASES IN THE SAME FUTURE SHOP, RECOMMEND OTHERS TO BUY THIS TYPE OF TELEPHONE IN THIS SHOP, THANKS

Overall an excellent phone.  Very easy and straightforward to use.  No major complaints.Two minor complaints:(1) The hot keys to the left and right are preset to Messaging and Menu and you cannot change them.(2) The battery does not indicate well when it will die.  While it will last for 4-5 days with moderate use, it will thereafter die very quickly without much warning.

Great phone, real value; and timely delivery. I have owned the phone for less than 2 months. You can shut-off one SIM card if you prefer or have dual SIM operation. The instruction manual is skimpy but you'll figure things out soon enough. Only problem is that you may not have internet connectivity (I use AT&T) ... I suppose the wireless carriers want you to buy their handset.

The only disappointment with the product was the color. IT'S WHITE!! The phone lives up to my expectation except that IT'S WHITE!!! I wanted the one shown on the review page, the black one but I GOT A WHITE ONE. I'm trying to figure out a way to make it black or at least gray. Maybe Amazon needs to include in the review page the choices of color because the phone I received is what? WHITE!!

The phone works exactly as a device from this generation should be expected to work. The phone's software version and media apps are VERY outdated...however, it does take 2 SIM cards and Micro SD memory card up to 4G which is useful where I am deployed to,

Exactly as described. Easy to set up, just inserted both SIMs and away it went. Phone has a good feel to it and the QWERTY keyboard is excellent with slightly raised rounded keys. The battery doesn't last very long with both SIMs running so an alternate to the regular charger (car or usb) is a necessary addition.

This is a great phone. The dual sim works as it should.There are two drawbacks:1. When you receive a text message it does not show you the namefrom the phonebook. When you add the country prefix the text message will indicate the name but now, a phone call from that number will not indicate the name. I am still trying to figure it out.2. When texting it switches from uppercase to lowercase and I have to correct it.The phone is extremely light and I will purchase it again. Hope they can make improvements to it.

dealing with them is fast, easy and hussle free. Honestly if i have to say one word for them then i would prefer amazing

I bought this to replace my Samsung duel sim, however I am disappointed, the writings are very small and it looks like an unbranded Chinese phone. I sold it.

This is the perfect phone for international travelers.  The dual-SIM function allows you to make phone calls from different cellular services and save you from expensive international rates.  It functions very similar to a blackberry.

Model 8205, MT6235C E00, firmware version:STARLING_G_07.2C.00R_DFLEX_STARLING_11_06_033_Dbranch: 09A A8205_LAMserial: ZD1711D44547Photo shown Titanium, I get black, wrong color.If you press delete key while writing SMS, it'll switch to MMS and capital letter input, if you press delete key again, it'll switch back to SMS and capital letter input, if you press delete key again, it'll switch to MMS, and SMS, then MMS...Bluetooth is detected by car audio but no provision for PIN code entry, thus cannot connect, can't connect to simple Bluetooth handsfree earphone either.I'm still looking for original firmware from Motorola, no support.

It is a Good product, no excellent, handling can be improved but my main problem with this phone is:NO DRIVERS, NO CONNECTION TO THE COMPUTER, NO SYNCHRONIZATION OF CONTACTS IN ANY WAY,Good Phone if you need a phone with dual sim, music photos, and no more.MioArt.Org

I bought this phone for my father in may 2011 from wireless everything. The keyboard stopped working in july 2011, after only 3 months. Seller said to contact the manufacturer. The manufacturer, motorola would not fix and basically said its not there problem. I will never buy a motorola product ever again, neither would I buy from that seller. Totally waisted 100.00. talk about buyers remorse. I don't really expect cell phones to last more than one year, but 3 months?? thats ridiculous.

Es una lastima que no venga en idioma espa&ntilde;ol. Deberian colocar en su descripcion ese tipo de cosas. Ni siquiera lo he probado lo he puesto a la venta.

I must say that using it for a week, it got broken. I cant hear any sound. Fortunately I am able to use it with the loudspeaker on. Since I am using it in Brazil I ve called Motorola and they said they will not do anything because it has been bought in the USA.

This phone is an excellent phone for having two service providers. The best part is the camera and the sound clarity com pared to the c3 this phone is much better. On the down side it lacks the wifi feature but thats minor. How much can you pack in one phone. This phone sur past my expectations.

After one month using this phone the screen starts freezing... and I need to reboot every time to "use".I sent an email to seller and he told me that CAN DO NOTHING about..SO.. DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE....This was the answer for SELLER:"I am so sorry to hear you have had a problem with your order. Unfortunately our return policy is for 7 days from the receipt of your package and our records do show your item is no longer covered under the return period. Regretfully, we are not able to further assist you with this matter. I apologize for the inconvenience this might have caused you."REMEMBER..************Do not buy nothing from Best N Price************Do not buy nothing from Best N Price

I bought this cellphone while in the US to be able to receive calls from both my US and European SIM cards.It served quite well during the 4 months I needed it, but the general quality was mediocre. In particular, the sound quality was quite bad and the volume too low, which in some cases made conversations difficult to understand for a non-native English speaker like me. Sometimes I even heard myself through the speakerphone. The camera is close to useless. You can't really use Internet on it, as it has neither 3G capabilities, nor decent browsing software or other apps. Although it was a minor issue for me, I agree with other commenters that the usability of this phone is really poor. Everything requires a lot of actions and confirmations with options that change sides at every step (e.g., "send" is on the left, and in the confirmation, "cancel" is on the left and "ok" is on the right, etc).However, I was only interested in the dual-SIM feature, so it was okay for me. My disappointment came when a few months afterwards the vibrator stopped working. Shortly after, I couldn't listen anything when people were calling in some cases, so I had to call again. Now that's the rule rather than the exception, so I'm buying a new cellphone today. I've made sure that the problem is not related to my SIM card or my company: it works perfectly on other cellphones.That's why I decided to write the review. Just to advice you that the dual-SIM feature is cool and worked ok... while the cellphone worked fine. But overall the quality of this phone is very poor, and it probably won't last long to you either. The saddest fact is that I barely used it. Maybe I texted once a day, and made or received three or four calls a week.Had I know that the quality was so bad (especially sound) and that the phone was not gonna last long, I would have simply bought a second cheap cellphone for my US SIM card.

Motorola EX115 Unlocked Dual Sim, Full QWERTY, 3 MP Camera, FM Radio, Micro SD Slot, International Version - Unlocked Phone - No US Warranty - Black99,95

buenos dias, me complace comunicarme con ustedes, este a&ntilde;o he hecho varias compras y estoy satisfecha, a ecepcion de un telefono LG Incite 810, que me llego con Sofwere en ingles, no lo he podido utilizar, para venideras compras de telefonos, por favor enviarlos con el sofware en castellano, doy por perdido el mio,graciasGLORIA BECERRA

I love this phone, aside from the strange issue with data that this particular device (maybe it's just mine?) apparently has. When I used it in Brazil, I thought it was due to my carrier or plan, but even here in the U.S. with a data plan through at&t;, I still can't even receive a photo?Aside from that, I love the keypad because I text quite a bit, don't want autocorrect,  or to have to choose only 1 language (like BlackBerry), and shy away from touch screens since I'm such a klutz. That said, invest in a rubber case, and it will bounce its way through a few years. :)I also love how lightweight it is, and that it has the option to use it in a radio capacity. I only did that a few times, though, since it would run down my battery quickly.I've had it for about 4 years, and it's only now starting to randomly turn off. I hope I can find one that's as dependable as this one has been. It's a good basic phone.

nice little phone - works well - I use this phone in UK and USA.light and functional - unlocked dual SIM very useful - I would recommend to friends.

I needed this for T-Mobile SIM chips.  Never had a single problem.  Coming from an Android phone, I am used to a better contact section, but if you don't mind the old fashioned style of contacts, you will be OK.There are a couple of peculiarities, such as there are no "standard" ringtones, just MIDI's for incoming calls.  Plenty of tones for messages, but if you want to have a 'ring' you are going to have to load an MP3 and use that.  I also am a bit disappointed that I have to choose a SIM to make an outgoing call, and I can't find a way to designate one chip as "default".  The only down side is that you find your contact, hit the dial button, and THEN have to pick a SIM.  There may be a way to choose one as default, but I have not found it yet.Syncing with your pc to do this is a breeze as the phone shows up as a storage device.Only the contact list, no "default SIM" and the lack of ringtones keep this from getting 5 stars, but it is a solid 4!

Motorola EX115 Unlocked Dual Sim, Full QWERTY, 3 MP Camera, FM Radio, Micro SD Slot, International Version - Unlocked Phone - No US Warranty - BlackI liked it very much. mobile quality is high. camera takes good pictures

I bought this phone about a week ago as a replacement phone for its international ability and dual sim card. When the phone arrived, I used it 3 days before I could not stand it any longer. It was not as simple to use as anticipated and the manual offered little help. I couldn't set up speed dial. When you are texting someone, instead of the messages listed in chronological conversation form, they were in the "inbox" and "sent messages" folder. You had to go back and forth to view a conversation. The one time I actually called someone was when I decided I needed to send it back. I could hear the other person ok, but when I spoke, I could hear myself really loud in the ear piece with a half second delay. It had a few other little quirks but those were the biggest. On the plus side, texting on keys was pretty easy.

Tel&eacute;fono de doble linea que funciona muy bien con las operadora de movilnet y Movistar llego en perfecto estado y hasta ahorita funciona muy bien, recomiendo 100 % al vendedor muchas gracias

I am enjoying using this phone because instead of walking with two phones or the other dual Sims phones that don't work properly I walk with this one and it works good and it is by Motorola.

Tremendo celular por el precio pagado, aunque le faltan algunas cosas simples tales como marcaci&oacute;n por voz, opci&oacute;n para agregar grupos de contactos, teclado predictivo,  flash y zoom en la camara, bloqueo del tel&eacute;fono. Tambien hubiera preferido pagar un poco mas y tener la opci&oacute;n de WiFi.En general funciona todo muy bien, un poquito de dificultad en la programaci&oacute;n del internet y correo, pero eso no es culpa del tel&eacute;fono sino de la poca informaci&oacute;n de las operadoras de especificar exactamente las variaciones de par&aacute;metros seg&uacute;n diferentes modelos de tel&eacute;fonos, pero me ayud&oacute; el hecho de haber tenido un movil chino y los menus son casi id&eacute;nticos en su estructura.Buen sonido, volumen un poco bajo con aud&iacute;fonos, pero claro

Great product!  Just received it and I love it! A solution to my problems as I travel alot and often need to have 2 phones, but now I dont need to.  Only wish it was a smart phone and had applications like WhatsApp or MSN:(...........but am very happy!

SE PUEDE MEJORAR MUCHAS COSAS, NO ES TAN ESPECIAL POR SER DUAL SIM COMPARADO CON LOS CHINOS, INCLUZO ME ATREVO A DECIR QUE LOS OTROS SON MEJORES QUE ESTE, PERO ESTA BIEN HECHO EL CELULAR

Ok...didn't think I'd ever get one that functions much-less one that's a brand name! Motorolla! I am pleased with the quality of the phone and it's overall functionality. Though somewhat limited when compared to single SIM phones that border on Smart Phone capabilities. It lacks some bells and whistles but none that you really can't do without, if you're a person who's okay with traditional cell phone features. It logs calls made to and from each SIM separately. Although it notifies you as to which SIM (network) a text message is received from, it does not separate text messages per SIM in it's log as it does for calls. The phone book is central, but with each call or text made out, you are prompted to choose which SIM to use to complete the action. You have the option of using one SIM only if two are installed, or have both of them active. Because it is a Dual-SIM stand-by type phone; when a call is engaged on one SIM(1) and another call so happens to come in at the same time on the other SIM(2), that call [on SIM(2)] will go to voice mail (if you have voice mail service i.e.). However, if a call comes in on the SIM that is currently engaged, you will receive the call waiting tone (if you have call waiting service i.e.). It has a basic media player, bluetooth, WAP, a few social networks preloaded (FB, YouTube, etc), calender, reminders, alarms, profiles (where you can set a different general ring tone for each SIM  and /or/ each contact. It's pretty cool and VERY light!!

El tel&eacute;fono es lo que yo esperaba lo &uacute;nico malo es que no vino en idioma espa&ntilde;ol, pens&eacute; que como era versi&oacute;n internacional tenia todos los idiomas configurados,y aqui en venezuela funciona los dos lineas satisfactoriamente, la relaci&oacute;n de precio y calidad es buena. Lo unico malo es teclado que se borra las letras.

As far as the product in if I do not have observation some because I consider that Motorola is Motorola and is quality, but the salesman of this article would have to warn the buyer that the equipment comes formed with some languages of factory which they cannot later be altered, which was confirmed by my with the people of Motorola. My brother bought two equipment of these and came with several languages besides the English with other western languages, among them the Spanish who was the one that my interested, however I I bought two equipment of equal mark and model, and besides the English he brought three Asian languages that I do not dominate, interested the Spanish language to me, in addition the Asian languages are not common in the West and it reduces value to him when it needs to resell it, so I feel defrauded and never it would buy any other product to him to this salesman.En cuanto al producto en si no tengo observaci&oacute;n alguna porque considero que Motorola es Motorola y es calidad, pero el vendedor de este art&iacute;culo deber&iacute;a advertir al comprador que el equipo viene configurado con algunos idiomas de f&aacute;brica que no pueden ser alteradas posteriormente, lo cual fue confirmado por mi con la gente de Motorola. Mi hermano compr&oacute; dos equipos de &eacute;stos y vino con varios idiomas adem&aacute;s del ingl&eacute;s con otros idiomas occidentales, entre ellos el espa&ntilde;ol que era el que mi interesaba, en cambio yo compr&eacute; dos equipos de igual marca y modelo, y adem&aacute;s del ingl&eacute;s trajo tres idiomas asi&aacute;ticos que no domino, me interesaba el idioma espa&ntilde;ol, adem&aacute;s los idiomas asi&aacute;ticos no son comunes en occidente y le resta valor cuando necesite revenderlo, as&iacute; que me siento defraudado y jam&aacute;s le comprar&iacute;a cualquier otro producto a este vendedor.

this was just a temp. phone to begin with but I hate the MSM on this phone. The pic messages is not a full pic it is a small version of the pic you take and it is annoying but other than that it does what it is suppose to do

Motorola is and will remain an excellent brand of cell phones. This model is comfortable, easy to use and very resistant. The dual sim card is absolutely extraordinary.

very good product the quality is excelent it is today almost new and I bougth it more than a year ago

It's a great telephone... I have two numbers... it's great! it's great! it's great! it's great! it's great! it's great!

This phone is perfect for SMS texting with the full QWERTY keyboard provided.  Battery life is excellent.  DUAL SIM is a great feature when visiting multiple countries.  Screen is too small however for internet browsing.

The phone will only do the basic call and text. The certificates or something on the phone are odd/ messed up and won't let me sent picture messages and will not let me access the internet. no internet, no games, no picture messages, no downloads. but the media player works and it does work in most overseas locations. I've been in portugal for the past year and it still works with europe's different frequency band, including Germany as well.

Got the phone very fast. It came with absolutely everything, brand new! I started using it yesterday and it seems to be an excellent phone. Incredible capacity to handle two sim-cards, perfect for travellers. Excellent camera, has downloadable content and access to social networks, however lacks WLAN internet connection. Very ease to text with, and it comes in a nice color, looks amazingly elegant.

I have had this phone for about a month now. People don't actually believe I bought it for this price, and in terms of status, I stand shoulder to shoulder with blackberry owners :D.Overall, the dual sim works perfectly,not worried about any extra features not included in the phone.. not much of a gadget guy anyway!!!Has fallen about 3 times and still working perfectly.. only a small peel-off the coating.Overall, happy with the purchase

The two sims work perfectly, the software handles them with accuracy, all the effort from Morotola put into the operation of the dual sim, when calling before placing the call the phone ask which sim to use, also when texting, before sending the message, the phone ask which sim to use.The Caller ID just doesn't work, few times shows the names that are on the phone (incoming calls), most of the time just shows the numbers, so if you have 150 phone numbers on your phonebook it will be a nightmare to remember, the incoming text messages just show the phone number, no ID on any incoming text messages of any of SIM1, even after following Motorola instructions to delete all info on SIM2, caller ID on texting is not working.  This is a big problem, not to have Caller ID.The software itself is very limited.  For Personalized Ring Tones just handle 4, no more than that.

En verdad este es un exclente producto de Motorola.Trabaja de manera segura con 2 sim, toma fotos de muy buena calidady su bateria dura mucho mas tiempo que los demas celulares .-Lo recomiendo

I love the phone...tried a few china Dual Sim phones and none were this nice...especially with the price.  This phone sells for $220 here in Nicaragua at the local places, so it is a good price too.  Obviously getting it here wasn't easy as UPS or something.Here are the Cons I have:1.  the buttons for outgoing calls for SIM 1 and SIM 2 are not seperate, so calling takes an extra button push.2.  For some reason the Caller ID only works for calls...in recieving text messages the phone doesn't recognize the contact because the area code is added.  If I add area code to the contact, the contact is not recognized on incoming calls.  frustrating.3.  Text Message issue.  For some reason in composing text messages every time I hit backspace the phone beeps loud and displays it is switching to MMS mode.  Then when I type again it beeps and displays it is switching back.  So annoying!I would really appreciate any feedback to help me with these issues.  Obviously #1 won't have a solution.Seller was excellent and the phone came in perfect timing.

I bought this phone to use it in Argentina. Worked fine so far (as a plain phone), but lacks minor software customization.It has no Spanish menus or alphabet support. Does not work very well via BLUETOOTH with my Garmin 760.Very poor printed manual, and some menu functions are almost a mistery !!!I surf the web for more info and found nothing at all.There's an icon in my display I have no idea what it means and how did it get there ?!?!?!... hope it's not a self destruction warning...!!!Battery durations is acceptable (almost three days between charges) and very lightweight.No software interfase at all, so you can't manage phonebook through the PC. A real pitty.

this is a great telephon, the case is soft and durable, easy texting, the battery y very durable. I recomend it

The item I received seems to be working perfectly, although my 2 sims do not work here in the US and therefore I was not able to use both european providers.

Got 5 of theis phones in total only had one that does not ring only vibrate, the other the ring tone seems not to change although i have tried changing all the settings.

Overall I'm happy with this phone, it does everything i need it to. I really was not looking for anything fancy just something to replace my old phone which broke. It works great with AT&T and the sound quality is perfect. Nothing to complain about with this phone, it was a good deal.

I purchased this phone online and received it promptly the next day.  It is really cute and is easy to use. i love the dual sim feature and it has all the features i was looking for, MP4 player, FM radio, Bluetooth, SD Memory, Qwerty keyboard, camera and video. But it doesnt play MP4 only MP3. :(I am not pleased though that it comes with no games and i did not get a data cable or software to download and transfer data.  My charger came without the prongs to plug in to the socket, so now i have to go buy the piece for that.It is very lightweight and easy to use. i love the colour of it too. All i need to do now is see if i can purchase a skin and/or case for it.FOr the most part its neat and user friendly. Well i love Motorola so i guess it would be.

good morning, to make this purchase and receive the product in its box motorola ex 115 , check all accessories in it, I realized that was not the headphones that bring the phone to listen to the radio and in turn serves as a hands-free (ie to talk) please provide them as soon as possible to the address you sent me the product. thanksatt,Oscar Perdomo

Nothing fancy, but a great dual sim mobile phone at a very reasonable price (paid $93 on Amazon). The dual sim feature works great, you can make/take calls and send/receive text messages from both sims without restarting your phone or any other trouble. Quite handy if you travel internationally.One quirk (which i am still trying to figure out) is that the phone switches to MMS mode when you delete text while writing text messages - it's a bit annoying but maybe i just need to read the manual to figure out how to switch it off completely.Everything else works fine, phone has good reception, sound, basic features, but this is not a smart phone.

This is a very good basic phone, good quality FM radio, nice sound and nice features. Only downside is that it has no RDS on FM, despite the statement that it has. It certainly would be a nice feature, but not that important.I would recommend it to anyone looking for a basic dual sim quality phone.

I bought this cell phone due to I am a frequent traveler and I need to have my local home SIM plus the country SIM in which I am. It is not a fancy smart phone just a cell phone for receiving/calling and testing that's all. If you are looking for a smart phone with dual SIM capability forget it.Have good reception, easy to use, light, excellent battery life I am very pleased with what I bought.

A very nice and functional handset that supports two SIM cards, which is a must for travelers, especially if you go to Europe. I was worried about small screen and miniature keys but it turned out good even for my aging eyes and not-so-small fingers. It is not a "smart" phone, its purpose is not to compete with android and apple, but it performs its main function--making phone calls--really well. And sending text messages with full keyboard is a breeze...

Primera ves que veo un tel&eacute;fono con doble chip me pariese excelente muy funcional bonito color y una pantalla clara y de buen color
