
Thought would change from my 9 years with T-Mobile/Blackberry to most touted Verizon for reportedly better coverage. Returning phones, cancelling Verizon, and switching back to TMO, after spending countless hours on this project ... aarrgghh. Blackberry = clear as bell; Charge = crackly, robotic, hard to understand people. Made calls side by side, zero comparison, nodda. Went to Verizon store to check out the (huge) Thunderbolt call quality and, while it seemed at least a slight improvement (on the one call I was on), it was still that same, tinny/robotic sound. Made call on Blackberry again standing right there in store, clear as a bell.Pros:*  Size and weight not bad compared to Thunderbolt, but the G2X and upcoming Sensation (TMO) are smaller and lighter still*  Beautiful screen*  Amazon Wireless customer serviceCons:*  Call quality bites the big one*  Can't select all emails and delete, must delete one at a time, a real pain since I do 'most' of my emails on my desktop. Probably an Android thing not isolated to this phone, but it's a con wherever it's coming from.*  Dropped calls - just sitting still (no tower change), middle of conversation, "bloop" - gonner. In the short week I used mine, did that probably once a day, and always on those calls I didn't want it to happen on, you know, the ones you had to hold for 20 minutes to get the person in the first place? Those!

I recently purchased Samsung Charge from amazon wireless.  The local verizon store tried to scare me from making my purchase through amazon.  They said the warranty was different and no one would get my contacts into my new phone.  After checking a bit further on the phone, verizon does in fact back up the manufacturer warranty for 1 year.  So first 30 days the issue is handled by amazon, and the other 11 months it is handled by verizon.  Saving contacts and loading them into the new phone was easy.  Activation the device was very easy.I am learning the new device and like it so far.  One thing I find difficult is if you are outside in the sunlight is is hard to see the screen.The data plan requirements is not so easy to figure out.  The phone is promoted as having the capability to download TV shows and movies, etc. but a 2 hours movie is about 2 GB of storage and if you have a 2GB data plan from Verizon it is shot with one movie.  So that part isn't clear BEFORE you buy the device.  You have to be committed to spending a boatload on the data plan from verizon to be able to download movies.  This part is a real bummer and wish I knew it before I purchased the phone.

I love almost everything about this phone except the battery life. It is awful. Don't know what everybody is raving about regarding battery life. I do very little with it, turn off most syncing and apps and still need to switch batteries (to replace depleted one with charged one) least once a day. The desk dock is a really good accessory.6 months later and the battery life is still awful. Phone also will lock up when trying to key in a voicemail pin

After this phone I'm done with both Samsung and Verizon.  The battery life has always been terrible, the updates (the few that I got) were slow, and the phone came loaded with both Verizon and Samsung bloat ware.For my next phone I'll be looking to get one straight from Google or perhaps switch over to Apple.  At least with them you know the phone will be updated and they don't allow carriers to load the phones down with useless apps.

Most of the features are impressive.  Two most important features that i was looking forBattery Life:  Well, by now I'm sure everyone heard the horror stories abt TBolt's battery.  This one was supposed to be better and that was one of the main reasons why i chose this over TB.  While its better than TB, I'm not impressed with the battery life on this, but i guess with 4G, there are no other phones that has a decent battery life.  I'm told 4G is what consumes the battery so much.4G: This is why switched from AT&T; to VZ.  So far the service has been spotty.  4G would be on and after i start browsing, it would switch to 3G within minutes and would never get back to 4G unless i do a reboot.  Apparently, this is a known issue and they (VZ and Samsung) are working on a solution.  Very disappointing.Looking at other reviews, i'm wondering if this is a location issue.  However, my friend sitting next to me has solid 4G all day on his TBolt and the area i'm trying to use the phone is supposed to have good 4G coverage.

I've had my Droid Charge for a week now, having upgraded form an iPhone.  My feelings are mixed.Pros:- Beautiful display... very bright and clear.- Nice design... not too heavy, and doesn't 'feel' too big, even though the screen is nicely spacious.- 4G is AMAZING, when you can get the signal (see below).  When I get a 4G signal, I regularly getbetter download speeds than my home wired internet (AT&T; U-Verse).Cons:- Battery is *significantly worse* than I expected.  I get ~8-10 hours of moderate (not frequent) usebefore I'm around 25%.  It's better than my co-worker's Thunderbolt, but not by much.  Certainlynot the ~2 days I read in some other reviews.- Data reception appears to be *significantly* worse than Thunderbolt (in side-by-side comparison).My Droid Charge frequently loses data signal and/or switches 4G &lt;=> 3G &lt;=> 1G, in situations whereThunderbolt reports steady 4G reception.All in all, I think I prefer it to the Thunderbolt, but mainly because of the slightly better battery life.But at the time I ordered mine, it and the Thunderbolt were the only 4G options.

the Samsung Charge is aptly named, because it needs a charge all the time.i use the phone both for business and recreation.i bought the phone for all the bells and whistles, particularly the 4G hotspot, and ability to view Netflix.the bells and whistles on the phone are decent, but the phone does not fulfill its capabilities well because it's power hungry and if you are not plugged in you get little life out of the phone.for Netflix, 30-45 minutes from a full charge.for GPS, 1-hour tops from a full charge.for ordinary usage, email, phone calls, it has never lasted past late afternoon. admittedly, i have a busy worklife, i'm on the phone a lot, i email alot, i like to read the news on the phone, and i expect my phone to last a full working day, or at least 8-hours. this has never happened.i travel with a charger and i've bought a spare battery.the phone is good for what it can do, but it is a reach too far for its own capacity. a better battery would've made the phone functional.instead, it is too often a doorstop and i have begun to look for other options.

got and used the phone for 3 days, here's a quick summary...pro- good screen display- good reception, compares to 3G phones- 4G is fastcon- processor speed is average- buttons layout is designed for people with big hands- BATTERY & BATTERY. I don't know where were those "good battery" coming from, and I suspect they were the hired guns since I saw the exactly same reviews on other sites. Here's my experiences with Charge for the past  daysDay 1Downloaded apps, surf web for 2 hours, NO phone callsbattery life: 4 hoursDay 2Surfed web for 30 min, 5 text messages, NO phone callsbattery life: 5 hoursDay 3NO internet, NO phone calls....NOTHING...battery life: 6 hoursDay 4just hung up with Verizon and canceled my service. I am going to use my crappy phone until iPhone 5 comes out.Be aware of those good reviews. It's sad, but I think many of them are bogus.....

The phone is generally well made. I especially like the powerful Mobile Hotspot which saved my life in the days after Hurricane Irene when we lost power. We were able to watch movies on Netflix through Roku by using Mobile Hotspot. But battery life is a big problem. A fully charged battery lasts only about 30 minutes of talk and no more than 30 minutes of email and browsing before the low battery beeps start. This despite I set the display on auto energy save and the screen goes dark in 30 seconds. I have bought several chargers for different room in my house and different cars, because the battery drains just too fast. I don't think any smart phone should be pushed out onto the market before the maker has figured out how to allow a normal user use the equipment for a full day without having to charge it.

I purchased the Droid Charge the second day it was available for sale and so far I have been very impressed with the phone.  First and foremost, the display is beautiful.  Super AMOLED+ delivers vibrant and deep colors and is very easy to read outdoors.  The camera is fantastic.  For anyone who plans to take a lot of pictures, this phone should be given serious consideration.  It has a 8 megapixel camera and 1.3 megapixel front facing camera.  There are a ton of features such as auto-focus, zooming, panorama shots, smile detection, and touch to focus.The phone and call quality is very good.  For a big phone, it feels surprisingly light in the hands. LTE is FAST!!!There are a few negatives.  It is expensive!  Also, despite all of the positive reviews on battery life, I have not found it to be that great.  I can make it through about 6-7 hours with moderate usage.  I bought the charging dock, which comes with a spare battery, and I am glad I have it (the spare battery) available.  I have had to swap it almost every day!  The phone does not have a lot of memory compared to some of the other phones available.  I use it mainly for work, so it is not a problem, but it can definitely be laggy at times.  If I go from an app to the home screen, I sometimes have to wait about 5-10 seconds before the icons refresh on the screen.  I also think the lack of memory makes for a less than enjoyable Flash experience.  This leads to my biggest question/concern about the phone: what will video calling be like on it?  Hopefully, we will find out soon when Verizon releases Skype with video chat or Samsung updates the phones to Gingerbread (so we can use Google video chat) or both.  I would also imagine that hardcore gamers would not like this phone, but as I do not play a lot of video games, so I will leave this subject for someone else to write about.UPDATE 6/5: After using the phone for about 3 weeks now, I am happy to say I am still very pleased with the quality of the phone.  I have adjusted screen brightness down to about 20%, which is still plenty bright indoors, and that helps with battery life quite a bit.  That said, if you border on moderate to heavy of the phone, carrying a spare battery is definitely recommended.  I have also switched to a custom launcher (Go Launcher EX), which is much better and faster than TouchWiz.Overall, it has been a great experience using this phone.  I was hoping to hold out getting a new phone until the Droid Bionic came out, but after playing with the phone at the Verizon Wireless store, I felt pretty comfortable going with it.  If you need a new phone and want LTE now, go for it.  I have no regrets buying it!

I purchased the Droid Charge about 5 days ago, but I have only been able to really use it in the past 2 due to going on a camping trip over the weekend and being left most of the time with a dead phone. This happened because of weak car charging capabilities (I will get to this later). Also, upon getting the phone, I flashed it's software to the voodoo based kernel which is supposed to give it a faster and more efficient file system in addition to rooting the phone and providing superuser access. Based on these factors, I will give you my first impressions of this phone.Pros:- The massive 4.3 inch SuperAMOLED display on this phone is BEAUTIFUL! I cannot stress this enough! It blows away the screen on any other non Samsung mobile device on the market. The text is crisp, and the colors are amazingly vibrant. Even in the sunlight, this display is still very easy to see. This, and the sheer size of the screen makes most anything you view on it easily readable.- Battery life (After being fully charged) is extremely good for a phone in the high end segment. On the first day, with regular usage, I wound up having 50% battery left. The next day, after gaming a bit as well as downloading lots of apps and HD video to test, I still had 35% battery by the end of the day. Techies explain this increased battery life from other 4g smartphones as being a result of Samsung's SuperAMOLED display's lower power consumption and other software updates. I can only see battery life being a problem if you are constantly using the phone for something that will tax it's resources and thus require more power (such as high end gaming or constantly switching from a 4g to 3g area)  As a comparison, I only had slightly better battery life on my original droid, so I am quite content to have a much faster, high end phone that does not have to be constantly charged. And an additional FYI - I turn Bluetooth, GPS, Wi-Fi and data off when I am not using them. This I am certain helps my battery life and I advise that you do the same to conserve yours.- Call quality is great on this phone. Even after being in a remote area with one bar of service, I had full use of my web browser (with 3g coverage) and crystal clear reception with no dropped calls.- The keyboard on this screen is a huge improvement to my original android phone. I rarely, if ever, make typing mistakes like I had in the past on the touch screen. I attribute this improvement to the large 4.3 inch real estate and probably some software updates to improve touch responsiveness. Speaking of the keyboard, I enjoyed the new option of using "swype" to input text. This is an option found one some of the recent android based phones. It allows you to swipe the keys with your finger to improve the speed of texting and typing in general. In my limited experience with this feature, I found it to be easy to learn and I feel that once I improve I will be much quicker at sending messages than I ever was using conventional texting methods.- I thought the 8 MP camera on this phone was very detailed and produced a great image, but I am not big into photography so I so not know how it compares to a professional camera. I feel that the one included in this handset is MORE than sufficient for a camera in a smartphone and is one of the best that I have personally seen. Again, this is coming from someone upgrading from a 5 MP phone.- Speaking of cameras, it comes with a 1.3 MP front facing camera designed for taking self pictures and video chat although I haven't utilized this camera or it's associated features as of yet.- This phone comes with a whopping 32 GB MicroSD card preinstalled - nuff said?- Includes an HDMI out (I have not tested this yet)Neutral:- General responsiveness of the phone was great, but keep in mind that I flashed to a peppier "Voodoo" kernel with the improved EXT4 file system. I heard, and saw some videos, which voiced the complains of the slight sluggishness while changing menus and launching some applications with the native RTS file system that comes bundled with the Droid Charge. If you are a techie, you can resolve this lag issue like I did - by modifying the kernel. Keep in mind that by doing this, you will void your warranty if you send the phone back to Samsung or Verizon and they are able to notice the kernel modification. The responsiveness of this phone may also be hindered by having a few applications open due to the lesser amount of RAM that this handset has. This can be remedied by closing apps with the Charge's own task manager application or by installing a variant of "Advanced Task Killer", but keep in mind that you will notice some slowdowns after having a few applications open compared to if you had double the RAM on some of 1 GB phones in this class. This is definitely not a "deal breaker" or something extremely annoying (At least not at this point in the game) but it may become a problem down the road as applications gobble up more and more memory and you are still 1 year into your contract.- I felt that the UI of the Charge was intuitive but only brought a few extra features to the table that don't currently exist on other Android handsets. I liked the fact that you can uninstall programs straight from the applications menu. I also liked that you can access all of the "battery drainer" functions of the phone (Bluetooth, Wi-FI, GPS, Data Services) straight from the notifications curtain which provides an easy way to save battery life without having to put a widget on the desktop. What I did not like was that the phone came with many useless bundled apps which are not easy to remove for the standard user. Also, the icons looked a bit "IPhoneish" for my tastes, but that is a matter of personal preference. Again, keep in mind that my comments on the UI may not be applicable to everything on the stock Charge since I flashed the kernel.- The phone is lightweight (Much lighter than the original Android) and despite other reviews complaints of the feel being "cheap" because of the plastic backing, I did not get this same feeling. I suppose having a phone encased in metal would give it a more "upscale" appearance and feel, but this is a really minor detail. I suppose this matters to some people, so I rated the physical design as neutral. Still, you are really nitpicking at this point if you are making a commotion out of it.- The 4g service is EXTREMELY fast on this phone - when it is working. Web pages load almost instantaneously and most apps download in seconds. A 100 MB HD sample I downloaded took well under a minute for me to receive. Unfortunately, I have seen the network bug out and cut service multiple times which required me to either turn on Wi-fi or disable and re-enable the data service on the device to remedy. This will soon change into a positive when Verizon works out the kinks and builds upon their 4g network. As a side-note, 4G and 3G data costs are the same price as this writing, but it is unknown how future pricing will work and it is unknown if current 4G cell phone customers will be "grandfathered" into any future pricing plans. Keep in mind that you may have to pay more for 4G service down the road.- You can use this device as a Wi-Fi access point for up to 10 Wi-fi devices (and it is free until the beginning of July 2011). I briefly tested it and it was fast, worked very well and was easy to configure, but it will cause extreme drain on your battery if it is not plugged into a wall outlet. Verizon will definitely be charging for this service in the future.- The phone charges pretty quick through a wall charger, but I found it to be very slow charging on the car charger - even after being plugged into a "quick charge" port. While using the Androids Navigation GPS service, and driving an hour, I found that the battery was at exactly the same level from when I plugged it in. Even after turning the handset off, and charging it for the hour drive back, I barely had 1/6 of a battery when I got home. Don't expect the car charger to be a viable way of charging your phone except on VERY long drives. Generally, it will only be useful for keeping your battery life at the same level when you need to use it on the go and while traveling.- Although it sounds crisp and clear, the default speaker volume is not very loud even when maxed out (despite the warning it gives you that you may damage your hearing when you turn it up most of the way). I am sure that this can be remedied with different apps, but do not expect this phone be loud for media out of the box. On the contrary, the ringer, alert and speaker volume can be set to be relatively loud.Negatives- Hardware: This phone includes a single core 1 GHZ Hummingbird processor with 512 MB RAM (328 MB user useable). While this is not necessarily a huge problem right now, it very well may be a year into contract when gamers yearning to play graphics intensive games want to use them on this phones beautiful SuperAMOLED screen. The only problem is that they will be using hardware from phones produced in 2010. I tried some of the more taxing games, and did notice sluggishness in some of them (Specifically the more intensive Gameloft HD series games like Extract 5, Assassins Creed - Altair and GT Racing HD). I feel that for the $200 price tag, there should have been at least 768 MB of dedicated ram and a Dual Core processor under the hood, not hardware that the year old Droid X features. As a side-note, I noticed MAJOR stuttering when playing 720P and 1080P videos, but I suspect that this may be a software issue that can be resolved down the road.- There is no LED indicator on the phone, so you need to go through the phones interface to check battery life and other miscellaneous notifications like having a new voice mail or missed call.- This phone gets pretty hot, even under moderate usage.Final ThoughtsIf you are not a big gamer, this device is wonderful especially considering it's gigantic 4.3 inch display and vibrant colors. Also, the call quality and ample storage for media mongols is welcome. The 3G service is great and the 4G service is even better on this device - it is more than enough for even those that are constantly browsing the internet. It's camera is one of the best used in phones within the high end segment. If your purpose for this phone is utilizing it's multimedia capabilities (Video, music, photos and web browsing) you will certainly not be disappointed.On the other hand, if you are a gamer, you may not be satisfied with the hardware under the hood. There is currently some sluggishness while using high end games produced today, and this will certainly get worse as you get further into your contract. If you are one who primarily uses the device for gaming, you may be best advised to wait for the Droid Bionic or the Samsung Function. The Droid Bionic should be out by July 2011 and will feature 768 MB memory and a dual core processor with 4G capabilities, but you will lose the beautiful SuperAMOLED presently on Samsung model equipment. If you have even more time to wait, the Galaxy S2 equivalent for Verizon will arrive as the Samsung Function and will have a dual 1.2 GHZ processor with a beefy 1 GB ram and feature Samsung's popular display. Unfortunately, it is unknown when this device will launch, and it is unknown whether it will be in 4G.Alternatively, the Droid X2 is a great gaming phone which is currently out and can be found for $120 on Amazon, but you will again lose the vibrant display and 4G capabilities.Happy hunting!

Updates / Further Notes About Battery Life after about a month of the original review:I see a lot of people complaining about the Droid's battery. So, I thought I share my experience in how I get GREAT battery life from the Droid Charge every single day:Simple Habits That I Develop:- I leave it in 3G mode (CDMA) most of the time. It's more than fine for most web browsing. I only switch to 4G if I am downloading a big file,  or streaming video from YouTube, etc.  (BTW, in many cases, Verizon 3G is faster than my old HTC EVO on Sprint 4G!)- Avoid using Skype!!! If I have Skype signed in, the battery is drained in 3-4 hours!- Install the "Program Monitor" widget on home screen. It is VERY useful because it tells you how many active apps are running in the background. I always keep an eye on it to make sure I did not leave any power sucking apps running that I forgot to close.- If you use GPS Navigation, remember to fully exit the app and/or turn-off the GPS when done.- Turn-off WiFi if you are not using it.  (I often forget to this.)The above is really just common sense.  I have NOT installed any "power trick" programs, such as JuiceDefender (I tried and uninstalled it).  I leave GPS on most of the time.  I am completely "stock" in terms of settings. I have 2 GMail and 1 Hotmail ActiveSync accounts and I let them sync using default settings.  I have DoubleTwist which occasionally sync using WiFi.  In other words, I don't really pay any special attention to saving power.  And I STILL get at least 15 hours out of it most days.  I typically starts at 8am, average about 30-60 minutes talk time in a day, and spend about 2 hours web browsing, playing games, reading news, email, etc. When I get home around 9pm, I normally still have at least 30% battery left if not more. I have the occasional car trips where I would use Google Navigation, and for short trips (less than 30 minutes) I don't even bother to plug the phone in anymore.The same usage pattern on my HTC EVO would normally means needing to recharge by 2pm.________Original Review Below___________First of all, I want to say that Amazon is great.  Shipping was fast. When I ordered the phone, the $199 price was $50 cheaper than even Verizon. They then dropped the price further to $149 a couple of days after I ordered. One pleasant phone call to Amazon, and they gave me a $50 refund without any hassle. Can't beat that!OK. Now the phone. I came to this from a Sprint EVO 4G, and an AT&T; iPhone 3GS before that. The Droid Charge is perhaps the most refined and advanced phone out there.PROS:- Ridiculously long battery life, especially if you leave it on 3G. I can easily go a full day plus more on 3G, and a 8-10 hour day on 4G without any tricks, and without turning off GPS, Bluetooth, etc. all the time.- Slim and lightweight, yet feels VERY good in the hand- Large screen. As good as the iPhone4 screen, but WAY bigger.- 4G LTE is really fast. It downloads large files faster than my office WiFi.- 3G is not too shabby neither for web browsing, email, etc. I leave it on 3G most of the time. Based on my experience (in SF Bay Area), the Verizon 3G is faster or at least as fast as Sprint and AT&T; 4G.- Price. Particularly, you cannot beat the Amazon $149 price.- I have no huge issue w/ the TouchWiz interface. It's not ridiculously snappy, but more than adequate.- Finally, I think the shape and style is more attractive than your run-of-the-mill iPhone and clones.- I love that the battery / back cover is plastic and replaceable ($9.99). Why bother with extra weight and bulk of a skin case, when you can get a new back cover for $10? I generally am very gentle with my phone and never get any scratches on the side anyway.- The charger is the same tiny cube shape as the iPhone. Very compact.- Camera is AWESOME.CONS:- The tactile buttons are a mixed blessing. They feel great. But when I am lounging out on a bed and operating it with one hand, the touch buttons are easier to operate.- Camera not very good with close up, and underexposes Flash photos (easy fix using the exposure compensation)- It's not a dual core. But on the other hand, that's why the battery life is so great.- The on-board memory is only 512MB, although I have not had any real life issues with this.- No HDMI mirroringI honestly think it's the best phone out there at the moment.  The single greatest useful feature is the battery life.  What a great sense of freedom!

This phone was great until it started dropping calls.  This has been going on nonstop for the past two weeks non-stop.  Verizon has no solution....buyer beware.

This phone has a poorly constructed USB charger port, it cracks easily and doesn't take a charge.  I sent it to Samsung for repairs, for which they charged $70.  When the phone got back, HDMI port no longer worked.  They acknowledged that an OS upgrade they did when repairing the phone caused the HDMI port to fail.  They refused to reflash the phone with the original OS to fix the HDMI port problem, or to refund their repair charge.  In addition, a few months after the repair, the USB charger port is broken again.I strongly recommend against the purchase of any Samsung products, because of their irresponsible and unresponsive repair practices and policies.

At least, that's what people would tell you.  Realistically I find it to be a combination of the two.  Anyway, this review is specific to comparison of 4G devices, NOT jumping from a 3G device to this.I have owned the Thunderbolt since the early days of 4G.  It has its issues, especially if you don't root it.  But one thing about the Thunderbolt: I know what to expect of it day to day.  I've only had one instance of erratic behavior and it hasn't happened since.  I recently considered the Charge as a potential superior battery replacement to the Thunderbolt.  What I found was rather shocking.First, the build quality of the Charge is identical to its 3G brothers; the Fascinate, Captivate, Vibrant.  Cheap plasticky shell with no real feeling of durability.  However, the Charge's side bezel reminds me of a BlackBerry Curve the way it's designed.  I'm sure that wasn't accidental.  From a general solidity perspective the Thunderbolt and the LG Revolution both run circles around the Charge.  If you're the type of person who likes a feather light phone you probably won't really care.  To put it in perspective, I would get this for a girl in a hot minute.But what I found intriguing about the Charge is that it does get superior battery life to the Thunderbolt.  The problem is why: the Charge has many network-related issues that cannot be explained, and no real clear way to work around these issues.  First, the phone took hours to actually activate.  Apparently the software has been configured to auto-activate itself, but this failed numerous times.  I had to continually power cycle to get it to finally click through and accept the activation, and even then it still said it wasn't activated on the last reboot.  Next, the phone struggled to maintain a 4G signal, even when the Thunderbolt right next to it was surfing along happily on 4G with no hiccups.  That indicates a problem with the reception for the phone...and given the case material for the Thunderbolt, I would expect it to have more issues than the Charge, but realistically the Thunderbolt seemed better capable of maintaining a 4G signal.  Once connected to 3G it was of course rock solid, but you don't buy a 4G phone to do 3G, so I was thusly disappointed with this.  It's unfortunate, because outside of the build quality, I might have been tolerant of everything else, but the inability to sustain 4G is a dealbreaker for me.  Unfortunately I can't prove it to the local Verizon Wireless store because they don't even get 4G in there.  It's a miracle they manage to sell any such phones.Where the Charge exceeded over the Thunderbolt is in general microphone and speaker quality.  The Charge's microphone was able to recognize my voice extremely well, and the speaker is at least twice as loud as the Thunderbolt on the loudest setting.  There are also some vocal quality settings you can adjust on the Charge that are not present on the Thunderbolt.  Additionally, the Chaarge seemed less affected by wind noise than the Thunderbolt.I'm not suggesting you steer away from this phone if you're in a strong 4G area, but I am warning you that even though the signal might be strong, you may still experience issues staying connected to 4G.  Even if it does connect, you might not be able to browse, which indicates a connection issue.  The Thunderbolt at least has a way around this by way of programmer codes; the Charge presently has no such codes.  The other issue is that HTC is more apt to update the software than Samsung, so you may be stuck with older firmware, as is what happened with the Fascinate.There are other features that I have purposely glossed over, such as the Touchwiz interface and such.  But I do so because I want the reader to understand that the biggest, most important feature of any phone is the ability to handle its calls and data (if applicable) properly.  If a phone is sold as a 4G phone, it better be able to do 4G with minimal issues.  I'm not suggesting the Thunderbolt doesn't have its share of issues.  Rather, I had substantially less data and call issues with the Thunderbolt than with the Charge.  If you decide on the Charge, make sure you are happy with it, run it through its paces, and don't be afraid to return it if it doesn't work for you.

I think a lot of these reviews must have not had the free android update.  This phone is great. IT is very fast, beautiful screen, great camera, I love everything about this phone.  It looks really cool once you get the case on it.  Samsung makes good easy to use phones.

Upgraded from my Droid 1 last month and wanted to get some time of use under my belt before I reviewed it. So far, I really like this phone. As far as some of the reviews go that say there is bad call quality or screeching in the background... I haven't had any of that what so ever.Pros:-Great screen, looks beautiful especially in games and youtube videos.-PHYSICAL BUTTONS!!!-4G speeds on the nations fastest network. I was pulling down 35MBPS according to Ookla's speed test app. That's right. 35MBPS, not KBPS. That's faster than my home Comcast internet.-HDMI Output-Very responsive screen, no lag.-Did I mention its fast? Like, never buffering a youtube video fast? Like, it takes longer to install an application than it does to download it from the Android market fast? Yeah. Its that fast.Cons:-Blah blah blah battery life... whatever. Its a computer in your pocket. That's to be expected.-The screen isn't quite as glaringly bright as I would like it sometimes, especially in direct sunlight, but its still definitely manageable.-Screen is actually a bit TOO bright in the dark sometimes. Just my opinion though.-Speaker seems a bit quiet... Could be my bad hearing though.This phone was reviewed in Seattle, WA

Really nice display, fairly quick, and comes with a 32 gigabyte card.  Camera is decent -- for a smartphone.  Battery life is solid, too.  Downsides are that it has a single core processor, runs Froyo (not Gingerbread), can get bogged down on flash-intensive sights, and doesn't have an indicator light.  You can get by this last downside by downloading noled (free) from the android marketplace.  There's also a lot of bloatware.  Verizon's 4g network is a little inconsistent, even in areas that are supposed to have great 4g coverage, as it will occasionally drop to 3g for not apparent reason.  When it is connected though, it's lightning fast -- literally 40 or 50 times faster than 3g. I have yet to drop a call on this phone.  Hopefully Samsung can get a Gingerbread update out to this phone soon.  On an expensive phone like this, there's no reason for it not being there at the launch.

Super long battery life with everything turned on(iphone like battery life), the best screen on a phone - wow factor, stable and wifi-like data speed and call quality on verizon 4g lte (network is order of magnitude ahead of the competition). Runs all android apps and games flawlessly with no lag. What more can you ask for?I consider myself a power user but not a spec geek, so the lack of gingerbread update & dual core does not bother me, as they have no impact on how I use my phone - it just needs to be fast, stable and last 24 hours.  Everything on android right now works fast and perfect with this phone. By the time when dual core is actually being utilized as oppose to a spec innuendo the geeks obsess over, my 2 year contract will have expired for a new phone. This along with every other flagship phone will be nothing more than a $100 outdated doorstep on ebay.Some perspective, I have tried the iPhone on AT&T; (constant call drops, communication error running apps), the LG g2x dual-core android on T-Mobile(horrible signal strength, only has EDGE instead of even 3G in a lot of places) and the ThunderBolt on Verizon 4G LTE (This takes the cake - 4 hour battery life haha), before settling on the Samsung Droid 4G LTE.Unfortunately your phone is only as good as the network, and in the US, there is just no comparison to verizon 4G LTE, so no matter how good the hardware is, if it's not on verizon 4G LTE it's meaningless.To wrap it up, I finally found the perfect phone...for the next 2 years anyway :)

I got this phone black friday weekend this year (2011) Ive had blackberry curve pearl and Motorola Droid (the first one) and my fiance has samsung fascinate.  The Droid Charge blows them all away! The screen is gorgeous it processes well, and the battery life is good especially for the screen size.  The antenna is better than any other phone Ive had too.  The phone feels sturdy and solid in my hand.  Overall I am in love with this phone.A few days after I got it there was an update and it is now running on 2.3 gingerbread which is an added bonus.  I didn't care for droids or android after the first droid I had but this has completely changed how I feel.  It has 4g which isn't available in my area yet but should be in a yr so I feel like I got a somewhat future proof phone(I'm stuck with it now for two yrs!)There are some good apps that make getting your itunes synced up easy now which was one of my main concerns going for another non apple phone.  The 32gb card that comes with the phone is really a nice touch and I have been able to pack ALL of my music and pics off of my computer and I still have 14gb left!I highly recommend this phone.  I know everyone can find things to complain about on any device but if youre looking for a nice device that runs smooth, has a beautiful screen, adequate battery life, and storage for all of your media this is definately worth a look for you- especially considering the price. (I paid $99 at wal-mart and instantly got a $100 wal-mart gift card so basically I paid tax $5 on phone thats it!) Oh and btw the 8 mp camera takes amazing pics too.  I couldn't be happier with my phone.

Battery sucks.  Corporate emails suck.  Can't be used in Europe because of 4G.  All in all, it is just a terrible phone.

The phone is not bad. The Verizon data service where I live in a relatively large coastal NC city is unreliable and inadequate. That therefore makes this Verizon phone subpar. A $45. per month no contract Straight Talk phone had better data service than this phone.Do not use much data- around two GB per month typically. Yet, the claimed 3G data connection is constantly slow, frequently intermittent or completely unavailable at times. Have five or four bar tower reception. That makes this device unreliable. It looks like I will need to carry another no contract phone in order to insure reliable data service which is what I must have when I need it for what I do.The phone communication is reliable and works fine all the time. It has fair voice quality per Consumer Reports. Can deal with the weak voice quality but not the way data is unreliable or unavailable from the network for protracted periods.Verizon apparently does not have the infastructure needed to meet the demand for data service for its paying customers in this area. Yet, it regularly pays large cash dividends to its shareholders. Those are twisted priorities there. Will likely change providers when my two year contract is up. Straight Talk had better and cheaper service than what I have now.July 6, 2012: Have to restart the phone frequently sometimes. Whith a battery removal restart now and then. Otherwise the phone works pretty good when Verizon is not throttling its data service. They clain to have 4G service here now. It is still the same old subpar data service as before. If I used a lot of data, could understand it but I don't.

I have owned a computer company for 25 years so I guess you could say that I have some experience with technology. When the Blackberry Storm came out I stood in line at a Verizon store at 5:00 am in order to be one of the 1st to own one. I sold it on craigslist.com a month later. I did not like the phone. I reactivated my previous phone. After a friend was raving about his iPhone, I decided to try another upgrade so I visited a Verizon store again. I met with a very patient Verizon representative who spent 2 hours with me picking out a phone. I read Internet reviews on her computer in the store. I chose the Charge for 3 important reasons. The memory chip and battery are user replaceable and the display is awesome. I wanted the freedom to swap memory chips and the ability to change the battery myself.The first thing that I did was download the user manual from the Samsung Web site. I took it into Kinkos and had them duplex print it (print on both sides of the page) and also bind the manual. The manual is 159 pages long and much more comprehensive than the user book that comes in the box with the phone.A couple times a week, the phone gets buggy. I mean like 2 times a week. I reboot and everything is cool. I have XMradio in the house and for a very small monthly fee I am able to get it on the phone paired with my home unit. My auto radio has an input for a stereo miniplug and I can play XM from the phone through my car stereo. You don't need to buy the Verizon cable. Any stereo miniplug cable will work. The service can be a little erratic but I rate it very good.I have read lots of negative comments about the battery life. However, I find it to be very good. I am not an App nut so I can't comment on that. The camera is pretty cool and even has some SLR kinds of adjustments. It's nice to be able to take a pic and upload it to Facebook immediately. It also shoots video and does an acceptable job. The speaker phone is very good and the phone has some pretty intuitive software making it very usable. I often use the speech to text feature when driving and it's surprisingly accurate.I highly recommend the phone.

1st Droid Charge phone I got from amazonwireless.com would not charge/transfer data through the USB cable. It was a bad charging/data phone. Sent it back and got a 2nd phone.

I love it, of course Droid Charge is not the only one that has problem with battery, all other 4G devices has same issue. It is true that Droid Bionic will have better battery, but still will empty the battery less than ten hours. The screen looks great and I now love the Android OS. It is very fast 1Ghz processor, I experienced very good video chatting. No problem so far, I'm happy with it so far.

I had to buy a new phone from Verizon I had a Blackberry Storm 2 Well my Verizon rep told me about the HTC Incredible 2 well it was hell from the beginning ,dropped calls no bars,people called went right to voice mail,Well after 3  refurbished phone I had it and went back to Verizon,for help well I got a great woman named Cherlyn she got me into the Samsung Droid Charge,what a phone!!! battery life was excellent and I got calls A+++ get this phone it will serve you much better,I got an extended battery and now I can go 12 hours with battery still left .

There are several sections to review about this phone: The phone and call quality, the Internet, and Media Hub.I bought my first Samsung Charge about 6 weeks ago and already needed a replacement.  The first one started acting up soon after I got it.  It would "chirp" every few seconds during calls.  I could hear this, but the other person I was talking to couldn't.  Then, the sound would drop from the call even though the call itself still seemed in progress.  The phone was still counting the time, but either I couldn't hear the other person, the other person couldn't hear me, or neither of us could hear the other.  I would have to press End Call at this point.  I would try to call back but still couldn't hear the phone ringing or the other person answer even though I know it rang at the other person's phone as they would text and ask what was going on.  I finally turned it off and pulled the battery out for 30 seconds to reset the phone.  I called my carrier (Verizon), and they had me reset the phone back to factory defaults.  This briefly fixed the problem but the "chirping" returned, then the dropped sound returned.  Verizon has since given me a replacement which I have used for about 5 days. So far, so good.  However, the call quality of this high-end phone doesn't seem to be much better than my previous phone, the LG Chocolate.  (See other 1-star reviews about the sound dropping out.)The Internet and some of the apps are quite fun.  I like that I can download and surf using WiFi or 4G.  The WiFi doesn't cut into my data package, which is nice to know even though I have unlimited data at this time.  The phone doesn't always stay on 4G, though, sometimes going to 3G.  This doesn't always depend on the area as I have had it go from 4G to 3G in the same room in my house.  I have only had an issue with one website that streams video as this site says my "platform" cannot handle the streaming from their site.  Others, however, have worked fine.  I stream some TV shows from sites like TBS.com, and they are fairly smooth with only a few streaming/buffering problems here and there.  But, overall, not bad for a little phone.  I have had other people look at the screen and think the picture is great, but I think it is decent, so this could be debated, but the picture is still decent to very good depending on what you are streaming or playing.Now, for the ugly: Media Hub.  BEWARE OF THIS PROGRAM.  This program came with the phone and is used for purchasing movies and TV shows from Samsung.  I had a $25 gift card that I redeemed and downloaded my first movie for $9.99.  This worked fine with no problems.  I went to purchase another movie for $9.99.  This movie will not download even though Samsung took the $9.99 for it.  I called them, and they said someone would call in 24-48 hours.  When I finally got a call, I was told to reset Media Hub and call back if I couldn't download the movie.  I couldn't, so I called them back.  They said someone checked it, and the movie file is fine.  I told them it downloads 533 MB out of 815 MB, stalls, then restarts the download.  I asked for a refund so I could try another movie.  I was told that now, since I am asking for a refund, I'd get a call in 4-5 business days!  I never got that call.  I have e-mailed them.  Their response e-mails tell me to call.  I call and am told someone will call back in 24-48 hours!  This has been going on for 4 weeks now.  It is obvious at this point Samsung has no intention of refunding my $9.99 they stole from me through their Media Hub.  My last e-mail told them that they lost a customer over $9.99.  They responded by thanking me for being a loyal customer!  That just shows that they don't read e-mails or listen to customers.  I was thinking of getting a Samsung Galaxy Tab, but after this, I know that there would be absolutely no customer support should I have a problem with it, so I'll go elsewhere for any electronics in the future. Samsung's customer service number should be 1-800-DO-NOTHING!Final advice: If you can wait until the 4G phone issues are worked out, I'd advise that.  After I got my phone, I was told that 4G is still new technology with new technology bugs, so I'd advise waiting for the phones to come up to speed.  Then, I'd advise you to look elsewhere for a phone.  Your carrier might help with physical phone issues, but don't count on any help from Samsung - you'll be on your own.Edit:  I've called Samsung since approximately 7/12/11 regarding the Media Hub issue.  As of 8/23/11, they finally reimbursed me for the $9.99 movie that didn't download.  I will say, they gave me a $25 credit instead of just $9.99.

(1) The battery life is terrible. After minimal use over 6 hours (a few phone calls, sending a few texts, maybe use the internet, but for no more than 5 minutes total), the battery will be almost completely drained (10% or less left). So basically after an afternoon away from a charger, you have to run home to recharge, or else you've got a dead phone for the rest of the evening. This isn't a rare event, either. Every time I take it off the charger I have a problem with the battery life, even when I don't use the internet. This alone makes me want to get a new one.(2) The 4G network is spotty. I live in a major metropolitan area, and the phone does not always get 4G coverage. Sometimes it doesn't even get 3G coverage. I bought this phone for the faster network and so I could use the LTE network while talking on the phone. At least half of the time, however, that's not an option.(3) Audio is bad. Often when I'm talking on the phone I get a loud static sound over the line. The people on the other end of the call don't hear it, so it's not a network problem. I also never had this problem on my previous phone.(4) Sometimes there are dead patches on the screen. This is especially problematic when I am trying to swipe through the security feature. I have honestly been locked out because I had 5 failed attempts, when really the phone's screen was not responsive.I have owned this phone for 11 months. I'm ready to buy a different phone at full retail price just to get rid of this one. Overall, if I could buy this phone again, I definitely wouldn't.

When Amazon set the Droid Charge to one penny, I jumped on the deal. And I think people still should, even though there are now three 4G alternatives in the market...So the main issues for this phone I encountered in the first few days. First, the stock antenna for this phone may suck depending on your service area. I had a weird issue where my phone would go mute randomly in the middle of a call and I would have to restart the phone for anyone to hear me. When you search the internets, this issue is partly Verizon's fault, so it's not inherent to the phone hardware. Another issue: the battery drains if you're in an area with weak signal, which is typical of many smartphones.After a few days of carefully following instructions, I now have an awesome phone. It gets on average 29 hours of battery (minimum: 12 hours on heavy use --> GPS + 4G; maximum: 2 days on light use!) and I don't have call issues.But some tweaking is required. For people who are interested in 4G phone for 1 penny with long battery life:1) Go to [...]2) Root your phone and put a custom kernel on it.3) Put a Gingerbread ROM on it (Gummy Charged) and update to the newest antenna firmware.4) Calibrate your battery.5) For even better battery life, install Green Power Manager app.Also, for people that may find all of this tweaking intimidating, all that's really being done is a phone software update that Samsung is currently rolling out right now. So in about a month, an OTA update will give you the improved battery life and antenna that I currently have. I still recommend a power manager app that turns on/off your data so that you improve battery life and ration your data (this advice is for all Verizon data users).But in the end of the day, the developer involvement in this phone has truly utilized it's hardware capabilities, and with this phone's specs and current price, I'm looking forward to what will be done to make this phone faster and more beautiful.

I have had this phone for almost 6 months and it is absolutely HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dropped calls, screeching noises that are almost unbearable, no battery life etc. What a waste of money! I've tried to resolve these problems for months. I'm now on my second replacement and still have the same problems. Verizon said it is a manufacturing problem. Thanks a lot Samsung.

After multiple calls back and forth between Verizon and Amazon wireless, I feel like I am talking with two parties that do not communicate.  I have an existing account with Verizon and tried to upgrade to two new phones and a family plan with Amazon.  Verizon has stated over and over (3-4 reps who all looked at my existing account over several phone calls) that Amazon should have no problem setting me up.  Amazon says they can't do it. This went to a supervisor, who stated the same. I wasted 4 hours on this project.  They need to get their act together to be on the same page. From an email sent from Amazon to me:"As we discussed, AmazonWireless cannot convert an individual account into a family account. While AmazonWireless is in its Beta phase, we do not have all transaction options available with each carrier. We will be adding additional transaction options in addition to increased functionality and improving existing features over the coming months."Very frustrated and dissatisfied.

I am satisfied with the standard features that you expect from any smartphone: 2 cameras, email access, calendar, good battery life (for a smartphone), texting. But i can do all that with a regular phone. I got a smartphone to do more; but so far it's been one disappointment after another:- Qik video does not work (they are aware of it)- Tango does not work for video chat (they are aware of it)- Netflix doesn't have an app to stream video (they are aware of it)- There is not app for Amazon video on demand- Oovoo does not have an app for it either- The LG TV remote control app does not work either even though I have an lg 50pk950 with a DLNA adapter- I wish the phone could be adapted to my logitech boombox (which only works with apple devices) but I knew that already.Conclusion: The lack of uniformity among all android phone manufacturers (input connectors, charging connectors, different app versions needed for specific devices, and inefficient apps) is going to cause their own demise.I still have 10 days to return it. If my wife's iphone has better graphics I think I am going to return the charge.

The Good: Much faster than my Motorola Droid. Don't have 4G in my area yet so have not tested network speeds. Super huge OLED screen is bright enough to see in full sunlight, and large enough to be useful.  Decent battery life so far but have only had the phone for a couple of days. 2GB of internal memory and factory-installed 32GB microSD gives you lots of space for apps, photos, music, etc.  Good quality images from both 8MP main camera and 1.3MP front camera.  I rarely use my phone as a phone so cannot comment on the quality of calls.The Not So Good: Internal speaker volume is not loud enough.  TONS of useless pre-installed bloatware which cannot be removed unless you root the phone, and even then, may not be able to uninstall.  Thus far I have been unsucessful at all attempts at rooting using z4 Root or super one-touch with psneuter or GingerBreak, nor has adb using GingerBreak been able to do it.  I specifically chose Samsung because of their supposed root-friendly attitude.  Will keep trying, and WILL eventually succeed!Addendum: After lots of research and trial & error I was able to get root access on my Charge! For info on how to do it see the following URLs.[...][...][...]Please make sure to carefully follow all instructions on using Odin, but before flashing, remove the battery from the phone.  Then once the phone is recognized by Odin, replace the battery and then flash. Please do not blame me if you damage your phone using this method.  All I can say is that it worked for me.  If you don't have much experience rooting Droids you may want to wait until a one-click method is developed for the EE4 build.  Email me if you need more help. dr.jpeg1254@gmail.com

So now I've been traveling for a while with this phone and I have one slight problem...the battery life on this sucker just plain...well...sucks.  I have to turn everything off just to make it last more than a few hours without dying out.  If you plan on using the Google Maps Navigation tool, you had better plug this thing in or you will not have any battery life when you get where you are going.  I would say that one would be lucky to get 6 hours of battery from this phone a day.Now that I've established battery life sucks, charging it sucks just the same.  If the battery has about 15% life left, it takes about 4 hours for the battery to be fully recharged.  I'm. Not. Kidding.  So if you are traveling, don't think you can plug it in for 15 minutes to get a hour or two life left.  Nope.  Doesn't work that way.  Expect to be without your phone for about the last hour and a half (okay a little exaggeration on my part, more like an hour).Also, another warning, if you tether your phone and less than 50% power, I've actually had the case where the phone was using more power than it was being charged through the USB port of my computer.  Yep, I was sucking the power out of it while using it....that was cool.With all that being said, the 4G is fast if you are tethered.  If not, then it doesn't make any difference if you are 4G or 3G.  The phone speed is just the same.Hopefully, the future iPhone 5 is 4G and will a) have better battery life, and b) can be fully charged in an hour instead of 4....and I hate Apple for the pure sake of not wanting to be a conformist.

I am a moderate user (I could be a heavy user, but barely brave enough to use the phone moderately! - More on this later).  I like to check email, surf the net, download, upload, text, send messages, you name it (not much of a talker on the phone - but still important - it IS a phone!).I LOVE this phone for the following reasons:1. Absolutely user friendly2. Fantastic call clarity - sometimes the person on the other end sounds like they are literally sitting on the ledge of my ear lobe and talking right in there. Crystal clear!2b. No background noise or hiss (white noise) whatsoever on a call.3. Even when I am on one bar signal strength - the call will not falter!  Have not tried calling with a single bar.4. Very intuitive typing - about 90% of the time, it correctly guesses the word (Had an HTC Inspire briefly - words always wrong!)5. Touch screen is just sensitive enough so that when you move it or hover near it, it doesn't just launch off into something (HTC Inspire - you couldn't even tip it or apply pressure to the sides as in picking it up without it changing your whole display or opening up something.). Yet when you need it to be responsive - it is johnny-on-the-spot.6. Great built in app manager7. Highly customizable with a fantastic offering of Android Market apps.8. Easy to hold and manipulate.9. Absolutely beautiful and vibrant graphics - even on a 30% brightness setting.  The full setting actually hurt my eyes!10. Pretty descent speaker.Now, What I DESPISE about this phone!!:1. The battery life is absolutely hideous!  Even when I leave the phone to sit on my desk - I have no battery life (or barely) by the end of my work day (unplug 6AM, leave work at 5PM). Maybe I am missing something - but these reports of 10 or 12 hours without a charge by other users must be by those who don't turn the phone on at all. LOL! j/k. But, seriously, if the Charge has the better battery life of the 4G SP's - I am truly scared to see how bad the Thunderbolt is (it is reportedly markedly worse)!2. I don't like the plasticky feel of the phone (HTC's feel MUCH better constructed) - but I can live with that.  The battery life is my biggest gripe.3. Size.  The HTC models definitely beat the Samsung Droid Charge on this one - this almost qualifies as HUGE!As you can see my pros far out paced my cons.  But even the cons have descent work-arounds.  You can get great inductive charging covers/pads, or portable power packs, or an extra charger, or an extended battery (if you like the bulk) to manage your power needs.  Smart phones in general have bad battery ratings - accept for the iPhone. As far as the plasticky feel of the construction - a nice phone cover takes care of that problem.  You forget you had the issue!In short - this phone is worthy of your consideration.

This is my favorite phone to date. Very nice, Samsung makes the best android phones hands down. Such an easy to use, nice, fun, phone. Thank you SAmmy!

This is one of the worst pieces of technology I have worked with.  It stalls out, does not sync email with exchange (HUGE PROBLEM) and overall not user friendly.  I had this phone for three weeks and went through 3, finally switched to a different product.

This is a great phone, I do not give 5 stars unless the item is beyond my expectations. This phone lasts about 12 hours for me with continuous use. 4G is fast, using speakeasy I got 22 mbps down. Upload is not nearly as fast but still decent, around 2mb. Just for fun, I connected my laptop to the phone using the wireless modem 12mb down 1 up, very good for a phone. I bought it right before the 6th of July for the unlimited usage (was waiting on bionic). I haven't had any of the issues the 1 star ratings have had. The battery is good, not comparable to the iphone but it lasts a full day. The camera is not very good but that is about the only complaint I have besides for the battery. The single core processor does everything I need quickly enough. Overall, I love the phone and am very happy with it, especially at the price. 4G has been great for me. But if I were going to get a phone at this point I would just wait for the bionic or new samsung, both are set to arrive soon. I am happy with the phone.

My last phone was a Blackberry Storm and I upgraded to the Charge.  There have been some hiccups going from a Blackberry (and very easy syncing) to the Android platform.  If you are a new convert or considering converting:1. You have to setup a gmail account and you sync through that.2. Syncing Outlook calendar is easy as Google Calendar has a very easy setup and auto sync.3. Syncing Outlook contacts is a pain. If you are on a network e-mail client there is a sync program but if you are just an individual you have to go through saving the file as a .csv file. Then import in your gmail account and then sync on your phone. There are some apps that make it easier but they don't support all of the fields I needed and reviews show they wiped some data. But now I have this 3 step process for every time.4. Syncing files is also an issue. But I discovered Dropbox, free up to 2GB, that allows you to sync files amongst several computers and phones.The Charge has amazing speed, a very bright and colorful display and is very easy to use if you have ever used a smart phone before.  But there are some quirks. It added some icons to the desktop when I never intended it to. The online manual doesn't show how to delete but I found an Android platform that shows if you hold down the icon a delete button appears that you can use.There are several cool apps for the Android market and many are free. Some that are recommended:Advanced Task Killer - really helps with battery lifeRingtones FreeGoogle Sky Map - hold it up at the sky and it shows the constellationsBattery life is not great. I am charging the phone every other day and not using it that much. But the wall charger works very fast and the USB crawls. In comparison I used to charge my Storm about every 5-6 days.Uploads and downloads were very fast and it displays if you are on the 4G or 3G networks. Reception in my neighborhood is one bar better with this phone than my Storm. Phone quality is great according to the people I call but on my end I would say average. It doesn't drop calls like my Storm did but even on the highest volume I sometimes cannot hear them very clearly.You don't need Verizon Navigator with this phone. I cancelled it and have been using Google Maps program for navigation. It works well and it is so much easier to integrate with restaurants. You can see reviews, rate, navigate, call, go to website, etc... Much more detailed than Navigator and it has been accurate so far.My research covered several providers and phones and I was hoping to try the Droid Bionic but the original phone was scrapped and my Storm was dying so the Charge was my second choice. I am very happy with it but wish someone would make an Outlook - Droid sync program. Most forums have people saying they would pay up to $50 for that program and I agree .... File integration would be nice too.

The battery life is awful. It only lasts a couple of hours. The phone freezes all the time. The only way to get it restarted is to turn the power off and restart it. I would give it 0 stars, if that was possible.

I have only one complaint. However this one complaint is critical for a PHONE.  POOR call quality!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pros: LTE, Nice ScreenCons: Call quality and built quality

Please note this review has been heavily edited three times since its original posting.The major flaws as I see them are:1. The GPS is terrible on this phone,takes forever to lock and is always off by a good bit.  Unreliable for driving.2. TouchWiz 3.0 UI lags3. There are far too many pre-installed apps4. The 3G connectivity can get "stuck"5. See edit notes: the Droid Charge will NOT be getting Android 2.3, so next update is a ways off and will be a jump to 2.4I really don't know what the GPS's problem is.  It all started sometime in October of 2011.  The GPS, in my opinion, just doesn't work and the reports by almost every current Droid Charge owner is that GPS is completely unreliable on the phone.  There are no words on a fix from Samsung.  I am really hoping I can get Verizon to replace this phone with a new 4G phone.TouchWiz 4.0, on other Samsung phones, is much snappier and I assume the Charge will see it when it gets Android 2.4 (see edit notes, due in Q4 2011).  Alternately you can install a different launcher App from the market and get rid of TouchWiz 4.0.For #3, the phone is simple enough to root and remove the unwanted apps (and simple enough to unroot back to stock)#4 is a tough one.  This phone does have problems with restoring connectivity whenever one of the data connections is shut off.  This happens when:a) you live on the border of a 4G area and constantly swap between 3G/4Gb) have an APP that turns the connections off (Juice Defender or other battery saving APPs being a main culprit)c) do not have the phone set to "wake up" data connections upon data packets being sentFor A, this is something Verizon is aware of and working on.  However, it is unknown if there is a fix.  Switching to 3G only does seem to fix this (unless B or C are affecting you).  Still I've had the phone seemingly lose data connection for no reason in 3G or 4G mode.For B, there are no working battery-saving APPs that I am aware of that work well with the Droid Charge.  Juice Defender will 100% make the phone not function as expected.  Wouldn't be so bad if the battery didn't die so quickly with everything turned on.For C, check under settings (don't have the phone on me to check exactly what it is called) to make sure to connect to mobile data whenever a data packet is sent.Now that I'm past the bad points, there are some positives to this phone:1. Its a 4G phone and 4G is amazingly fast in my area (Upstate SC)2. Beautiful screen (it convinced me to buy this over the Thunderbolt)3. 32 Gb storage (where else were they going to put all the bloatware?).In conclusion, the Samsung Droid Charge is an acceptable 4G phone, but the buyer has to be aware of the possible data connectivity issues.  Reading other reviews and doing A LOT of investigative work with my phone, I've all but eliminated the problem and realized in the long run had my phone been set up properly to begin with and had not had Juice Defender installed, I would not have had as many issues as I did.My recommendations for anyone that does keep this phone:1. If you live on the edge of a 4G area, turn off 4G.  Constantly swapping from 3G to 4G will kill the battery and your patience.2. Charge the phone to full every day3. Consider rooting it and removing the bloatware4. DO NOT install any battery saving Apps that turn off dataEdit 7/10/11: Through some research I found out the Droid Charge will NOT be getting Android 2.3. The next planned upgrade is straight to 2.4, which means any fix for the TouchWiz UI is unlikely.  The 2.4 update probably won't be around until late Q4 2011.  This is another strike against this phone.  I've updated the review to reflect this.Edit 7/12/11: I have resolved most of my worst issues and have moved this from a 1-star to a 4-star review as I like the phone and an unfortunate string of missteps lead me to hate it in the first place.  Missteps that should have been avoided.Edit 12/1/11: Back down to 2 stars.  There are still data connectivity issues with this phone in 4G or 3G.  It just stops working randomly even when the signal strength is excellent.  Also the GPS, at some point, just stopped workind and from the notes of other Droid Charge owners, its a problem with the Droid Charge, not just my phone.  GPS is completely unreliable.

I wanted a phone with a good display, true 4G data, and lots of available apps.  The Samsung Charge does that....for a few hours.I can't understand the people on these reviews who are saying "good battery life".  Perhaps they are barely using their phone.  I am a very savvy techie; I have done *everything* one can do to get better battery life (e.g., turn off WiFi when not using it, kill unused tasks, use a short screen timeout, etc.), and I cannot imagine getting a full day from this phone.  I end up living tethered to chargers...at home, in the car, etc.  Right now, my Samsung Charge shows 50% battery after very light use for 6 hours.  I have *NEVER* made it a full day....not once in 5 months.Otherwise, it has a nice display, and most things on it work.  Other complaints:1.  The jerks at Samsung loaded the thing with apps that you cannot remove (Golf? Buzzbox, Rhapsody, Rock Band, etc) and Verizon packed it with a few of their own.  That's seriously annoying.2.  No LED to indicate calls/messages is seriously annoying.  The answer is an app named NoLED...which consumes battery!  :-(3.  The phone has "issues" w/ BlueTooth; not sure what triggers it, but sometimes it just will not connect to existing paired devices.  The only cure then is to re-boot the phone.4.  The phone is *very* sensitive to chargers...one charger I have makes the touchscreen almost useless, another (in my car) puts a whine on the audio coming out of the headphone jack.  Neither is a cheap charger, BTW...the car one is a Verizon charger.All in all, this isn't the worst phone I've owned...but you can bet that I am looking forward to my contract expiring so I can get something else!Update 8/2012:  I had the misfortune of having my phone partially fail, and I called Verizon to have it repaired...which, of course, actually meant that they shipped me a "new" one.  Well, the new one was a re-furb, and it had its' own, severe problems.  Back it went...and I got another refurb...which also was very seriously flawed....and back that one went....when I received the 3rd replacement, and it, too, was seriously flawed (I'm not being picky here: Wi-Fi didn;t work on it!), I went ballistic with Verizon and they offered me a different model phone.  Thankfully, that Motorola Droid has turned out Ok. I'm reducing the phon e rating to 2-stars, for obvious terrible support and terrible QA.

This is an awesome smartphone.  After reading through customer reviews, and online reviews I decided to go ahead and get the DROID CHARGE. I'm glad I did. Most of the complaints over this phone was that it was running Froyo 2.2 instead of Gingerbread.  well that has changed and its rolling out the end of November via over the air update.  This phone comes with a 32gb SD card, has an awesome 8 megapixel camera, and I have been able to run the NETFLIX app on it no problem.  Let me say that 4G speed is smoking fast.  In savannah GA i'm getting over 20 megabytes per second download speeds.  That's faster then my home Comcast cable internet.  Don't hesitate to get this phone, you can find it for less then a dollar at $am's club along with the Stratosphere, which I almost got.  I chose the Charge over the Stratosphere because the screen is better and the camera is higher quality.  I love this phone!

pretty cool no problems with it battery life is not bad i totally recommend this phone i am very pleased with it.

I got my Verizon Charge from Amazon at the beginning of June.  I had sound issues from the start.  Finally got around to complaining about 2 weeks ago and after 6 calls they replaced the phone, first with a used one and then with a new one.  They both had the same problems with sound.  It sounds like a speaker with a hole in it.  I've had friends try my phone and they all feel the same.  It sucks.  And the people I talk with ask me to call on a landline.  The Verizon Charge by Samsung just is terrible.  I tried 3 of them now and they are all bad.  Really bad.  No matter what state I'm in nor if I'm calling a landline or another cell phone.  It sucks.

Upgraded for free at amazon from the original droid. The only thing i would like is better predictive typing, i (believe i can install that though) perhaps a physical keyboard too.  I'm overall very impressed, you can download  vlingo - better voice recognition than siri. the charge beat the iphone 4s in consumer reports for a reason - 4g speeds, navigation, beautiful large screen and it is Free! (with new two year contract)

I'll keep it real simple since there are plenty of reviews.The phone got much better after the update to Gingerbread(Firmware 2.3.6.)  This phone has great speed, fantastic display, and great touch sensitivity.This is a decent phone.  The concerns about battery life are legitimate, but better batteries now do exist.  At this point in time, you can get a much better phone for the price (especially if you are actually paying for this one.  Look for a sale on the bionic, or just wait a few more weeks for the Razr to start going on sale.Since it just got Gingerbread, it is highly likely this phone will NOT be upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich (firmware 4.0)  And that alone should be enough to look elsewhere.

I'd had this phone for three days now after debating between this phone and the HTC Droid Incredible 2. The reason I decided to get the Samsung was the 32GB card, a slightly larger screen (.3 inches really), and the 4G. The HTC also had global capabilities, but I found that to be superfluous. Previously I had a LG enV Touch, a durable phone, but only a phone. I could not reach the internet easily or do anything with the phone. So having something as new and as pretty as the Samsung Droid Charge is amazing for me. So for all the people that have had an android phone before and I say something that has been on them all and is pretty obvious I apologize, I'm not used to androids yet.The first day I had the phone I ran the battery down by 2 after turning it on at 8. I had to restart the phone multiple times and call the Amazon customer service for the device to activate it. So that ran the battery down quickly. I also downloaded multiple apps, which were downloaded quickly, faster than my friend's iPhone 4 with Verizon. So if I hadn't been using it as a toy for the first day then it would've last longer. It charged until 6 and then I played with it for the rest of the day, but was unable to completely wear the battery down. I can note though that on the puzzle screen it will tell you when to plug the device in.The second day I had the phone the newness of it worn off by then, mostly, so I wasn't playing around with it as much. The phone battery finally died around 9 after I took it off the charger at 11. A convenient thing I noticed is that in the phone information under settings is that it will tell you what is eating up the battery and how much battery is left percentage wise, which I found very useful. When I called someone and asked about the call quality they told me that it sounded the same as my old phone, so I don't known it that's good or not really but I am happy with it.The third day, today, I had some problems with it freezing on me for a bit but I took the battery out and restarted it and the phone worked just fine after it. I have no clue what caused it but its fine now. The battery is still going fine right now after being unplugged at 11, and I've used it minimally today.Overall: I like the phone. The 4G is great, and you can change it from LTE to CDMA, which I'm pretty sure means 3G if you want to. It might make the battery last longer. For all those that knock the battery, stop treating the phone like its a toy and you'll be fine. The thing is a phone, not a laptop computer or something else like it. Everything I downloaded from online is soon on my phone, it took a second to download facebook. I'm happy with that. The camera is fun to mess with but it does not have a vertical mode, it can only be done horizontally, Which is not a big deal at all. Just something I noticed. It came with a bunch of junk already on the phone that I know I won't use but I'm pretty sure its some Samsung/Verizon thing for all of it to be on the phone. Swype is fun to use and makes texting someone that much faster. In general this is a nice phone and I like it.

I'm a long-time Verizon customer and have owned many phones throughout the years- ranging from the FIRST camera phone from LG in 2002, to the enV, the Dare, the original Motorola Droid (which was a great phone, by the way) to now owning the Samsung Droid Charge. You would think as technology improved, the phone would get better and the experience would get better, but this is not the case. If it were not for the fact that I'm locked into a two-year contract, I would switch from the Samsung Droid Charge. This piece of junk phone is the reason why I'm ready to either pay $500 for another phone on eBay or pay the early termination fee and break my contract to go to another carrier. The screen on my OG Moto Droid is broken, otherwise I'd go old school and use that!I've owned this phone since December 2011, which is a little over a year now. I upgraded and renewed my 2-year contract because Amazon was advertising this phone for a penny. That was literally all I paid- a penny, but believe me, even a penny is overpaying for this piece of junk! It worked great the first few months I had it, but after that, I experienced many problems with this phone and it has gotten progressively worse. If you search on Verizon forums, you'll find that many others are experiencing the same exact problems. It is not a Verizon problem but is in fact a Samsung problem. Samsung put in a crappy radio receiver, and this is the cause of many problems with the phone.Here are the problems I've personally experienced, and many others have also experienced as well:-NO 4G SERVICE, only 3G: I live in Los Angeles, and even Verizon has told me I should be getting 4G. The 4G worked for a few months but stopped working after that, and I believe it's a result of the crappy, cheap radio Samsung put into this phone. I had to switch it to CDMA 3G mode instead of LTE just to be able to get data service, so I am paying for 4G service that I am not getting.-LOSES DATA CONNECTION ALL THE TIME: Even though I switched it to 3G mode, several times throughout the day, I get ZERO DATA CONNECTION or a 1X CONNECTION (if you're lucky). Restarting the phone several times a day solves this problem. Again, linked to the crappy radio. Don't buy this phone if you need to have constant access to your emails or the internet.-PHONE REBOOTS RANDOMLY: It will restart on its own for no reason.-PHONE LOCKS UP: Trying to dial someone, it will take about 2 minutes before it actually dials. I have more faith in reaching someone using 2 soup cans and a whole bunch of string.-PHONE RANDOMLY DIALS PEOPLE FROM CONTACTS: This has happened a few times the last few months.Do yourself a favor and avoid this phone like you'd avoid a hooker with VDs. That's all I gotta say! I'm counting down until December 2013 when I can get a new phone!

I see a lot of real negative reviews about this phone and not completely sure why.  Yes the processor is a carryover from the galaxy s but it just so happens this is the best single core processor for 3d performance and achieves the highest frame rate of any one core processor. Quadrant scores don't reflect this but its true. Also this is the most balanced phone in other aspects, hummingbird is also efficient, battery is larger than tbolt and screen if used right will give exceptional battery life (up to 2 full days with moderate use). The touch wiz interface isn't bad like people make it out to be it's actually very easy to use and quite colorful and pleasing to the eye, and swype is a must have for me i love it and it's not on the tbolt. Of course I do use launcher pro though. I have had other htc phones and while they are overall good phones reliability, efficiency, amazing screens, and good resale value is what Samsung does best(think of it has the Toyota or Honda of phones). I work for Verizon and have the chance to try all the phones and this has been nothing but a pleasure to work work! LTE is amazing and Verizon has bought the entire network from the fcc. Everything (including 1g areas will be 4g by 2013) Sure dual cores are coming but unless you do hardcore gaming or need 1080p video as a must this phone will get you better battery life and a more practical phone that doesn't overheat(bionic)As for updates my thought is better late than never and Samsung did come through as i'm sure 2.3 will on this one as well.

still use the phone and works as good as the day i got it (almost two years ago). sure it may freeze on occasion but it still runs pretty well for a smart phone that has been dropped in puddles, and on concrete/hard floors.  overall i am impressed with the quality of the phone and plan to keep it as a back up once i finally upgrade.

This phone is the worst piece of trash I have ever owned. Other than the way it looks and feels there is nothing good about it.I had 3 of these break down and was going on my 4th before I badgered Verizon into giving me something else. Here are just a few of the things that went wrong with my  phones:GPS didn't function well - often said I was miles away from my actual location; said I was moving when I was standing still; took 20 or more minutes to locate GPS.Static - horrible static on my end of the phone only. I'm not talking here about just a poor connection. I mean static and buzzing so loud I had to terminate the call because the other person was inaudible.Wouldn't connect to 4G for data transfer - made phone calls in 4G, but defaulted to 3G for data.Ghost key pushing - often acted as though I was pushing keys when the phone when I wasn't touching it; it would open up apps, start functions, make emergency calls, etc. It was WIERD.No amount of standing in line at Verizon Wireless stores or on the phone with tech support solved these problems. I bet I wasted 20-30 hours with tech support on calls and in person.Do yourself a favor: do NOT take this phone even if it is FREE. Save yourself the headache and get something else.

I've owned this phone since june and love it.Display is awesome,sounds are clear and have no problems with phone calls, bluetooth or reception like I'm seeing people complain about it.Its never crashed but it has lagged a little bit but thats only because I was multitasking and switching programs and pages too fast.Battery life is pretty good,it just depends on how much you're using it and what you're doing with it.I bought the desk cradle and it comes with an extra battery which can be charged while your phone is in cradle..As far as the 4g goes its amazingly fast and it only goes to 3g if I'm in a bad area,garages,in heavily wooded areas,etc..I recommend buying this phone and dismiss the people that are giving it bad reviews because they either don't know how to use it or are living in crappy areas of the country,sorry folks..If you want to talk about a crappy phone then you all should be talking about Iphone,my mother got Iphone 4 when I got the droid charge and I hate that phone it's a P.O.S. and it's harder to do anything on it compared to the charge..

I've had my Droid Charge for about a month.  The screen and interface are wonderful and the added memory (over my old original Motorola Droid) are greatly appreciated.  There seems to be about 1.2Gb of memory allocated to applications and 328 Mb available for running applications.  Even though the phone is large, it is very light and thin and doesn't feel as large as it might seem.I have two complaints about it which lowers its score.  The battery life seems fairly poor.  It is similar to my old Motorola Droid which is good when one considers its screen and speed.  I can get up to 10 hours on the battery but typically less.  I'm a fairly hard user, so perhaps this isn't surprising, but I need to have a charger handy regularly or it won't last the day.  This may get better as I get used to the phone.  The other complaint is that it freezes up and/or reboots about once a day, for no apparent reason.  It says it is running 2.2.1.  I hope it gets the 2.3.4 upgrade soon and perhaps that will help.I don't have 4g in my area, so I can't report on its performance, but the battery life I'm experience is without the additional drain of 4g.(Update 9/6/11).  I've had the phone for more than a month now and the freeze ups/reboots persist with typically 3-4 per day.  As aggravating is that having it dial a number sometimes takes forever.  I can request it to call a number in my contacts and it may be a minute later that it decides to make the call.  This is very bad.  Battery life is not improving at all and I have a spare battery and external charger to help me make it through the day.  It really needs some system fixes.(Update 9/12/11).  I did a full reset on the phone and reloaded my applications.  This time I did two things differently.  I didn't put any applications on the SD card, and I didn't use "folder manager" to organize my apps.  I simply used folders in the home pages.  So far the phone is behaving much better.  Battery life still isn't great, but I've had far less problems with sluggish response and with freezing up and rebooting.  It hasn't stopped entirely, but is much, much better so far.

I would say this phone is 100% solid for many reasons but it is not an exceptional or particularly memorable phone. I've used it for 3 months now and have a pretty good idea about what I can expect from it from now on. So I'll break it down to what I like and do not like.Pros+4G LTE capable.You should know about this already. 4G LTE is the premiere wireless network. It's faster than my home internet and is worth the price of admission (limiting data plans or what have you). Really. If you have 3g and you "think" that's good enough, it's really not. It's the difference between streaming video or not. Go ahead and kid yourself and say that it's not that big of a deal. . .+"Decent" battery.You should know that every 4G LTE phone is not going to have a great battery life. As it stands now, the technology that powers these radios just eats battery life. This phone has decent battery life until you get in to heavy browsing. Expect to charge your phone daily.+Great screenThe screen on this phone is terrific. It is bright and sharp and the colors really pop out. Samsung's Super AMOLED screen is one of the best out there, and is up there with Apple's Retina display. I don't think it's *as* great but the 4.3" screen is a nice bonus. I do not want to draw straight comparisons, but I would take the Super AMOLED with 4.3" over a 3.5" Retina display. Turn down the brightness to get the most out of your battery, because keeping it 100% bright is both excessive and a resource drain.+Build QualityI think this phone has pretty exceptional build quality. I drop my phones and this one stands up to each drop. I do not like the physical buttons, however. It's something that can break in the future. I'm already starting to have slight difficulties with mine and I doubt they will keep up after years of use.Cons-HardwareThe hardware of the phone is lacking. I have about 250mbs of RAM to deal with after the phone is done hogging the bloatware it insists on running. If I run task manager, I have 5-10 programs I have no interest in *ever* running. If I shut them down, you can bet money on them popping up a minute later.The processor is *ok* but it is not zippy. It's not sluggish either, it's just mediocre.-StyleThe style of the phone is sort of a turn off to me. It's relatively slender, I just down like the rounded top and bottom. The Motorolla Bionic is my ideal phone design. Perhaps a petty complaint.-Heating issuesThe phone gets hot if I stream video with LTE. I can still handle the phone fine and it does not "overheat" (unless the screen is 100% bright) but I do not think this is a good recipe to have your phone last for 2 years. Just a heads up.-BloatwareThe bloatware on this phone really hinders the performance on this phone. It doesn't run as fast as it could because of all the trash that needs to run. This can be said for just about any phone I'm sure.Wrap-UpI'm sure you know about 4G LTE speeds, camera, gorilla glass screen, etc etc. so I won't harp on that much.Yes,  this phone is fast, yes, I'd settle for this phone over a Galaxy S2 or whatever spiffy phone that is still slugging with 3g.Overall, I think this phone is pretty decent. It's not a 3 star phone, but it's not a 5 star phone either. It works and it works well, but it doesn't pop and it's not something you would brag about. It does it's job just well enough to get by and that's it. I don't think you will hate this phone but you won't love it either.If you have any questions, just ask and I'd be happy to answer. I have no used iPhones or many other Android phones extensively, so keep that in mind.

This is by far the biggest waste of money I've ever spend on a phone. I'm on my second phone because the Internet just stopped one day after several issues before. Now the calls work about 3/4 of the time, the other 1/4 they are muddled, digitized or just can't be heard from the other side. If you do any business, this is NOT the phone for you. The Internet is intermittent at best. Traveling within other Verizon areas gives you a roaming notice and shuts off your data. I hoped that Gingerbread upgrade would help but it just added to the issues. About every 4 days I have to reboot now or several phone functions won't work. I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE this piece of junk! Maybe some Droids are better but my old blackberry with no flash was at least reliable! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY (many times)!

I cannot say enough BAD things about this phone.  I'm on my second phone, having replaced the first one, and both have the same problems. (1) This Phone/PDA can be sitting on the table while I reading news and it losses the tower.  Phones switches from 4G to 1g then no signal.  In a couple of minutes the signal comes back.  Is this the service or the phone?  I have seen this behavior in 5 locations across two states, so I'm thinking it's the phone. (2) While I have seen days where the battery is still 50% after 16 hours, at least 2 times a week, something will happen and the battery will loose 10% an hour.  Best solution is to turn it off, back on, and recharge the battery. (3) I can leave the house or work for a jog, and it takes the GPS 5 to 10 minutes to figure out where I am. Once it's tracking me, it can still loose me for 5 minutes at a time.  This has happened in 4 locations (home, work, 2 favorite parks) all at locations that my 2 year old Motorola Droid had no problems with. I cant imagine how bad this would be trying to use the GPS for driving instructions.

amazon has already replaced my droid charge once,and i still have problem where all of a sudden people start to say "hello...hello..." and unless you reboot, any calls there after no one will be able to hear you. search the net and you will see more people have this issue.

I have had the Droid Charge for a week now. One of the most impressive features is the Super Amoled Plus display - on auto-brightness level - the display is beautiful and adjusts well to all ambient lighting levels. Sometimes, just to show it off, I'll take it off of auto-level and crank it up to full brightness just to blow people away. The clarity, contrast ratio, color fidelity - everything is incredibly good. It is at this time, the most stunning display in it's size class in the world. And yes, you can read it in direct sunlight.The User interface is also excellent - animation rates are good. swipe scrolling is very smooth - my iphone co-workers now say that the UI is just up to par with their iPhones (they still think the iPhone scrolling is slightly smoother - but no longer enough that they think it's a discriminator).The 4G performance is also incredible. In both the Anaheim area (down to Irvine) and east San Gabriel Valley areas, I typically measure mid-teens (~16Mbps) down and 7-10Mbps up. I was blown away yesterday morning when I got a speed test result in Tustin, CA of 26Mbps down and 10Mbps up. Had to run the test twice to confirm! . These numbers are better than my FIOS service!Only downside is, yes, the battery life. In my first day of playing with it heavily - I wiped out the battery by early afternoon. Probably being a new battery didn't help. After a week, I'm typically down to one bar by 5-6pm (still playing with it a Lot). So, I bought a dock for my desk at work, a mount/charger for my car, and another dock for my desk at home. Problem solved. I also bought an extra battery - mainly for a travel backup.So all-in-all - I am extremely happy with this phone. At this time, the trade-off seemed to be between a Verizon droid with dual 1Ghz processors and 3G, or a 1Ghz processor with 4G and the Super AMOLED Display. I believe the 4G performance and stunning display far outweigh the dual processor. Of course, it won't be long, I'm sure, before somebody will have both 4G and the dual-processor - but Samsung's Super AMOLED Plus display is going to be a tough act to follow.

Overall the phone is a great 4G device, the screen is unmatched by any other vzw phone on the market today. It does have some flaws that makes you wonder who handles Samsung's QC.::Pluses::~Screen- Readable in all lighting, including sunlight. Text and Graphics are crisp~Keyboard- I found no problems typing on the included interface~Volume- Phone Ringer is very loud and easily heard in noisy environments~Camera- Takes solid pictures & has many options for taking the picture such as face detection, blink detection, etc~4G LTE- Service is very fast & generally runs above the advertised speeds of 6-12mb~LTE Switch- You can turn off the 4G radio when your not going to use it, saving battery life~Battery Life- Big improvement from the Thunderbolt, last for about a day with moderate use. If you remember to turn the 4G off when your not using it, it last even longer::Neutral::~Responsiveness- The touchscreen is generally responsive with no lag time when using it. The only time it begins to tire out is when your running many apps at once due to the small amount of RAM installed on the phone~Samsung's Touchwiz interface- not much to say other then you either love it or hate it~Call Quality- Callers say I sound fine on their end but when listening to them while loud and clear sound somewhat robotic::Minuses::~LED Indicator- There is None! Seems like someone in quality control overlooked this. There is no indicator light telling you that you have text messages or missed calls~Bloatware- The phone comes pre-installed with 3 pages worth of apps(48 total), most are useless and you cannot uninstall them, you can only reorder them in your app list~RAM- It only comes installed with only 328mb of ram. If you run many applications at once you will notice the phone slowing down a bit, which can be fixed by going into the built-in task mgr & ending apps/processes running that you don't need. For a high-end phone, more ram should have been included.::Final Word::I would buy this one for the battery life, the built-in ability to turn off the LTE, and because it has the best screen available on vzw today

Ahh, where to begin with this hunk of junk.Let's start with the beginning almost 2 years ago.  Within only a few days, the phone was noticeably slower.  But, whatever, I figured that happens with all phones.  Over the next 2 years, a laundry list of problems has developed that has made me despise my phone to the point that I want to go "Office Space" on it once my upgrade comes in about 2 months.-Let's see, I would say about 1/2 of the times I use the flash on the camera, it freezes the phone entirely, forcing me to pull the battery out to get it restarted.-It constantly locks up and restarts itself.-I would say... 80% of the phone calls I try to make freezes the "Dialer".  Whenever it freezes the Dialer, 1 of 2 things happens.  Either, it makes a phone call to the number I was trying to reach and gave up on about 5-10 minutes later and I only notice once I hear voices coming from my pocket, or it never makes any call at all.  Pick your poison on that one.-Forget trying to connect it to the PC to transfer files... it doesn't even get recognized anymore.  Don't know at what point that problem started.-Lately, texts from friends aren't coming through.  I'll get texts from friends asking why I'm not responding to them, if I'm mad at them, or why I'm ignoring them?  That's quite frustrating when your gf send you a list of groceries to pick up on the way home and you never get it and immediately get yelled at after walking in from work.  Thanks Samsung...-Opening any app slows the thing down to a crawl.-I have 2 games on the thing (I figured keeping it light would make it work better), but the one freezes about half of the time, so I just have to get rid of that now too.-The keyboard doesn't seem to want to work the majority of the time.  It'll recognize me touching the letters, it just won't input them into the message bar.  The only way to fix that is to lock it, wait about 5 minutes and try again.  Good times.So... there's more, I just don't feel like typing anymore.  All-in-all, I'd say the Droid Charge the droid charge isn't just the worst phone I've ever owned, it's one of the worst electronic devices I've ever owned, period.  Good riddance...

i have this phone for almost 2 years, this is 3rd phone and 2nd battery, it was replaced and still it is piece of JUNK, please don't buy it, also, worse is I got it from Verizon and NO support from them, made many calls to Samsung, chat with them, WORSE service on any devices I ever have experienced, very upset with them, although i have tablets, tv, refridge from them, very glad never needed service from them, they are just taking your money and never help you with any issue...... because there is no other justice, I am spreading my bad experience with Samsung all around internet...... shame on you Samsung

I upgraded early from the Droid Incredible to the Charge and have never looked back.  The first thing I noticed was the weight it is super light compared to phones like the HTC Thunderbolt.  The design appears pretty sleek and almost appear like they wanted to imitate carbon fiber on the back cover ( even though it is obviously not ).  The battery life is fair as far as touch screen phones go, the screen is a significant upgrade over my past phone as well as the OS I have liked most everything about it.  I would have prefered the small buttons in the front to have been touch screen tabbed like the Droid Incredible or HTC Thunderbolt but you cant win them all.

I got this phone recently. Very good battery life, no lagging whatsoever (except right after booting while things are initializing, same with all smartphones), AMAZING screen. the Samsung interface is different than what I'm used to, but it is easily changed to other things (I'm a fan of Go launcher). very bright and detailed, and I'm grateful for the built-in Swype. Been using it for awhile, Swype is definitely one of (if not THE) best input methods, and the large screen and smooth operation make it really fantastic.The 1GHz processor does well, it's not dual core, but that doesn't really matter in all of the multitasking I've done so far. (1GHz processor for a phone is kind of insane, we've come really far). Front and rear facing cameras are nice, and the LED flash for the rear facing works well.I haven't used the 4G yet (but will soon), so I can't comment on 4G data speeds, but 3G is pretty fast so far. I've heard talk that Verizon will start removing their unlimited data plans (possibly when the Verizon Iphone hits), and it is good to be locked into a 2-year unlimited data plan. Other Verizon smartphones might be a bit nicer in the future, but this phone doesn't need anything else, and if you wait for another phone, you run the risk of not getting in on the unlimited data plan.The phone is fairly large, but it is lightweight and still operable. I can operate it with one hand standing up, but if I am laying down I use two hands. If that is relevant to anyone..

I have been counting down the days till I can upgrade this horrible phone. I live in the DC area so our connection is decent. The only way I have ever gotten a full day out of a charge is if I spend the day on a wireless connection. I watch the battery die so fast that it can go before noon if I'm not careful. I have my little portable external battery to get me past times when I can't be charging it.The other thing is it's slow, slow to load aps, sometimes the key board freezes and is slow to respond. I have to reboot it almost every day. I am on the second battery and the second phone since I got this phone last Spring.When I launch the Gmail app it takes forever to load the new emails (my old original Motorola Droid was much faster).I'm also frustrated with how the satellite cannot find me when it's raining. I mean every single time it rains I can't use the satellite navigation.It has another fun thing it does when I make a call that requires entering numbers like say, calling the bank. I get a few numbers in, then the key pad goes black, then it comes back, but won't take the numbers. Finally the computer is asking me to enter the numbers again. I have to go to a landline for these types of calls. They replaced my old phone for this issue, and now the new one does it. The screen freezes frequently, where it just won't respond and I have to restart it.A little about how I use the phoneI don't play games, I don't watch videos.I check my email, I check FB, I text and I take pictures. Sometimes I hit the web or do a google search, or use the navigation feature. We're not talking heavy user here.My friends all make fun of me for my phone always dying or freezing. It happens so often that I can no longer defend it, and I am constantly being teased about how horrible my phone is.The only pros I can think of is the screen is beautiful and the call quality is great. It does take nice photos too.Come Jan 2013 I'm getting a Motorola Droid again.

I am a frequent traveler and work from my phone a lot more than the average user. I got this with the mindset that Samsung puts out good product and their phones are sharp. However, this is one of their flawed products. The reception is terrible, the gps rarely works and the camera at times will shut the phone off causing me to pull the battery. I've had many software upgrades and bug fixes downloaded. I've also had it replaced twice now and it seems the build for the phone is all the same. Some pro's are that the screen is nice and its an android phone but thats about it. I can't wait till my upgrade so I can get rid of this paper weight.

This has got to be one of the best phones I have ever had. I use it for everything. It is reliable and I don't understand the negative reviews. This phone has more than met my expectations. I usually don't write reviews but I had to respond to the negative reviews that have been posted. There seems to be a wide range of opinion about this phone but I am completely satisfied and in fact, this phone has exceeded my expectations. It is like having a computer in your pocket.

Overall this is a good phone, the biggest issue I have is the battery life which I think has more to do with the bloatware then the battery itself. It's ridiculous the amount of pre-installed apps that I cannot delete including games that I have no interest in. An LED to let you know of missed calls, texts, etc would have been nice. The size of the phone is nice and the screen is beautiful. The 4G speed is noticeably faster, but so is the battery drain.The bootup screen has terrible long noisy crashing/ breaking glass sounds and this wouldn't be so much of a problem if it didn't just reboot itself from time to time. Also on the topic of horrible sounds, twice through each battery cycle, the phone has a full volume BEEP BEEP to alert you of low battery. There is no way to turn this off, adjust the volume or the sound. This even occurs if the phones is in silent or vibrate modes. I like to let my battery drain all the way down before charging and this is really annoying. Especially when in a meeting at work or SLEEPING and the alert occurs. I'm going to root this phone if for no other reason than to get rid of this sound.The speakerphone is not very good. Voices get fuzzy even at the lowest setting and turned all the way up, it's practically inaudible. I like to use this while I'm driving, but it is basically worthless because the audio quality is so poor.The camera takes pretty nice pictures but what is up with not allowing you to use the camera when the battery is low. I don't care, that the battery is at 10%, I want to take a picture.The battery is pretty bad. I know that it has a big screen and is a 4G phone, but even with the data antenna turned off and not using the screen at all, I often see huge chunks of my battery disappear even when I'm not using it and often with all antennas turned off. For example overnight with nothing running and no data antennas on, I usually lose 20% - 30% of my battery when I check it the next morning. I have tried every task killer and battery optimizer app out there and adjusted settings for optimal battery life with little change. Also, this thing charges pretty slow.

I purchased the Samsung Charge 3 days ago. I am very happy with the phone and the features.It is very fast and has a beautiful, high res screen. The camera takes fantastic photos and movies.It is very lightweight. I guess this could be considered both good and bad.

The Battery is awfulIt freezes constantlyBattery pulls are required constantlyStartup takes nearly 5 minutesIt has the hideous TouchWizIt didn't receive the Gingerbread update for nearly a yearIt may be 4G but it never picks up a signalDO NOT GET THIS PHONE.  DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!  I cannot stress this enough.  YOU.  WILL.  HATE.  IT.

I joined the rush to get in on at least two years of unlimited LTE data and made the switch to Verizon by ordering a Charge for myself and anHTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)for my wife.  We're both switching from an AT&T; Iphone 3g and use the phone as our only personal phones.  I've used aT-Mobile G2 with Google Android Phone (T-Mobile)as my work phone for the past 8 months or so.Overview: The high end Android phone ecosystem moves very fast, and at this point the Charge has some minor shortcomings already pointed out in other reviews, namely it's lack of RAM and "dated" single core processor.  This has not impacted me yet, and games like Plants vs. Zombies and Fieldrunners both play smoothly; every day phone UI navigation is as snappy as you could want.  Additionally, the phone is still shipping with Android 2.2 which is a definite step back in terms of functionality and speed compared to 2.3, though some of these shortcomings are covered by Touchwiz, the UI layer Samsung puts on their phone (toggles in notification bar, etc).Size:  The charge is a big phone, make  no mistake.  That said, I was surprised to put my iPhone 3g and the incredible 2 next to it.  It's bigger in most dimensions, but not noticeably so.  I expected to need a belt holster (fashion faux-pax or not), and may still buy one, but it's certainly pocketable (at least with the relatively baggy khaki's I wear to work).  It feels good in the hand, though it's a little bit slippery.  I would prefer capacitive buttons, but the physical buttons are growing on me, and my phone seems well put together.Display: The display is the reason to buy this phone.  Absolutely stunning blacks and just a beautiful screen.  Readable at nearly any angle and in bright, direct sunlight, it's by far the best display I've ever had on a phone.  The display justifies the purchase to me completely.Software: As mentioned above, to this date the phone is still running 2.2, which I find a little ridiculous for a flagship LTE phone, but enterprise software development is what it is.  This is my first Touchwiz phone and I don't mind it, though Sense seems to have a better collection of default widgets.  I switched to Go Launcher immediately.  Verizon has positively stuffed this phone with bloatware.  There is plenty of space available, but no way to remove all the vcast apps, verizon navigation, or other bundled junk.  While I understand an alarming percentage of smartphone customers never load their own apps, there is a much better way to do this -- put stubs in so that on first launch the app is installed, and make those stubs removable/hideable.Performance:  I've only had the phone for a short while at this point, but it's snappy and responsive with only occasional lag after lots of app start/stops and navigation, mostly seen while first customizing the phone.  Battery life seems acceptable and I'm sure I'll get through at least a long day (which includes some time without service in subway tunnels, during which I'm probably playing a graphically intense game, an hour or so playing podcasts or music, and an average number of data widgets running).Network:  I haven't traveled far yet, but I'm switching from AT&T; (and use a T-Mobile HSPA+ phone for work).  I live in the NYC area.  So far the coverage is living up to it's reputation, lasting longer into subway platforms, stronger inside buildings, and quicker to acquire a signal when coming in from poor coverage.  The 4G/LTE network is blazing fast and absolutely worth the premium verizon charges for their plans.Misc: I had some trouble with the order and activation process.  Amazon shipped very quickly and we were porting numbers.  The phones could not be activated until the day after they were received because the port request had been held.  I understand the reasoning, but it was a bit inconvenient.  Unfortunately once I did get the phone activated I ran into my next problem -- everything worked flawlessly, except the _phone_.  I can place and receive calls, but there is no audio for either party.  Verizon support confirmed this was a hardware problem and sent me to the store; the store redid all the troubleshooting and reached the same conclusion, only to tell me because I'd purchased from Amazon I couldn't in fact get a replacement from them.  Reasonable enough, but the phone support should have been able to tell me that.  Amazon customer service was fast and efficient, overnighting a replacement phone.Conclusion:  Early: At this point having passed the unlimited data cut-off, I would strongly consider waiting on the Galaxy SII, which should have at least as good a display and slightly updated hardware and software.  That said, if you need something today (as I did trying to beat the data limit clause) this phone is worth the discounted price Amazon is selling it for.  I'm relatively confident I can live with it happily for two years, though if updates remain slow I may be rooting it to keep up on the software side.I will update this review after living with the phone for a week or two.

I purchased a Droid Charge 4 weeks ago. I've never owned an Android device before.Here are the 3 things I like most about the phone, in order of desirability:LIKES#1. 4.3" Display.The large, bright screen makes web browsing and using Android applications a relatively comfortable, even enjoyable experience. Turn your phone sideways (landscape) and set text to auto-fit the size of the viewable window when web browsing for a doable albeit somewhat compromised internet experience.Additionally, colors are vibrant and touch sensitivity is perfect. Once you get used to the phone's touch interface, you'll hardly ever have to zoom in to click small buttons or links on webpages. Crisp colors and super brightness settings really help guide your finger in to touch the right spot on the screen, however small it may be.#2. 4G Data.4G is to cable internet what cable internet was to dial up in the 90s. 4G is your high speed home connection now, only faster, and it fits in your pocket.Once you try 4G, 3G is like hearing finger nails scraping against a chalk board. 3G is only tolerable for GPS or for very light mission critical web browsing. Forget about Youtube or streaming music.#3. Physical main menu keysI really like how the main menu keys -- the single row of 4 buttons on the bottom of the phone -- don't occupy any virtual screen real estate. That means you get to squeeze every last centimeter out of the 4.3" display.I also like the sense of security I get knowing that I can mash physical buttons in case an application locks up or gets bogged down. Having a physical home key button is sort of like having CTRL + ALT + DELETE keys on Windows; comes in very handy at the right times.Here are the 3 things I like least about this phone, in order of mental anguish inflicted.DISLIKES#1: Battery life.This is a phone that must remain plugged in if you frequently use 4G internet, in which case you can expect around 3.5 hours of battery life.But, if you aren't constantly on your phone, and you turn off mobile data, and GPS, and all of the apps you don't need, the battery lasts a long time. I routinely leave my phone on all night like this and wake up to it having 90% battery.I think a large number of people were effectively tricked into purchasing the Droid Charge because it was rumored to have defeated the 4G battery issue. That's just not the case. It's got the same battery life problems as every other 4G phone, but when you turn off mobile data, the battery life significantly improves.In any case, it's a non-issue if you're geek enough to take your phone charger with you when you're out. I personally have a pure sine wave inverter for my carSamlex PST -15S -12A 150 Watt DC-AC Pure Sine Wave Inverter - 12V, and take my regular power cord with me if I know I'm going to do virtual work on my phone for several hours.#2. The plastic coating.This is a very slippery phone. I have a bad record of dropping phones on concrete; this phone's exterior finish doesn't help in the slightest. This phone feels like it wants to slide out of my own hand half the time I'm holding it, let alone any surface it might be perched on temporarily. I intend to solve this by purchasing an Otterbox Defender.#3. The price.At $250 on Amazon with contract, it's not inexpensive. But with the power of 4G and the productivity of Android in mind, the price is justifiable -- for the time being, e.g. the next 4-6 weeks from the date of this review.CONCLUSIONI like it, but the phone leaves much to be desired. It will probably be obsolete in very short order, and will lose most of its appeal at that point. There's nothing special to see here. If you're comfortable with taking power cables with you everywhere and you love 4G internet, this phone is as good as any.

The Charge certainly has a lovely display, and LTE (Verizon's version of 4G) is definitely fast for a phone, but the phone has problems that need to be fixed:There are plenty of reviews that deal with the phone's features, and with its good and bad points.  This review is mainly about the problems that I had with the phone.I'm not a newcomer to Android phones; I've had one or another since the G1 came out for T-Mobile.  I know what to do in order to increase battery life, make the phone operate faster, etc.DATA SPEED: 4G speed was in the 5-8 Mb/s range, while 3G clocked at 1.4-1.8 Mb/s.  This was in a smaller metro area, population-wise. I'm told that LTE/4G speeds in large cities can be faster.DISPLAY: The display looks good, although the colors didn't always seem to be correct.  It also seemed to be over-saturated (the colors were unrealistically rich).  I'm not a camera user, so I have no opinion on how that works.Here are the problems:INTERFACE: The Charge's TouchWiz is annoyingly slow.  Screen-changing lags considerably until all of the many preinstalled widgets are removed; that helps speed things up a bit. Selecting a shortcut can take up to 45 seconds from the time the home-screen is pressed until all of the various menus.  This can be alleviated somewhat by getting a different launcher (i.e. Go Launcher EX), but it still lags more than other phones I've had.SCREEN BUG WHILE IN CALL: Don't plan on using the Charge for anything else while you're making a call, unless you have it on the home screen.  Exiting via the Menu or Back buttons brings you to the home screen---and the phone's screen will then turn on and off, seemingly at will.  Unlock the screen, and it will turn back off.  Trying to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off.  I was able to exit to the main screen and QUICKLY choose an icon, but the screen still turned on and off.LIGHT SENSOR BUGGED: The screen changed back and forth from dim to bright, even with the phone in a stationary location.  This happened on many apps and long before the the screen timeout of 2 minutes was reached.BATTERY LIFE IS HORRIBLE:  After tweaking everything to conserve battery and even installing 2X Battery Saver to turn off the data connection when the screen was off, the phone still only lasted about 4 hours, this with very light usage.  It may last longer than the Thunderbolt, but it certainly isn't acceptable to me.  If you insist on getting this phone, you should consider buying an extended-life battery, carrying an extra battery (or two) around, or keeping a charger nearby.GPS:  The GPS took almost 2 minutes to find the satellites and get an exact fix, even standing outside in an open area.The Charge doesn't quite seem ready for prime-time, a problem that seems to plague all SamsungAndroid phones that I've seen.

After using my Samsung Charge Android Verizon phone for the past month, I must say I'm very disappointed in it.  First, may I say I'm quite experienced in mobile devices and computers, being in IT for 30 years and having owned over 15 smartphones over the years, including iPhones, BlackBerries, and Windows Mobile.  On the pro side, the Charge has a nice display, and 4G data service is REALLY fast when it's available, which for me isn't too often.  The Verizon data service is more reliable in that it doesn't get clogged like AT&T's 3G service does in major metro areas.  I haven't had a dropped call yet.  And I get access to the filesystem.  Now, on to the problems.  The Charge uses battery power amazingly fast.  I couldn't go more than 8 hours of minimal use with the standard battery.  With the extended battery, which weighs a lot and makes the handheld huge, only goes about 14 hours before being at 10%.  And I don't even have WiFi or Bluetooth or GPS or mobile hotspot turned on, and have few data sync apps going.  It can barely keep the same charge when powered through a USB port or a car battery.  Only with the AC adapter will it charge more quickly, and even that takes 3x as long as my BlackBerry.  The user interface is very slot and inconsistent.  It takes a good five seconds to get to the phone screen after pressing the phone icon.  Entering a calendar entry start time took me 20 sec once while the phone was doing who knows what.  No, I haven't loaded on any malware or CPU-hogging apps.  Button presses don't always take, or if they do there's no change while it thinks, so I don't know that it recognized the press and I press again.  Updating an app fails about half the time.  Apps crash regularly, including mainstream ones like Pandora and Meebo.  The GPS is next to useless; it can take 10 minutes to acquire a signal and start doing turn-by-turn directions.  The camera is so-so, but it regularly gives moir&eacute; patterns, and it crashes the whole phone if I use the flash (I have to reboot).  When I turn off the sound, apps still can make sounds.  I need a separate file transfer app that rarely works the second time after a reboot.  The On button is poorly placed opposite the volume button, so I often press it when pressing the volume button.  Sometimes I can't answer a call; I swipe to accept it but the screen is totally unresponsive.  The data service often goes between 4G, 3G, and 1X all within 20 minutes of sitting in the exact same spot.  You have to kludge together Outlook integration with a couple different apps that are hard to configure, whereas it's easy on the iPhone.  The Gmail app UI is pretty bad.  Voice quality is warbly.  I can't believe I'm going to have to live with this thing for two years!

Seriously - there are so huge deficiencies here that someone for sure hasn't been doing their job. Did the people at Samsung actually try this phone before they started selling it?If they had, here are some examples of obvious deficiencies they would have caught:*) It is using auto completion when you are typing in the names of your contacts. For example: you try to find the phone number of Mathias but it _won't let you_ type that, and instead suggests something totally off.*) The GPS is really bad. If often puts you on the wrong street or in the wrong neigborhood when my wife's phone puts you right on the spot.*) It takes an absurd number of clicks to make phone calls. This is really dangerous if you have to make one from your car.*) You can't turn the screen off while in camera mode. That means you can never be standby to take shots because it takes half a minute to turn the camera on.These are just a few examples. This phone is just a really clunky and unfinished user experience. Avoid!(But yeah, the 4G is fast. Faster than the WiFi in my office actually)

Samsung Droid Charge is awesome!! Beautiful screen, light weight, good battery life, amazing 8mp camera oh and 4G LTE!! I get an average of 15.34mbs download speed and 6.47mbs upload speed with Verizon true 4G network.

I upgraded to the Samsung Droid Charge from an HTC Incredible to take advantage of the bigger screen, 4g, and mobile HotSpot capabilities.  Unfortunately, I had to sacrifice some other (very important) base features... like Bluetooth.  I have a hands-free system built into my car which I have grown very accustom to.  I also like to listen to music and audible from phone while I commute to work.  Sadly, the Bluetooth driver has some very annoying drawbacks.  First, you can only have a conversation with someone if the phone jack is disconnected.  Anytime I make or receive a call, I have to unplug the headphone jack to be heard.  I tried to solve this by purchasing a Bluetooth audio receiver (assuming that if it is the jack that is the problem, I just remove it from the equation). So purchased a 'Miccus BluBridge mini-jack Rx' receiver and paired it to the phone.  However, it would never connect.  Reading the support page from miccus, it says that they have a problems with Samsung phones.  After reviewing several forums on the topic, it became apparent that the Droid Charge has several problems with Bluetooth.  Some people had echoed similar problems to mine but others had far worse issues.  It is a bit disappointing and frustrating being married to a pricey two year contract with Verizon and ending up with a piece of half-baked technology and a costly educational experience.

2 months ago I was like you, sifting through all the reviews here on the Droid Charge, trying to figure out if it should be the new smartphone I should buy. I read many negative reviews about battery life, performance, etc., and quite a few good ones, too.However, I was still confused, so I went to the nearest Verizon store and actually looked at one (and others) and tried it out. There is nothing like holding it in your hand and using it! It immediately felt good to me compared to others, and I liked its performance as well. I got a "sixth sense" that this was my phone, regardless of battery life, complaints about "if it only did this" by tech heads, etc.I highly urge you to read the reviews here, but then actually go see it, use it, and then decide. Any piece of equipment is relative to your needs and what turns you on about a product. For me, buying the Droid Charge was a total success, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase.I can't say it will be right for you, but I can say this: overall, Samsung makes great products. The screen is fantastic, the OS makes sense and has neat features, the performance is great - for me, this is a big, bright beautiful phone that does everything I need, and that's the bottom line.Good luck!p.s. - I bought it through Amazon wireless and saved $90 over Verizon! Also, I bought the "Samsung microUSB Car Charger with USB Cable" for $9 - this way, I can charge the phone in my car, then detach the USB cable and plug it in to my PC and keep it charged wherever I go.

I had this phone for a week. Should have known when they provided extra battery with the dock. I killed one battery in one week. The phone constantly froze up. 4 g phones arent there yet. Gamers and kids are getting sucked in.

Whether you buy a phone, tv, Blu-ray player.  If you buy it from Samsung do not expect any support.  Firmware updates stop after 6 months,  even when there are problems with the device.  When it comes to the Samsung Droid Charge it is not any different.  This phone obviously has problems that firmware can fix, even before it is released and Samsung will fix it when it is good and ready and no sooner.  There are going to be plenty of 4G phones coming so wait a few months and get a reliable phone from a reliable company.  Not Samsung.

Will try to touch on areas other reviews have not mentioned.I am a senior citizen and this is my first smart phone. I was able to pick up on almost everything just from playing around with it a bit - everything except how to answer the phone when it rang. Finally called Samsung support. Agent did not have the best English and did not understand my question. Got to a supervisor who was easier to understand and who did understand the question.**When phone is ringing and it is dark, scroll down from the very top left to bring up the phone., Then scroll the green button to answer.**This phone has the highest hearing aid compatibility rating there is and works very well with my hearing aids - no lost words, no static - everything is great.  My old phone dropped about 1 word in 3.Phone does get quite warm when used.Very poor battery life, especially if using any of the apps. OK if only using it for a regular phone, but not if want to do anything else. 4G internet use heats phone up and depletes the battery. Playing Angry Birds also really depletes battery. One reason I purchased this phone was to help keep the grandchildren occupied (frequently fly coast-coast with one) so the battery depletion rate is a big negative for me.My screen is set to turn off after 30 sec, but it frequently turns itself off in only 5-10 seconds.  I have to press the power button to turn the screen back on.No manual anywhere. If one clicks on the ask a question button on the Samsung droid charge website, one is sent to a dead page.Name stinks. Samsung - try searching for 'droid charge' and see what you come up with. Name makes it difficult to search for accessories; wish you had picked a different one.Also wish you sold a good protective case.I purchased the phone 1 week ago - the first day it was offered for sale.UPDATE: Had the phone almost 2 months now.  Love it even more as I find more and more things it can do.  Just purchased a house and have been using it to connect my laptop to the internet as we don't have internet service yet (can't believe how frustrating and time consuming it can be to deal with V.. and CC for service. Understand other major providers are the same.)  Having this phone takes the urgency off of getting a major provider. Husband has even agreed that it was money well spent!UPDATE: April 2012 - The latest update has greatly improved battery life. Still not great, but noticeably better!

Got sick of waiting for iPhone5 and upgraded to Droid Charge. What a great phone - it has everything I need and more. Beautiful bright screen, overall great options, tons of features that are easy to use and customize. Battery life is okay - on average day it lasts me about a day, day-and-half, but coming from BlackBerry Storm it's fine with me. Purchased an extra charger and a car charger, which should take care of things. So far so good!

I've had this phone for a year and a half and I can NOT wait to get rid of it. The Music Player turns on by itself randomly and seems to play the same song every time. It's very slow, freezes a lot. I restart it a few times a day. Sometimes I would text and nothing appears on the screen, restart again. I would try to make a call and have to wait 5 minutes for it to register and it might not even make the call and just switches to the home screen. Very frustrating.... But you know how it is.. they'll put out a new phone and design it to only last a couple of years. My boyfriend still has a flip phone to text and call and uses his tablet for everything else. I think I'll do the same.

I nearly made a big mistake. I had decided based on specs and reviews to get this phone, but when we went to the store to check it out, the web access on their display model was very glitchy. So my wife and I decided to get iphones. Couple of days later, I went into a different store to take a 2nd look at the iphone, and ended up looking at the Droid Charge again.Awesome! I compared picture and video quality and found both on the Charge to be superior to the IPhone. Web access was also smooth and fast.We've had the phones now for a couple of days and I'm excited as a kid on Christmas morning every time I use it. (Confession: I'm new to smartphones, so that may account for some it.) The screen is beautiful, big, crystal clear and bright- what more could you ask for? I live in Vegas and we have 4G coverage, so it's fast. Just made my first call and was pleased to find that the call quality was crisp and clear. (Seems like that would be a no-brainer, but from some of the reviews I've read, apparently it's not.)It's a bit large, the small price you pay for that big screen, but the shell/hoslter combo (by Verizon, with a kickstand!)that I got to hold it works perfectly. I don't know how practical it would be to try and carry it in my pocket, and I've always worn phones on my belt, so this works exactly like every other phone I've carried- only 10,000,000 times better, of course...Verizon wanted $350 for the phone. AmazonWirelss sells it for $180. Hello....? Very happy with AmazonWirelss and ecstatic with the phone.

I have a desk charger. give it a new battery everyday. Have to keep hitting the screen to answer phone. Cant see in the sunlight. I am going back to buy a real phone. I do not need a dumb toy. What a waste of $300 bucks.

The Samsung Droid Charge is my first smart phone.  It has a wonderful 4G connection for data that is very, very fast.  The screen is great.  The major drawback is the battery.  With the 4G on, the battery life is somewhere between 4-6 hours typically.This phone really acts like a mini-tablet with phone capabilities.  When I first had this phone, I was troubled by the poor quality of battery life.  I am not the only one, since if you do a search, you can find plenty of secondary vendors offering huge battery packs for the phone.  I did some research about two months after having the phone and I found the solution: turn off the 4G.Turning off the 4G is pretty simple.  Use the drawdown menu at the top of the phone screen and turn off the data.  With the data off, it behaves like any other phone and you can get 48 hours of standby time.Other issues I encountered with this phone are the dizzying array of apps for preserving power.  The biggest problem:  they interfered with the 4G operation.  I have dumped them all.  I am my own juice defender now.The other issue with 4G is the apps use the 4G constantly, contributing to the battery drain.  Many of the apps push data into the phone constantly.  I am still trying to figure out how to tailor these apps to use the 4G only when I need it.  The easiest fix is to turn off the 4G when I am not using it.The phone is pretty big, but I am working around that issue.  If you have a big screen, the phone is going to be big, no matter how thin it is.Overall, I would rate this phone as inferior to the iPhone 4S (my spouse's), but a lot of it comes from a lack of manuals and technical support.  You have to work with this phone; the phone does not work with you.  If there were some more support when you buy this phone, expectations would be different.  As it is, you have to learn the "ins and outs" of this phone.  Comparatively, I do not believe my spouse ever thought twice about her iPhone 4S.UPDATE:I have now had the phone nearly 2 years.  Some of the issues with the phone are still issues today.  This is a 1st generation 4G phone and had a lot of issues.1. The power drain and battery life are terrible.  I went from a cell phone with 2 weeks of stanby time and 5 hours of talk time to a phone with 4 hours of standby time and 2 hour of talk time.  The Droid Charge is well below my expectations in this part and is the biggest failure of the phone.  Shame on you Samsung for sending out a substandard product.2. The 4G surfing is wonderful and quick.  I cannot imagine going back to a slower phone with 3G.  However, while the 4G is everywhere now, it was only in a few select cities when I bought the phone.  When not in a 4G area, the power drain is especially high and the phone can get HOT.3. In fact, the only way you know something is not right with your phone is because it becomes HOT.  The apps run regardless of how you try to manage them. When they are downloading when you are sitting on a subway or in a meeting, the hotter the phone becomes.  This is not a good thing because the hotter your phone gets the less battery life you have.4. The audio quality is poor and became worst over time.  Aside from the battery, this is next biggest flaw in the phone.  I had much better sound quality from Motorola and Blackberry phones.  As a primary function, this failure is inexcusible.  Shame on you Samsung.5. The Android OS is excellent, but good luck getting updates.  The phone came out a month or two before the "gingerbread" OS update, but it took nearly 6 months to receive the update.  Whereas the Apple OS is updated regularly and increases functionality, Android is basically WYSIWYG when you buy it.  Samsung is not in the business to update the OS, but to sell you new phones.  Shame on you Samsung, you turned me away from your products.

All I can say is if anyone has seen the Terminator movie, when machines are in control, this phone would make you believe that one day it could happen.  The phone starts apps by itself, makes calls by itself, rearranges contact names & phone numbers by itself, and shuts off by itself. This is one of the weirdest phones I have ever had.  It was funny when it started but now I am completely frustrated and can't wait until the new Iphone arrives.  I will never buy a droid product again.  The battery life is terrible. If you actually use the phone & make calls the phone will last maybe 5 hours if your lucky.  If you use the internet cut that to 3-4 hours. No car charger will actually charge this phone.  It will only keep the battery from further draining.  I bought this phone because I'm in the car a lot and even though I heard the battery life wasn't good I thought that I would be charging the battery in the car. Wrong!!  I bought the extended battery but don't waste your money, it's just as bad.  The only plus about this phone is that the battery cover is easy to take off so that I can turn this damn phone off quickly!! So if you're looking for a laugh or two, & just carry a phone in your pocket all day without using it, this phone is perfect for you.  But if you actually need a phone to talk to people, or need to use the internet and email DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!

I bought the Droid Charge b/c others reviewed it as having better battery life than other Verizon 4G smartphones. However, the battery life is awful and I am returning the phone. I took all appropriate measures to extend the battery life but continued to experience very poor performance. I strongly advise against buying this phone.

After weeks of researching and comparing, taking price, durability, performance, weight, and lots more into consideration, I decided to go with the Charge.The back of the case is plastic and scratches easily, which is not a big deal for me as I have purchased a Kraken case for it. The glass seems to be very scratch resistant, although to be honest I have been carrying it around like an eggshell filled with uranium (still waiting for case to be delivered).The 7-screen setup is fantastic, in my opinion. you can arrange and rearrange your apps to your heart's content and have everything organized to suit your needs.I was a Blackberry user, so the speed on this thing is still kind of mind-boggling. There are occasional lags, but by "lag" I mean "not in the blink of an eye".It is big, but compared to any but the newest and most expensive, it is amazingly lightweight - really not significantly heavier than my old Curve.Last, but not least, I paid a penny for it. A penny.So - after 2 weeks, I could not be happier with this phone. I thought the transition between BB and Android would be harder, or at least more annoying, but this hasn't been the case. I am now a convert to the Church of the Droid.

I wanted to upgrade to a smartphone but was confused to say the least. I didn't want to wait on the IPhone5 & after reading review after review on the Thunderbolt, I knew the Droid Charge was for me. I love this phone! If I had to describe it in 1 word......SEXY. It's sleek, lightweight, blazing fast 4G & the screen is amazing. Yes, it is a bit pricey @ $300.00 but you get what you pay for and it is soooo worth it. No regrets here & I am loving my Droid Charge. Buy it.....you will thank me.

I upgraded from the Fasinate, which was a pretty good phone.  I got this mainly because I was eligable for an upgrade and I like new things.  I was torn between this and the iPhone 4s.  I worked them both side by side for a bit (at Best Buy) and found the Charge to be a bit (quite a bit actually) faster on internet searches. Being that I was more familier with the Droid and how it operates, I decided on the Charge.  Plus it was more than $100.00 cheaper, and I have a Ipod touch.  So far so good.  The battery is fine, the graphics are fantastic, and it is very easy to operate.  In a nut shell, yes, I do recommend this phone for entry level smart phone users to experienced.  I do not think you will be diappointed.

While I generally like this phone very much, I did want to point out some minor drawbacks to it:1. No LED light. I don't mind this too much as I never used the LED for anything but seeing if the phone was charging or not.2. Bottom buttons...I prefer touch-sensitive buttons. These you physically have to push in and they feel a bit flimsy3. Power button - its on the right instead of the top. Not a huge deal but it's a different layout than other phones I've used4. Bloatware/TouchWiz. I'm not a big fan of Samsung's software (its horrible compared to Sense), or the tons of apps they put on there that you can't remove, or the ugly brown color scheme. Most of this can be resolved by rooting the phone and putting a custom ROM on there5. Charged notification and powerup sound. What are they thinking have it do an audible notification when it is charged (in the middle of the night?) and also the power up droid sound is very annoying, especially if you need to restart your phone somewhere where you need to be discrete. I can't fault this phone entirely for this though since these issues affect other Droid phones as well.6. This may have a better processor than most Droids out there, but I see no difference. It's not more responsive than any other Droid I've used. (I should also mention that this comes with a crappy class 2 SD card, which certainly doesn't help anything)Now on to the good stuff:1. The AMOLED screen is very nice. I have no complaints about it2. The battery life is pretty good, but it drains quickly sometimes (could be 4G signal issues). I've ended up getting an extended battery and now have to charge it once a day. With my other Droid phone, I was having it go dead 2/3 of the day in so this is an improvement.

I have to admit, even though I am technical and pretty decent with computers, I am WAY behind the smartphone curve (I have never texted!) So my first purchase was the Samsung Charge. My reasoning: 1) Verizon will eliminate unlimited 4G soon and 2) of my three 4G choices, it had the best battery life and for me, the screen matters. I bought my phone last weekend (at Costco - don't hate me) and I am VERY happy with it. Prior to getting this phone, I used an Apple IPOD as my travel companion for games, books, maps, ... This phone takes the place of the IPOD, my dumb phone, and my camera. The battery easily lasts for 12 hours of use consisting of web browsing, software downloads (I am still adding apps to make it the ultimate travel companion), and reading email. I love it. It's fast, has a general good build quality (much better than other phones I looked at ... ). I wish it was global (note the Incredible 2 is, but it is only a 3G phone so you don't lock in 4G data). Another downside is it is so new, finding an extended battery seems to be tougher than I thought. Note at one time the Charge 4G was also called the Stealth. Anyway, I give it a big recommendation and I am very picky. Good luck!PS. Google voice, maps, ... works great with this phone (Google products in general seem to work much better with Android - no mystery here).Update (3 weeks of usage):I am very happy with my purchase. Here are some additional positives:1. you can pull down a menu and turn on/off: Wireless, Bluetooth, GPS, Mobile Date, Auto Rotation> turning off mobile data you can still make/receive calls but it greatly enhances battery life.2. fit and finish of this phone is very high (much better IMO than Motorola, have not compared it to HTC)3. Android has a very similar application (main stream) selection to the iPhone4. Android has a superior widgets (ex. airplane mode, screen brightness, ...)Negatives:1. compatible accessories are lacking - extended battery, inductive charging back, ...?Update 10-27-11Well after using the phone now a good period of time, here are some more observations:1. When someone says Samsung doesn't provide software updates and they only seem to care about the next big thing - it's 110% true.2. Juice Defender doesn't work on this phone because the firmware is screwed up (2.2), too bad because it can really save battery life.3. Getting your GPS to lock sometimes can take minutes, so if you know you are going to need it, turn it ASAP.4. The phone would be a truly great phone if Samsung supported it.5. Android could be great if Google unified their updates and forced compliance, but they don't.6. If you want a care free phone you don't have to mess with, buy an iPhone.Update 11-13-11Decided to try "rooting" my phone to install a custom version of Gingerbread. This is a first for me and yes, it invalidates the warranty so YMMV. It turned out to be relatively easy and now I am much happier with the phone. The phone is much faster (~2x), it finds GPS quickly, and I like the Gingerbread edit much better than Froyo 2.2. Plus, I am no longer waiting for the long delayed over-the-air upgrade.

Had the Charge for 3 weeks, at the same time my wife got a Droid incredible 2 so I had a chance to compare them side by side for a while.Performance - win DINC2The Charge seems a bit sluggish at times opening apps and flipping between screens. When that happens the phone is usually low on RAM and I have to kill some tasks. The DINC2 has 768 MB vs 512 MB on the Charge. That seems to make a big difference. The ton of bloatware on the Charge does not help either.Screen - win ChargeThe bigger Super-AMOLED on the Charge winsCall quality - win ChargeMy wife complains sometimes about low call quality on the DINC2, no such problem on the ChargeData speeds - win ChargeLTE is indeed super fast. I live in the Dallas area and i get great LTE coverage. If you don't get LTE this is a tie.Software - win DINC2HTC Sense is more polished and easier to use then Samsungs TouchWiz. You get more usefull apps and widgets and less crapware. The incredible was updated to Android 2.3 while the Charge is stuck at 2.2. And if you care about it, the DINC2 is much easyer to root then the Charge.Battery life - win DINC2The DINC2 goes for 48 hrs or more with moderate to heavy use. The Charge goes about 20 hrs under the same load. I squeezed 34 hrs out of the Charge by turning down the screen brightness and turning off background data and auto-sync and carefully managing runing apps.Price - win DINC2Overall I would pick the Droid Incredible 2 over the Charge, especially if you don't care for, or can not get LTE. LTE is nice and fast but honestly I don't get much practical use out of the insane speeds. The stuttering interface and relativ low battery life however are realy annoying issues.

This is my first phone with Verizon after coming from an iPhone 4 on ATT. I've been very happy with Verizon's network, but this phone is a piece of crap. For starters, Samsung/Verizon haven't released the update for this phone - it's still running Android 2.2.1 and they refuse to announce any estimated date for an update. That may not be a big deal to some users, but this phone was supposed to be the cream of the crop and it just isn't if they don't provide the update to current versions of the Android platform.As most other owners will tell you, the battery sucks on this thing too. I've managed to tweak a bunch of settings and if I don't use it much it may last the day without a charge, but that's not very common. Starting my day at 9am with a full charge, my normal use kills the battery by about 7pm. That's maybe 15 calls, browsing, email, and that's about it. I don't even watch movies or listen to music on the thing.Speaking of media, the screen is impressive but don't even think of using it at normal brightness unless you're near a charger because it'll run the battery down in no time. The music player isn't terribly impressive either. I also purchased a movie on my Charge but it won't let me play it over the micro HDMI output (says it violates copyrights) which to me, defeats the purpose. If I have a phone that has an HDMI output, and I have a TV with an HDMI input, and I pay $10 for a movie, I should be able to play that movie on my own TV.Speaking generally, this phone is really, REALLY buggy and causes a lot of frustration. It randomly restarts (sometimes when it's been sitting untouched on my desk for hours), and it frequently freezes up when opening/closing apps. The camera is OK for still shots but if there's any movement whatsoever, you're just ending up with a blurry photo.You're obviously free to purchase whatever phone you want, but I've given up and am selling my Samsung Charge, and I vow to never buy another Samsung phone. I wish I had done a little more research on Samsung's record of updating their products, but at least it's only 4 months old so I can still get a decent price for my used phone.

TOTAL JUNK. Do not buy this phone. It's the worst phone i have ever used. It will not sync with my 45K 2011 Dodge Ram Pickup or with any of the other bluetooth devices from various brands i own. When on a call and vmail ask's if you want to save or delete, the screen is black and you have to restart the pnone to access the dial pad. Same thing when you want to end a call. The disply screen timeout is set to 10 mins yet goes dark in seconds when your on a call. when i called india, oops i mean tech support, they cant help and blame the other devices and have no fix for the screen timeout issue. Also there is no sweetspot for the speaker/ ear end to hear very well.

I had high hopes for this phone as it was my first smart phone and my hopes were quickly dashed when I started using this piece of junk from Samsung. The battery can barely last a few hours and if you take photos with the phone, it will drain from 100% to 0% in just a few hours. The sound quallity is ok for phone calls, but battery life is awful. Not sure what Samsung was thinking when they released this phone. Please don't buy this phone.

The Samsung Droid 4G Charge phone by Verizon Wireless is a worthless piece of electonic junk. This gem turns your 4g experience into a living nightmare. Let me count the ways it sucks: 1.) It is always dropping calls. 2.) it is always losing the 4g network and sometimes it won't connect to the 3g network. 3.) Sometimes it gets very slow and can take up to 10 seconds to back to your home page. Sometimes it never makes it there. '4.) Apps will hang up regulary, requiring a reboot. 5.) The voice recognition is terrible. I will often dial a number in your phone book that doesn't even remotely sound like what you said. 6.) The blue tooth connection is always dropping off. 7.) The bluetooth connection doesn't want to connect at times until you turn it off and on a number of times, or reboot. 8.) The battery is anemic and can ony handle 2.5 hours of continuous use. On a regular day I will get around half a day's use out of it. 9.) The battery will overheat if you try to use it while using a car charger, i.e., GPS while driving. and lastly, 10.) today it send some messages on its own in triplicate. I sent two messages after that and they were also in triplicate. Who designed this thing, Microsoft???? Stay away from the Samsung Charge. This is my second Charge already (the first one was even worse so they replaced it) and I'm ready to chunk it out the window!!!!  Unfortunately, I waited too long to complain and Verizon will not replace it with a different brand.  They'll only replace it with another Charge.  Why go through the trouble when I know the problem is with the model and not this particular phone. I am stuck with the Charge and Verizon for another two years.  When my contract is up I guarantee you I will be heading for another provider FAST!!!  Are you listening Verizon and Samsung???!!!

First Android phone and I have no complaints. Came over from ATT and an iphone 3gs. One disclaimer-I bought the phone from a Verizon store (paying more) but have had zero problems with it. They checked it out and set it up prior to leaving the store. I am not implying that saving money on Amazon is a bad idea, I almost did it, but it seems that some of the people that have had poor reviews may have faired better getting the phone direct from the source. Battery life is what you would expect from a phone of this caliber. The phone does many things, and if you run it intensely, you will run down the battery. The maps and navigation function replaces the need for a Garmin. Phone feels lightweight, but does not feel cheap as some have noted with the plastic backing. Camera is great. Enjoy the ability to customize the phone function, unlike my iPhone. I also find the Samsung UI to be intuitive and similar to iOS. Seen some Android purists complain about it, but I could care less. 4G LTE where I live and the phone flies when I use it. No complaints so far, solid phone.

The phone is excellent but the battery life is terrible. Only lasts a couple of hours. Everything else is perfect. Screen is very clear. 4G works great in my area. Voice commands are easy to use and make getting at everything very fast. Apps work perfectly. Keyboard is very accurate. Docking station works great on my dashboard as a GPS. Only reason for three stars is battery life. About 80% of the battery drains if the screen is on for 30 minutes. This is true for both WiFi and 4g. When I look at battery usage, most of it is from screen display even though I have brightness set at the lowest level. Samsung should recall the phone and give everyone a better battery.

After going thru 3 Commando, I then asked for the best phone they got.The first Charge kept restarting on its own.  The second Charge kept slowing down to a crawl and needed a battery pull each time to return it to normal.The phone has a great screen but I believe it is lacking in the RAM department.  Buttons are nice but their location at the very bottom may cause the phone to fall forward out of your hand.  Made phone grippy when I added a Body Glove case.You may love it but I believe that it's not reliable.Replaced it with a Droid BIONIC.

It is a great phone... if you can plug it during the day. Otherwise you better have some additional batteries handy.Seriously, even if were the best phone ever, what's the point if the battery does not last more than 5-6 hours with normal use.AVOID!

While this is no longer a new phone, nor is it the biggest or best, the 8 megapixel camera still produces brilliant photos, the android os still works like a champ despite the fact that it is an older version, the 32GB micro card holds everything I ever wanted to store on a mobile device and the phone quality & speakerphone are excellent.  No one will probably want a phone like this, so you could surely get it cheap if available and the carrier supports LTE/CDMA.  I would recommend it.

I updated from motorola droid: the hardware on this phone is far superiorThe good-> Super AMOLED screen is great-> phone is reasonably faster-> In NYC, the voice and data quality is great-> 4G tethering is very fastThe not so good-> Verizon has crippled the phone with out of date software. This phone does not have gingerbread even a year after it was released to the rest of the world. I guess they like spending the $$ on marketing rather than updating good phones. Unlike apple, samsung has allowed them to fiddle with software, and this out of date software is the unfortunate outcome-> poor battery life because of old software: the outdated software causes the fully charged phone to drain in 8 hours if you are running apps (I have 8 or so apps running: facebook, latitude, etc), Battery dies in 2 hours of google maps gps navigation.->Phone is bloated with verizon ware such as "verizon navigator" which you cannot remove-> Skype front camera not available with out of date android softwareVerizon has no ETA for software release. I do not recommend the phone with the old software. It cannot compete with iphone 5 (slated for oct 5 release) with this old software.

I just upgraded my Blackberry Storm to the Droid Charge. I like the phone. The battery life is much better than the Droid X or Droid 2, similar to the storm. Screen display is awesome; there are some quirks when it appears to have a mind of its own. My dislikes, dropped calls and spotty reception. I still carry my Blackberry with me and compare signal strengths and the Blackberry is always at least one bar higher than the Samsung. In some remote areas the Samsung will display no network. So bottom line is this, nice phone but the antenna needs a little work. I don't feel comfortable with this phone everywhere I go. I have carried this phone over 260 miles across the state of NC and feel I need a backup. I have had at least 20 dropped calls the past 7 days in the same areas I used the Blackberry without any reception issues. Might be taking this back to Verizon and wait for them to address these bugs on the next release.......Turn on your old phone and compare signal meters when your not next to a cell tower :)

The first thing I noticed about the phone after making the jump from an iPhone 3GS was the connection speed (regularly 10 mbps down with reception that isn't stellar), and the second was the presence of Flash videos online.The third thing I noticed is that the screen seems immensely over-saturated, and I couldn't find a way to turn it down ... but I got used to it after a while.The fourth was how useful widgets are.BUT ... coming from my iPhone, battery life is a big gripe of mine.  I got this phone for the connection speed boost (which I do appreciate frequently), but leaving 4G data on all day means that my battery is near-drained at the end after light use.  The extra screen space is great for a lot of things, but looking at battery use, it sucks a *lot* of power, too.One thing that I really dislike is that if I enter an app, intent off to another one, and then return to the home screen, sometimes I will have to wait 3-5 seconds for the screen to load; this happens even when I have killed all but ~3 non-system processes running on the phone.There are also some subtleties that it seems Android hasn't yet worked out.  For example, I cannot add an Exchange account unless I use a beta app from VMWare, and when implementing security policies (lock screen and remote wipe), the app is allowed to completely override my settings.  As a result, I essentially had dueling lock screens until a friend who is more familiar with Android showed me a list in the 'Accounts' section that lets me remove the application as an administrator; I had previously tried to uninstall the app, but was simply told "uninstall not successful" ... o_OOverall a usable phone, but I must admit that I have looked up the consequences for breaking my contract a few times since buying it (from Amazon Wireless) months ago.

I rarely give bad reviews, and in fact I had posted on here before that the Samsung Charge was a good phone with 5 stars. I take all that back after living with it for a few months. I have had this phone replaced under warranty 3 times and still have the same lag issues, have to pull the battery. Last time I did a master reset I only put in my email, no other apps, after a few days the lag came back, so I'm pulling the battery a few times a day. even going into the phone menu, scrolling the contacts there is 5-10 second delay. I have two Charge's that my coworkers use with the same issues. Save you money and get a nexus, RAZR, or bionic. Please skip this phone.

When I got the phone on may 18th 2012 I really enjoyed it. But then problems. After about 4 months it refused to charge. It was under warranty so they gave me a new one. But I could not get my contacts,photos, or games back including a $7 minecraft game app. But the phone was ok for the price I paid. Than just 2 days ago.....it stopped working. And the warranty has expired so now I have to buy a new one. Now I will do what I should have...buy a iphone

If you need a device to do things on the web with 4g, this is an OK device.If you need a phone (particularly if you're using it for business), don't trade in your flip phone.This thing drops calls, CONSTANTLY drops audio, mis-dials, does stupid things with your contact list (like moving contacts around randomly), etc.Truly a piece of crap (as a telephone).

This is a great phone!  The user interface is awesome and super intuitive!  Upgrading to this after the Blackberry Tour was revolutionary for me, BUT when people say the battery life on this phone kind of sucks, don't take the light-heartedly.  I usually wake up, check my email on the phone, use the 3G/4G lightly throughout the day, and place a perhaps 10 minute phone call, and within 5-6 hours of being pulled off the charger, it is needing to be plugged in again.  This is with the wifi turned off, the screen turned all the way down, the GPS off, and only my email syncing. I just bought the extended battery which I hope will allow me to get through the entire day without charging it.

Pros:4gmakes phone callsCons:quality control issues (replaced this phone 3 times due to issues - each phone had similar issues)randomly reboots itselfGPS takes literally 10 minutes to connect if evermust reboot several times a day due to various malfunctionsI don't have many goods things to say about a device with a pricetag like this one has - there is no excuse for it to be this poor quality of a device.The phone verizon eventually replaced this with after 3 or 4 bad charges - is the Droid Bionic - which is a pretty awesome, solid phone.Samsung doesn't usually disappoint me when it comes to monitors, tv's and the like but, I'm crossing them off the list of smart phones I would consider.Motorolla and HTC are the brands I would look for in a non-iphone.

Like the title says, this is the worst phone I have ever had the displeasure of using. When the phone isn't freezing or rebooting, it is busy overheating and draining the battery, so that you need to plug it in by 2pm. Did I mention that the user interface is slow and laggy with apps that crash all the time? Thankfully, when my phone finally received it's OTA upgrade to Gingerbread, the boot time was cut from 4 minutes to 1 minute, which is really handy since the phone needs to reboot so frequently. See Verizon's forum for all of the other problems with this phone: [...]. I can't believe Verizon and Samsung would actually let this miserable phone fall into the hands of consumers.On the plus side, at least the screen is pretty and 4G data is fast...when the phone is working.

I think any positive review of this phone comes from those who have used it for less than 1 week.  It dazzles you out of the box with a big crisp screen, and seems to function well.  Then the microphone gives out, and your voice will come though as a muffled gargling.  Then there's the static.  If the microphone doesn't get you, the static will.  Think firecrackers in your ear.I say this having tried and returned THREE of these phones.  This was not an isolated issue.  I finally got my carrier to give me a different model.  Maybe it won't be as pretty, but who cares?  If you want an expensive GPS and mobile browser, get yourself a Charge.  If you want to use your phone as a phone, the Charge isn't bad, it's completely unusable.

I REALLY wish I had read the reviews.Here is what I have noticed in the first week:The phone needs charging at least 2xs a day. And this is with NO data use (I just took 3 calls, with a bluetooth and was down to the red zone in battery life).Any call I've made that is over a few minutes has durations of inaudibility. Either it fades out completely (and continues to show a call in progress) or it has these really loud clicking noises that make it impossible for the other party to hear.I haven't even begun to experiment with the phone and its data capability. I just wanted to have a phone that would work and would also allow me to use it for driving directions and some occasional music listening. This one has to be CONSTANTLY connected to a charger, and I can't even imagine using it to listen to music and having it last more than a couple of songs. Trust me, buy another phone if you want to make more than 3 calls per day.

I have the Droid Charge for 6 weeks now and I belive I can give my fair opinion on this divice, on the positive side overall I tink is a very good small " phone-computer" :  EXCELLENT SCREEN DISPLAY, I could say is better than the Iphone, I have no issue with the keyboard (horizontal display is better and easy), camera is good (I took photos of documents with very good results, also I know that there are scanner app on the market), voice command acceptable, speaker ok., audiphone sound ok.. downloading excellent, no experience uploading.Task manager app EXCELLENT enable to close all the apps that you might have open before allowing to save  battery energy, I have no problem with the battery if as I said before, CLOSE THE APPS when you are no using the phone. I have power for a full day (10 hrs) receiving calls, web surfing, watching youtube videos with the same standard battery, when I stop using the phone I make sure I close all the open apps and save power, really no kidding. I never have to use an extra charger on my job if I learn how to use the phone.Video camera I have no use, but watching the reviews in youtube I belive is acceptable.Reason I bought this " computer-phone" are the options and freedom you have changing the battery, having a memory card, EXCELLENT DISPLAY, etc.ON THE NEGATIVE side when I been on the web I've been disconected or frozen, I don't know if is the phone or the network, I notice an intermitent change between 3g and 4g on the display bar, this is something VERIZON HAS TO LOOK AT if the network technology is working properly. I have managed the problem turning off the phone then turned on and go back to normal.As I said before this is an excellent divice regarless of the cheap outside design (plastic) and SAMSUNG COULD DO MUCH BETTER at this price, anyway I waiting for the release of the Galaxy S2 ( prefer LTE 4g same Europe disign) if FINALLY the corporations find the way to do it.

Added in edit 06/02/2012: Got the new phone. It's a marked improvement.  I'm now happy.  See the rest of the review. I'm holding off on awarding 5 stars because while this phone is a great improvement and one I'll be happy to have for the next two years, my sense is that the Charge I used for comparison is even clearer, which is also the sense of that phone's owner.  This suggests that there is considerable variation among phones. This is cause for concern.  Once one chooses a particular model, the quality of the phone one receives should not be a lottery.Kudos to Amazon for the way the replacement was handled. One short phone call resolved everything.Added in edit 05/27/2012:  The title of this review was "Wonderful!  Wonderful! ...except for the fidelity"  but I became so disgusted with the phone that I tried swapping phones with someone else with a Charge.  That phone sounds as clear as a bell!  So, I called Amazon and am having a replacement shipped to arrive 5/30.  More to be revealed...---------------------------I upgraded to this phone from my Samsung Fascinate.  It's met my all of expectations save one--the fidelity of the calls is not very good.I liked my Fascinate but we grew apart due to its slow processor.  I was pushed over the edge by the Fascinate's unpredictable auto-reboot even when I had the phone on silence in seminars.  Since one of my sons was not planning on upgrading in the near future, I swapped his current upgrade eligibility with my September eligibility on my family plan to get the Charge.  I've been happy in every way but one--the audio quality of phone calls is poor.I like Samsung phones.  The picture is crisp.  The Charge's dual core processor means my live Koi pool wallpaper doesn't stutter.  (I'd had to remove it from my Fascinate, which couldn't handle it.) No auto-reboot.I had hundreds of apps on my Fascinate, which no doubt was part of the problem.  I've been very careful with the Charge to install only apps that I'll use.  No power savers. No task killers.  I get through the day with one battery charge, no problem.I find myself frustrated when owners report short battery life without explaining what's killing the battery.  Settings/About Phone/Battery Use reveals exactly what has been using the battery.  (Right now, I'm down to 72% after 7h 9m 58s since last charge.  36% of usage has gone to the display, 30 to cell standby, and so on.  I've learned from my Fascinate and stick with the standard email app, checking my IMAP server only once an hour, since I'm almost always at a computer.  I found that K-9 on the Fascinate with Push was often responsible for half of my battery use.)If Settings/About Phone/Battery Use is too awkward, there are apps that one can install that will get you to the information faster. There's one in the AppStore, but, call me old-fashioned, I don't care for the name, so I got one elsewhere.

Screen is great. 4G speed is fantastic (though there are glitches that will probably be worked out but every few days you may lose connection). Could have lived with recharging the battery more often than I'd like.  But the big problem was that Samsung's interface with OLDER AOL accounts had severe issues: Sent mail folder wouldn't show destination addresses, forwarded emails never showed up as sent at all.  Motorola Droid X2 and even the iPhone work fine with my AOL account, so the Charge had to go back.  (Amazon Wireless has been absolutely terrific all around: great customer service, seamless exchange process.  FIVE STARS FOR AMAZON WIRELESS!)

I was dying for the Samsung Galaxy S II, but reading online it doesn't look like thats coming to the US until at least this fall, if not later.  I have been using and iPhone 4 with ATT, but I am so tired of not being able to use my phone because ATT charges $25 for 2 measly GB of data.  Also I desired to go back to Android since it is a much more useful phone os.So I saw the Droid charge was coming out, and I do love Verizons network, and I kept hearing about how amazing LTE is and that this is the future.  So I went and played with the Thunderbolt, which was awful, the screen is ugly, the phone is extremely chunky and heavy, and it was just all around bad.  Then next to it was this beautiful screen, and it was the Droid Charge.  This is the same screen as the Galaxy S II, and the same Camera as well.  The phone is great, I actually really like the design, its like a Lamborghini and a Transformer had a phone baby.Sure Toughwiz is ugly, but all you need to do is download Launcher Pro and things are all good from there.  The phone is fast enough, though not as amazing as the dual core offerings right now.  Only problem is there is no good dual core phone on a network with a good fast unlimited internet service.  So in my opinion, at the moment, for the all around package, the Droid Charge is king.Also now I am on Verizon with unlimited LTE, so when Apple decides to make a phone with at least a 4" screen and a less childlike OS and adds LTE, I will be all set to jump back into an iPhone.Or if and when the S II comes to Verizon maybe I will sell my Charge and grab one of those, because that is truly the king of phones right now.

I've been using the Droid Charge for 2 months and I am disappointed.  I consider myself a power user.  My previous phone was the HTC G2.  I'll keep it succinct.First the positives:1.  Gorgeous Super Amoled+ screen.2.  Excellent camera/video capture.Now the negatives:1.  Processor/Ram feels under-powered. The phone often lags or feels slow.  This phone would have been much better served by a dual core CPU or more RAM.2.  The GPS is terrible.  This is my second Samsung phone that takes a while to find the satellites (I briefly owned the first generation Galaxy).  Compared to my previous phone (G2), the GPS performance almost borders on unacceptable.3.  Terrible network switching.  Since I live in NYC, I'm often going in and out of the subway.  The Charge often takes way too long to find either a 3G or 4G signal.  I sometimes turn off and on the wireless to speed it up.  Again, not acceptable.4.  Charging the phone takes FOREVER.  It's mystifying considering the phone's name.5.  Wi-Fi antenna not as sensitive as my previous phone.  This is not a big deal, but worth mentioning.There you have it folks.

There is a known defect that causes the OS to send auidable data transmissions that the user hears as a deafening squak over the earpiece during telephone calls. I have been working with VerizonWireless World Support for the last 3 months running BUG detector after each occurence. Samsung is aware of the defect and will ONLY replace the phone if this occurs on more than 50% of calls.Busness support suggested buying a new phone, different model, at FULL RETAIL as they said they are no longer recommending this phone to customers becasue of this known DEFECT. Management has not yet authorized full replacement yet as Samsung is not willing to replace the phone.

The Charge is my first smartphone (unless you count an LG Dare ..... but I only used it as a phone).I studied for months before deciding on this phone.  I'm glad I did my homework.  For ME, this is an absolutey GREAT smartphone.  I have no major gripes with it, it does what I need it to do.  It allows me all sorts of web access and apps downloading and usage.  While the camera isn't as great as some of the reviews I read about it, it is fine for quick snapshots.  I have a real digital camera for those situations I want quality photographs.I have had mine since July of this year(2011), and had to manually reboot it one time.  It rebooted one time by itself as well.  Once in awhile while using the google search field it hesitates for a few seconds, but that may be the 4g signal from verizon.  These are minor glitches as far as how much I've used it.  I plan on keeping mine for a long time!

Terrible audio quaility, battery life, latency and response time with screens, dropped network connections.  On my second one, first one got so hot I nearly burnt myself! GPS get's it stuck in a dump battery life mode, will eat a extended battery(3800mah) in less than an hour! Not going to recommend this one to anyone.

I left Verizon go to go AT&T; just for the iPhone4. After three iPhone4's in less than 11 months due to signal issues, I decided to sell the iPhone and go back to Verizon.  I didn't want to take another chance on an iPhone so I looked into DROID.  I wanted the option to customize, and make the phone truly mine. Thus the desire for a droid.After reading the reviews here, reading tech reviews, and asking friends about their older DROID's I decided this Samsung Charge would be the one I wanted.  I went to a Verizon Store and played with the phone for 3 1/2 hours, talking to the staff, doing Speed Tests on this one and other Droids along with my iPhone to see how 4G compared.  I was impressed, and knowing it was Verizon I knew my dropped call issue would go away as well.  So here I am.The phone is very light weight, and the screen clarity is BETTER than my old phone, IMO.  When my fingerprints are cleaned off, the phone is fine in sunlight on full brightness.  I keep it quite dim to help with battery life, and it's still very bright indoors.Typing on it I think is WAY easier than my old phone.  The smart type text this one has seems "smarter" and there's less of those "oops what did I say" texts.The fact there's SO MANY apps you can download for this, along with color options, full capability to make and use ringtones right from the phone, and an 8 mega pixel camera, I'm very impressed with the features.Battery life is a different story.  An iPhone with heavy usage can go from the time I unplug it, at 8am, until 11pm (15 hours) right before bed.  So far I have gone 10 hours with this phone after doing heavy research on what can help the battery.  There are some MUST-HAVE apps out there to assist with this.Bluetooth audio:  I have to learn more about the settings but when I'm playing music via BT in my car which is BT audio ONLY, every now and then the sound cuts out for a split 1/4 of a second and comes back on.  I think it's when alerts come to the phone.  This is very annoying but I think it's something I can work with.  I'll know more after my trip to Vegas this week coming up where I'll be using a BT headset the entire time.APPS and APP Screens:  Another I have to research thing, but at night I power off the phone..... mostly because it's better for your battery to be charged when turned off, but if I do leave it on and charge it over night, I end up having to reboot in the morning anyway since it get super slow if I don't.  I have my app screen (not the home pages but the app listings pages) sorted:  phone settings on screen 1, social media and email communications screen 2, customizations like ringtone makers and walls on page 3, etc etc.  Once in a while these pages get all garbled up and several apps are on the wrong screen even though they were in their organized place moments before.  Not sure why this happens.So the PROS:- lightweight- screen clarity and colors are supurb- easy to use- completely customizable- sound quality on calls and music is good and crisp- a cross between an iPhone and a Blackberry in handlingthe CONS:- battery life is less than of my previous phone but there are apps to helpwith that. You just have to learn. I am getting more battery each day! Ithink part of it is cache files.  As you use it the phone doesn't have towork as hard to access files, so it uses less battery.- randomly needs a reboot. No battery pulls yet thankfully- randomly moves app icons around my app screen pagesIn Conclusion: I am VERY happy with my purchase.  Also using Amazon Wireless was super easy and simple.I'll update this as I learn more too!

Have had this Charge for a few weeks and being new to Droid the biggest adjusment has been battery life. Not in a 4G area so set to cdma. Have found that juice defender, at least for me, isn't working properly- 3g connectivity doesn't happen or takes 5 min. or more to come up. I continue to wait for them to fix with the Charge. Have the screen brightness at 15-20%..So, after a couple nights out and having my battery run dry after 3-4 hours, have been determined to figure out how people are saying they get 10+ hours of life. Here's what I've learned..unless you are using wifi, blue tooth, gps, google location, mobile data, shut them all off. It requires actively using and monitoring the drop down menu, the power widget, settings, and I use spare parts to check battery status (instead of taking an extra step within settings.) You'll receive calls and texts, but if you want to see if you've got email, use certain apps, surf the web, use location services, just turn them all on and off as needed. Now my phone doesn't die quickly with very little use if away from a charger.**update 7/31Now that I've gotten to know the phone better (and developed above habits), my initial review seems a little harsh/extreme. To be clearer, I have wifi in my apt and at work and can leave it connected all day long and think I'd get close to 10 hours of life with moderate use. But if I see it drop to 70% battery level, I'll charge it, just so I'm prepared with adequate life when I head out. I think my experience with the battery draining quickly had to do with leaving mobile data on (and maybe gps and google location, too- not sure if that eats battery when not being used or not.) Anyway, I'm very happy with the phone and the battery life isn't as much of an issue for me now.**update 11/2Recommend getting the Samsung desktop dock- charges the phone, plus an additional battery. There are some days where you're going to want that extra charged battery to take along with you. Nice also as serves as travel clock/alarm..can attach portable speakers for music or watching video.

This is the worst droid phone I have ever had. It is nothing but problems. a 4G phone thats usually in 3G and even looses that connection. You have to toggle the airport mode to get your data back working. Sometimes when you take a picture with the flash your phone will shut off. The Navigation takes forever and a day to calculate. I swear the droid one functioned better then this. I'm on my third one now. Turns out they are all afflicted with the same problems. Not worth the money and certainly not worth the aggravation.

This is a beautiful phone -- works great and I agree with the glowing reviews, except:#1 -- It's underpowered, in that the battery doesn't keep it running all day, or even for 12 hours.  Yes, I am a heavy user, using wi-fi, 4g, Lookout, but, still, I seem to be getting only about 6 hours without the need for a charge.  This is notably larger and heavier than my Samsung Vibrant (on which the USB port broke 1 month after warranty ran out, but I digress), so it seems likely they could have further beefed up the battery.  On my Vibrant, I could have added one of those fat backs for a bigger batter, and it would have seemed OK.  Adding that to the back of my bigger, heavier Charge Droid would be too much.#2 -- It's underpowered, in that the processor can't keep up with the apps.  The nightmare is receiving a call, with the phone vibrating, but too it is too busy doing some !@#$%^&*! other thing to allow me to actually answer the call.  I had to root my Vibrant, to flash a better Android, to stop that problem.  I thought surely, with Samsung having another year to develop phones, this would never happen with my Charge Droid.  I did root the Charge Droid, so I could freeze the bloatware, and figured that would be enough, but the 3rd call I got I could not answer.  So, I flashed a new Android, and now it's lovely.  Flashing the phone took me hours to figure out how to do (then, finally, doing it was relatively quick and easy).  If you want a full featured phone, but don't plan to root & flash, I'd recommend you get either an iphone, or something with a dual processor.

I owned the original Motorola droid and loved it for 2 years. Time to upgrade came around and I purchased this phone. It crashed twice within the first week, and it would become intermittently unresponsive. The final straw came when it started malfunctioning during calls and making a high-pitched whine. I don't normally take the time to write reviews, but this phone was terrible.

I think the phone features and everything is better than iPhone but the only compliant I have is the battery life.  It will only last me half a day (since I'm a heavy user surfing the web, download videos,...).  The suggestion I get from other users and Verizon work, is to buy extra charges (for your car and at work or to carry around).  Who wants to carry that around all the time?  If Samsung improves the battery life (lasting ten times longer than 30 mins), then I would give it a 5 stars...otherwise only a two star.  Trust me on this one!  Everywhere I go, I always worry about running out of battery.

After too many hours with customer support at Verizon, Amazon and Samsung as well as 4 factory reset and 2 new phones, I give up on Samsung Droid Charge. All the complaints listed by others, I have experienced them. Poor battery life, poor/static sounds, dropped calls but most annoyingly Bluetooth that won't stay connected. It couples fine but after few hours to days, just disconnects and you can't restore it unless it is reprogrammed to connect as a new device.Initially I thought it was the phone and Amazon Wireless replaced it with no hassles. Same problem. Talked to Verizon. Very understanding but punted to Samsung. Samsung customer support is indifferent but did acknowledge the issue but no fix or update in sight.I am very happy with Verizon and can't praise Amazon Wireless enough but will never buy Samsung ever again.

I purchased this phone shortly before Verizon eliminated the unlimited data plan almost a year ago.  The phone was brand new with the HTC Thunderbolt being the only other Android 4G phone available.  I lived in a 4G area, but worked in a 3G area.  Since the phone was new, it was at the introductory price (almost $300).  I don't think the phone was worth that value (nor even worth getting).  My various problems with the phone are listed below:1. Limited upgrades from Samsung.  This was my first smartphone, and I knew nothing about Android versions.  After a few months it became obvious there were system issues.  The phone ALWAYS dropped connectivity when leaving a 4G area and various system programs would crash. After 6 months, we finally received an "upgrade".  The upgrade for the phone was for Gingerbread and not the newer Ice Cream Sandwich OS.  While some issues were fixed, I am disappointed that users have not received support from Samsung/Verizon.  Additionally, it appear the phone will never get Ice Cream Sandwich, which means I will never buy a Samsung phone again.2. Battery usage - Don't listen to the lies.  It is less than 12 hours with a fully charged factory battery.  On a bad day, the battery lasts less than 8 hours.  It has always been this way.  My problem with this is I would leave for work in the morning and routinely lose cell signal while trying to arrange dinner.  God forbid, I ever have a car breakdown at night.  I started carrying around a second battery, and it is a constant reminder of how stupid I am for buying this phone.  What is so stupid about this is that it would be dead by 8PM without me even using the phone one time throughout the day.  I'm sorry, but I believe a phone should be able to survive 12+ hours on standby....3. Connectivity and GPS issues.  Originally the phone would have to be restarted when switching from a 4G to 3G area.  This has lessened with the update; however, I did not enjoy living with it for 6+ months.  The phone still has GPS issues where maps will not work 100% of the time.  Sometimes requiring a force close of the program.  I routinely have to force close Verizon's Backup Assistant.4. No flashing light to notify of new messages.5. TONS of bloatware that you can't delete (another reason why I will never buy a Samsung phone).Pros:Call quality has been OK.4G is fast (when available)Colorful graphics/video are wonderful (probably why the battery dies so fast)Camera quality is sufficient for both front and rear facingI have been able to fine accessories that work well with the phone (case, cover, back up battery).

Owned for 1 year now. Battery life isn't great, but I haven't had any serious problems with it. I have only had to restart the phone once or twice due to errors over the past year. Slow start up. Other than that I have been very happy. Bought the same phone for my teenage son and also no problems over the last year - and he uses his phone a lot!

I've had the Samsung Charge since it was released in 2011. I'm currently on phone #3 (through Verizon's service plan). I was not able to use the GPS with the first phone - every other feature worked great. The second Charge died within 1 week of receiving. I've had no issues with the third phone - the GPS works great, the connection is stable, etc. The Samsung Charge will burn through a fully charged battery when it is in 4G if I am using anything that requires the data plan. I have to plan for this and make sure to either carry my extra battery or plug it in when possible.

We bought this phone in a hurry about six weeks ago because we needed a mobile hotspot.  But --false alarm-- we didn't need the hotspot after all, so don't know how well it works.  The GPS is amusing when you can get an address punched in, and it's nice to read email, but if you ever need to write with the key pad and just get it done, forget it.  It's almost impossible to get the correct word punched in because the letters don't enter correctly no matter how slow and careful you are at hitting the right key. For someone who texts or emails a lot, or expects to surf the web easily, this phone would be very frustrating.

I've been watching the HTC Thunderbolt 4G phone and finally gave up on it due to all the bugs and horrible battery life.  So after reading several reviews on the Samsung Droid Charge, I decided to take the plunge.  Here's how my first few days with the new phone went - the good and the bad.  First some qualifiers - I live in the Maryland suburbs outside DC where there is 4G service.  My previous phone was a Blackberry Storm 2 (touch screen - no physical keyboard).The first three things you notice are how big the phone is, how bright the screen is and how surprisingly light the phone is given its size.  You should go to the Verizon store and check this phone out before you buy just to make sure you are comfortable with the size.  The screen is as big as my Garmin screen!  For me, it was a good thing.  Web pages, email, maps, etc are generally easier to read.Day 1-I bought this phone midday on the Monday following its release.  There was a software update that installed even before leaving the Verizon store parking lot.  No problems with the install.  The phone felt a little buggy afterwards.  So I did a restart which cured all problems.  Coming from a Blackberry, there was a learning curve.  So, I spent some time reviewing the included tutorial to learn the phone and get comfortable with the different features.  I had to call Verizon tech support to figure out how to set up my POP3 email account.  I have my own email server and couldn't find all the settings.  Kudos to Verizon for being so helpful.  I installed a compass & Sudoku apps from the Android Market (very cool) and paired the phone with my Plantronics Voyager Pro + headset.  The volume on the headset was actually louder with this phone than with my old Blackberry.  This was a welcome surprise.  The HTC Thunderbolt has had problems with its bluetooth functionality.  I'm happy to say the Samsung Droid Charge has caused no problems for me so far.  I found the Contacts function to be missing one feature that my Blackberry had.  I can't program the phone "Not" to ring when a particular person calls me (we all have one in our life).  The silent ringer function exists in other places in the phone.  It just didn't make it to the Contacts feature.  Samsung, please fix this.  Both the Samsung keyboards (regular & Swype) are far superior to that on my touch screen Blackberry!Day 2-I'm happy to say that on my first full day of use, the phone made it through an entire day without charging (7 AM to 11:00 PM) with apx 40% battery life left when I went to bed! I used the phone normally - a little web browsing, phone calls, email, a few apps and 4G turned on and working all day!! I did turn off Wi-Fi and the GPS.  Though, I turned the GPS back on while using the maps and a compass later in the day.  I like the phone! I saw no noticeable problems or bugs with the phone.  4G is incredibly fast!!  Sound quality is good too - both for me and for the person I'm calling.Day 3-I spent a lot of time using the phone today.  The included calculator is too basic - missing the memory buttons (M+,M-,MC,MR) which I need.  My Blackberry calculator had them.  While it's not a big deal given all the available apps in the app store, Samsung could have done a better job with a few of it's features and widgets.  I spent the day doing everything I normally do (see Day 2). In addition, I downloaded 4 different calculators, uninstalled those I didn't like and installed Angry Birds!  I now understand why people like that game so much.  I also spent some time in an appointment out in the mountains where there is no cell reception.  This causes your phone to constantly search for service and torches the battery.  My old Blackberry did the same thing.  So when 5:53 PM came, I got a low battery warning.  So today, the phone made it from 7:00 AM to 5:53 PM without a charge and everything but Wi-Fi turned on.  My advice... Buy a car charger!  I discovered problems later in the day.  I couldn't sign into my voicemail from my cell phone.  I called tech support.  Again, kudos to the Verizon guy for being so helpful.  He confirmed that this was a problem with the phone and that Samsung is working on a maintenance update.  I also found out that the Samsung Media Hub only works in 4G (not sure I really care - I have no intentions of buying any music, etc from Samsung).  One other odd problem I had was with the Music Player.  It keeps turning itself on periodically throughout the day.  Samsung has a widget called Program Monitor that I REALLY like.  It takes the place of an app killer app like you need on the Thunderbolt.  It automatically tells you if any programs are running in the background and gives you the ability to easily turn them off, either one at a time or all at once.  Doing this extends battery life.  While talking to tech support, I shared the Music Player thing.  He said he would include it with the info Verizon sends to Samsung.  Getting back to my voicemail problem, I remembered all the app installing and uninstalling I did earlier in the day.  The tech guy said it wouldn't hurt to restart the phone and try dialing voicemail again.  This fixed the problem.  Lesson learned - after installing or uninstalling apps or software updates, restart the phone!  Spent the balance of the evening playing Angry Birds and messing with the phone.  These new phones really are pocket computers.  You notice this as you move from one app or function to the next.  This phone seems to handle everything you throw at it very smoothly and with very few hiccups.Day 4-Phone off the charger at 7:00 AM.  Everything seems to work fine.  The music player turned on 4 times during the day - don't know why or if it even matters.  I turned it off using the Program Monitor widget.  There was not as much time spent on the phone today.  I did take a couple of test shots with the camera.  It seems to do a really good job for a cell phone camera.  Shut down at 9:00 PM with 50% power left on the battery.  Everything was turned on except Wi-Fi.Day 6-Saturday-Hardly used the phone today.  Turned on at about 8:00AM.  At 9:24PM, I still have 74% battery life left with everything turned on except Wi-Fi.  Samsung has cured the 4G battery problem!!***Update Wednesday 5/25***Day 10-This phone does have a few bugs beyond those already mentioned.  The phone stopped making phone calls last Sunday.  I got this loud screeching/static sort of sound right in the middle of a conversation.  I ended the call and tried to redial.  At that point, I could not make or receive calls without hearing that screeching sound.  I called Verizon for the third time since purchasing this phone.  They were good to talk to, but had no suggestions other than to restart the phone.  This DID fix the problem.  I have not had any more problems of any kind with the phone since last Sunday.  My guess is this phone could use a maintenance software update from Samsung to improve stability.  Verizon could still be having some 4G problems too.  These bugs aren't that big a deal.  Every problem I've experienced has been fixed by turning the phone off and then on again.  It is something for you to be aware of though.  I still like the phone!***End of Update******Update Sunday 6/5***Day 21-This phone has two bugs that I am aware of.  The first - The Mobile Hotspot feature has stopped working.  According to Verizon tech support, it's a Samsung problem.  Verizon and/or Samsung are working on an update.  Until that update is released, at least some of the Droid Charge phones won't have the ability to use the mobile hotspot feature.  4G and everything else seems to work just fine.  The second - I'm having a very occasional problem using my Plantronics Voyager Pro+ headset with this phone.  It seems the first call made with my bluetooth headset after powering on the phone has a problem where I can hear, but the person I'm talking to can't hear me.  Verizon tech support wants me to go to a store and demonstrate the problem for one of the techs.  I'll update this again after this has been completed.  It would be interesting to know if anyone else is having this bluetooth problem.  Verizon suggested that the bluetooth problem could be something that would allow for a replacement phone.  The last item is minor.  The power button is finicky, but only when trying to turn the phone on.  I turn off the phone at night.  The next morning, it requires just the right (firm) touch to turn the phone back on.  All other functions supported by this button work fine.  These are the first real problems I've had with this phone.  While there is no excuse for the problems, this phone has far fewer bugs than phones like the Thunderbolt.  I dropped my rating from 5 to 4 stars until they fix the problem.  I'm still happy with "the rest" of this phone and have my fingers crossed for a quick fix/update to the hotspot feature.***End of Update******Update Saturday 6/11***Day 27-I just installed the maintenance update Verizon/Samsung prommissed us.  It fixed a number of things - mobile hotspot works now, 4G reception is improved (I consistently have one extra bar of reception sitting here in my living room), battery life improved, the screeching noise I previously mention fixed, mild performance increase and a number of other improvements.  There still seems to be an occasional issue with my bluetooth headset.  This could be the phone or the headset.  I just can't say right now.  I'll update this review when I have more info.***End of Update******Final Update 6/16***Day 32-The last update seemed to take a day or so and a few restarts before it really took effect.  It appears my bluetooth headset problem is the headset's fault.  Plantronics replaced it for me under warranty.  The predictive text seems to work better with the new update.  Previously, it made you work a little too hard to choose the right word.  The handoff between 4G, 3G & 1x works pretty well most of the time.  Occasionally it will struggle with the switch back & forth.***End of Update******This is the "I hope this is my final update" update 7/1***Day 47-Some final details to help you with the phone and get started with the android operating system.  I've played with a number of apps and decided to keep the included email, sms and contacts.  They do everything I need them to do and seem to use fewer resources than some others I tried.  Some business users may want to consider a replacement email program.  I did not feel the need.  I installed the Dolphin HD Browser for surfing the web.  It seems faster than the stock browser.  I downloaded a ringtone app from the android market that allowed me to assign a silent ringtone to a contact, thus solving my earlier complaint from Day 1 above.  I did install a new home screen launcher - Go Launcher.  It allows for more customization and speeds up the phone just a bit.  Instructions are online.  If you install Go Launcher, you loose the included Program Monitor Widget, but get to keep the Task Manager app which does everything the widget did.  Look for it in the app drawer.  In addition to my Gmail email, I also switched from a POP3 work email account to an IMAP (push email) account through the included email app.  The weather clock I settled on is Beautiful Widgets.  It's MUCH better than the included version.  I've installed a number of other apps that were for personal use.  These mentioned affect how well the phone functions.  I feel like I'm done with my customizations and really like how the phone turned out.  And yes... 4G is really worth it!!***End of Update******Update 7/29 One Final Bug Remains***The bluetooth bug is a Samsung problem.  I've been through two Plantronics Voyager Pro + Headsets and three Droid Charge phones.  They all exhibit the same behavior.  There is an occasional problem where callers can't hear you, but you can hear them. This problem continues until the phone disconnects itself from the headset.  To get the phone & headset connected again, you have to delete the headset profile from the phone and go through the process to pair them again.  I've also been told that Jawbone and Motorola headsets exhibit this same behavior.  Through trial and error, I've figured out a workaround that works most (but not quite all) of the time.  If you pair your bluetooth device while the phone is awake (screen turned on), you'll eliminate most of the bluetooth problems.  Pairing takes a good 12 to 15 seconds.  This is important because after about 5 seconds, my headset says, "phone one connected".  Well, it's not fully connected yet.  In my case, there is a final beep after about 12 to 15 seconds indicating the bluetooth device is properly paired to your phone.  If you don't keep your phone awake while pairing or accidently walk out of range of your phone while wearing your bluetooth device, the problem will return unless you power off your bluetooth device and re-pair while the phone is awake.  According to Verizon, there is another software update (likely the upgrade to the Gingerbread 2.3.4 operating system) coming at the end of the summer.  They could not say if this bluetooth bug will be addressed in that update. ***Verizon has now said they ARE looking into bluetooth compatibility issues.  So hopefully, another update will be coming soon.*** According to Samsung tech support, they ONLY claim that this phone will work properly with Samsung headsets.  This seems to be a problem with Verizon's other 4G phones as well.  So, I can't offer anything other than to say this is something to be aware of.  It may be related to the how the phone tries to save battery life while in sleep mode (screen shut off).  The bluetooth bug is my only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  One final disclosure I feel I should make... Since I finished setting up the phone and installing all the apps, I have noticed that battery life has dropped off a little.  On heavy use days, the phone hits the charger on my 5:00 ride home.  On normal use days, I usually get the 15% low battery warning around 10:00 PM.  On those low to no use days, I typically shut down with anywhere from 40 to 65% battery life left.  It is also important when discussing battery life that you know my screen was set to auto brightness.***End of Update******Update 10/10/11***The bluetooth bug has finally broken my phone.  Everything works great except my phone will no longer hold a pairing with my bluetooth headset beyond turning it off at night.  Verizon is willing to replace my phone for free with a new Charge or any of their other 4G phones.  There is a big update coming in perhaps the next month that will likely fix my Charge.  Given that I'm a real estate agent that spends a lot of time on bluetooth, I've decided to try the Motorola Bionic instead of a replacement Charge.  I really do like the Charge.  Verizon tech support has been very nice and very helpful.  The price of the Charge has been greatly reduced making it a better deal.  If you can live without bluetooth until the update comes out, I still like the Charge.  If bluetooth is important to you, I recommend you look elsewhere for at least the next few weeks.Moving forward... My recommendation is to wait 30 days before buying a new phone.  The updates for the existing phones should be out by then.  You can check Verizon's community forums for information about the updates.  There are also rumors of three new 4G superphones hitting Verizon between 10/18 and say 11/10 - Motorola RAZR, Samsung Nexus and an HTC.  This will do two things. First, it will reduce the price of the existing line of 4G phones.  Second, it will give you more phones to choose from.  Either way, I truly believe Verizon 4G is the way to go.If you want some initial thoughts on the Bionic, see comment number 42 in the comments section below.***End of Update******Update 12/2/11***The operating system and bug fix update is being pushed out by Verizon today.  It could take a week or so before everyone gets the update.  My guess is this update will fix the bugs and provide some new features.  If you are thinking about buying this phone, It could be a good lower cost 4G phone.  I would check the Verizon Communtiy Forum and/or other Droid Charge Forums to see what others think about the update.  I own the Motorola Bionic now and am waiting for my own update from Motorola/VZW.  I put so much effort into this review, I just wanted to close the loop.  Good luck!***End of Update***Final negatives-The Price!  I paid $270.00 for this phone after a $30 discount from Verizon.  It should be cheaper!  I plan to update the included Weatherbug Widget.  According to the Weatherbug site, the widget gives what has happened during the day, but not what WILL happen.  For example: The included Samsung Weatherbug widget says today is 61 now, and 58 was the coldest so far today, a partly cloudy animation(neat looking) and the time.  What's missing is the predicted high temp for the day.  Kinda silly leaving out THAT piece of info, especially if you check the weather at 7:00 AM.  The included clock widget leaves something to be desired as well.  I'll go back to the app store to find replacements I like.  When I read people's complaints about the Samsung UI, I think they are referring to things like these widgets that just don't function like they should.  It's easy enough to fix with a trip to the app store.  The question for Verizon/Samsung is... With as much money as we have to pay for this phone, why do we have to fix such simple little things?  Note to Samsung: You have a great phone. Please fix these annoyances.The bottom line-This phone is incredible and so is 4G!  I got 12.2 mb download and 4.6 mb upload speeds with the speedtest.net app from the Android Market!!  There are a few quirks in the way the phone operates.  This phone and Verizon's 4G network are still very new technologies.  With these few exceptions, Samsung has done a great job creating a phone that is smooth to operate, surfs the internet incredibly fast, seems to be relatively bug free and has really good battery life - at least for a droid.  I can also say that the reception of the Samsung Droid Charge is better than that of my old Blackberry.  I had little or no problems with reception and/or call quality.  The speakerphone works well too.  If you compare this to Verizon's other 4G phones, this IS your best option!  I can find NO reason why you should not purchase this phone.  I know there will be the few that feel they have to wait for the dual core processor in the Motorola Bionic when it gets released in another few months.  For most people, this phone will have ample power and all the features you could want.  I will even go so far as to say this phone is better than the iPhone.  I say this in part because the speed of this phone (4G) simply blows the iPhone away!Practical suggestions:  Buy a car charger or spare travel charger.  You won't need it every day.  You will need it sometimes though.  I'm not sure I see the need for an extended battery - unless you are a really heavy user.  I never tried turning 4G off.  Turning this feature off should extend the battery life beyond those I've reported.  Perhaps I'll give it a try during my next camping trip where I won't have an option to recharge the phone.  If you like belt clips, the Verizon store has the best I've seen. (Amazon sells it now for half the price:Samsung Droid Charge Shell/Holster Combo W/ Kickstand) I really like the one I bought.  Remember to restart the phone after adding or removing apps or updates.  It does make a difference and will keep your phone running smoothly.  I did find replacement apps/widgets that I really like in the Android Market to replace those that were included with the phone that I didn't like.  Install the included Samsung Program Monitor widget.  It works, is simple to use and could help extend your battery life.I rely a lot on reviews here on Amazon when I make purchasing decisions. I hope this review helps you with your decisions.  I'm very happy I bought this phone and would buy it again.  Highly recommended!!

Unfortunately I signed a 2 year contract to get this phone.  I went in to the verizon store and asked for the latest greatest.  This is the phone they suggested.  I had the first one replaced under warranty.  The second isn't much better.  I have so many complaints, I don't know where to begin.  I actually miss my blackberry.  The most basic functionality is a problem.  It's great for games and video but I use my phone for work.  For some reason it won't remember my email password.  After trying to download my emails for sometimes hours it finally gives up and gives me a message that I need to re-enter my password.  When trying to retreive my voice mails, it won't let me dial my PIN unless the phone is sitting on a hard flat surface.  After one digit the screen goes black.  I shake the phone to light it up again but it says incorrect password.  After 3 tries it says I made too many attempts and cuts me off.  When I dial it back I have to listen to a message about how somebody has made several attempts to access my voicemail and it recites my own cell phone number!!!!  I want to kill myself!!!!!

Am I missing something?  My phone is pretty glitchy.  When I run games, it freezes fairly often and restarts itself.  The battery life sucks.  I can't make it through the day on a single charge, and I lowered the backlight to where I can barely see the screen.  I would consider myself a regular user - not heavy, but certainly not light.  It says that the display uses 75% of my battery - I really don't understand why.  I also don't really notice a difference between 4g and 3g, nevermind that you're supposed to use WIFI to save battery life. I also really hate the keyboard, to the point that I dread texting.  Sending it back and getting a Droid 3.  I don't care if touchscreen keyboards are the way of the future, I'm holding onto my physical keyboard as long as physically possible.

Let me start off by saying that I like the phone, its look, its large screen size with super amoled plus display, and so on.  It is the LEAST flawed 4G LTE phone that Verizon currently has to offer.Pros:* Better than the HTC Thunderbolt and the LG with battery life* Awesome super amoled plus display* Almost no random reboots compared to the HTC Thunderbolt* MicroHDMI output works great* Overall better than the other 4G LTE phones currently available from VerizonCons:* When 4G LTE connection is lost it usually never comes back without restarting the phone (airplane mode toggle trick usually doesn't work) - improvements seen with leaked Gingerbread 2.3.4* When DATA all together (4G,3G,1X) is lost it will never come back on its own, a restart is required - improvements seen with leaked Gingerbread 2.3.4* Sometimes the phone will stop charging when a notification is received such as an email or text message* Using the flash on the camera immediately powers off the phone like a blackout without the shutdown process, just black screen completely off, a battery pull is required to turn it back on* Sometimes you receive a 32gb Class 2 microSD card, sometimes you receive a 32gb Class 4 or 6 microSD card with it, luck of the draw I guess, poor quality control/marketing/packing/distribution/logistics I guess* Bluetooth is buggy, Samsung uses their own bluetooth stack implementation and it doesn't play nice with all bluetooth devices out there, but what bluetooth does, but theirs is the bully on the playgroundAdditionally:Some people speculate that the speed of the microSD card is why sometimes their phones shut off completely when attempting to take a picture.  That's not true at all, it just takes longer to save the picture.  The phone shuts down completely when using the camera flash.  My thoughts on that are that the flash capacitors are drawing too much current, kind of when the lights in your car dim when you start it up.-> Excerpt from my Samsung Droid Charge Dock review:The volume controls on the dock are terrible.  When pressing up or down on the volume it is not incremental.  Pressing left (volume up) just once results in the volume rocketing to maximum.  Pressing right (volume down) just once results in the volume rocketing to silent.  I thought I was doing something wrong, how hard could it be to operate a volume control right?  I called Samsung and they stated they have had reports of the issue and were working to correct them.  The AC adapter that comes with it has less output (just 700ma) than the OEM Samsung AC USB Adapter (1000ma).  First off, that is a 30% decrease in output which means that you will be charging the battery in your phone 30% slower than with the OEM Samsung AC USB Adapter that your phone came with, or at least the adapter that most of the Samsung phones came with.  I have an Otterbox case and I was planning on being content with removing it to use the dock, but what a piece of junk.  I returned my dock.&lt;- End ExcerptThe inconsistencies are extremely disturbing.  Samsung's engineering is severely flawed.  I could go on an on.

Let me start out with the positives, and say right out that 4G LTE is awesome and the screen on the Charge is really nice although there are issues with rendering.  I love how the GPS works and it is very accurate using the free Google Navigation App.  Call Quality is also good and better than I expected.  That's it, everything else about this phone is a plain nuisance and I want to take a sledgehammer to it every time I attempt to use it.  First of all the battery is awful, the phone will discharge in less than 3 hours of usage on the LTE network.  If you let it sit idle it will also discharge rapidly.  How about this for dysfunctional engineering by a well renowned Korean company, the phone will discharge while using the GPS app even if you have the charging cable plugged into a USB jack in a car for example.  You'll get about 4 hrs of usage if you start out with a full battery and plug it into the USB jack in the car at the start of your GPS journey.  I can't understand this and Samsung makes it a point to remind you that the charging will not be effective if you continue to use the device while it is charging.  Are you serious Samsung?  What planet are you from? It is ludicrous and an example of why a company like Apple will always win out in the end when dealing with competition like this.  Also expect to charge for at least 4 hrs to show the 100% indicator.  The optional dock seems to charge faster.  Samsung sells an extended battery which is a must have in my opinion to give you about 5 hrs if you're lucky of usage before you need plug it in and forget it for 4 hrs.  I mentioned the screen as being good and it does look nice but the rendering seems to be awful at times depending on the size of the graphics on the web page.  Not sure what is going on but I'm very disappointed in how some web pages graphics look until you zoom in and things clear up considerably.  Images that look nice on bing and google images don't look so good on the charge and it's not the screen it is just poor application rendering in my opinion.  Movie clips using the media hub application looked fantastic so the device can do a great job displaying things.  I'm having a hard time using the keyboard with the XT9 option and find that it misinterprets my typing almost 90% of the time which is very frustrating.  It is very difficult to type on this device since the virtual keyboard is not as accurate as the iPhone and coupled with the XT9 errors, it makes for a very frustrating experience.  You can dictate instead of typing but that is only useful for short sentences to keep things accurate.I purchased the dock for this phone which comes with an additional battery and the phone charges a lot faster in the dock.  With the spare battery I can get by for most of the day. Love 4G and the Super Amoled screen is gorgeous.  I'm starting to warm up to this phone finally.

Lame touchwiz hampers this phone.  Keep it vanilla android plz.buttons are too far away from screen, making it very difficult to use one-handed.no notification led which is a bummer.nice to have 4g though.Bloatware takes up 3 pages of app space.  Why do you do this verizon?  Get a clue.perhaps the next software update will make it better,but samsung is terrible in releasing sw updates.

I am enjoying my new Droid Charge.  Being a bit of a novice with smartphones I thought the 4G LTE sim card was the same as the SD card that comes preloaded on the phone.  Well, inadvertantly ,  I had a slight problem with one of the cards and my problem was resolved very quickly and beyond my expectations, so hats off to Amazon Wireless customer service.  I will continue to do business here  ( oh yeah, prices are great too !! )

This phone is all promise and no performance. The first few weeks were fine and i enjoyed the super fast LTE network speeds. Then things started to go awry. First  the GPS lock seemed to take longer and longer until today (4 months later) if someone else has a smartphone we use theirs GPS as my Samsung Charge may or may not work, may or may not lock up, may or may not have a data connection.The Samsung Charge has a myriad of online GPS lock complaints. The GPS functionality has degraded to the point I have to use a stand alone device in the car because the Samsung Charge GPS is more nonfunctional than functional. Plus I want to avoid the frustration of painfully coaxing usability from my device.Then came the data connection drops. The icon indicates a 4G network connection but the connection has dropped.  It used to reset with a reboot, but now it may take several reboots and reacquiring a data connection is not alway possible. Again time to use someone else's phone.Then came the messaging problems. I sent a picture MMS at 7:20 AM one day and it took until after 5 PM for the message to be received.  I send messages that are never received or received even days later. There are times yet again that I have to use another phone to send a message.Now I have a locking up problem that requires battery removal to reset. I hate this phone. It is the worst developed half baked software running on a suspected defective platform (Samsung Charge) and the users of this phone have to deal with Samsung and Verizon sticking their collective heads in the sand when asked to comment on an update road map or even when asked about the problems.  Verizon is very inconsistent with their responses to these problems and reek of avoiding the truthful reality. There are some interesting screen captures of Verizon being all over the place on the Gingerbread OTA and giving different answers to the same complaints. I think it odd that many of the the tech support representatives I speak with seem to have a Samsung Charge that works 100% as expected.  Well just Google: "Samsung Charge sucks" and standby for the pages of comments and complaints.My phone is basically unusable as a smart phone. I have delayed a warranty replacement as I have read of folks getting multiple replacement Charges and the problems persist across multiple devices. Where was this phone Beta tested?  Because I feel like an Alpha tester.  How this phone made RTM I will never know. It sure shakes any confidence I had in  Samsung and Verizon as technology companies. They are all marketing and service sellers, the devices are a necessary evil for their profitability which seems to trump customer satisfaction.After another unusable Samsung Charge episode while traveling I finally broke down and accepted Verizon's offer to replace the phone under warranty. I am not very confident that the data connection problems are easily resolvable. It appears that the Verizon LTE roll out has network wide data connection problems going back to the first 4g device and the data connection issues are common across all 4G LTE phones. Droid Bionic the latest to experience the all too familiar data drops.This is what happens when marketers run technology companies. All glitz and fancy ads and the actual technology and customer satisfaction is secondary to "winning."Run, don't walk away from the Samsung Charge and read up on the Verizon LTE issues before buying into their 4G hype.

I am not a writer, but I do think I know cell phones, for I am a junkie. I eat and sleep cell phone news and when I became aware of this phone coming out, I went out to Verizon to check it out, with no intention of bringing it home. Once I saw how beautiful the display was and how fast it was, I decided to give it a try, making sure Verizon understood that I would bring it back within the 14 day period if I was not happy.  Sound quality is very important to me, for I am hard of hearing, so I needed to be able to return it, if calls were not clear.  To make a long story short, the display is out of this world, I can download or update 10 apps in the time it use to take me to do one on my Droid X, the sound quality is excellent (you really have to turn the speaker down when you which over to speaker for the sound becomes distorted), the phone must weight about a third of my Droid X. This phone is a keeper.  Also, some how Samsung or Motorola has finally figured out how to put 50 or 60 apps on your phone and they aren't always crashing.  Battery life is unreal and there is a larger battery if you want it. If you must have one complaint, it would be the speaker phone switch over volume - you really have to turn it down, but that is my only little complaint. Needless to say, I am keeping the phone :) Oh, I took advantage of Verizon's Trade In Program and got $96.00 for my old Droid X, which helps with the high price of the Charge.

If you're trying to decide if you should go with the charge or iPhone, here's a couple of things to consider.  I've had an android phone from the beginning . Android is a lot more intuitive. You can do a lot more with your android than you can with the iPhone  The charge has a bigger brighter screen. There are more free apps available for the charge than there are for the iPhone  however,  the iPhone's OS is a lot more stable. My charge was constantly shutting down & restarting. The battery was great as long as you were in a 4G area. When I was traveling and there was no 4G service, I was lucky to get 3-4 hours out of the battery. I remember standing in the airport, not being able to make a call, while all my iPhone friends were chatting away. The resolution on the iPhone is a lot better, however, it's not as bright. After having my charge crash one too many times at a critical moment I finally decided to make the switch to the iPhone. I've been extremely happy with it. No issues whatsoever. Although I did have to get used to not having a couple of features.  Something I believe the new OS upgrade will fix. If you're a real techie, you want to go with the charge and hack it  Otherwise, go with the iPhone

I was so excited with Charge, 4G LTE.However, there were so many things to disappointed with this worst phone ever i had.- Phone freeze every single time.- Can't hold Bluetooth signal more than 5 min, even the phone showing I am using Bluetooth device. I was disconnected with Bluetooth device suddenly, and I had to switch to actual phone, but phone light up, I am using "Bluetooth"- Battery is gone as crazy super fast.- Samsung Interface is so complex. I used to use iphone but there are more step to do something with this phone. EX, listen music, make phone call, changing internet mode, Bluetooth setup, etc. So much annoying me.I am now switching to LG Revolution, but I am very scared also.

Ordered this from Amazon for what I thought was a great price at the time, I was wrong (see below).Original phone I got could not record video unless it was freshly rebooted. Talked to Amazon and they agreed to send me a replacement. The second phone wouldn't recognize the SD card (neither the one it came with or the one from the first set) so I sent that one back and asked for another. The third set would not recognize the SIM card. I finally just decided that video recording was something I could live without and sent the third set back to Amazon and told them I'll just live with the original as is - my mistake.About a month later the set just stopped connecting to any data source, Wifi, 3G or 4G. After a few days though it magically started working again. I have have random reboots, missed calls, random notifications sometimes days late (I had none of this on my OG droid which I used in the same area) since then. The battery life can be OK but I have had it last as little as 8 hours from full charge to the phone telling me to charge it but I knew this coming in that a 4G phone would not get me great battery life.My big problem though is that I am stuck with a defective phone that seems to be slowly getting worse. I contacted Amazon and they said they would take the phone back since they could not provide me with a working model, however I used my Verizon upgrade to get this phone so the refund I'd get from Amazon doesn't come anywhere near the price of getting me any other smartphone from Verizon. So basically I can get $199 back for this set but would have to pay full retail price (generally about $650) for a replacement phone. Verizon also will not help despite the first person I talked to saying they wanted to take ownership of this problem and they insist on telling me what a great phone I have and that they get virtually no complaints about these sets.So buyer beware - I generally like Amazon BUT had I  paid a bit more and bought this phone from Verizon themselves I might be able to get resolution. As it is, I guess I'm stuck with a "premium" phone that never fully worked and will continue to slowly die for the next two years and a cell plan that I can't really take advantage of.

This is such a great phone! I am a phone fanatic just let me start by saying that lol! I alway get a new phone when I get bored of my current one, ive went from iPhone to Blackberry to Android and even had all three at once, electronics are really my thing, so I feel suitable giving a review on this great device.PROS: The Super AMOLed Plus screen is beautiful in person, colors are really colors on this phone!Super fast 1Ghz Hummingbird Processor is great, hardly any lag in this phone, switch fromapp to app effortlessy!8mp cam is pretty good for a smartphone, and 1.3mp front facing cam is nice addition!Fast Verzion 4G LTE capabilties, web browsing, movies streming (Netflix, Hulu SupportedCONS:  Battery life is not so good, doesnt bother me much because I use airplane mode duringWork, but could be a issue for others!Doesnt hold signal strength too well...i get 4G where I live so im pretty good at home,but my job area has no such luck! Maybe because I work right on the beach it may interfewith service but even in other good areas it tends to fall on "1X"Overall this is a pretty well rounded smartphone, better than the iPhone you ask? Yes and No...i really dont like to compare the two, kind of a apple and oranges type thing! Great phone for a great price...im pretty sure there is better out there...but I think I found home in my Droid Charge!

First off none of the LTE phones besides the Motorola Bionic are anything really special, but I beg everyone to not buy this. BUY THE THUNDERBOLT if you can upgrade. A much better phone then this.  All this is a 2010 phone with an LTE Radio added. There is no new features and nothing special about it Other then the great screen it has. Should not be a reason to go out and buy it! As crappy ram and older processor. The OS looks like the older galaxy phones with no real updates to them. Samsung hardly ever updates there phone or fixes problems with them. They always blame the customer as it is there fault and never theirs. Samsung does not care about there customers. All they want to do is make a quick bucks off of stupid people who do not truly know about this phone. ON top of everything they brand it DROID to make people think this is a great phone since it has DROID in the name. They put the name Droid in it to try to boost sales. No other reason!So lets stick it to Samsung and have this thing have poor sales. That way it will hurt them the most and give them the message that they can't just throw a fast one on the customers. Also try to sell a 2010 phone as a 2011 LTE phone.

I have used several cell phones including other android and I Phones. But this phone is the worst.1 Battery very bad: do not believe if somebody says battery life is great, if you use for 3-4 hrs intermittently , battery is gone and once the battery is on yellow mode you can hardly use any other features but calling2 Screen display: they boast of amoled but what kind of amoled once you are out in the sun light you can hardly see anythin on the screen, nothing is visible on screen in the day light3 Phone hangs up invariably every 2-3 days4 yesterday all my contacts were deleted from the phone , reason still unknown toI own this phone for almost a month now and i am writing this review not in any hurry, i have used the phone and know what are the real faults .camera: it boasts of 8mp camera but i dont think its of any use if all the photos and photographs taken have a yellowish background to everythingSincere advise do not buy this phone

This is a solid device, all the way through.Reasons why I bought this phone:HDMI out / HD Mirror mode, Front-facing camera, 4G, 4.3 inch screen, Above avg battery (for android).  RESULTS: For all the reasons I bought the phone, I'm pleased with.  The 4G (I'm in the DC Metro region) is amazingly fast, tested side-by-side with an iPhone over their AT&T; 3g:iPhone .47 kbpsDROID Charge 10.5 kbpsThe screen is indeed beautiful.  The phone is very light (you will want to buy a case).  It's pretty responsive, minimal lag.  Camera is terrific.The CONS:  Verizon loaded this thing down with applications that you can't delete.  Here's the upside to that:  You have plenty of memory on this with the 32gb sd card.  I installed launcherpro which you can use as a homescreen replacement, it also gives you a new app drawer, in the settings you can "hide" applications you won't ever use.  Now you don't have to scroll through it all.All in all, this is solid choice and you won't be disappointed.  If you're shopping to use your upgrade for verizon, you are most likely looking between this and the thunderbolt.  I'll say you can't go wrong with either, and I can't say that this device is better, but it's certainly no worse.  I haven't had any problems with sync'ing with our corporate exchange either.

Try this phone in your local verizon store before you go out and read unfounded reviews or buy the phone anywhere. Samsung in my opinion has done a great job on this phone and on their Galaxy line.In my personal experiences with Samsung they do care about their clients, unfourtantly when it comes to carriers software upgrades or hardware may change from original design that Samsung intended to originally sell. Thunderbolt is a Sprint Evo for Verizon with some changes in hardware to accomodate carrier's request. I test phones for different carriers and get to try out many different phones and i have tested this phone for a couple of months. For my personal phone i have the Samsung Fascinate but will be moving to the Droid Charge when i upgrade later this year, so far Samsung products have been great.

Upgraded from an HTC Droid Eris to the Charge the day the Charge was released.LOVE IT.Battery is lasting all day.  Beautiful screen.  I was considering the iPhone4, but have no regrets.  Very snappy, and light in your pocket.  It's not like a brick that the Motorola's seem to feel like.Android just keeps improving.  Don't hesitate.  It's a great smartphone.

First some background. You can call me a smartphone addict. I have had the following phones recently (not in order). HTC Thunderbolt, Samsung infuse, Iphone 4g, Nexus S, Droid X2, HTC incredible 2 and of course I had many of top 2010 phones for android. I work downtown Chicago and I take the train. I need a phone that gets reception on the train and works in my high rise offie building. Verizon is the only carrier which works. So I am limited to Verizon as long as I work downtown. Beleive me I tried AT&T; and T Mobile with different phones and they do not work well at all.The the DC (Droid Charge) meets all by criteria. I use Exchange for corporate email, and all phones do not work well on this.DC does. Email clients are not all the same. DC works well. The display is really nice. Sreen to screen, Youtube and moviess all look great. The phone is very light and feels great in hand. The tbolt was so big and thick. This phone also allows screen shots a really cool feature. I have take some and shared with friends on facebook. I cool app from the market is pi cube a 3D cube which you an customize with your own pics. It shows off the great display. I have only had this phone now 1 full day and I am starting my second, so too early on the battery life but it has to be better than the horrible battery life on the tbolt and many of the other phones I tried. Performance not as fast as the tbolt but still acceptable.reception so far better than the tbolt.I love this phone and will keep for 2 years.

You can get info about this phone from many other sources, so, I'll just say it's everything good that I read and hoped it would be.  I want to focus this review on the buying experience I had with Amazon Wireless.This was my first phone bought outside my provider, Verizon.  I was able to get the Droid Charge for a much lower price than from either Verizon or Costco Wireless, but I was nervous about not getting it directly from Verizon.  What if it didn't work and Amazon left me out on a limb, and what if Verizon wouldn't talk to me if I had problems with the plan? Well, I now know I had ABSOLUTELY NO REASON TO WORRY!Received the phone, charged it fully first, put the SIM card in and turned the phone on.  It was supposed to automatically activate with Verizon, but was having trouble.  Restarted it a couple of times.  Then remember I had forgotten to turn off and remove battery from my old phone, a Blackberry.  So did that, then did a hard reboot on the Charge--still no happiness in connecting and activating.  So, I called Amazone Wireless and the Customer Service rep was simply outstanding.  He told me no problem, and called Verizon for me to make sure everything was right on their end and after one more restart, instant success - and this was at about 8pm at night.  Amazon also automatically came through with the $15.00 of credits, as promised,in their various online stores.All I can say, is, if you can read and follow directions, you will have no problem getting your phone from Amazon and setting it up yourself.  Even if you miss a step, as I did.  After my initial experience dealing with Amazon Wireless Customer service, I feel confident that if I need anything else from them, they will come through.  In fact, the customer service was SO much better than I've had from a Verizon employee for the past few years.

Having now purchased the Thunderbolt and the Charge during the first week each phone was on the market, I have a sense for the pros and cons of each phone. Below, find my observations of each phone:Screen - The Charge has both a brighter and more distinctive screen. It is easier to see in direct sunlight (but neither phone is a pleasure to use outside.) However, both screens are more than adequate and even pleasing.Speed - Once again, both phones are quite fast, with the edge going to the Thunderbolt. I use the phone in a 4G area, and 3G speeds quickly become annoying once you have had the benefit of 4g. One MAJOR difference between the Thunderbolt and the Charge can be found in their respective abilities to connect to 4G in buildings. I never had a problem with the Thunderbolt in my office or restaurants. However, the Charge quickly reverts to 3G inside. Perhaps I have a defective Charge, and Verizon has agreed to send a new unit, so I will let you know if it is the Charge or just my phone.Battery - By now you have all heard about the Thunderbolt battery issues. I returned my Thunderbolt for just this reason. The Charge was reported to be much better. However, it is only marginally better. You will need either a second battery or a charger for either phone if you rely on the phone for internet access. Fortunately, I found a great option. The Trent iCruiser IMP1000 11000mAh External Battery Pack and Charger is the savior of the 4G smartphone. It has about 6 or 7 times the capacity of the internal battery. It will both  power and charge the phone and is about the size of a small external drive. There are smaller versions both from this manufacturer and others. The benefit of the external battery is that you can still use protective cases and other accessories which are not usable with the extended internal battery.Size - The Charge is bigger than the Thunderbolt (but not as heavy). These phones are fast approaching the size of a small tablet. They both fit in my shirt pocket, but the days of the compact pants pocket phone are gone.Other issues - My Charge has turned itself off twice in the past five days. I do not know what has caused this problem, but if you are relying on the phone for an important call and find it has turned itself off, you may long for the days of the old flip phone. With respect to the Thunderbolt, I was constantly pressing the volume control button while holding the phone. Also, the kickstand being installed upside down (you cannot use the stand and charge the phone at the same time), was indicative lack of forethought, at least as to small issues.Summary - I am afraid that the current 4G phones are not quite ready for prime time. Nonetheless, I am hooked and am not willing to wait for Verizon to implement their tiered pricing plan before getting the "perfect" phone. I will keep the Charge and live with the issues I have described above (as long as the new replacement phone does not turn itself off as well). For me, the better screen, the more ergonomic layout of the buttons (including real push buttons rather than touch sensor buttons), and the better phone performance (both in terms of hearing the caller and the clarity of the message to the person being called) were the deciding factors. However, you can get a better deal on the Thunderbolt and at least for now there are more (and cheaper) accessories for the Thunderbolt, including cases."You pays your money and you takes your chances." Good Luck!

So, this phone is AWESOME for web browsing, apps, music, etc.However, I can't use it for voice calls.  On most calls, there is a loud hissing buzzing sound.  It's startling and annoying.  On Verizon Wireless's community forum page, you can see that many, many users have experienced this problem, and a Verizon employee said the problem has been "escalated."  In the meantime, Verizon has replaced this phone for people who experience this problem and complain loudly enough.I'd stay away from this phone!

I had such high hopes for this phone. My first smart phone. UNFORTUNATELY THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST piece of junk. Cannot get a reliable browser or hotspot wifi connection despite having a strong signal in my area. They replaced the SIM card, said it would fix the problem. IT DID NOT. They are sending me a refurbished replacement to see if it improves. Now I have to use the throwaways from someone else? I paid full price for this phone and it is the worst.I am paying for a data package and hotspot phone and Verizon won't give me credit even thought I can't get on the internet!! The only nice thing is the screen clarity. This helps you see the error message when not able to connect to internet.

I have had this phone for a little over two weeks now, and I just love it!  I am consistently surprised bythe battery life of this phone  Today i shot and uploaded two several minute long videos, played an hour of Pandora Radio, surged the net, read for half an hour on Kindle, made a few phone calls, and played a.bit of Unblock  Me.  I still have over 60% battery left, and it is now 10 Pm  (I had taken the phone off the charger at 7 AM )For the most part the voice is crystal.clear, especially when you hold it to your ear, but the speaker also works well.And oh my gosh but the DL speed  when using 4G is incredible! !!  It beats the WiFi  speeds.  It has gone out once or twice, but not for more than a min pr two  But that's  a Verizon issue, not a Charge issueI love the video on this phone, and i takes a  very decent picture  as wellI highly recommend this phone if only for the sheer customization.  I recommend Google Voice Light if you don't want to spend extra cash for Visual Voicemail  I also recommend Go Launcher  I have experienced no bugs with it at all.Hope this helps.  Enjoy!

I owned several HTC phones over the years and they always had the same problems. Poor sound quality/volume. Bad reception and horrible battery life and constant lockups. I assumed this was the price I had to pay for needing a smartphone for work. I was almost tempted to carry a regular phone as well just because the smartphones sucked so bad. When the Motorola Droid came out I discovered it was just the crappy HTC hardware. Since the Bionic is delayed or canceled I decided to try the Thunderbolt hoping HTC had improved designs over the last couple years. Well no such luck I tried right up until the 14 day return window before taking it back. It was plaqued by all the same problems I had come to know from HTC. Poor signal reception, battery life, sound quality, etc. When the Samsung Charge came out I decided to try it and will say I have been pleased so far. Battery life is comparable to what I was getting with the Motorola Droid. Reception is about the same. The only thing I can complain is the volume is a litle light on the external speaker. I am in some noisy environments at times at work and it is not as good as the Droid but still far better than the Thunderbolt. Needless to say I will never consider another HTC phone again. If the Samsung holds up as well as the Droid did it will be Motorola or Samsung from now on.

I have had my Charge for several months.  I am not on the phone a lot and usually use it to read the news or check the stock market.  I do not live anywhere near a 4G service so I can only rate it on 3G.  However, the phone seems to hold it's battery charge for at least a few days and I have only had one dropped call when I was out of cell range.  I like the phone and have none of the bugs or delays that everyone that rated it poorly does.  I did download a few apps from the Android market for stocks and news.  I carry an AT&T Samsung Infuse as well due to the travelling that I do.  I always seem to have service on one or the other.  I enjoy both phones and they are both responsive with good call quality.  I may have been lucky and gotten a good ones from both companies.  I hope this helps.

I got this phone 2-months ago for 1 penny from Amazon.  Verizon wanted $100...I waited to review until I got used to the phone and could give an honest review, instead of those people who give crappy reviews because they haven't gotten used to the phone...Anyhow...This is an excellent phone.  I made sure to get all the updates done the day I activated it.  I restored my back-up from my Droid X and didn't lose a single contact.  I made Diverse  sound profiles so that I could tell who was calling and associated their text and social media profiles to my calling profile.The battery lasts around 6 hours with all the gadgets turned on, (which is better than the Droid X) such as wireless, bluetooth and 4G.  I get 10 to 14 hours if I turn off Bluetooh, and only a smidge more if I turn off Wireless.  Compared to the Droid X this is a superstar phone...The screen is MUCH better, brighter, and displays many more vibrant colors (Super - AMOLED vs Moto Crapola).  The microphone is better at understanding voice commands, and it comes with a 32GB Micro SD Card.  The calls sound way better, too, IMO.  Pair that with a nice headset (I used the Aliph 2nd gen Jawbone), and you are golden.The android experience is better than the Droid X as more apps seem to be compatible with it.  I got a case and a Car Charger for free from Amazon so 5 STARS to them too.So far this phone has outshined all others I have had.  4G is awesome!  I love how easily I can go to Hulu or Vudu or Netflix or...and stream movies.  I was able to get an unlimited data plan as I have been grandfathered in so I'm not worried about that.  The quality of playback are phenomenal, unlike the Droid X, there were no stutters or stops when acting as a Hot Spot through my wireless at home. And this phone has mirror mode so what you see on-screen you can see on your HDTV through a micro-HDMI port on the phone. As far as using it as a Hot-Spot, I have connected my Blueray, Wii, XBox, and HDTV to it at the same time and they have all performed flawlessly as described by Samsung.The only thing, and it is VERY minor IMO, is that when the phone is on with a headset the screen sleeps after 30 seconds...there is a fix, which requires you to "touch" the screen, but that sort of defeats the purpose of hands-free communication...If anyone knows of a better workaround please post it so I can "fix" and "educate" myself better.Overall I give the phone 5-Stars, because for my experiences with Blackberry Storm 2 (Waste of Money at any price)and Moto Droid X (too Slow), this phone rocks...Obviously it will be slower than a phone with a dual-core processor, but I didn't have one so I can't comment on that.Get this phone if upgrading from a single core processor and you with love it...if you already have dual core, move to the Samsung Nexus, as that phone is just awesome, even when compared to the greatness of the Samsung Droid Charge.Good Luck!

I got this phone as a replacement for my HTC Incredible 2.This phone is not as bad as the HTC, but it does have its own problems.1.) Battery life is bad.  4g is more battery intensive, but it's still annoying when your phone is always needing a charge, and a car charger barely keeps it at the current level let alone charging it.2.) phone "forgets" my ringtones.  Weird, because if I have an MP3 as a default ringer, it will still play that, though not the custom tone I have set for a contact.3.) Interface, holy crap is it slow, it takes forever to bring up the app list, phone, contacts, or even return to home screen.4.) Music app is horrible.5.) Memory usage is terrible.  Why would a phone running higher than android 2.0 have to include a factory task killer?  Oh, because it sucks at managing memory.6.) the default weatherbug clock/weather widget does not have the option to show a digital clock.  I know, small complaint, but why the heck isn't that an option?  If I want a digital clock and a weather widget, I have to install 2 additional apps on the phone?  every other manufacturer has a digital clock with weather, it's like including a rotary dial for the phone.Really wish I kept my original droidx.

I agree to try before you buy and evetually wait a while for reviews. If the person pushing the Thunderbolt knows anything, other than he PERSONALLY does not like Samsung, than he should know the Thunderbolt has a battery life of like 3 hours. At the end of the day 4G LTE is new and not everywhere. Its ok to sit on your 3Gs for a while til the bugs are worked out.

I've had this phone for two hours and so far its randomly shut off three times and have frozen up for times.  Its been slow and quirky ever since I got home with it.  I might have just gotten a turd, we'll see I'm going to return it in a couple hours when I go back out. For right now tho, one star.

Most of my comments will be in relation to my original Motorola Droid which I loved when I got it but it seemed to get slower and slower, I've even gone back to factory defaults to get it to run, finally rooted it and upped the clock speed which helped but it was having other problems too and needed to be replaced.Before the review let me vent a little, I've been a Verizon customer over 10 years with two plans, one for my work so I could write it off separately from a family plan we have for my wife and kids. We pay them far too much every month! I'm still mad that a new customer can come in and get a new Razr Droid or Bionic phone for free via amazon and other places but for a long time existing customer who pays on two accounts for years has to pay nearly $300.00 to get the latest Droid or iPhone. If I jump carriers then I can get a free phone at some other company, I know people jump every two years because of this so LISTEN UP Verizon and everyone else, your loyalty programs is not working! Reward us for staying not for leaving!Anyway I wanted to vent to a Verizon salesmen who stopped me at my local Sams Club on Black Friday and he told me about the $1.01 (after taxes) deal for a Droid X2 or a Samsung Charge. I did not want the Charge but it was a big improvement over my original Droid so I made the leap. So far I'm happy, here are my observations:Pro's:Its lighter than my old phone despite having a much larger screen.The battery seems to last twice as long as my Motorola Droid did, even when it was new.Its fast!4G is super fast, although it's not everywhere I go, the 3G and wifi seem faster in rural areas because the phone is so much faster itself.The screen is large, bright and super sharp. I watched a movie on it streaming and it looked great!Skyping is great with the front camera and works very well.I love the camera, its fast and the pictures look great! Surprisingly bright and clear.A little thinner than my old phone.Upgraded interface is nice too.I love and hate the permanent dock that houses the phone and other icons. (see con below) It's a faster way to get to the phone (hey thats what I actually use mine for most of the time) and it loads faster than the main desktops so I really appreciate the speed up!Con's:What were they thinking putting the power/lock button on the right side? I lock my phone constantly as it's exactly where your thumb hits. I'll get used to it but what a dumb design.I hate the clicking return and home buttons, It's a little thing but its like hitting a button twice so it seems like a slower function than it was on my old phone.Predictive typing slows me down. I type fast enough on the virtual keyboard, but the predictive typing is often wrong and a pain to override. I'll have to turn it off, this might not me this phone's problem as much as one of the version of the Android os (2.20)Where is the camera button? I can't locate it, my old phone had a dedicated one, on this phone it much be from the screen I think.Okay this is Verizon's fault but what a load of bloat wear! I mean there are more than a dozen apps they have pre-installed that you cannot delete, that are only usable if you pay for them! Sure I can root this phone, void the warranty and delete them. Most of them are bad apps anyway, that likely paid Verizon to force them on us. There is like 4 music players alone! So I've moved all the garbage to a folder and off the desktops to hide them but they are still there wasting my time and SC card space.I love/hate the dock that holds the phone, contacts, messages, and applications icons. I also love it as it's faster to get to these, but I can't find a way to edit this dock to get rid of messages and applications which I rarely use and would rather replace them with Chomp and a browser icon. Great Idea, poorly executed.All in all I think the Razr and Bionic are better and more refined phones but for the deal I go I'm happy. I still think service is over priced by 200%, and I am still mad that thy punish loyalty and reward fickle carrier jumping, and put a lot of junk on the phone they know most people don't use or want but as to the phone itself I'm happy with it and I'm sure I will like for 18 months and then hope I can finally find a deal on a new iPhone or Motorola that does not penalize me for loyalty.

I have had it only a few days.  So this quick review is based upon that. I am your typical user.  I use it as a phone, email, text, FB etc.1.  Build quality its nice and light feels good in the hands.  I like the 4 physical buttons compared to capacitive touch buttons.2. The super amoled + screen is the best on any phone out there..... No comparison3. Using the phone I have no real issues with the Touchwiz interface.  If coming from another phone you may not like it but its what you get used to.  The phone is powered by a 1ghz hummingbird processor it works O.K.  Sometimes the phone lags a bit.  If anything that is my only complaint with the phone.  Its not a deal breaker but when your pushing the limits of these processors for what you want the phone to do.  You get the occasional hiccup.  Of course this could be software related and it gets smoothed out in the future.  Its really not that bad but something you notice once in a while.4.  NO notification LED's  Really unforgivable Samsung.  Would have been nice to look at the phone and see a blinking led to see if you have a VM, EM or PM.  but nope.  They do have a program out there that turns the screen into a LED since the screen uses such little power.  (NOLED)5.  The biggest surprise.  Unlike the Thunderbolt that I had that would constantly die in about 4 hours of use.  I can get a day maybe a day and a half with out a charge.  This is what a phone should be.  You should not be afraid to use your phone for fear its going to die.  With that being said keeping a charger around would not be a bad idea.  After all you pretty much have a pocket computer in your pocket.  Gone are the days of phones that just make phone calls and text messages and last for a week on a charge.6. 4g LTE.  What can I say it is seriously fast.  If you use your phone on the 4g network and are forced to use the 3g network you will cry and find your self getting frustrated.  The easiest way to compare this is the first time you used Cable internet, then had to go back home to your crappy dial up.  That is what 4g to 3g is like.  If you don't live in a 4g network area or will not use it for some time.  You may want to look at the HTC incred 2.  Its the Tbolts little brother pretty much.  Same hardware - the lTE antenna.7.  In summary, great phone you can get it for 250.00 Here on amazon or 299.99 pretty much any other place.  I think the price is a little to high for what your getting.  For 80% of the users this phone will last you until the next contract is up.  For that 20% of us, when the duel core phones start rolling out at the end of the year, and we still have a year left on the contract we might find our selves itching for more power, and paying the off contract price for those phones are not going to be pretty.

I've had this phone for about 8 months now and I want nothing more than to replace it.  I consider myself a bit of a "power user", I'll often flash other ROMs to my phone, I use a lot of data, text often, don't make a ton of phone calls, though.  Overall this phone sucks.  Battery life is awful.  On 4G, I'm lucky to get through my work-day without having to charge the battery.  Developer support is not good.  Of the 4-5 ROMs I've tried over the past 8 months on this phone, none of them work particularly well.  Some seem to run great for a few days, but then they slow down to a crawl where the phone is unusable.  Samsung's stock UI (Touchwiz) is the most awful Android interface I've ever used, and their RFS file system is outdated and laggy.  Samsung's own support for this phone is highly lacking, with no ICS update scheduled.The only good things...  First, the screen.  It's a perfect size and the color saturation and resolution quality are superb.  I haven't seen a screen this nice on another phone (granted I haven't checked out any of the newer phones).  The 4G data speeds are pretty nice, too, at least when running a speed test.  The browser, however, is still pretty slow (more a drawback to Android Gingerbread than the 4G, though).  Downloads through the market are quick, as well.  I can download about 300MB of apps in only a few minutes.Overall, I can say that for the first month or two I had this phone I loved it.  That quickly turned to an indifference to the phone, which now has turned to hatred.

way better than the iphone lot of memeory tons of apps naice big quality touch screen excellent job by samsung time over time

I bought this phone directly from Verizon, having a $30 loyalty credit to cash in.Background - I had an iPhone4 through work, but had to give it up when the job disappeared. Wandering around without data access for maps & other on-the-go issues was like walking around blind. Finally decided to take the plunge and get a real-phone and data access before the Verizon unlimited data plan disappears.First - screen size - compared to the iPhone, the screen is quite a bit bigger. Which to my aging eyes is very nice. Note, I'm not going to be watching movies or TV shows on this unit; but to read email, text and do basic surfing, the larger screen size is much appreciated.Second - battery life - This is where I was most apprehensive in the purchase. Other reviewers indicated that battery life was not a big problem. My experience: wife & I took a trip to Vermont this past week. The larger screen size and network access does deplete the battery quickly, and using it for navigation, web searching to find local attractions, etc; will require frequent charging. We got about 4 hours on a charge while using the phone continuously for data access. This was with Wi-Fi & Bluetooth turned off to save juice.... just cell coverage active. To contrast, on the way back, with the phone in sleep mode, and just a little (maybe 10-15min) of web searching, we easily ended the day with 2/3 battery remaining. I recommend a good car charger and to plug the phone in nightly at home to keep it ready to roll.Third - 4G - simply WOW. I haven't benchmarked it, but the performance seems to rival wifi. Of course 4G is not wide spread, but we're lucky enough to live in an area where we get it at home. 1+ miles north, and we'd be in 3G land. Our trip to Vermont had us staying in an area that had _no_ coverage; or as I referred to it "NoG-VT". Funny, I had to ask how to make a long-distance call from the Inn's phone :)Fourth - apps - still getting used to things here. I haven't missed anything that was on the iPhone. I would like to get rid of a bunch of the preloaded apps I know I won't use; just to tidy up the apps screens & make it more organized. But I haven't figured out how to do that yet. Also note, to download apps, you need a google-talk account. Additionally, there are problems when trying to download apps when wifi is on. As far as I can tell from reading forums, this is due to my local router blocking ports needed for gTalk to work on this device. I've tried enabling these ports (on the router), but no love yet. If I turn off wifi, everything works fine, and again, given 4G speeds, don't see a loss is performance on app downloads. So I'll probably live with this, rather than punch a hole in the firewall for minimal (if any) performance gains.Summary - Damn nice. You do have to be on top of battery consumption, however.

Purchased because of great consumer reports rating and quickly became disappointed. Verizon launched this instead of the galaxy s2, big mistake. over the course of 20 months I had it replaced four times.Battery life is aweful, I highly recommend an extended batteryIt has android 3.7 if I recall and the software is just atrociousThe worse flaw in the phone is the amount of ram on it! Similar phones from the same period had about 7 times the ramThe one good feature was the 8 megapixel camera, but that too was ruined by bad software

I have had my Droid Charge for three weeks, and I don't know how I lived without it!  Battery life is very good now that I read the Task Manager section of the manual and know what I was doing wrong at first. The phone is excellent for texting, talking, emailing, calendaring, and sending pictures.  The camera is truly amazing and works better than my "real" camera!  I can also store all kinds of files and have easy access to them anywhere, and I was able to put all my MacBook's iTunes music on it via Double Twist. The phone is light, but feels well made.  Did I mention the amazing clarity on the screen?  I wear glasses with progressive lenses, but I have absolutely no trouble with the screen.  I have found many useful apps, and I now use my phone each morning to do a quick check of the news and weather. With 4G service,  the speed of everything (web, email) is phenomenal. I thought I'd get an iPhone since I am a MacBook and iPod Touch owner, but the iPhone won't access web pages that use Adobe Flash (which several sites I need to access for work do).  I'm afraid to pinch myself because the Droid Charge is the phone I have been dreaming about, and if I'm still dreaming I don't want to wake up!

This is my third Droid Phone. Started with a Droid 1, which was basically unusable due to frequent "screen freeze", and poor battery life. Second was a Droid 2, which was more responsive, but was such a battery hog that it had to be fully recharged twice a day.Third is the Samsung Droid Charge (Verizon). By switching from Motorola to Samsung I expected improved battery life or at least increased battery capacity . Nope. Same battery hog issues as the Motorola phones. I don't care how many people claim otherwise, in my opinion, these phones are unusable. Unless you either a)only use the telephonic capability or b) carry three batteries, you will likely find this phone unacceptable too.Additionally, microphone sensitivity is awful. You would think having two differential microphones to regulate volume would be a good thing. Think again, it makes my new Samsung Droid Charge useless even as a telephone.I used the Droid Charge in areas listed as "4G coverage", and notice somewhat improved application responsiveness. However in 3G coverage areas (almost everywhere), any benefit from being a 4G phone is lost....it performs the same as phones costing much less.Needless to say, this will be my LAST Droid phone. Even though I like the Android platform MUCH better than competing platforms, these Droid Android Smartphones are an expensive joke. Please do yourself a favor and wait for something that has reasonable battery life, and gets good reviews.Charge AWAY from the Droid Charge.
