
My brother had dropped his phone in a toilet which is why I decided to buy this phone for him. It seemed appealing because it was so cheap and worked well at first. But with in a couple weeks the phone began to slow down dramatically. Sometimes he won't receive calls and texts won't be received until hours later. Now we are looking into buying him another phone. We definitely got what we paid for with this phone.

The only thing good is the camera the rest is freaking bullcrap it sucks not recommended really stupid if you want it think twice.

Cut off after 30 days now won't turn back on.... We didn't cause damage to the phone. Worked well until then

after using the phone for a while i must say besides the worn out buttons the screen is in perfect condition and the phone is very fast

I have this phone, and for the cost it works good for me.I don't use it that often but it helps you get trough the dayhas gps that is very important for me.

I am extremely disappointed with this product.  The touch screen stopped responded after owning the phone for 18 months.  Google the problem.  It happens frequently.

I bought this phone because my old one totally gave out on me after having it for less than a year. I have almost had it for a year and it is still working. It is very slow sometimes. One morning I woke up and it had totally reset itself. So if it weren't for my Google account I would would have lost all my contacts. I only have Google Maps for GPS purposes I feel the poor phone couldn't handle much else.

Was so excited to get this phone to tide me over until my iPhone upgrade this summer, however, it stopped working almost immediately! I had to go back to an old flip phone temporarily. I'm in the process of returning it for a replacement, but we'll see if that one works either :(

I purchased the phone for my son & he really love it. He can access the internet, play games, take pics, and make videos. It is his first touch-screen smart phone.

I wanted to avoid extending my contract again!! so I purchased an older model phone compatible with my carrier, Sprint. The phone was in good condition and the delivery was one day earlier than projected. My only problem has been that Sprint has tried to turn off the Option on this model for tethering with my PC. I was able to get around that by buying an app called PDA-Net. It's not easy to use but it works.

My daughter was not at all happy with this phone,  it looks cheap.. ball cursor, doesn't respond well to touch..ehhh

It does not work I took it to three sprint stores in they all said it was a bad device

It doesn't work with my Bluetooth ear phone and the seller didn't give me the charger or instructions as shown in the picture.

This phone is super-slow, and it drops calls all the time. It also suffers from the same thing that people complained about the iphone 4: if you hold it the wrong way, you'll lose bars and potentially drop the call. I do NOT reccomend you buy this.

Bought for a 13 year old who likes the trackball feature.  Seems to work fine, fulfills the purpose of keeping in touch with family.

I've had this phone since I started my contract with Sprint slightly over a year ago. I love it, but compared to some of the newer phones out there and the operating systems they currently run on this phone seems a bit out dated.HTC did a great job with what they had to work with at the time. I would recommend this phone to anyone whos looking for a good starter driod. There was a recent Operating System release a few months ago that did improve a bit of the phones functionality going from droid version 1.7 (kind of a guess) to Droid Version 2.1... which is good but not as nice/fast as 2.2.There are some issues with lag now and then but its completely manageable. HTC makes fantastic phones with very user friendly and nicely designed apps and widgets already installed. My fav would be the time and weather app.. I bought my girlfriend a LG Droid and the only time/weather app on the market close to the one I have from HTC is a pain to setup and lags a bit more then I would like... unless of course you don't mind London's time and weather showing now and then lol.A great app that only works for select phone makers is called PDA Net. it comes from junefabrics.com and works as a free online tether allowing you to access the internet from your computer by plugging in your phone via USB cable. This has come in handy alot while working on the road or if you have unlimited Data (like what sprint offers) and you dont want to pay internet fees to your cable provider etc.I still currently have this phone and it is the main reason I will prob only buy HTC phones from here on out (Evo 3D looks fantastic). Hope this review helps someone.

I bought this phone as  replacement for my boyfriend's phone. We have Sprint and his died after only a month. I guess that's what happens when you get the free phone offered at sign up. This phone works just fine, I'm very pleased with the purchase and got a much better deal than anything I could've gotten through Sprint.

I've had this phone for two years and it has been satisfactory. It was a good price and has held up with few issues. The battery life is short. The touchscreen is very finicky, sometimes it doesn't pick up input. The phone keyboard is small and difficult to text on. Surfing on the phone can be time consuming. Photos are not high quality.I know, a lot of cons. But if you are looking for a starter smartphone, this is a good choice. It was my first smartphone and it was just what I needed at the time.

Do not buy this phone unless you want an technical relic for a paper weigh...  I bought two of these when they first came out. Big expensive mistake.

This phone was only such a great deal because it is a model from years before---it has a track ball like my old blackberry!!! Sorry, but its on its way back to you.

so glad i got this phone it is so cool and wonderful and great. so many features. love it so much

It always called by its self like if I want to call it will take more than a hour to close the call then it will butt call

This phone was hard to manage, small, constantly had malfunctions and the most difficult time connecting to Internet. Also every time I talked on phone without a headset my ear would conference call someone or hang up. I do not recommend.

the phone is awesome came before the day it was suppose to and nothing is wrong with it love this fone !!!! :)

Daughter dropped her phone and cracked screen. Still worked but tired of replacing phones. So found this one, NEW for under $60 which is still lower than my deductible so went with it also purchase new rubber case and Screen Protectors to go with it.  The only thing we came up with is that the Screen protector that came with it was not usable.

It's a descent phone if you just starting out with a smart phone or buying one for a teenager. The phone tends to be very slow when pulling up web pages and just slow overall most of the time. It offers some sprint apps, but the storage is very small and will free or become even slower if there is a new game or app loaded.

This is a terrible device!. A cellular failure all around. Random shut offs, serious delayed text receipt, apps misbehave in general. Waste of money.

Phone was so water damaged that when I recieved this phone it did not work properly.  The touch screen was not working either very disapointed

I got this as a desperate effort to replace my destroyed HTC Evo Shift. It seemed like a cheap replacement.And it's just that - a cheap, poor quality phone.The touch screen barely responds, sometimes I Have to tap repeatedly, harshly on the screen for it to respond.The sound quality for phone calls is miserable.The screen is incredibly small.The buttons at the bottom of the phone are archaic in comparison to modern Androids.I'm going to be returning this very, very soon, for something more modern.Don't waste your time on this.

The phone works great, just outdated. But, enough to get my by for a few months until my contract expires. Great phone for someone that does not require a lot of apps and blings.

I love it for the price and the features. A small phone with a big impact. I use it as a phone and tablet. I read books, surf the internet, play games and more.I love the 5.0 camera and im still learning to use all the features.

I was excited that I had found this product but when I received it, I took it to the Sprint store and they told me that they could not add it to my service.  The agent called the help desk and they said that it would take an addiional 10-14 days to check it out to see why they were not able to add it.  It was sold to me as new and it wasn't new.  I had to go and purchase another phone like it at another store.  It has been difficult to find a return address too.  This is the first time I have been disappointed about any purchases from this site.

This phone dosent work properly and it was probably the worst phone ive ever had.. but over all i guess you could say its a good calling phone.

If you buy this phone then you are doomed. I bought this phone just a month ago and the next day it was giving me problems. I don't even know what works in this phone. Making a call and texting are just huge tasks. It froze and  take time to process to make an urgent phone call. If another call comes while you are on the other line, the phone ceases to function.IT IS THE WOREST PHONE YOU CAN IMAGINE.

NNot very happy the phone came with a dead battery. Also, Sprint had a difficult time activating the phone because the serial number don't match their system. After 2 hrs with tech support, it was active.  Still no offer to refund the $28 I had to pay to replace the dead battery. In hindsight, not a very good deal.

DO NOT Buy This Phone To Use With Sprint!!!It will not work!!!It is not compatible with Sprint, even though it says it is.They could not get the MEID# to work either at the Sprint Store or Online.It will not work!!!Save your money...

Not as user friendly as expected and comes with apps I can't get rid of.  Otherwise the phone is okay and more suited for teenager as a first phone.

This product looks good.  I did have a little trouble getting it set up with Sprint. I have no problems with Amazon products.

not exactly the phone that i was looking for

I just purchased this to replace my wifes broken hero phone. Nothing special here just had to wait for another upgrade.

I've had this same phone for over two years now, I'm satisfied with the phone although sprints service around Chicago and suburbs leaves the phone unable to perform at its peak performance. If you need a basic smart phone that does the things you need such as email & google related items and apps ... This is a good phone for an even better price.

i ordered this phone as a gift but it i wasnt sure of the carrier and with my luck, i guessed the wrong one but they worked with me and made the return process a fast and easy one.. thanks guys!

I love it and it plays my music but it can't connect to the app store at all plus the apps aren't running all th  way correctly .

This phone is really good for its price ! Even though its a little old but it is worth way more than what you are paying for . This phone is good with many applications, texting and calling, and great with wifi connection . The only bad thing about it that it doesnt come with a sd card.

I ordered this phone as a replacement its a good phone the price was good not the smartest of smart phones but gets the job done

Bought this cell phone for my middle son for Xmas 2012. My son loves it & is very happy that it's an Android-based phone.Highly recommend for others considering a new cell phone.

Thought this would be a good cheap phone. Horrible in every way! No battery life, VERY limited apps, will randomly shut off, no feature to calibrate the touch screen!DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!! Not a single good thing about this phone.

I rated the seller 5 stars for his delivery, but he obviously didn't turn it on for very long to check it out. The battery was shot and there was someone else's photos on it. That's just the beginning. The key pad was touchy. If I wanted to use it to check my bank balance, I took at least four tries to get through because either it dialed too many numbers or the # key wouldn't work at all. It finally stopped ringing through altogether and everyone had to leave me voicemails (ringer was turned up all the way). This was supposed to be some sort of intro to a smart phone, but I tossed it and went back to the old style and with a cheaper provider, too.

I wasn't sure if I could handle a touch screen because I'm old school,lol. But this is so much better than my blackberry I cannot tell you. I'm very satisfied with this phone. It is refurbished but it looks like new and you wouldn't be able to tell the difference. It changes your words like most phones nowadays do but it isn't too annoying. I'm so glad I got it and the price can't be beat!

I wouldnt  recommend this product to anyone. The phone is too outdated to work well with Sprint network. Also the phone just kept shutting off. The internet didnt work. The automatic updates from the network never worked  either!  I had too many problems with this phone,  i just got it  and dont even use it any  longer !

The product description said mildly used, slight scratch at top.....what I got looked like it had been used underwater for years and then run over by a truck. Yeah, no thanks.

This is barely a step above the old brick cell  phones that came out in the 90s.. Horrible:( I would use a pay phone.

arrived very fast. ojlder model but I bought it just until I can upgrade. nice phone to have as a spare. smaller screen than I'm used to.

I was not to happy with this phone it runs to slow and I can't even go on face book .its like a flip phone

I have an EVO that I broke,  and thought this would be a nice cheaper version of that. I was sooooo VERY WRONG. EVERYTHING THAT GLITCHED ON MY EVO IS THE STANDARD FOR THIS PHONE. I had it for two weeks and I want to smash it to peices. Huge waste of  money!

Let me preface with Amazon being a really great service, love it for paper towels. toilet paper, and boxed mac n cheese.  Unfortunately, their electronic vendors are awful.  I got this phone on a saturday, 2 days before the earliest estimated delivery date (good thing), but it didn't come with a charger.  Ok, that is acceptable.  I scrounge around the house and find a USB charger, and Lo and Behold it doesn't fit.  No, its the older fatter USB chargers.  After rummaging through boxes in a garage, I find the thicker charger.  HOORAY!  Once again, I would inevitably be disappointed.  Attempting every single outlet and computer in the house with the charger, and discovering the whereabouts of old MP3 players to make sure the charger worked I discovered one of the most frustrating false advertisement tricks in the history of mankind.  The phone didn't come with a FREAKING BATTERY!  How could they not mention the absence of the 2nd one thing that makes a phone go???  There are 2 things one needs for a phone to work, the actual phone and a battery.  The phone being pretty damn self evident, but a battery one may just expect is PART OF THE PHONE!  GOOD LORD THIS ARDUOUS TASK TO GET A PHONE WORKING MAKES ME MISS SKY GRAND PAGERS.

Back when this phone was first released, within the first wave of 'smart'phones, this may have been a pretty decent phone. Nowadays, it is basically a brick. I bought this phone brand new and used it for about a year. The screen does not respond well to anyones fingers. The processor was incredibly slow and would lag just between swiping through the homescreen pages. If I wanted to use the internet or apps with any kind of hurry, the screen would sometimes freeze. Occasionally, I would have to take the battery out (which was near impossible due to the backing piece being almost glued on) just to turn it off. the rolling ball in the middle is the most inefficient thing I've ever seen on a phone. You had to press in on the ball to take photos, making it very hard to take a steady photo. And the camera itself would need at least 3 shots before it would focus and take a proper photo. The picture was always either too bright or too dark, and there is no flash. The video was always very shaky unless the camera is sitting flat on a table, and the audio is very sensitive.It would never hold a wifi connection for longer than 10 minutes. I would have to turn off the wifi and turn it on again. Sometimes I would even have to turn the whole phone on and off again. the battery lasted maybe half a work day, if I was lucky. A day before I finally had enough money to buy a new phone, the phone froze again, and when I turned it back on the date and time were completely messed up. Not even the sprint store employee could fix it.Please, if you are low on funds, there are so many better options for the same price. And if you really need a &#34;smart&#34; phone with a touchscreen, go with any other model

great product...for protecting your glass on your cell phone...buy it

Nice phone for the price.  My daughter lost her phone and needed a replacement quickly.  Not the IPHONE or some of the more nice HTC but it has served the purpose

I got the phone. Cant see if the 2 phones work there no BATTERS.  THAT SUCK!!!!!!!!! :'( I WILL RETURN

I have been a Sprint customer for 12 years. This year I decided to buy outside of their company so not to renew contracts. Purchasing these two particular phones for my two teenagers for Christmas. One of the phones shorted out! This is not common for this phone either since I have owned one prior, I know many Android and HTC products. This was the first for me. Quite upset!

I bought this phone for my boyfriend whose current phone was broken. He needed something inexpensive to activiate on the line until he became eligible for an upgrade. Upon taking the phone into a Sprint store, he was told that the phone had been &#34;flashed&#34; and could not be activated. Unfortunately, he threw away the box expecting not to have any problems, so now we've wasted money on a total piece of junk that we can't even send back! Very unhappy with this purchase.

I am interested in this phone, but I want know that this phone is GSM or CDMA? .... I wait for yours answers for buy a phone...

It is outdated; but it is doing the job; it has great features; I am thinking of buying the newest one.

Alright first they aren't to fast second it @!#$#@$ bad I hate it and i will never use it again i will sell it

Purchased for a friends wife to replace a flip phone. She loves it and the phone is still going strong today. Though it is outdated today, works as well now as it did the day she received it.

I bought this phone because my other one was broke, I was happily surprised by how good of a condition it was in. Its been about a month now and I havent had any problems with it. It shipped on time and was easy to get used to. Thank you!

I've had the HTC Hero for a few years now, and I have to say that it has been a fairly enjoyable experience. To start things off, it has HTC Sense, something I would say is a nice modification to the original Android. Sense as I would describe it is basically (at least for the Hero) a completely new GUI. It allows 7 main screens, extra widgets, and as HTC says, is more developed around "you". The phone is easily rootable through the XDA app Universal Androot, which is a big plus for me, but somehow, when you shut your device off, the Hero reverses the root. I'm not sure if this has something to do with my carrier (Alltel) or the actual device, but it can be tiresome to have to reroot your device to turn on WiFi tether. I am a fan of the HTC music app thats on it, it seems to be easier to navigate through than some of the main music apps found on more generic Android phones, but it seems comparable to the Brilliant Corners rom (for Viewsonic's Gtab) music player. Recording voice with the built in voice recorder is pointless due to quality, but I have found that .wav recorders found on the market proves that the built-in microphone can handle high quality recordings, and I have to say, I am impressed by it, and speaking of audio quality, tests show that it in fact, has higher audio quality through headphones (and it does support regular headphones) than most other phones, but to be truthful, I honestly can't tell a difference.Ok, so far I have been stating the pros, but lets get to the dreaded cons.First, if your looking for a phone that will make it from 7:00 AM, to 7:00 PM, this is not the phone for you, and if you are using it throughout the day, dont expect it to last to 5:00 PM. I have found though, with constant use, battery life can be as low as 4-5 hours. I have found online an extended phone battery [...] Which I have not tested, but seems to have good reviews. If you are looking for a phone to play all the latest games... well, ANY, games, forget about it! With the CPU clocking in at 528 Mhz, (and not being overclockable without a new ROM) you wont even be able to play angry birds, which by the way would take about 10 minutes to load.(I must mention here that it does come with a game on it, that seems to play fine, and doesn't lag, its called Teeter) The phone lags a lot, but it seems to get a bit better with advanced task killer. I do like to play mod files (those songs Future Crew put together, a few of the feature on Bejeweled) and if i try to do anything while i listen, it lags up and the music skips. If you are one of the people who like to install Busybox, or increase you VM size, I cant strain this enough. DO NOT DO EITHER OF THESE. I tried it, and when i restarted, my phones showed no cell connection, WiFi would not work, Bluetooth would not work, and the camera took black and white pictures, basically all the "drivers" failed. Luckily, it was fixable, I took it into Alltel, and they got it working again. The 5 Mega Pixel camera on it doesn't do much for me. If you try to take a picture when the sun is out and you are outside, you will get these strange white outlines on any objects. Video isn't much better, the highest quality video you can take, is 352 X 288, so don't expect to be uploading any Youtube videos (although it has the capability to...) Last, I have noticed an extreme amount of light bleeding as time has gone on, there are a few bright spots, and a large one in the middle. Not much of a problem, except when I'm trying to watch a video, or movie on my phone.Alright, so basic overview:PROS:* Has HTC Sense* (Temporarily) Rootable* Comes with an array of useful apps* Great sounding audioCONS:* Excruciating battery life* Unbearably slow CPU/GPU* CANNOT INSTALL BUSYBOX OR INCREASE VM HEAP SIZE (Do not even think about trying it)* Not the best quality pictures* Video has about 4 pixels and the sample rate is about 13 Hz (Ok, a bit exaggerated... then again on second thought...)* Quite a bit of light bleedingIf you have any other questions about the phone, even though you shouldn't even be thinking about buying it since it is pretty much out of date, feel free to ask!
