
The phone works great. I am living in Costa Rica ,the 3g do not works  and that is the only negative thing I have found anything else than that is good ,the  android  system  is awesome its fast and simple , there is some nice games can be downloaded for free and the others the price is no to high,the screen  resolution is impressive.if you are gamer you will love it.

PROS: Beautiful phone. Impresive screen.  Wi-FI, Bluetooth, GPS, Internet all work fine. Call audio excellent, good reception. A gamer must. Easy to use and get used to. Comes with a 8GB microSD.CONS: Game controler is a little small (and I don't have big hands). Also a little heavier than other phones. But the real problem is that sometimes while calling the screen goes blank, so you don't have access to any function, then things come back to normal (so i guess it must be something in the software). Also while playing, all of a sudden the game has shut down and automaticaly gone back to the home screen. Not very frequent but should be a perfect phone of this price.17/06/2011: A software update has practiaclly fixed all the bugs. No more closing programs or problems with the phone calls. Very happy indeed.

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono, justo lo que esperaba.. Llego justo como el producto esta descrito en la pagina.. Sirve perfectamente (3g) para la operadora Digitel del Venezuela!

Phone dose not take battery charge and don't turn on so now i have to find a certified dealer to get this problem solved.

The WiFi isn't working properly.It keeps disconnecting every 10 min and takes time to connect again.This is quite frustrating.The gaming experience is OK and the slide is hanging loose and looks like it might break anytime.

the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play R800i Unlocked Phone and Gaming Device is a good phone, android, the internal memory is too small, but all is ok..

TODO BIEN UN EXCELENTE PRODUCTO  ...LAS PERSONAS QUE USAN ESTE PRODUCTO NO ESTAN SATISFECHAS CON EL PRODUCTOMUY AGRADECIDOS

I bought this phone for my son for his birthday in september of 2012. He was happy with it for all of about six months and then the phone froze it would not work anymore. I contacted sony about the problem and they said this was common that the phone had to update. I tried the phone after the updates and the phone would not turn on anymore.  I contacted sony about the problem and they asked where did I purchased the phone and I replied amazon. I was told that the phone could not be repaired by them even though there waa a one year warranty because the supplier was from karea. Now, I'm stuck with a 250.00 phone that doesn't work.Sony Ericsson Xperia Play R800i Unlocked Phone and Gaming Device with Android OS and Slide-Out Gamepad

Excelente, muy buen telef, bellisimo y de muy buena calidad, acabados de primera, servicio r&aacute;pido, y puntual, los recomiendo 100%

El tel&eacute;fono me gusto mucho, es pantalla t&aacute;ctil, colores n&iacute;tidos, buen sonido, tiene wifi, y si eres fan&aacute;tico de los juegos la pasaras super bien con este celular, puede trabajar con las tres operadoras del Ecuador.

This phone is for players, meets expectations but their sliding screen is delicate and the phone is shock-sencible. . .

excellent product. am using in Argentina and works perfectly with the compnia "Claro".Doing everything perfect, wi fi is great, the 3g too, amazing games. The battery lasts a lot despite playing the games.The amazing operating system is best.Thanks and goodism

I love this phone. This really is the future.There's no point in getting a PSP and then another other phone.This is it all in one. perfect for a gamer.

The xperia play is amazing beyond words. I am totally in love with my phone. super duper duper duper duper duper awesome!

Many games caused the phone to halt, and then after 1 month new bugs started to pop up.The touch screen is not responding anymore, phone is turned on only if connected to the chargerhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004N861MG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

This cellphone only work in GSM mode and not with the 3G network here in Central America, you need to buy the R800a model to work flawless in this region.Thanks.

OK I JUST PURCHASED THE PHONE 2 DAYS AGO IT JUST CAME TODAY AND I CANT EVEN USE IT I HAVE TMOBILE AND SUPPOSEDLY IT SAYS THIS PHONE IS UNLOCKED... THEN WHY IS IT ASKING ME TO PUT THE  ..... SIM NETWORK UNLOCK PIN....... ?????? I CALLED T MOBILE THEY TRIED EVERYTHING FINALLY THEY TOLD ME THAT THE PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED AND I HAVE TO GO SOMEWHERE AND PAY TO GET IT UNLOCKED PLZ HELP OR GIVE ME A NUMBER WHERE I HAVE TO CALL OR WHAT AM I SOPOSE TO DO????

i bought this phone on decemeber,2011. And in 7 month one day shows  the screen like a tv with static or not signal. I have to clarify that the phone have never fall down or be beaten in any way, i have been very carefull with my phone just because i love it. So i don't understand what happend. I have wrote to the seller and i am waiting for and answer so be carefull with this.

no problems is a great phone. Todo funcion&oacute; bien sin problema y lleg&oacute; a tiempo, la bater&iacute;a no dura tanto pero es aceptable.

Xperia Play is great. A good smartphone for playing games that also has all the good things of any other good smartphone. The service was good. The product came on time, complete and I didnt have any problem

So I bought this phone thinking it would be the best phone ever cause it's the first of it's kind, well I bought it and I was happy for the first week, and then that's when the problems started, I couldn't download any of the games cause it wouldn't let me and I had plenty of space left, and the games that I had would crash a lot, and lag like crazy, I like the gamepad, but the phone isn't that great, the reception is terrible, sometimes I don't even get my messages, and I didn't receive and incoming calls, so If your buying this phone to rely on it's messaging and calls, don't get it, if you're getting this for gaming I recommend it, some of my friends haven't experienced the same problems so it may work for you.

The Phone Has Trouble With The Hearing And The Out Going Calls. I Am Very Upset With The Phone. Its A Great Phone But Im Not Satisfied With The Calls

Product came as advertised and in a timely matter. Games are addicting, can't your hands out of it :) :)

Pros:+ Gamepad has nice clicky buttons and well designed shoulder buttons+ Emulators work beautifully with the gamepad+ Fast GPU, capable of playing Dead Space or Shadowgun+ Great 4.0", 800 x 480 resolution screen. Not Super AMOLED or IPS but still very beautiful+ 5 MP camera takes great shots+ Loud, clear stereo speakers+ Front-facing cameraCons:- Analog sticks are nearly useless- Single core, won't run demanding games like GTA III or Dungeon Defenders- Screen isn't nearly as blindingly bright as an iPhone, so it is more difficult to use in bright sunlight.- No HDMI-out (huge problem for me)- Volume buttons are hard to press- Below average battery life. Gets through a day of light use but you will need an portable charger for anything more.Personal Preference:+ Hardware buttons are a joy to use compared to touch capacitive buttons+ Beautiful design+ Thick, curved shape fits comfortably into the hand. Probably the most comfortable shape for a smartphone ever.- Too slim. This makes it difficult to hold for gaming but easier to fit in your pocket.Wrap-up:As a phone I wish the display was brighter and had a longer battery life. But I like the comfortable shape, awesome camera, and clicky hardware buttons. As a gaming device I wish the analog sticks were physical and had a dual core processor. But the slide out gamepad is a massive improvement over touchscreen controls and the beautiful screen + awesome stereo speakers make for the best portable gaming experience yet (that is, until the Vita comes out).If you're a big gamer and want a device to carry out to play android games or emulators then definitely pick this up. At the moment, nothing can even compare to this phone in terms of gaming. However, if you've yet to exhaust the Nintendo DS or PSP's massive gaming libraries and don't mind carrying around an extra device, you will want to reconsider. Both of those systems offer much better games with much better controls.

Excellent cell phone, the choice was perfect and I spend free time enjoying the gamesTotally recommended for those that love this type of equipment

But I buy the Xperia play R800i, and they send to me the R800at version, it is not bad, haha, it's better becose it is 4G. So thank you so much, it's a Very good phone.-

Pros:UniqueVery good AudioWide variety of games availableCalls are generally very crispVery good phone for the priceCons:Design makes it hard to make durable casesWhen indoors reception is terribleScratches very easilyWhen dropped 3 feet with a case on onto the carpet the screen spiderwebs very badlyI have owned this phone for a year now. Its is a very good phone but there are quite a few problems with it as well.First off the screen scratches really easily and I'm talking you put it in your pocket and its scratches quite badly. Secondly the signal is terrible indoors and isn't really great outside either. I average 1 bar indoors and 2-3 outdoors while I would get a 4 bar constant on my other phone with the the same network. Finally As the last con the screen breaks incredibly easily i basically dropped it 3 feet with a case on, onto the carpet and the screen spiderwebbed. It was quite disappointing. However this phone has a lot of great features as it manages to keep calls crisp even with the poor reception and the audio is simply amazing and It really works well for all types of music.

I recently bought this phone, only because i saw on the Amazon description that the phone works with AT&T or UMTS 850 and actually it doesn't it is WCDMA 900/, it says that the phone works with AT&T but it doesn't, actually what i think is that there should be like a some kind of explanation about the bands and about the R800a that is the one that actually works with HSDPA/UMTS 850, for the people to not get confused when looking for a new phone, at the end i will need to try to sell the phone that i bought, and it's not my fault!

So the product was shipped and delivered on time with everything included. The one thing that surprised me was that a 16gig microsd card was allready installed in the phone. Thanks!

I bought this cell phone while I was on the States, and when I returned to CR the PH worked just fine.If you're affraid to buy it let me tell you that works perfectly with the sim card of the ICE on GSM evenwhen it suppouse that the R800I is not supported in CR it works perfectly.Compre este telefono mientras estba de visita en USA, cuando regrese a CR el Tel trabajo bien.Dejenme decirle que trabaja perfectamente con el chip del ICE en GSM aun cuando se supone que esta versionno es la correcta para CR.No lo tuve que llevar a homologar ni nada x el estilo solo lo encendi, tomo senal y listo.

this is by far the best product i've ever bought from amazon. stilling using the phone currently. i live in hawaii and we're number 1 in traffic. this phone saves me from a lot of boredom, from the music player to hbogo the sound and video is smooth on wifi. i have a 3g data plan so i don't stream video after leaving the house. most games on the android market are optimized for the xperia play. feels great to not touch my screen for gameplay. the irony.

Este es un telefono que indudablemente solo lo cambiare por otro Xperia mas avanzado en el futuro.Excellente graficos, buena selecion de juegos, se acostumbra uno rapido al control, en fin.Despues de comprar el mio, uno de mis hermanos vendio su telefono y se compro uno, una semana despues otro hermano hizo lo mismo, los juegos multiplayer es genial para jugar con amigos!

Though I have only had this phone for about 72 hours, I have been extremely impressed with it. In the past, I have avoided the smartphone craze because I do not talk or text all that much and I find cell phone service in the US to be  overpriced and generally underwhelming. I decided, however, to pick up this phone unlocked and it is truly terrific as an entertainment device. In fact, the ability to play high quality games with a physical control on a phone makes this the most compelling portable gaming device on the market. Discrete gaming devices may be more powerful, but most people carry a phone with them everyday, whereas there are many circumstances in which carrying a Vita or 3DS would be inappropriate. It is this seamless integration of the gaming experience into a life commodity that makes the phone unique.Yes, it does not have ICS and the touchpad thumbsticks are less than accurate, but this is a truly one of a kind device. If you love gaming, I would pick one up without hesitation before they become relics. One wonders, in light of Sony's decision not to update the phone to ICS or announce a new version, if the phone was too good. Adding a gamepad to an open and configurable operating system may well have been a choice that was too positive for the consumer.I'll update my thoughts if there is an build quality or reliability issues. Early on, it seems well-built and stable.

I purchased this phone about a month ago. this phone is amazing. everything feels right. nothind is wierd about the phone or the quality of the calls. I am on att and i wanted a PLAY that was compatible with the 3g network. I was told by some moron on amazon.com's customer service that this phone does work with 3g eventhough it clearly states it in the description. So I purchased it and when i got it; the phone does NOT connect with the 3g network only the 2g network or EDGE with att. I contacted this seller and amazon.com just to see if i could get my money back or get a proper replcement and they told be that i was SOL. Other than that this phone is great.

Good phone but not for gsm band 850 that work in costa rica .  Excelent phone you can do a lot of things  if you gonna buy it  for latin america buy the r800A version

this product arrived I knew who had bought cdm GSM, the phone is fine physically, but the seller does not help with anything, just tells you .... eto not know what could happen .... the rest is your problem because it does not help, talk to amazon entocnes and leave you about 1 week or more without knowing what to do, I'm still waiting ....

Excelente telefono, lo compre para usarlo con movistar Venezuela. Hasta ahora todo ha funcionado bien.PRO:- Es bastante rapido en todas las aplicaciones- Trae una memoria interna de 8 GB- La pantalla t&aacute;ctil funciona perfectamente no es como otros telefonos tactiles en los cuales hay que presionar muy fuerte para oprimir las teclas- Teclado QWERTY desplegable en todos los campos para incluir texto- La bateria dura aproximadamente 1 dia con uso moderado (Juegos, llamada, camara y navegacion por internet)- Auiculares con aislantes de ruido externo- Sonido del celular muy bueno, por lo general nunca lo coloco al maximo porque suena muy fuerte.- Trae instalados 2 juegos y se pueden descargar muchos mas, hasta ahora todos han funcionado a la perfecci&oacute;n.- Excelentes gr&aacute;ficos y pantalla con suficiente brilloCONTRA:- Cuesta adaptarse al sistema (Para aquellos q nunca lo han usado y siempre han manejado otros sistemas como el blackberry)- La camara es buena pero el control de movimiento no es bueno. Si hay movimiento la foto sale borrosa- Para acceder a la memoria externa se tarde un poco (revisar archivos de imagenes y videos)- La vibraci&oacute;n no es muy fuerte por lo que no es muy recomendable usarlo en este modo, ya que podria perder alguna llamada importante- Tarda mucho en cargarse

me parece espectacular, supero mis expectativas lo recomiendo lo recib&iacute; en menos de un mes buena pantalla teclado sistema muy bueno

This phone has it all. The built in game pad is amazing for games and emulators. The phone looks and feels nice and comfortable. While it does lack the power of modern devices, and has low internal memory, it is capable of doing the essentials. This includes facebook, apps, texting, calls, and gaming. I highly recommend this phone to even compete against today's top dogs such as the iPhone 5 and Galaxy. While it lacks the luxury of modern devices power, it will supply the power to do most of the things you want. For the price and for the gamepad, its well worth it.

this phone is awesome, the size is perfect, have a very good reaction time, and have a big gamma of games.

Have had the phone for over a week now and no issues what so ever. Great phone, buttons work great and was in original packaging. The only thing that took a little bit of googleing was figuring out the difference between the types of Xperia Plays out there.The R800x is the Verizon version and only works on CDMA networks.The R800i is a GSM and CDMA international phone and will work in the states with Straight Talk, AT&T;, TMobile and probably any other provider that offers a SIM card option. Takes a Sim card and is the one that I got and it gets excellent service and I live in the boonies.The R800a is the American version of the R800i and will work with the same carriers, the only difference is the initial programs that come preloaded on the phone.I bought the R800i because it was a little cheaper and the phone came ready to use, got a Straight Talk SIM card from the Walmart website and it was simply to get service started. Put the SIM card in, registered the unlimited minute pack on there website and added the APN information as described in the installation kit that came with the card. I was making calls and sending texts withing 3 min.The games on the phone look amazing for a cell phone and the controls are a big step up from fingering the screen and getting your thumbs in the middle of your view. They just work great for gaming. The screen itself is 720p which looks awesome on a 4 inch screen and enhances all the games beyond what I am used to. Would recommend to anyone gamers or not. Great phone. WIll update if any issues occur.Hope this helped save you some time.

phone in good condition and packagingfast and smooth operationgood speakers both during calls and playing musicgreat touch screen, it's smooth and responds well. no dragsgood gaming experience

Excellent cell phone, the perfect fusion between a smartphone and a PlayStation Portable console.If you love the Android operating system, and you're addicted to the Playstation, this is your smart phone

I consider that it is an excellent smartphone,and also when i purchased this item everything was exactly like it was on the advertisement,if you are thinking on buying this cellphone i really recomend you to do it.The only thing to consider is to doble check the specifications of the cellphone for your country.

Este telefono sony Xperia  como lo esperaba es de excelente calidad, tiene varias funciones que todavia no termanado de aplicar los juegos se ven nitido.gracias

I purchased 2 Sony Ericsson phones in past 2 years because of its SONY brand.  The 1st phone had camera problem.  HD Camera cannot light up from time to time.  Because that was an intermittent issue, when I sent for repair, Sony repair center returned my phone without doing anything as they cannot reproduce the probem.  Well, I totally understand they won't be able to deal with intermitten problems if they only tested once or twice.  Also, I didn't use phone camera that often, I was ok to live with that problem.A few months ago, I purchased Sony Ericsson Xperia because of its great features.  It works great in first 2 months.  Then, I noticed its sensor stop working so that my phone won't be albe to lock its screen automatically.  It is only a minor issue, I thought it should be easy to fix by their specialist.  A phone call to their support center, got a ticket number and ship the phone WITH MY OWN COST to their repair center for WARRANTY repair.After that, it all went to hell...I received my repaired phone in a couple weeks.  Guess what?  I can only turn on the phone.  That's it... nothing worked any more.  I don't know what they did to my phone.  The touch screen was completed mess up.  If I touch one spot somewhere else could be pressed or entered.  If I press 1 on the screen, number 3 or 6 will be entered accidently.  Without a functional touch screen, I cannot use that phone at all even if I want to turn it off.What can I do, I got on the phone with their custmer support.  Again, I was told I had to send back my phone once again WITH MY OWN COST...  2 weeks later, I received my phone and a notice stated "cannot reproduce the problem".  I called SONY's support and told them touch screen was not functional at all.  I beg them to check it carefully.  If they want, I can also bring this phone to any SONY shop to verify this problem.3nd time, I had to send my cell phone for repair WITH MY OWN COST.  And again, I got it back with "cannot reproduce the problem"...  Same thing happened again and again, after I sent in for 5th repair, and I finally quit.  I am not a rich guy.  I don't want throw this $500 phone away.  But, my phone is now deadly sitting on my desk.  I don't know what to do and who I should talk to.Crying....Maybe SONY built many quality products.  But, with their "friendly" service level, I won't touch any of their products in my life.

MessrsI wonder if they may be able modificarme the bill to an amount where I can collect taxes in my country, of course I'll q payment pursuant to the Offer do you publish. please can you do this???

Muy Buena atencion excelente se recomienda es un producto maravilloso en todo sus apecto la manera de como  se juega es fenamenal

i had an iphone 3gs that took a crap on me, so i decided to try an android phone, and being a gamer this phone caught my eye. i love the phone. the slide out gamepad is a great idea. the playstation pocket store isn't too great in my opinion, but i haven't looked through it extensively.  i prefer to go the route of emulators with this phone. you can get emulators for Sega, SNES, NES, N64 ect. and its great. it really takes me back, and playing those games with the gamepad is great. as a cell phone, it's nothing special. it's really what you'd expect. the signal strength is a little weaker than my iphones was, and the screen is just a little dim, even at the brightest setting. overall, i love this phone, and am extremely satisfied with my purchase. i would recommend this over any iphone i have used in the past, but it being my first android, i don't know how it stacks up against other android smart phones.

Excelente producto entregado a tiempo y en buen estado lo he usado y lo recomiendo como regalo a nuestros chamos en navidad

Muy bueno, sirve perfectamente para las operadoras de Venezuela. Lo recomiendo aunque los juego que puedes descargar no llenaron mis espectativas

excelente producto. lo recomiendo 100%. la mejor combinacion entre precio y calida. vendedor muy serio y responsable. el articulo llego a rapido y sin contratiempos, en buenas condiciones y totalmente nuevo. Telefono Celular muy bueno!

Bought this phone from the Sony store, even though it was a AT&T phone, I was able to get the unlock code from AT&T so I could use it with my T Mobile service. Great phone, feeling like a good quality phone.  I like the gaming, it came with preloaded games and I was able to install quite a few other games for free.  It has a great battery life, and I also like the dock that came with it, I got rid of my old bed side alarm clock and I now use my phone.

thsi phone was very nice and worked good before an update, how ever after reinstalling the original sw still working and kids love it

This is an excellente product thanks, It worked grate and It was like I thought, the Android system is amazing

the phone is great and as the seller stated. no problems with the company. generally my phone is an improvement to my previous one except for a few things. when playing songs in a playlist there isn't much freedom in choosing which songs i want to play first and then having them all shuffled. also, the playlist repeats itself automatically. i can't choose to have it play one time through or repeat (for the music/playlist part of the phone sony did a terrible job). the earphones that came with the device don't really fit in my ear and the phone doesn't allow other earphones to work with it (ex: apple earphones). i'm unable to sort my contacts into groups for easier access.aside from these small details the phone has been great and i haven't had much problems with it. good seller.

Well I bought this phone 1 or 2 month ago and I haven't found all the things I can do with it, I rstrongly recomend this phone for people who likes video games but also want a smartphone,its pretty fast,it has a LOTS OF FEATURES and you can find a lots of free games with emulators for ps2..

the cell phone i purchased was everything that was mentioned in the ad. The only thing I noticed that some sellers gave a 8Gb memory included, but this one did not come with the memory. Other than that, all is well. shipping was free and quick!

I absolutely love this phone, I had seen it in AT&T stores before but I had never gotten it because it was always way to high to buy it outright and I didn't want to get into another 2 year contract with AT&T. So when I saw this phone on here and how cheap it was compared to stores around here and it was unlocked too so I really liked that. So I ordered it, I got it right on time and I LOVE it.  I'm a big gamer myself and I just love this phone, it's perfect for what I need. Mainly all I ever do on my phone is call a few people, text a lot, and do some facebooking and then play games. So this phone was ideal for me. I have an Nintendo 3DS, but being a girl, it's a hasle trying to cram a wallet, keys, 3DS, phone, and &#34;other&#34; things into my purse and it not look like I'm trying to smugle something out in it, not to mention having everyting fall out when I try to get something out of my purse. So now, I have the ease of just throwing my phone in my purse and going, if I am stuck waiting somewhere, I have my gaming device with me as well. The graphics are very, very nice on this phone and I love the good solid feel it has to it, I feel like I'm actually holding something when I have it in my hand. I would recommend this phone to anyone that loves gaming as much as I do but hates having to pack up everything but the kitchen sink when you go somewhere.

1. It was suppose to be pre loaded with more free games which was no the case.2. There is no camera zoom3. Sound quality not good4. I was suppose to receive a sony erriksson head set that never arrived with the phoneIt is a complete loss

excelente muy buen vendedor super rapido  lo recomiendo a a a a a a a a a a a a

This Sony Ericsson Xperia Play R800i Unlocked Phone was ordered for my son. He liked it and fully satisfied. Good product,

The product says its new, and it has an scratch in the screen, also is not black as the picture, and its related with at&t. five months later the cel stop working, no hits o drop offs, just a bad quality product, this is a refurbished cellphone.

Great product!, excellent gaming device, as an android platform works awesome!, cool camera, great display, perfect sizing, comes with everything inside the box.

I am very happy with this product. It proved to be an amazing phone and recommend this phone to everyone and anyone looking for a phone that can do anything

I love to play videogames. This is the reason I bought this cell phone. As cell phone is very good, just as good as other phones, but as a console, it's a little short, especially for its internal memory.

I love this phone because it is original and plays playstation games!  This must be the first phone I came across that has a gaming controller attached to it and looks cool!  I totally recommend this phone because it works very well, very stylish, there's a lot of cute cases that are available to purchase for it, it's original, and so much more!

NO AT&T 3G. everything else is great. Returning R800i for R800a model instead, to hopefully get the U.S. 3G service that the product description says this one has. Great phone but cant use many functions like mapping and routing with EDGE data speeds. Return process if bought from Amazon is easy and quick, don't buy from non Amazon providers.

The cellphone star overheating, at the beginning I tough that was for star playing or using some applications, but wasn't that, there's something broke inside and get a moment when you only use to make a call and you can't use the phone near to your head because it burn you.The 3G wasn't working, only GSM and after a while (Less than 3 months) the screen goes black and does'n work anymore.

This phone is the best I've bought in life, screen quality is great and does not stay Guindado as other phones.

el equipo que estaba buscando la entrega se realizo en el tiempo estimado del resto estuvo demasiado bien sosh nsgsb

an exelent phone have everything what you need with the android os and mixed with the play station is a helpfull tool to bussines and entertiment and exelet supplier 100% recomended...

The phone is fun to use.  Has great gaming capability.  My teenage son has really liked it.  There are some issues, the screen shakes sometimes, and the memory is used up quickly.  Other than those glitches we like the phone a lot.

Even that the Samsung galaxy gets all the attention as a the best smartphone, you can't go wrong with the Xperia Play. Great for gaming, as a phone, as a personal assistant, GPS, Internet, etc... Android 2.3 is an amazing system and the option to add more apps (even not validated ones) is a great plus... I already played the included games and downloaded more.. I even tried some emulators for N64 and SNES for roms of games I own (to discard any issues) and it works fantastic....I totally recommend it!

This phone is the best for this price, very nice phone and very fast for the games but needs more internal memory. The shipping was very good delivery on time and very clean. I recomended this seller and this phone for many people sony erricson is the best phone.

Love this product! Gaming is good and the phone itself works good. So far so good haven't had any problem with this phone.

My boys got this phone/PSP as a gift for christmas and they havn't stop playing with it yet. The phone service through T-Mobile is great and they boys both agreed that this was the best gift EVER..

Very nice phone. Runs just like a phone from 2013. Even got an emulator to play more games! Very fun system!

Bad signal. This phone is ok not great . I bought it for my son and i could barely hear him.

Constantly slow, game controls didnt even work. A single 1 foot drop and the screen spiderwebbed terribly in 3 different places.  Cant save anything at all without a memory card.  Extremely small amount of memory for what this phone was made for.  Cool idea, but that don't mean it isn't junk.

If you are a gamer, just go for it, my brother loves it, it come with the game fifa, so if you are a fifa fan, you will enjoy it. my bother change the blackberry for this phone.

have been playing video games since I could hold a regular NES controller in my hands. When smart phone's first came out there was no way I was going to purchase one when my psp could do everything they could, and had quality games for it. Finally I have the best of both worlds despite what another review on amazon states. The phone works great it is loud and clear. The phone doesn't come with a really great line up of games unless your a sims fan, but it comes with perfect controls to fit all the wonderful apps. Through the android market you can find a emulator for the playstation 1, GBA, SNES, N64, ATARAI, NES, GBC, and many more. Despite the playstaion network not being on this phone through the emulators it is really easy to play all your favorite games that you already own through the emulators. I have nothing negative to say about this phone. Its not the most advanced smartphone available, but its hands down the best gaming phone available. If only the playstation Vita would double as a phone. AS ALWAYS DO NOT DOWNLOAD A ROM FOR A GAME YOU DO NOT ALREADY OWN THAT IS PIRATING.

new and working awesome and testing.This is the smartphone i need with excelent priceso glad to buy it

I just got my phone a week ago, it's a really good android phone, is kind of thick but if you like gaming, is worth it cause of the controlers. But the little problem is when I bougth this some I didn't read any specification that it was a European phone. I live in Latin Ameria and I cant use the 3G network,jusrt the EDGE and GPRS, that is really sad, is a waste of a phone. Do not buy a R800i if is meant to go to latin america, get a R800a. I googling, but I still haven't found a solution, I migth have to sell it and get another phone.

Great and affordable, just need it a second phone for every day use. This is the one music,games,social networking and so many cool things to play around. Get it you wont regret it!

A little over a year you buy this phone and I love it! I love my phone, still I have it with me, I need the housing urgently indeed! here on amazon and nobody does, if you can recommend anything other than ebay since I'm from Venezuela and we can not buy over there is the agradesco thank you very much

came on time was new the only thing was that the book was already open but no big prob this was a good buy

This is a fanstatic phone. Gaming is excellent. The d pad and face buttons feel right and the sholder button are far better than they look.Battery life is about 8.5hrs. If you are even remotely thinking of buying this phone, DO IT! Dont believe all the negative reviews. With an emulator this phone is amazing and GINGERBREAD is a pleasure to use on this device.

This phone is okay when you play games on it the battery dies in an hour or two and when doing anything else it either freezes or stops working, texting is really glitchy and will ask you to force close the texting application and if you select your new message from your notification bar it will bring you to the wrong persons text not the new one

Good device very useful for application and games, also is better if you can increase the memory. Good alternative if you do not like Iphone OS.

The sony ericsson xperia play is a exelent smarphone and game console... very recomended for gamers and  no gamers but like video games people

aguanta la pela!! buen producto!! tienda responsable! funciona excelente!! trae accesorios demas!! recomiendo al 100% desde venezuela!!! funciona perfecto con todas las operadoras

The product is awesome I have installed all my retro emulators (snes, n64,nes, ps1) and they run great.I'm extremely happy of being able to play megaman x in my cellphone :)

It came in perfect condition. It was easy to configure it. Everything was like the description said.Whenever I want to purchase another cellphone. This is where I'll get it.

The games it come with are outdated but still fun. Many new games can be added. Great phone. Great OS. No lags. No problems. Simply amazing. Only problem I had was the "Accessory" thing, couldn't use my iBeats or Solo Beats with mic.

El mejor telefono que mi hijo ha tenido y ha usado con este telefono se llenaron la expectativas requeridas, buen sistema operativo (android)

Excelent development! There is a little problem of space (interna storage space) in terms of apps instalation. The camera is excellent but it will b better if it had zoom. The gaming interface fulfills all my spectatives but currently there are not so much games.Androi works great and the reception of the phone is veru good.Very recomended

I love the screen touch ...its same like I phone or galaxy..i m loving it....Overall A very good buy for me.

Great ProductReal practice e funny cellphoneThis is a cell that have Good Quality, is durable e resistentI can play many games and have funi can use internet

fast delivery, perfect phone, the only thing it comes in german, but easy to get the language changed AND it WORKS in COSTA RICAthanks i am happy. good phone for good price.

My son has been one happy kid for the past couple of months.  That is because Verizon loaned him a Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY smartphone to review. Verizon wanted to see how technology like smartphones affect the lives of school children and my lucky kid was asked to be a reviewer.If you have read my blog for any amount of time, then you know that my son is a true gamer and the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY is the only PlayStation Certified Smartphone. That's right tech lovers, this smartphone is a also a gaming system. Instead of a slide out keyboard, this smartphone has a slide out gaming controller. And the games are stored on the phone's included SD card.The Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY is an Android based smartphone that runs the Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) operating system. It has a big 4" screen and a fast 1Ghz processor for running lots of Sony PlayStation games. It also has a 5 MP Camera and VGA Front Facing Camera for doing Video Chats.When my son received this smartphone in the mail, of course the first thing he did was start playing all the Playstation games. The Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY comes with a number of games pre-loaded on the 8 GB SD card including Crash Badicoot, Asphalt 6, Bruce Lee Dragon Warrior, Madden NFL 11, Star Battalion and The Sims 3. I did not allow my son to play all the games because some of them like The Sims 3 and Bruce Lee Dragon Warrior were rated for Teens. But he wizzed through all the games in no time flat and then wanted to know how to get more. More games are only a credit card away because they can be bought and downloaded online using the smartphone.Given that a smartphone can do so many great things, I wondered how my son would naturally incorporate using the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY on his own. What I noticed was my son became more balanced and started playing the games less and started using the other functions of the smartphone more.  To my surprise, he actually started using the smartphone to help out with his school work.My son has terms that he needs to "Google" on a weekly basis for school and instead of using his computer, he started using the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY browser to "Google" the terms for his classwork. He also downloaded a Dictionary app to the smartphone so that he could do further research for his vocabulary words.A renewed love of reading - all due to a smartphone...Another thing that shocked me is that my son started using the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY as a Kindle eBook reader. As my son has gotten older, he has been reading less books because he thinks they are boring. When I first setup the smartphone, I initially tied it my Google email account and my Amazon account which contains my Kindle eBooks. What I noticed was my son wanted to play with all the phone's apps and then he wanted permission to read my Kindle books. That is when I realized that I had some Kindle titles that were totally not appropriate for an 11 year old to read (opps!). I also realized that because the smartphone was tied to my Amazon account, my kid could be off buying eBooks and anything else that Amazon sells (with MY credit card) without me even knowing. (What was I thinking!)So I removed my Google and Amazon accounts from the smartphone and set my son up with his own Google mail (gmail) account and his own Amazon account (with no credit card tied to it) so he could have his own separate collection of Kindle eBooks. Then I started buying him age appropriate Kindle eBooks with my Amazon account and using the Amazon "Gift" function to send them to his account. I also found a number of FREE Kindle eBooks like "The Adventures of Kid Combat". Now my son is devouring eBooks faster than I can buy them.  I never thought that a smartphone could bring back my son's love of reading.What's new Auntie?...The new Google mail (gmail) account has also encouraged my son to stay in touch with extended family members. Until using the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY smartphone, my son has never been interested in sending email. But now, he is emailing my sister and asking how her day is going and checking in with his cousins on a regular basis. It is very easy because the smartphone is portable and he does not have to wait to use his computer to send an email.Do you know where your smartphone is?...There have been so many wonderful things that my son having a smartphone has initiated, that I hate to bring up the one downside to this experience - responsibility. Since my son is only 11 years old, he is not yet responsible enough to keep up with a smartphone.I bought my son a no contract mobile phone over a year ago and he has lost and found that phone so many times that I have lost count.  He lost it once at school and twice it was found by my neighbors in their grass. He is going to have to show me a heck of a lot more responsibility with his current mobile phone before he graduates to a contract smartphone.But it is nice to know that when he is ready, the things he can do with a smartphone like the Verizon Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY - from gaming, to school work, to reading and beyond - are endless.Disclaimer: Verizon Wireless loaned my son the Sony Ericsson Experia PLAY smartphone in order for me to write this review and state my unbiased opinion on how he interacted with the technology.  I was not compensated for this review.

I used to like Sony prducts. I bougth this phone... never worked nice. Was full with trash apps I did not need and after a while I had to root in order to keep the velocity OK. Now after 1 year the flax cable has bad contact. I cheked in the web and it seems to be a common issue! Sad that Sony makes such bad products now! I had a k800 and it was amazing!Just got an response from the seller Global Mobiles. They sell phones from Germany market in the USA... so to repair my 1 year old Xperia play, I must send it to Europe!

the device is in good performance, but the package it was open and the phone doesn't work in 3g line and i'm worried about that...

I bought this cellphone and it's just awesome! I'd recommend it it's a good invest! You can play just like playing in a PSP!

Muy bueno lo recomiendo 100 %  el traslado la seriedad ....todo muy bueno  estamos muy agradados con el equipo mucha suerte amigo ...!!

Very beautiful shoes arrived quickly and in excellent transportation definitely recommend these shoes are very comfortable. very good buy ...... thanks

I bought this product and it came in perfect conditions, it arrived on time. The only problem is that the charger plug it's not the american one and I had to buy an adapter. The phone works perfect, it's fast, has a good touch response and the games are awesome. It's a little big and thick, some of the games that are available for download at the android market are not compatible with the phone, so be sure that the games that you download or pay are compatible, don't lose your money. I really LOVE IT!

I've been having a blast with this phone. there are tons of games and apps for it and it has PNP update software. the screen is crisp and bright. and touch sensitivity is great. just love this phone.

por favor me podrian decir si este celular coje en america especialemente en ecuador(quito) quiero saber porque me lo voy a comprar y no seria justo que me comprara y no cojiera en ecuador por favor ayudenme con ese problema que tengo

A good phone, but don't works in 3G in costa Rica (no works in latin america). just gsm!  :-(Este es un buen celular pero no trabaja en 3G en costa rica ( por lo leido en internet ni en latino Am&eacute;rica) solo en GSM :-(

IMPORTANT: This device is NOT compatible with 3G on AT&T; nor T-Mobile in United States. The spec of the R800"i" version only support the HSDPA 900 / 2100 bands, which neither AT&T; nor T-Mobile in the US support. You will only get 2G speed. The R800"at" AT&T; version use the  850 / 1900 / 2100 bands. The great thing about this is T-Mobile is beginning to enable support for 1900/2100 in various area, so if you manged to get an unlocked version of the R800at you can get 3G on T-Mobile if you happen to live in one of those 1900Mhz supported location.I have owned devices like the Galaxy S3 and Galaxy Nexus, I sold them and goes back to the Xperia Play because for someone who love classic console gaming there is no better choice as a phone. Bluetooth gamepads just doesn't do it for me because they're not really portable and can take time to setup.GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS DEVICE:-THE GAMEPAD: I won't have to explain this.-DURABILITY: It's quite durable and can easily withstand 'reasonable drops'. I have less concern about accidentally dropping this device than dropping highend devices with Gorilla Glass.-SOUND QUALITY: Audiophiles might realize that there are not a lot of Android phones with great sound quality. The headphone output quality is very good and to my ears comparable to the original Galaxy S which is another Android device with great sound.-aGPS and GLONASS support: This allow it to get reasonably fast location fix and stay fixed. Its not the most accurate, but for a being an older device its very acceptable and probably better than many other devices that only have aGPS.-CAMERA: For being a 5MP camera with LED flash it can take decent photos. It's about 90% as detailed as the Galaxy Nexus 5MP camera, but is better with low light situation. It can record videos at 720p with continuous autofocus. However, there is a big flaw with the camera microphone's volume being extremely quiet.The CONS:-Performance: Even at the time of release, this device have a hopelessly underpowered CPU and GPU combination and only ~400mb of usable RAM. It might not play some newer graphic intensive 3D games, however it does support many games. "Classic gaming" is where its at for this device.-Low brightness: The LCD display have accurate color, but is not very bright so can be hard to see under sunlight.-Will eventually get dirt underneath the screen because it's not properly sealed, unless you're a very clean and careful person.-Camera's microphone: As mentioned, the camera microphone's volume is extremely low, so recorded videos will be very quiet.-Small gamepad: Not a real con, but the gamepad of this device is a bit small so people with large hands might get cramps. I found the "touchpad joysticks" difficult to use.OVERALL: Even if you don't intend to use this as a phone, it makes a very good portable music and gaming device, especially if you are a fan of classic consoles. It take decent photos and have good GPS signal.Note: I killed this device by installing a "wet-applied screen protector", which caused the phone to short out, the digitizer stopped working and other components messing up. So I recommend to be careful with water/moisture and don't use wet screen protectors with this.Also read my comment on this review for more tips.

I am so happy with the phone, all features are amazing, the gaming experience is totally enjoyable. Its wifi reception is ok, but I'd say a little low. When you receive your order make sure that it comes with everything they say it'll include. In my package the 8GB micro SD memory card was missing.

This phone is great for gamers, I love it.  This phone is at Costa Rica and works with ICE SIMCARDEste tel&eacute;fono es genial, me encanta.  Este tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; en Costa Rica y funciona con el SIM del ICE

Just what I wanted without doubt one of the best purchases I've made &#8203;&#8203;use it daily and I have found no fault

yeah... everything was perfectly fine, the delivery went ahead of time and i love the phone very much &#60;3if i would be given a chance to live again, i would definitely buy this phone again :)

Excelente producto a un buen precio, se recibi&oacute; de forma r&aacute;pida y eficiente recomiendo a este vendedor al 100%, el tel&eacute;fono lleg&oacute; a mis manos en perfectas condiciones.
