
I LOVE THIS PHONE BUT WHEN I WENT TO REGISTER THE WARRANTY SAMSUNG DECLINED AND SAID IT WAS CREATED FOR THE UK SO THEY WOULD NOT HONOR THE WARRANTY IN THE US.I THINK THAT SAMSUNG SHOULD STAND BEHIND THERE PRODUCT WHERE EVER IT IS.

This phone is so expensive looking, the wifi is a plus feature unfortunately the instruction manual is in German and also the charger is so funny that is also for a foreign outlet. I tried calling amazon to give me an idea how to get an English manual who also referred me to the samsung but there was no help. It is so frustrating! As I said I can give it a three stars - how I wish that there are more help when you need it...

I received the phone today with a German instruction manual.  OK, so I just downloaded the English version online.  I figured out how to do a few simple tasks, but am very angry that I have no service from my AT&T sim card!  What the heck?  I have emailed the vendor and hope they take my request for a quick response seriously!  When does unlocked not mean unlocked?

This phone came with Romanian (I Think)instructions. The phone is not listed under Samsung US. You can download instructions from England. Phone must be set up as European. Seems to work fine in US after setup.The Samsung operating system isn't as good as Android 2.2. Fewer Aps.

A nice phone, although a little pricy. It works right out of the box, and it works well both in and out of the US. WIFI function is particularly nice so that I don't need to sign up for data service with my carrier, and trapped into a 2 years agreement. One problem I have with this phone is that it's not set up w/ my carrier to send and receive multimedia text messages. It would have been nice if it came with an instruction to help to set up multimedia text messages with major carriers in the US, if it's sold here.

Good Phone but difficult to use. I started using but then gave up and went back to my older phone and keep this one as backup.

I had to send it back. The charger did not work. The manual was in Russian/or Spanish. This phone needs a user guide in English.

The phone came quickly and was new, charged and installed my simcard worked fine but is not one of Samsung's best products small keyboard is almost impossible to text I just needed a basic phone so I can shut off my Droid X work phone on the weekend, and thought it would be great to have WIFI capable, for me its just unusable I took the simcard out put it in my old phone. Ill sell this phone and get something else.

I have bought this phone for my daughter and she is very happy.Be aware with it, because, if you need the phone in french, you will not get it.HassleFreeCell is a perfect partner.

I am very pleased with the purchase of this product. This cell phone is very good and comfortable to use. I recommend this seller. Greetings from Ecuador

THIS PHONE SUCKS SO BADLY. THE BATTERY DIES QUICKLY IT ALWAYS SAYS NO MEMORY, CLOSE WIDGETS. ALSO THE MEMORY IS HORRIBLE GREAT PRICE BUT NOT WORTH IT.

This is the first touch screen phone I have and I must say that I am satisfied. It has nice applications. Is well suited for my needs.

Phone package arrived with an international version of charger(plug doesn't fit into U.S. outlet). Had to buy a generic one from a retailer for additional $11. No USB cable included. Touch sensitivity is average. Youtube streaming works well, ave. buzz time is under 3 sec. for a song, although picture quality is terrible.  Internet surfing is almost impossible-Not Enough Memory msg. keeps popping up; even after all cookies, cache, etc. were deleted & all other programs were closed. FB works OK.The most annoying thing about this phone is that it doesn't always flip to the landscape screen when you continuously flip the phone. When it flips, it went right back to the (portrait) format.Overall, it's an average phone for the price. You get what you paid for, I guess.

After the first order arrived (black), I ended up getting a second one (white)Both 100% good, and working fine.Wi-fi & B'tooth excellent on both.

This phone is very good. It is very light weight, look and feel is very good. I wanted a modern phone with wifi. After reading positive reviews here on Amazon, I ordered the phone and it arrived fast in 3 days. This phone worked perfect for me. All I had to do was just popup in my AT&T; SIM card and it worked right out of the box. The wifi feature is great as I don't need a data plan. Internet, email, Google Maps (It is under Games) and youtube applications worked fine after configuring wifi. But I had trouble getting facebook and twitter apps to work. It was displaying message to configure network settings. I posted the issue on a cellphone forum and I received a response which helped in fixing the issue. All you have to do is to create a fake network connection profile by going to Settings -> Connectivity -> Network -> Connections. Just enter some name (no need to enter any other data) and create. Voila, facebook and twitter started to work after this. I love the music player too. I bought 16gb micro SD card to go with this phone to store music, pictures and videos. The camera is nice too. I am so glad I purchased this phone.Update on May 16th ....After just six months of use, the battery died. I have ordered for a new battery yesterday . I was having problems with phone getting switched off all of a sudden from past 2 months. From couple of days, the battery was not even holding the charge for few hours (even if I don't use the phone for talking or texting) and now it is completely dead.

I tried plugging in an AT&T; SIM, but getting a message 'Phone Freeze'. Does this means that phone is locked? I expected an unlocked phone.I got the unfreeze code from the customer service.

this is a nice looking phone but I'am Sorry to say this phone didn't work for me. From the beginning, out of the box, the phone said "Phone Freeze SIM unavailable to unlock the phone her country in central America  it a is a unusesable phone no one have the softwear unlock the it not even the SAMSUNG Tech so beeware of this purches!! the phone was made for Europe..

I purchased this phone in good faith from Blutekusa, through Amazon.  I like the phone, but was very surprised when I opened the box, charged the phone, and then turned the phone on to find that it was in a foreign language!  I checked the manual, and it too was in a foreign language!  Luckily, I'm computer savvy enough to go online and I found an English manual in one location and directions on how to change the language on the phone to English on another.  I have now written to Bletekusa several times to just get them to acknowledge that they should have listed this information on their Amazon page, but they refuse to even admit that they've done anything wrong!  They say I purchased an "international" phone.  Well, I know I purchased an international phone!  It's not the first one I've purchased from Amazon, but it is the first time that it and the manual came in another language rather than English!As to the phone itself, it seems to be okay for the most part.  It does seem to loose its connection to my bluetooth at times, but don't know for sure that that's the phone or not.  Also, removal of widgets, which I didn't need nor want, took another trip to the internet to figure out how to remove them.Another issue, although I have the phone set up with Wifi, Kies (Samsung software for communication between PC and cellphone) doesn't seem to recognize the connection; again I don't know if this is Kies or the phone.  The connection seems to be fine with the UBS cable, just not with the wifi.One more little quirk, when the phone rings, the first ring is very quiet and then comes up to normal volume.  I wish it would ring like normal from the first ring.  But again, I don't know if this is normal for the phone or just a quirk.

I have purchased this phone knowing that all I want to do is make phone calls. I wanted to have a phone that looks modern (touch screen - but not a smartphone)I have service with T-mobile and all I had to do is pop my sim card into the new phone and everything worked. The call quality is good. For my purposes the phone features are adequate. The screen is responsive and well lit. I like how the phone looks and feels in my hand.The only negative thing I can say is that from time to time I get a message that there are not enough resources available and I need to shut down my "widgets" and I only have 2 widgets running (my calendar and a buddy list) I do not know what is causing the phone to shut down my widgets. Once I shut them down, after a while they come back on and for the next couple of days there are no problems.

it drops calls all the time from our home location, text pad has old school 3 letters per # keypad making texting longer, and it claims to be a smart phone but you can only go to a browser if you got wi fi available.

SAMSUNG STAR II GT-S5260I purchased this touch screen `phone, to replace my antique Motorola flip phone.  It's not a "smart" phone, but rather what's known as a "feature" phone.  This product was first introduced by Samsung onto the European market in early 2011, so it's not the newest technology.  I've had it for about a week, and thought I'd pass on some quick first impressions of a senior's initial step towards the world of "smart" phones.- Capacitive touch screen.  Seems preferable to a resistive touch screen.- After inserting the SIM card, quickly locked onto my Canadian cellular provider, with decent reception.- Sound quality during a call is quite good.- As mentioned in other reviews, the on screen keyboard has small letters, difficult but not impossible.  The number pad for dialing a `phone number seems a little more manageable.- Rotating the `phone 90 degrees will bring up the qwerty keyboard.  But with the same small letters.- Could not find this model on Samsung North America web site.  Had to go to Samsung U.K. web site to download software.  I also downloaded the operating manual as it's much easier to read on the P.C. rather than the miniature product manual included with the phone.- Downloaded Samsung KIES software to my IMAC, but the computer and/or software would not recognize this `phone model. Fortunately I still had my "old" Windows P. C. and was able to use it with KIES software to update the `phone's firmware to the latest version and to download music.- Some screen functions seem to require a heavy touch.  For example to confirm power off I feel like I'm pushing on the screen instead of just a light tap.- The wall charger supplied is a European model with an adapter plug to convert to North American electrical receptacles.  Pretty cheap looking.  I've ordered a new one.- Some reviewers mentioned that their 'phone came with a foreign language instruction manual and/or on screen displays in Italian or Spanish.  No problem with that.  Both the 'phone and the manual were in English.I have not tried connecting to the internet yet.  In my opinion this `phone is too small to comfortably send/receive E-mail or read web pages.  I prefer my tablet for that.  Bottom line it does the two things that I wanted well. I can make and receive telephone calls, and upload my favourite music so I can leave my MP3 player at home when I travel.  As I play with this 'phone over time, I'm sure I'll find some other useful features.

the ad is deceptive.  I took the phone to Jamaica, West Indies  and had to pay to get it unlocked.  Buyer Beware!

This cell phone worked well except for one major feature that I really needed.  The blue tooth connections between the phone and my other blue tooth devices would constantly drop.  I complained to the seller, an Amazon's merchant, and I was sent a replacement.  The replacement had the exact same problem.  So, I am now using my old Nokia cell phone which works perfectly when paired to my car speaker phone and my headset.  The seller now ignores my requests for a refund, saying that I am a few weeks too late.  So, if pairing with other devices is something that you need, this cell phone will not stay connected for more than a few minutes.  Sometimes it will reconnect but then disconnect a short time later.

A very useful and interesting and had had one in the past but now give it away and went back to buy 2 one for me and one for a nephew who is delighted with his S5260, this product can be bought cheap and necessary for me and my nephew, I recommend buying it.

I had an Ericsson flip open model before this phone so in a sense it's almost like a smart phone for me. Camera works great, menus are easy to navigate through. Only disappointment is that it's made for either AT&Tor T-Mobile (mine) carriers, but I have been unable to either open photos sent to me in text messages or send photos myself. A download from T-Mobile of MMS configurations has not helped. Other than that I think it's a great phone for those who do not want to spend a bundle on a smartphone.

Excellent Item: SAMSUNG STAR II GT-S5260 Black,3.2 MP Camera,WIFI, Touchscreen (Unlocked QUADBAND) GSM Cell PhoneIs really unlocked. I have used succefully for make calls, send and receive text messages (SMS), Wifi, Bluetooth.The menu is very friendly. The camera takes good pictures.Works excellent with my Cell Phone Service Provider DIGITEL and works in Edge good for Internet ServiceThis is my second Cell Phone from Global Mobiles and I can say that is a reliable supplier.Calification Five (5) Stars for Excellent product and Customer Service to:Amazon ***** and  Global Mobile *****They make a good team job,mgdavid2003

Price was not bad. I bought it because I need a reasonable for phone after my other one died on me. I dropped it in the toilet and it still works well. That's good news!

this phone worked well in the beginning. however, it would shut itself off, and drop calls. this phone could be better.

It works well, and battery life is fantastic, but the major defect is that I wasn't able to set a passwd to lock the phone (also called "privacy" lock). The phone comes without any documentation in the box, so I spent a lot time searching on the web, apparently the default passwd should be 0000, but it didn't work. There's also a key combination that will reset the entire phone to factory settings (will remove images, ringtones...etc, although it won't touch the sim card) but even this "soft" reset does NOT reset the password. So whatever they set it to when they unlocked the phone is unknown, and I ended up returning it.

I decided on the after I read the reviews. They were right. The fon is excelent. I will recomend this to anyone.

not as advertised.  works fine for talk and text but browser is set for use in Europe...does not accept USA protocol for data.

My son still use it its a good phone. will recommend it because of the price also you can't beat that

This is a simple device to use. Not so great to text although it does the job. it could be better

This is a good phone for the money. It works as advertised except for one thing: it was purchased in the US but it in Italian language. OK, we changed that, but maybe the vendor can tell us how to change the Samsung Apps store to open in English insted of Italiano? Then it would be a great phone. My wife did not want anything too technical and no data plan? so for wifi connection phone this is perfect.

so i just got this phone ordered it from on here and its nice that the wi fi works good and such but there is a big problem with this phone it will not let me send or recieve multi media mms text i dont know what the problem is but its really annoying other than that its not a bad phone the internal antenna could be better as the signal strength is not as good as my samsung solstice was but otherwise good phone for the money if you could just figure out the multi media problem we would be great

What a disappointment! I qualified with 4 stars when at last I received it in February but in May one night what turn off like I normally and when turned on next day screen went white, was damaged and now does not work. I took him to review and tell me that can not be fixed and I only worked three months. Let me know if I can cover the warranty and ask about a replacement, because I feel I wasted my money I invested in buying this phone

good and working fine

I ordered the Samsung GT-S5260 from BLUTEKUSA.  The phone arrived promptly, in its original retail package.  The phone came with a European charger, but without any converter for US outlet.  Luckily, I happened to have a converter that I was able to use to charge the phone.  When I powered it on, everything was in German.  I used Google translator (from German to English) to figure out how to navigate through the Settings menu, and was able to change the language to English.  Next, I put my T-Mobile SIM card in the phone and powered it back on.  But I kept getting the message "Phone Freeze SIM unavailable. Contact your service provider."  I tried several other T-Mobile SIM cards as well as an AT&T; SIM card.  Same result.  I got fed up and called BLUETEKUSA Customer Service.  They were not very helpful.  They claimed that this was a known problem, and was reported frequently by their buyers but it was always because of the buyers' SIM cards.  They suggested that I contact T-Mobile to replace my SIM cards (even though I told them that I've tried 3 different T-Mobile SIM cards and 1 AT&T; SIM card).  I did not believe them, but there was nothing else that I could do.  I was ready to ship the phone back for return.  But since my daughter desperately needed a phone right away (her old one stopped working), I've decided to take a chance and ordered an unlock code for the phone through one of those web sites.  Cost me $30.  I provided the IMEI number, phone manufacturer and model, and voila an hour later I got an email that contained the unlock code for my phone (with instructions).  The unlock code worked like a charm; I applied the unlock code, and the phone recognized my T-Mobile card right away.  So buyers out there, please beware that the phone sold by BLUETEKUSA may not be unlocked as claimed.A few comments about the phone itself:  After 3 days of using the phone, my daughter loves it.  She said the screen is sharp, the WiFi works great, and all the functions are basic but useful.  The calls are clear.  The touchscreen is a little slow in responding, and the buttons are very small.  Camera image is sharp.  The casing for the phone is all cheap plastic (unlike her old Samsung phone which has all metal casing).  But this makes the phone much lighter than her old one.  Overall, she is happy with this replacement.  And I am happy because I don't have to start another 2-year contract with T-Mobile, or add a data plan to her phone.

This works as a great feature phone without having to buy a data plan.  But, ours came with a German manual and we couldn't send or receive pictures via text.  So, for the manual -- go to the German Samsung site, click on Support, search for "GT-S5260," click on any of the phone options, and then you'll be able to choose and English manual download.For the sending/receiving pictures via text, you have to enable MMS (multimedia sending) and pay for text messaging with your provider.  To set up MMS,  you go into Settings/Network and create a new "Connection".  For T-mobile, you use the specifications from www (dot) tmoatt (dot) com to set up this Connection -- go to the link for "How to configure the Picture Messaging on a Samsung GT-S5230 (Tocco Lite)."  Then, you go into messages on your phone, click on the menu bar at the bottom of the screen, go into messages settings, and select Multimedia Profile, and select the MMS specs that you just set up with the new Connection.  You'll also most likely have to turn on data packets - another feature in settings.  It will work like a charm!Make sure you call T-mobile to have them put a manual block on Internet access if you don't want a data plan with this phone, otherwise your phone could hook into the Internet anyway and you'd probably get charged a per mb rate even without a data plan.

Pros:Overall I am pleased with this product and the value. The phone is very reasonably priced for what it can do and offer. It has good clear sound when conversing and works well as a phone. The speakerphone is understandable and has good volume control. The touch screen is very responsive, but does take some getting used to. A person is definitely not going to be a speed dialer using it but it can be mastered even with one hand, if you are patient. The screen is a viewable VGA resolution and even though small it is very readable, even with my OLD eyes.It has many great "features" that makes this phone a useful tool. The main feature that attacked me to this phone was the fact that it was WiFi capable. Very few feature phones had WiFi. I wanted to have a means to check my emails throughout the day when I was away from home and not need to carry a laptop all the time. (And I refuse to pay the extra expense of data fees.) Once you learn how to use these extra features effectively it can be a great device to have. The Google map App is great and I like having that to use since I do not have a GPS in my car. The camera, calendar, calculator, voice recorder and other tools are fairly intuitive and useful.Cons:Unfortunately the manual does not cover all of the feature nuances a person needs to know, so it has taken me about two months to find them on my own. The manual explains the obvious functions and then has nothing on the invisible areas that help keep your systems cleaned-up and working. The Widgets are worthless because even though they look nice, they use too much on-phone memory and I have found no way to turn them off once turned on. And you don't find that out until you are forced to shut down all Apps due to insufficient memory.Using the WiFi is great but it is at times frustrating that even though the WiFi symbol indicates a signal and you have checked the access of the device is open, you may still not have a good connection and it states "DNS Failed".The built-in web browser works very well but you better not browse a large data content web page. The phone will not have enough memory and force you to shut down the open Apps, including the browser.One of the biggest drawback is that you can only access the optional memory card from the computer cable link. You cannot transfer, edit, or modify any of the in-phone memory locations, especially the contacts listing. The only way to transfer contacts from an old phone were through the SIM card, and doing that looses ALL of the "personal" information of each contact. (SIM cards will only hold name and phone numbers.) So you end up re-entering email addresses, and etc., etc.Another drawback is the limited amount of on-phone memory available for the use of Widgets, web browser, and email. Too often I am finding myself stalled when wanting to hold more than twenty moderate sized emails on my phone, or I web browse to a site that has a lot of pictures on it. Then I see a message stating "Not enough memory, you must close some applications". Then it shows a screen to allow you to turn off some of the open Apps only to find it will not respond. The only thing left to do is to select the "Close All Apps" and then start all over. It took me quite a while to figure out why I kept getting this message when all I had open was email and all previous emails deleted. When you delete emails they are not removed from the phone memory! After much more investigating I find they are moved to a deleted file folder, which you cannot access from you email App.Installing the additional memory card does not allow you to offload that needed extra operational capacity to the memory card. Why do I need a 16GB memory card if it will not help the operational capability of the phone's features?Conclude:Now don't get me wrong, overall this is a great phone. I know you are saying "WHAT?". Yes it is. It has a lot of nice features and when they work, they work well. The problem is that it was not very well thought out for use of multiple features at one time. Allowing the expansion memory card to take some of that capability would have been the right idea.So I have had to learn to make-do with what I can use of the features (one-at-a-time and hope you do not find a big loaded website).The instruction booklet is terribly insufficient on how to [continue] using the features effectively. It does not explain how to completely erase deleted emails. It does not tell you where to find them to erase them. There are just so many other things you need to know to keep the "Features" working for you. I still have not found how to access a draft email I created so I can send it to someone, even though I can look in memory and see it is still there. (Yuk, yuk!)

Phone arrived earlier than promised.  Would be a bit of a challenge to set up MMS and Wi-Fi if not technologically inclined but can be done and once set up works great for young teens that you don't want to pay for a data plan.

The phone had more features in it than how it was described in the details which was a great thing and it's very user friendly. My little brother didn't have a hard time getting used to it.

An awesome purchase I've made. This phone is inexpensive and easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a touch screen phone.

[[ASIN:B004VMZZ3K SAMSUNG STAR II GT-S5260 Black,3.2 MP Camera,WIFI, Touchscreen (Unlocked QUADBAND) GSM Cell PhoneI bought this phone because I needed to upgrade from a flip phone.  I am slowly learning houw to use it and to check all the features it has.  It has been difficult to move faster in learning about this phone, because I am new at using this type of phone and because of its manual.  The manual is 4 1/4"x 2 1/2".  The paper in the manual is very thin and the back print shows through the front page slightly.  The print is very small.  The directions on how to use the phone are not bad.  I am not satisfied with the physical characteristics of this manual for the reasons just mentioned above.  I need more time to rate the phone itself.  I like its light weight and size.

We have a data plan but were unable to access the internet or mms messaging.  After spending time with ATT tech support and being referred to Samsung I found out this is an international phone and not meant to be used in the USA.  It still functions for making calls or simple texting but if you want full functionality in the USA you need a domestic phone.  This really isn't a problem with the phone, it just isn't made to work in America.

An excellent telephone between the advantages are:-Good overall design- Touch screen very responsive.- Easy to get issues on the network very nice.- The software for the samsung themes design is spectacular and you can make your own creations.-With a few clicks you can do everything faster (messages, call waiting etc.).-Memory expandable to 16 GB.-Ideal size and comfortable.-Very light.-Fast Wi-Fi Connection.-Lee docuemntos in PDF and you can zoom it is very good.-Execelente phone if you just want to send and receive calls as this is my case. (Suddenly I try one of these days to see how it behaves with social networks).-disadvantages:-The Orange brand of joke I leave space in the phone memory is only 30 MB which is a terrible disadvantage because if you do not go running to buy a MicroSD, you see a advertensia says MEMORY WITH LITTLE SPACE.-As I'm in Venezuela I failed to get the phone to connect to the Internet via Wi-Fi which will not let me connect to the website of Orange or any other page. Anyway I'm trying to get someone to teach you to connect via the Internet at least Wi-Fi.-The keyboard in Landscape mode when writing a text message is a bit uncomfortable because the keys are very small.- The resolution of the videos on the part of the reproduction is very poor.It's not 3G.I had more expectations on this phone but I'm getting used to the disadvantages and if I really wonder if it's worth buying this phone my answer would be yes. My rating 3 of 5.

I bought 2 of them, they come in Italian language, it toke a long time to find the place to change the language to english (thanks to google translator)chargers are not for us, seller placed a converter inside the boxes in order to work in USA, however only one of them came with converter, I left a complain, no answer!!!even if you change keyboard and language to english, still there are some setting that you can't change, for example if you click on samsung app Icon, it will take you to italian samsung website and there is no way to change that to english.Over all, don't buy it!

I like the phone a great deal, but came with a few problems.  Manual came in German, downloaded to english, but it does not take me through proper steps to connect my wifi device.  I can get connected to the hotspot device, but when I select to open internet it says DNS failed.  I could use anyone's advice right now.  Thanks

When i got my phone the complete manual was in spanish. The box was open inside the UPS shipping box. I must say the phone appeared to be brand new so i was okay with that. I plugged the phone in and charged the battery. That was as far as i got. The phone would not turn on. I just sent it back today. Was very upset.

The phone is very sensitive to touches.  Often my finger toughes the wrong button.  I plan to get a new phone from T Mobil

Charging the phone took long time to fully charge, I have to used other charger to get full charge on the phone.

It's working! I buyed this phone to my daughter about 6 months ago and I am satisfied, this phone met her requirements. Its has camera, music & video players, games and some others applications like a Translator and The Bible. She is happy and me too.

Sorry to say this phone didn't work for me.  From the beginning, out of the box, the phone said "Phone Freeze SIM unavailable. Contact your service provider".  I tried my AT&T sim card, my husbands (AT&T), and one (AT&T) borrowed from a friend out of her IPHONE.  Got the same message on all three, even after a tech from the seller told me how to reset the phone.  I even called AT&T and to my surprise, the lady I talked to said that my sim card should work in any phone.  Wish it had worked, the other features looked like it would be a fun phone to have.  I must say that the seller was prompt and courteous when I emailed them about the problem.  Unfortunately, the phone is packed up and ready to be shipped back tommorrow.

It's a non-smartphone with wifi that runs a samsung operating system for internet, so you don't have to purchase a data plan, and it's unlocked for international use. It's just a really cool little basic phone.

This phone is really good. The screen is capacitive, unlike the previous Samsung star, so it's really easy to use. The music player is great, and the phone supports multi-tasking (though it drags the performance down a bit). Perhaps my favorite feature about this phone is the WiFi. For those of you who don't have a data plan, and don't plan on getting one for the future, the WiFi is a really nice touch because it allows you to browse the internet without being forced in a 2-year contract. Most of the phone that have wifi are smartphone, which carriers are requiring a data plan with, but this phone is a feature phone. wifi is a great "feature" on a "dumbphone". The only problem I have with this phone is the annoying QWERTY keypad while texting. The keys are really small, and I frequently press the "back" key instead of the "backspace" key.  I'm getting used to it though, and it's also helpful that this phone has a feature that is similar to android's "swype", where you slide your finger across the keyboard to type. the internet browser is good, and the phone supports youtube videos. the quality isn't the greatest for videos that have a lot of action, but for the occasional stand-up comedian video, this phone performs sufficiently. the phone sports a micro sd card slot, so I can load all my music on the card and play it on the phone. I have at&t in the us, and the phone started working immediately after i put the sim card in it. the batter life is above average, but it doesn't blow you away. overall, i'm very happy with this phone.

its just a ok phone  looks much better in picture. don;t have high expectation.It work on basic stuff.I find downloading application difficult have not had any success yet

If you want a normal phone without hot-spot. I would recommend this one.it's a cool normal phone. It's easy to use.

it has all the features I need like.. phone, internet and camera. work great on English only. can not add more languages

Great little phone for text and call only.  I give up an iPhone to downgrade, but this little phone does not seem like a downgrade at all!  Highly recommend.

SAMSUNG STAR II GT-S5260 Black,3.2 MP Camera,WIFI, Touchscreen(Unlocked QUADBAND) GSM Cell Phone. I purchased this phone for my 16 year old and now, I dont have to worry about adding a smartphone plan to my cell line. The star is a good quality cell phone with above average touch screen response. It comes with some widgets, mp3 music preinstalled/ringtones,SD card slot, and on the menu you have(face book, twitter, youtube etc...). It is wifi and that is what I truly love about this phone. The set back for some folks may be the screen sensitivity and since my hands are not small, I found myself hitting other keys(I believe this would be the case with many newer cell phones). Good thing is that you can use a stylus for the screen. Overall, this was a good buy for the price I paid 109.99 including shipping in like new condition.

It broke down the first two months of using it. We took it in to lots of places but they said it was completely broken and there was nothing they could do about it.
