
This cell phone is a great buy. It performs well compared with other much more expensive phones and offers a number of very useful functions such as very good MP3 player, a camera, a calender, a to-do list, as well as other neat things. It offers texting and WWW surfing, touch screen and Bluetooth as well. One of the features I use most is; I take a photo of the people in my call list with the LG800G &#34;camera&#34; and attach it to their numbers. I can then display their pics on the touch screen so that when I touch their pic the phone enlarges the photo and displays the opportunity to call or text them. When they call, their photo pops up full size on the screen.For my life style this, under $40 dollar cell phone offers all the features I would really use in a $400 dollar smart phone.

Great! Every one should have one or two or more.  It's far cheaper than a regular cell phone does all I need it to do.  Make and receeive calls

I purchased this phone and at the beginning worked fine, looked good too. I gave it a good review, I should it had waited.This model  Lg80g s/w version V10d this  cell has been "recalled" I will like to know why Amazon allows vendors to sell a recalled or defective item? This is the model "V10d" there is a  new version of this same phone V10e which works good so I heard, but is not the one  being sold for pennies on the dollar in this site.This is it what it does: It will be working fine and then you send a message to any number which worked before, and it will come back with and an error if you answer the message  charges you 30 cents , and it keeps coming back for more . One of those messages I paid for it about 15 times before I figured out a way to just delete it each time, and not pay. Still is super annoying and the message will come back again in any other ocassion.

Couldnt even use the phone i purchased from here had to send it back to tracfone, wait for another, and all bs inbetween. Shop directly from TRACFONE people will save you a lot of time.

Good track phone. It lasted me for many years. I only switched for my job. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone.

Got this for a Net 10 plan and I think this is a fantastic phone. I use it mainly for phone calling and occasionally checking Gmail or Facebook wile I'm away from home. It's not a smart phone but for my use it is perfect especially with a $25 a month 750 minutes a month NET 10 plan. I don't browse on a phone, not even on my iPod touch because phones are too small for browsing the web, I save that for my laptop. No apps on this phone so if you are looking for that, look for a smartphone.Pros: Size. It fits well in my pocket and isn't as bulky as a Iphone or Blackberry sized phone. Easy to see dialer. Touchscreen. Easy to turn to silent mode and back as well as locking the phone. Nice clock display when in lock mode. Sound quality on calls are excellent. Hasn't dropped a call or missed a voice or text message. Customizable to an extent. MicroSD slot inside. Bluetooth. Sleek looking and slides right into my pocket.Cons: I think the Bluetooth is just to connect to an earpiece because i couldn't connect to my Ipod. Np biggie. No GPS or Google maps unless you go into browser mode. The touch-pad is not as precise as a Iphone but it still has qwerty features (though not in the default browser). It even has handwriting recognition but i find that slower than the qwerty. I love how easy it is to spell qwerty haha.All in all a great phone for $39. I had originally purchased the LG 900g but returned it for this one and i am quite pleased. It's poor mans IPhone.

A lot has already been said. I have just been playing with this phone for an hour or so. I'm liking it! I've been a Tracfone person for over 8 years, and my only complaint is that their phones are always way behind current technology. This one is still behind, but it's a big step forward.Here's what I have to add to the reviews already here:Tutorial. There is a very good interactive tutorial available on the web. You can find it via a Google (NOT Yahoo) search-"Tracfone LG800G tutorial"Here's a link:[...]WIDGETS - They are the extra little icons that live below the bottom four buttons on your screen. If you press the blue thing on the left with a triangle in it, these extra widgets pop up. If you press on one of them it will move it to your screen, and you are only allowed a certain number of them. I got two up there that I didn't want...now what? Simple. Press the blue thing again, press on the icon you want to move, and slide it back onto the bottom, let go and there it is. It would seem that you can also drag down some of the other icons, for instance, I pulled the Web one down onto that extra widget bar. Nice. Now I won't poke it by accident and use up time. But the airtime one can't be moved.

My 17 year old son loves it.  He uses all the time.  The phone works great. The pictures look good from the camera.

This is a great little cellphone, works well and has good reception. I replaced a Samsung that had Bluetooth issues, even after it was replaced. I have always had good service from my LG phones. The only minus is the keyboard, it is not the best for large fingers. This is a human problem, not with the phone.

I really did like this phone, until text messages stopped coming thru.  I called TF and they sent me out the Motorola EX124G.  While waiting for it to come in, the text messages started to come in about 3 days later.  The phone worked great so I waited to change to the new phone.  About 3 days later, the texts stopped again.  I switched to the Motorola, but did not like it, because I kept hitting the browser key located next to the message key by accident.  I replaced it with the LG500, which I just reviewed.The LG800 really was a good phone.  I really wish TF could fix the text problems and if they did, I would buy it again with no hesitation.  Most TF phones don't allow for much personalization, but the 800 allows for more than any TF I have used.  I really like the word suggestion for texting.

I've had two of these, it got damaged (my fault, the unit is robust and dosn't break easlily). I bought a new one with triple minutes for life; this makes texting and talking very cheap.You will find no serious apps for this phone whatsoever, despite claims from LG. the only &#34;apps&#34; are different ringtones and a few games. I wanted serious apps, like maps, boating charts, business apps, etc. but the 'Java 2' operating system of the phone supports no real business related apps.One very annoying feature of this phone is the automatic screen lock. You must keep pressing the unlock icon to perform tasks, such as access to the phone keyboard.Yes, it has a qwerty keyboard, but even using a pencil for a stylus it has a high entry error rate.I worked around the 'no app' problem by getting various websites as bookmarks, such as Google Maps and Weather Underground. Weather Underground will give you animated weather radar for this phone. Time spent on line is generous, they don't bill you for many minutes online. However, not so with checking your email. I use the email client the phone comes with and it gobles up your minutes quickly. I will try to switch to a net based email client such as G Mail, that may solve the problem.Battery life is average on this unit, but it charges quickly. Voice quality sending and recieving is excellent.I purchased some screen protectors and a thin rubber protector for the phone. I strongly reccomend the rubber protector because it keeps the rear access door from popping open as it is prone to do. The screen protectors are great because they let you use a stylus (a pen, pencil, car key, whatever) without scratching the units screen. The screen protectors are cheap and easlily replaced when scratched up. I bought a five-pack here at Amazon.This phone's on/off switch is difficult to use and has a 5 second lag.I talk a lot on my cell, my typical bill is under $20/month. This is a great value. I only buy minutes when they are on sale and I stockpile them up since they roll over.I live in Massachusetts (home of the New England Patriots, in case you havne't heard) and Tracphone asigned me to the ATT network. They are OK, not as good as Verizon.Summary: I've had the phone two years. It saves me a lot of money and is dependable. It 'looks nice'  but it is certainly noI-Phone.

And just like that, Trac has managed to change the title(s) of this review to say "double minutes." I got TRIPLE MINUTES; don't settle for less and as this example proves, don't trust Tracfone!The LG800G is NOT a smartphone, it does NOT browse the Web, and it arrives from Tracfone not equipped to handle MP3s or connect to any computer. This phone is talk-and-text only, dressed to look like something better. Don't be fooled, understand what you're actually getting. I got triple minutes with this phone, which is the only reason I kept it. Without triple minutes I would recommend using a different prepaid carrier. Customer service is horrible: I've been hung up on, have gotten non-English speaking reps, and in at least one case had to hang up and try again because they were celebrating the Chinese New Year and I couldn't hear the CS rep for all the noise! Tracfone corporate is no better. I recommend a different carrier if you haven't already fallen for this offer.

This is a nice cheap $29 touch screen phone with lots of features.  It can use a 4gb micro sd card for external storage, do not do what I did and order an 8gb card for it because it wont read it.  The phone has a nice mp3 player with a 3.5mm phone jack.  The camera is not the best, but I didn't buy it for the camera.  I don't have any experience with the text messaging problems with this phone because I don't text.  For me, this phone was a great value.

Bought this phone for my wife who was going back to college. It automatically locks up every few seconds and is thus inoperable. Changing the settings has no effect. Google the issue and you will find this is a chronic problem with this model. Called Tracfone customer service twice and emailed them twice. They did absolutely nothing for me. I have to start over with a different model phone. PLEASE, if you are considering the LG 800g, do your homework---this model has issues! (And Tracfone's customer service is suspect.)

This phone works fine except I am having a problem with Tracfone sending me the same text message over and over. Otherwise, reception is really good and Like all the features you get for the price.

cons:Only works out side of my town intermitantly. when im home it wont make call even if i have 4 bars but all the other phones i have had worked with full signal. I bought a $10 that works every where wit almost always full signal.This phone takes a long time to load music and pictures freezes if you leave it alone too long.pros:Has a good camera mp3 player phone is light it has good apps good sound quality it works as every thing but a phone.sugestion: buy the LG 900G it has simmalar features and also works as a phone.

I don't have any issues with the phone, but be aware of a potential problem with text messages. A couple of days after activation, I noticed that I started to receive the same text message over and over again. So I'm not getting any new text msg's, just the same old msg repeatedly. Called customer service, and unfortunately they haven't been able to help.  I'm not being charged for the msg's since I'm not opening them, but it's still very annoying.  Buyer beware.

I have had the Lg 800g for about 3 months and I hate it. The touchscreen is not sensitive at all. You have to practically hit the screen. So if your a heavy texter, do not get this phone. It's almost impossible to text on this phone. The virtual qwerty keyboard is jumpy and it makes you hit keys you didn't want to. The keyboard is also very cramped. If you text a lot get a tracphone that has a physical keyboard. One thing I must say is that its very sturdy. I've dropped it many times and it has not broken yet. The screen has also refused to scratch. Other than that, I don't like this phone at all.

With Tracfone, you pay for what you get, and what you get is a low-cost alternative to the big carriers and their bigger contracts.  What you didn't get up until very recently was decent phones.  I had been using a Samsung T301g slider until the battery started to die and I decided to upgrade my phone instead of replacing the battery.  After doing a little searching, I decided to go with this model because it seemed to be a lot more functional than my old phone, but with the price on Amazon was not much more money.  I am so glad that I made that decision, because this phone is a spectacular value for the price.The resistive touch screen works extremely well once you get used to it.  It didn't take much more than inputting my contacts into the phone before I had the feel for it down.  Although the "manual" that Tracfone includes with the phone is extremely inadequate, I was able to figure out my way around the phone relatively intuitively.  Most of the functions are similar to any phone made within the last 5 or so years, and if you get hung up there are a lot of places that have the information you'll need to get past your problem.  The interface is the only thing that's significantly different.  The phone has a very functional mp3 player built in that includes preset equalizer settings and the phone has a 3.5 mm jack on the top for a headset/headphones.  The Bluetooth isn't crippled like it has been on most Tracfones, and I was able to move about 3gb of songs to the phone without any problems (you will need to get a 4gb microSD card, though, because the onboard memory is only about 20mb).  I was also able to use the Bluetooth to transfer a handful of Java apps that I downloaded to my computer to the phone and they installed just fine.  Did I forget to mention that this phone runs Java apps?  It does.  It is a bit challenging finding apps that actually work on this phone, but a little trial and error will get you there.Oh, and it is a phone, so I should mention that call clarity, signal quality and the like are all top notch thus far, and I live on the edge of an antiquated AT&T; network out in the middle of nowhere in northern Arizona.  If it sounds good here, it'll sound good anywhere.As for the texting issue that many were reporting around mid-year 2011, it should be noted that Tracfone and LG have apparently fixed this problem with a software upgrade.  I was a little worried about getting an older software version with this phone, especially since it seemed to be heavily discounted, but when the phone arrived I checked the software version and found it to be the updated, non-buggy version.  What you need to check is in the phone's "Device Information" screen.  If your S/W Version reads: V10d, you have the old version with the potentially buggy texting.  If you have V10e, you're good to go.Pros for this phone:Good (and good-sounding) mp3 playerFully-functioning BluetoothGreat Calendar/Scheduling app built inQWERTY for textingTouch Screen works wellJava app supportGreat sound quality.Customizable home screen (all widgets can be moved or removed except the "Prepaid" one)Onboard document reader that works with most Office files, Open Office files, .txt and .pdf files.2MP camera that actually takes good pictures, and a video recorder.Cons:No GPSNo WiFiNo position sensor/accelerometerBuilt-in web browser is terrible (but can be removed from the home screen and you can use BOLT or Opera Mini apps instead)I purchased this phone along with a stereo headset w/mic (haven't had a chance to test the mic yet, but the headphones sound great with the mp3 player), a 4gb microSD card, and a set of 3 screen protectors and paid less than $60 for the entire package (all through Amazon, and that price includes shipping).  Overall, I could not be happier with the functionality of this phone, especially at that price.  Tracfone even effortlessly moved all of my minutes and service days over from my old phone (although I did have to wait for a new SIM card for that to happen).If you're looking for a great phone that has a lot of bells and whistles without locking yourself into a ridiculous contract or paying through the nose, this is the phone for you.  I cannot recommend it enough.

I have had the LG 800G, serviced through Tracfone, for about two years now. At first I was in love with it, as it was my first touchscreen phone. The home menu is customizable, the camera took decent pictures (definitely not instagram worthy though), and there was multiple ways to text. What could go wrong?Lots.Firstly, the touchscreen is not very sensitive. You have to press hard in order to get it to register what you're trying to press, and half the time it doesn't even register the right one. Texting with the QWERTY on-screen keyboard is extremely hard. You can try to write, like you can on Google now, but it's a nightmare. Basically, the only way to decently text is with T9, and nobody wants to do that anymore.Despite contrary belief, this phone is NOT a smartphone, even though Tracfone has advertised it as such. The only way you can 'surf the web' is by using precious units, and that service is slow at best. There is no wi-fi capability, which is definitely a downside.Now, for the kicker. As I stated, I have had this phone for two years. And now, the touchscreen will not work. At all. Whenever I try to get to a certain function, such as the PHONE DIALER, it opens up something on the far right of the screen. There is no way for me to place calls, text, or even access my prepaid options so I can activate the new phone that I have bought as a replacement.If you're looking for a short-term, relatively inexpensive touch screen phone, then this phone could be for you. After all, it has worked seamlessly (besides the issues with texting) for two years. If you're looking for something in the long run though, DO NOT get this phone. I have read everywhere on the internet that other people are having the same problem as me, as well as some texting glitches. The touchscreen will more than likely stop working after awhile, and then you will be stuck with a phone that only works with receiving incoming calls.

Pretty phone, but a total waste of time to browse, search, or enter contacts.  Why? Because it has a qwerty keyboard ONLY for texting.  When you browse the web or add a contact you are limited to a virtual keypad or buggy handwriting recognition. It would have been useful to know that before purchase. I did not find that in any of the dozens of online reviews I read, and Tracfone and LG kinda forget to mention that detail in any of their literature.  I feel deceived.A KEYPAD? With that much computing power on the phone?  So you have to hit 4 times to get "S" or try several times to have it recognize a handwritten "g". It is no improvement over a 6 year old flip phone.Forget browsing. See how long it takes to enter the url for amazon.com, or enter search terms in Amazon like "LG 800G Net10". After 7 airtime minutes trying handwriting recognition to input a secure password with special symbols, I gave up.How hard could it be to enable the keyboard for contacts and browsing? I am returning it and getting one that has a qwerty keyboard for all purposes.LG, don't waste my time.--- edit ---It gets worse. The keypad locks after 3 seconds. So, if you call and get a phone menu, you have to press and hold "Unlock", then choose "keypad", then press a number. The phone menu voice will say something, and your phone is locked again. You have to unlock it AGAIN and choose keypad for every - single - menu - choice. There is no setting to change this.

I wish I would have looked at what facebook users were saying about this before I bought it. After two days of activation, I can't receive any text messages. I can send them, but not receive. This is apparently a common problem. I'm sending mine back.

Do not purchase this phone if it doesn't include TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE. The unit is now being marketed by Tracfone with Triple Minutes for Life. I recommend if you are going to do business with Tracfone to make all of your purchases directly from them on-line for best warranty service. There are many promotional codes available. You can find excellent promo code information here: [...]

I am not an avid phone or text user but I do use both moderately.  I would not leave the house or go on a trip without my cell phone, but I say what I have to say and get off it.  However I was paying 3x/month over what I needed for under 200 min./mo.  I investigated plans and phones listed in Consumer Reports and decided to give this one a try.  It is really great; everything I was looking for.  I don't use the mobile internet so I save minutes there.  The calls are clear, my family in various states didn't even know I changed from the expensive plan until I told them.  The camera isn't the best quality but I have a good quality pocket camera I've always carried, so not a big deal. The phone manual leaves alot to be desired.  I learned it mostly through trial and error, but it was really easy to pick up.  I would recommend it to anyone.

Recently purchased this phone from Tracfone with triple minutes for life. Had to ditch my contract with Verizon because my monthly bill of almost $100 for unlimited everything on my HTC Incredible 2 is simply too expensive as I will soon be laid-off and don't know when I'll get another job that pays what I make now.I've had Tracfone in the past and they're OK, pretty much only good for a basic phone, nothing much else. This LG800G is sort-of OK. Maybe I'm just having smartphone withdrawals. Call quality is decent, almost better than it was through Verizon. I get a stronger signal than I did with Verizon too, but that's the same for my old Tracfones too. The internet browser is nothing special, though it does seem to display most pages. I haven't tried anything that runs flash yet though. It's only a little slower than my 3G was through Verizon, but I didn't buy this thing to surf the web either. Texting is pretty much a chore, if you ask me.  It does have a QWERTY keyboard that you set if you want, but the keys are too small to do any lengthy messages, though you obviously can if you have patience and good coordination. When texting, there is a slight lag from what key you push and when it shows on the "notepad" part in the message you're composing, it's a little annoying.  I've just discovered that in order to make texting a little easier, calibrate the touchpad with something that has a fine point, NOT with your finger, like I originally did.  This way you're not hitting every other key around the one you're trying to when typing texts. Text messages DO NOT display the name or number of who ever is sending it to you until you pay for it, which blows. However, to send/receive texts it's still only .3 minutes deducted, just like my old Tracfones, which is nice and cheap. Oh, and the predictive part of the texting sucks too, it doesn't know many words. I just typed and sent a few messages while posting this, and I'm just going to conclude that texting on this phone SUCKS. The camera is crappy but will get the job done. I used my camera on my HTC mainly to compare prices when shopping so this camera will achieve the same no problem. The speaker on the phone is cheap and sound quality is nasty, but whatever. Get some sort of sticky case for this thing too, it's slick as hell!Basically if the phone wasn't such a deal, with having TRIPLE minutes for life, and I wasn't losing my job, I'd have kept my contract on my HTC. But compared to other Tracfones I've had, this is pretty decent. Like the title of this post says, it's just a wannabie smart (but still) dumb-phone.

The only reason I gave this 4 out of 5 stars is because it is so hard to get apps for.  Most of the app sites that you have to visit on your phone to download do not support this phone.  However if you are not into apps and just want a cool phone to use.  It is a good one.  Iv not had any problems with the text messages like other users have.  You MUST get a screen protector though, the screen on this phone will scuff easily.  You can put movies on this phone and watch them.

I am pretty amazed that I even have a touch screen phone when my carrier is TracFone.I must say LG and TracFone have done an amazing job for their first touch screen phone.I look forward to see what they come up with in the future.---Things I like---Ability to take videos (2.0 mgp)Touch Screen is durableMp3 playerNice texting keyboard (iPhone style)---Things I dislike---You must buy a micro sd card in order tosave mp3 files and large amounts of photos.Does not come with usb cord to connect to computer.Touch screen is a little slow.Keyboard letters are kind of small, for my fingers at least.

It was a challenge to get the phone in working order. To make a long story short, after a few calls to Tracfone, the phone I ordered was replaced and then the replacement phone had to have a new SIM card installed. It works great now, though. I'm expecially enjoying the texting with the grandchildren.

Pretty solid phone and service was excellent. Very nice features and I would recommend to anyone looking for a non-contract phone.

I bought this phone for my 80 year old father, afraid that he would have a hard time, but it was alot easier for him than a phone with the regular keys.  No problems so far.

I thought I was upgrading from my little reliable flip phone when I bought this phone with triple minutes for life. I was so excited! Triple minutes for what? It says there is 'mobile web access' but doesn't explain what that means. The 'owners manual'  is not worth the ink it took to print it. I know now that it has very limited pre-selected web access. I cannot access my email, unless I change to yahoo or one of the other 'mobile web' apps. I don't use facebook or ebay so that does me no good. What is the purpose of the choice 'Enter URL?' You can't get anywhere! I have not tried texting.  It will make phone calls, and it does have a touch screen.  I will keep my little reliable flip phone, thank you; I haven't gained anything with this phone except a touch screen and I can live without that. This phone is not much more than a toy and makes a lovely paperweight - maybe a chew toy for my cats.

I have been a tracfone customer for probably 10 years or more and I have to say this is the worse tracfone I've ever owned.  I usually purchase a new tracfone about every 2 years so I've had about 5 tracfones.  I was interested in this phone because it's the first touchscreen phone that tracfone has offered.  I've had a difficult time powering on the phone ever since I purchased it.  I have to press the power button on the upper right corner of the phone numerous times to get the phone to turn on.  The reception is very poor in buildings.  I was able to make and receive calls in my office on all of my other tracfones but with this phone it's very difficult to receive signals inside the building.  I'm planning on dumping this phone by the end of the year for something else.  I see now that tracfone is offering a motorola touchscreen phone.  It's currently priced at $80.00 but I don't want to pay that much for a pre-paid phone.  Based upon my own experience I cannot recommend this phone.09/30/2011 One thing I forgot to mention.  The instruction manual for this phone is very poor.  You're better off searching the Internet for information about this phone rather than reading the instruction manual that comes with this phone.

I believe this is the best cellphone yet to use with TracFone to this date (August 2011).  It's not quite a smartphone, but it's close.  I don't have to repeat the great features and capabilities; you can look at the specifications and see those yourself.  They all work well.While some have expressed concerns about the touch-screen sensitivity, I have not noticed any major problems with mine.A minor worry: max volume level for messages, memos and music is just adequate.  Ring tone volume is fine, however.I hope someday to see an improved version that supports many more of the great applications currently available with better known smartphones such as those from Apple and Google and others.  Currently the LG800G does very well with most generalized Java based applications.The price with double minutes is fantastic!  I would recommend to TracFone users.Update:  August 6, 2011Under video resolution, the specs indicate "no built-in video recorder".  I'm confused.  I'm recording videos and playing them back on this unit.  This spec must be in error... or I don't understand what the spec means.

Sold it right after I received it. No wireless connectivity, Buy the 840G, you will be happier

The phone has many of the features as the major brand phones but Tracfone is better suited to our needs. Down side is the lack of good instructions but there are sites that give a complete overview of the Net10 which is exactly how the Tracphone works. I also purchased a second phone for my wife  she was envious.

I bought the LG800G to use in my area. After getting it I was told by Tracfone I couldn't use it here. So I ended up sending it back. I really liked the touch phone, it had had a lot of nice features. Tracfone is the product I am not happy with. They should let a customer use any one of the phones that are offered. Not pick and choose what phone can be use in what areas.20 miles away the phone would work but they said not in my area! Not happy with Tracfone and have been using them for years now.

I really like this phone it has really good sound quality. I have been a long time Tracfone user and wanted to upgrade from my flip phone. I can hear so much clearer on this little phone. I have had no issues with it whatsoever. It was really easy to transfer my old phone number over too as well. Took about 25 minutes before all my minutes and new phone was activated.I took it out and tested it all over where I live and it works great. I am on the AT&T network. I am going to order another one for my 12 year old. Great buy!

This is my first use of a touch screen phone.  It took some time getting the hang of it but no big deal.  I don't like this phone because it doesn't give me the option to "Block" numbers from calls or text messages.  Even though my number is on the "Marketers do not call" list, I receive calls asking "If I will participate in s survey," or a text message from a marketer.  I receive at least 5/week.  It doesn't sound like much but it adds up for used minutes.  I have called Tracfone to see if they could block numbers for me.  I got "You will have to change your number.  See can't guaruntee it will stop.  We can't block them for you."

I just purchased one myself. So far I love it and am glad I didnt sign anything at verizon before looking at these. The cost is at least $30 cheaper a month than any plan they had. I got the $50 unlimited plan and no idea yet if I can get double minutes from it if I switched. They do say in the manual not to switch untill the end of the 30days or you will loose the rest of your unlimited by adding the minutes to it. Actually I will likely keep my plan and my partner who is looking too might be better with this phone since he wont get on the internet as much, which for me is/has been where most of my minutes go. I may slow down on it but it is nice to have a touch screen where I can do my banking and some other important stuff like organize my many doctors appointments.The internet speed is good enough for me I guess and even a little better than I hoped for on this phone. Sound is great and I am checking out the other features still. Hard to beat for the price I am sure. I wasnt sure if I should get the more expensive phone for wi-fi but so far, so good. I found a sale on stuff for this phone and loaded up, screen protectors, gell case, additional travel charger/battery and some little sticker antennas just because. I did loose service yesterday for awhile while it was really cloudy and I was in the next town but I have had bad reception on all my phones in that area before. I hope these will at least fix that problem for me. Looking for some sort of protection if there is any for a phone to protect it on the internet and then I will look for different apps and stuff that I saw online without worrying.

1 - My LG800G (with TRIPLE minutes for life) was received timely,but with the wrong size back cover plate.  I had to send 2 e-mails before the replacement was received.2 - I then found I could not get it activated as the PIN # I received with the phone had already been assigned to and used by another Tracpfone customer.  This problem was just solved (by a very helpful Tracfone customer service rep) this week after I filed a complaint with Amazon.3 -  When I finally got these issues resolved and could use the phone, I found that the  keypad locks after 3 seconds. So, if you call and get a phone menu, you have to press and hold "Unlock", then choose "keypad",then press a number. The phone menu voice will say something, and your phone is locked again. You have to unlock it AGAIN and choose keypad for every - single - menu - choice. There is no setting to change this.4 - With problem #3 and the fact that is NOT a speakerphone, when you try call a business and you have to hit several numbers to talk to a person, it's: unlock/keypad/unlock/keypad etc :(I believe that #4 qualifies this phone as defective and unusable and that the problem cannot be resolved by getting a replacement LG800G. I have requested a refund!

This is not a bad phone.  Its touch screen isn't the best but is fairly responsive.  My biggest problem is that i keep dropping it.

This phone is amazing. I have no complaints about it. When I was buying it I wasn't sure what I was getting for myself but so far I am enjoying my experience with it. No regrets. I love love love this phone

If you have to call customer support throw the phone away. If you can setup the phone online it's ok. I upgraded to a LG800 touchscreen and everywhere I go outside of my area I get a no service and only emergency calls allowed. I tried to switch back to my old phone and I have to buy more service, after paying 40 bucks to "upgrade" and get a new sim. The last time I had a sim problem I was on the phone to service back and forth for 2 weeks. It's time for me to move on to another provider and it's well worth throwing the hundred dollars for a years service and the 40 bucks for the phone away.

My previous tracfone is an LG flipphone with an external antennae.  I thought the LG800g would e an upgrade.  Although it has many cool features my old phone gets decent reception at my home and the LG800g gets NONE!  When I made the call to get an RMA number to return the phone it required more than an hour speaking to tracfone!  This is not an exageration.  They simply did not want to honor the 30 day warranty.  They finally agreed to refund my money.  I hope it actually happens.  If you live in an area with good reception I would recommend this phone due too excellent features.

I've had the LG800G for about 3-4 weeks now on Tracfone after having had a Motorola V176 on Tracfone for about 3 or 4 years.There's no sense in repeating what others have said in their reviews but here's a few points of comparison if you're like me and just switching from a "flip" phone to a more modern touch screen on Tracfone.1) Battery life on standby is maybe 60-70% of my V176.  It's not horrible; it's just not the heroic 10-11 days I'd get from my V176 when it was on and not being used for 75% of the day.  Of course the screen is 2-3x bigger too on this phone so that's not going to help the battery life.2) Touch screen is nice; it does take more pressure than an Iphone but it's not unreasonable at all.  Note that you only get a virtual keyboard to type on when you're actually sending texts and not in other instances.3) Documentation is scant; you'll find yourself scouring the internet for the information and tips you'll really need to operate this phone.  Google is your friend!4) Call quality seems to be good; I don't have massive experience with it yet but so far it's been quite reasonable.  My location puts me on the AT&T; network with this phone.  You may also end up with T-Mobile as the carrier depending on your location.5) Speaker phone seems to operate well.6) You'll want a screen protector for this phone as well as a rubber skin/case to protect it.  If you want any music or pictures on the phone you can expect to add a 4gb memory card to it as well.7) Read up on the texting problem that this phone is known for and make an informed decision before you buy it.  Not everyone is affected; my phone hasn't been so far but I've not done much texting.  This may be a firmware issue that Tracfone can fix; details are not clear.8) Another issue to be aware of if you send/receive texts is that this phone will not tell you who has sent you a text until you pay to view it.  Doesn't sound like a big deal until you realize that you can't tell whether the text message you're about to read is a junk text from a spammer or from your family until *after* you've paid for it.  Boo, hiss!  This is an obvious firmware issue that needs to be fixed with this phone.  Even my ancient V176 would show you what number had sent you the text before you paid to view it!  Hopefully we'll see a firmware fix for this soon!I'll update this review as my experience grows with the phone.----Update 1:Tracfone now has fixed models of this phone w/o the dreaded texting issue where the phone doesn't display texts or fills your inbox with repeated texts.  Apparently to fix it they have to swap your phone with one of their new ones with this fix in place.  If you want to buy this phone and be guaranteed of getting one that is fixed you should buy it directly from Tracfone (at least at this point).I've given Tracfone some grief about this phone not displaying the sender's information before you read (and pay for) a text message and they were unsympathetic saying it was a feature just not supported on this phone.  Of course, they make money every time you read a junk text so they are not exactly motivated to get this problem solved...This phone really is pretty nice...

Easy to  use. light weight and very smart. I like the fact it plays mp3's so i can hook it up to my stereo in my car. Need to get a screen  protector because it is  easy to scratch. otherwise it is a good product.

This phone is awesome, and I couldn't have had a better tracfone. This is a lightweight touch phone that can easily slip into your pocket. Honestly, I'm one of those people who don't care about those new high tech quailty phone, and if you are one of those people who love those phones this isn't the right one for you. This phone has awesome features, and you can even buy games, graphics, and ringtones with tracfone minutes. I had this phone for maybe about a month and I had no problems with it so far. I'll list the pros and cons for you:PROS-Durable-Lightweight-Easy to use-Great call quality-Internet-CameraCONS-I didn't like how the power button was on the top, and that it was so tiny sometimes you couldn't even tell if you were pushing a button.-Also the screen is pretty small, so when I have the full qwerty mode for texting it's a tad difficultAll and all I love this phone and this is probably as good as it gets for tracfone.

the phone on its own is ok. but tracfone as a serv. is not. it took me two days to get a phone no. that worked but not on their web site. got a new sim card that was supposed to fix the problem and they lost the phone no. i had used for over a week and could not get it back. i just wonted a nice phone that did not cost me a arm and a leg and a 2 year contract. the new ones get you triple min. and that good if you can get it to work for you. serv. is from india and they don't know anything and can't fix problems. buy it from tracfone not from amazone it might work better than mine. forget apps from tracfone or ringtones find them on line. tracfone don't have anything. get an extra battery and keep one charged cause they don't last as long as they say. also the screen will scrach easly. it gets three stars because it does work but loses the 2 stars because of tracfone support or lack of it. you may like it, if it works out of the box for you.

I bought my LG 800g phone directly at Tracfone as a refurbished phone. The GUI (graphic user interface) is very user friendly. Now, the browser that comes with the LG 800g is a java based application and make surfing the web at a snail pace. To fix that,  I highly recommend downloading the opera mini browser, trust me having the Opera mini browser made surfing the web from my LG 800g a very pleasant experience. And the pages loaded faster. There is a downside and I believe its because the LG 800g is a java based phone; you will NOT be able to play Youtube videos (which is only the downside to this phone).  However, to go around this, just simply convert your favorite videos to MP4 format and upload it to your phone. I did this recently for a long road trip with my family and it kept me entertained for a while. I do recommend getting a larger capacity micro SD card (I got a 32 GB card). Surprisingly, I was able to upload 4 to 5 full length movies and some mp3's to my LG 800g.Yes, it is true that you have press slightly harder to browse the LG 800g phone but its not as hard as some of the negative reviewers as saying. I had no trouble with it. In fact, before you began using LG 800g, you go through a series of touchscreen calibration test.  In addition, I think the people who are writing negative reviews about this phone were hoping that the LG 800g would perform like an Android or iPhone but for fraction of the price.Finally, I recommend the LG 800g smartphone for those who want a smartphone but not have the huge bills for the data plans that comes standard with most Android and/or iPhone plans.

In Case some don't know this phone now sells with Triple Minutes. I bought mine through Tracfone no problems. Moving down from a Iphone 4 so at first it seemed like a toy but got used to it real fast and nice phone for the money.

I too had a lot of problems and no less than 17 phone calls and 3 weeks to tracfone (which is a challenge in itself). The sim cards (3) seem to have been the problem....But now that the phone phone works...I cannot get rid of the hold button that pops up on every screen application. Yes, I have put 'never' under the options menu and have called technical support and they finally said 'live with it'....Hmmmmm just to advise, I am very techy...funny no one else has mentioned this problem

I like the phone. I wish there were more apps from Tracfone, and they were better organized. I have had good luck with pre-paid plans before and prefer to better control my costs. I ported my old cell phone number over to this provider and had a good experience with their tech support.

I bought two of these phones one for me and one for my wife hers was the tripple minutes for life a little better deal, all in all my wife and I are happy with the phones.

This phone was purchased for my 9 year old nephew.There are several issues with the phone. While the phone does make and take phone calls, and does appear to also text properly; from the first day the phone was activated--my nephew has received texts trying to sell him things...this is probably the provider, but still relevant to note. The touch screen is very nonresponsive, requires you to do very particular, and non intuitive movements, an at times does not respond to the touch at all.At times when it closes, when you boot back up, it goes directly to camera.Have not yet tried to upload music, as the phone does not come come with the data transfer cord, but will try this soon and update.

At first I loved this phone, but after a few days I see some problems. The phone comes with almost no documentation. You have to search the web to find a PDF onwners manual (OK, no big deal), but even that provides very little info. For instance, the instructions to set up an email account amount to "set up an email account with the email wizard". That's not all bad, though, since the phone does not really come with an email app, despite the onwers manual and video demo claims. It also is not GPS capable (despite claims on the Amazon page). I am also having a hard time finding simple apps and games for it. Most I can find connect to the net for advertising (and really burn through your minutes). One I bought (to avoid that problem) would not really run. Also not as customizable as I would like (very limited capability to create and place widgets, etc.).But, despite some disappointments, it is still a nice little "semi-smart" phone, super inexpensive, and Tracfone remains the cheapest alternative for those who want/need a phone but don't really make that many calls.

I did not ask for a refund I asked for a replacement phone. I bought a chip and cord to connect that model phone to my computer and also cannot be without a phone. I need a replacement or what am I to do with the extras I bought for an additional $20 being on a fixed income how dare you decide for me to just give me a refund without any prior notice when a refund was never asked for. You should of told me this in advance so that I may decide on my own what to do. In all my correspondence I only asked for a replacement now what am I to do??? This was a cell phone to use with Tracphone to use with the Safelink service because on a fixed income I cannot afford a cell phone and I have never been disappointed with Amazon before I have been using you guys for years without a hitch now if you had told me that in advance I wasn't getting a replacement I would of had a new phone bought and delivered by now and would of sent back the after market items if I knew I was getting a refund now I am also stuck for the additional $20 this sucks. And I also have to wait up to ten additional days for the funds to clear to use this money for a phone or borrow some money from a friend and still have no telephone service for unnecessary days.Scott WeinsteinWe're writing to let you know we processed your refund of $34.98 for your Order 002-1624179-2706647 from shopcelldeals.This refund is for the following item(s):Item: Tracfone LG LG800G with Double Minutes for Life!!Quantity: 1ASIN: B004ZL9JFCReason for refund: Customer returnHere's the breakdown of your refund for this item:Item Refund: $29.99Shipping Refund: $4.99We'll apply your refund to the following payment method(s):Visa Credit Card [expiring on 1/2014]: $34.98Refunds typically complete within 10 business days and appear as a credit on your statement.

I love this phone... amazing text keyboard.I would recommend this phone.  Wonderful screen and bright colors.Worth the price. Everyone who has seen it wants to purchase one.

My sister purchased a Tracfone for a three-week trip to Europe, as a way to keep in touch with our family back at home. It was her first time out of the country, and employees from two different locations (CVS and a travel agency) recommended that she purchase a tracfone instead of a phone card. She got to Europe only to be unpleasantly surprised when her phone did not work. It wasn't until after she arrived that she discovered that Tracfones ONLY work in the United States. The packaging of each phone says that you can "call internationally," but that only means that you can call other countries from the USA using your tracfone. Your tracfone will immediately cease to work if you go overseas. My sister made sure to ask both employees if she would be able to contact her family in America while she was in Europe, and they both said yes.After looking over the packaging for the tracfone and the accompanying Airtime card, I could not find ANYWHERE a statement explicitly saying, "Tracfones only work in the United States." On the front of the box, It says that you can call nationally and internationally, and that is it. The website offers the same amount of information. I called their support number to inquire about a refund, and they were very unhelpful. The one star is not only for the general cheapness of the product, but also for the misleading advertising and the horrible customer service.Even if you are not looking for a phone with complete international capabilities, I would still not recommend this product. Their packaging is misleading and, even though they have apparently received several complaints about the lack of specification of the phone's international capabilities on the packaging/website, they refuse to change it. Simply saying, "Call nationally and internationally" does not automatically imply that you cannot make calls from other countries. I even asked the customer service representative if an explicit statement could be found on any of their products, in the instruction manual, or on the website, in case I missed something. Even she said that there is no such statement anywhere to be found.I am deeply dissatisfied with the company in general, and, if you are looking for high-quality product that is backed up by sufficient customer service, do NOT purchase any kind of tracfone.

The LG800G is economical but there is no Double min for life, that onlu happens when you purchace the card for $100.  The manual is easy to follow and the Tracfone service personel are kind and patient to the customer.  Amazon was a good way to purchase the phone

As mentioned in the header I'm one of the few people who actually hates phones and makes less the 5 calls a month.I got a basic tracphone for emergencies but upgraded to the LG 800g because of the internet features. All in all it's a great phone for the priceand easy to use and navigate.Found lots of ringtones and music to download , and some apps such as google maps that work well.Use it mostly for texting , F.B. and foursquare to keep in touch with family and friends.As a 55 yr old who was probably the last person to finally purchase a cell phone I'm glad I did and am very happy with the phone and double minutes for life. Music play well and takes pretty good photos for a cell phone.Would reccomend it to others without any hesitation.

I am on my 3rd phone and they all have the same glitches.  1.If I have two phone numbers for a contact it doesn't matter what I do if I set one to the main number, it will still go to whatever number is in the first location that I have a number stored at, and this applies to messaging also since it won't go to the number you think it is going to. Also, I have to reenter the numbers with the main number I wish to use in the first location by erasing and reentering them.  2.Many times when I push on the screen and it freezes up and I have to push more than once, sometimes three times before it will respond.  3.Calendar function is a joke, If I go to a specific day and then I decide to back arrow it doesn't do anything, forward arrow does and then after pressing back error again it may go back day by day sometimes. 4.Speed dials have to be erased or changes to the phone numbers will not be changed with it.  5.General freezing up of touch screen.  6.No apps available so phone is useless as it won't work with say word files in at least that way you could read them possibly.  I added storage card but the directory structure is a mess and it becomes hard to tell where to are placing your files and if you create a folder for files you'll get your files stuck in there and may have much trouble getting them back out as I did, so it is only going to let you use folders that are already there it seems.  6.You must unplug and plug your phone back in your computer(assuming you have a cable like I do)for it to recognize the option of connecting as a storage device or not wanting this option, no way to toggle it through the phone, this worries me also because I am going to wear the plug/port out on my phone eventually as I also recharge it though my Netbooks USB.Good luck that is all I can say except, everywhere I try and write a review it is never posted.. They should take these back and sart over they are crap.

I like the LG800G phone a lot!  It is thin, light and truly a pocket phone.  The QWERTY capability is very important to me.  I have a serious hearing loss and do a lot of texting with family and friends.  The cost savings I found by switching from Verizon to TracFone are amazing.Nothing is perfect, of course.  The negs I should mention include a very scratchable screen.  One needs to get clear screen protectors from the get-go.  There is a game called "Containers Block" that stopped working for me after a couple hundred rounds.All in all, I recommend this phone very highly!

Awesome fast delivery, the phone is in perfect shape, and works perfectly...no glitches. Bought this phone for our daughter and she loves it. We like it too.If we order anything again in this category we will order from shop cell deals.Very Satisfied Customer,Ron

For the price, the phone is an excellent value. Its easy to use and tiny/lightweight with sleek look. I like that I can look up stuff on the internet anywhere with this phone. It is completely customizable, you can put up your own wall-paper and ringtones. It comes with text messages and I can even forward my emails to the phone. Very pleased with the phone and would recommend it to all Tracfone users with older phones.

Love my LG800G (and Tracfone's value). I upgraded to the LG from an ancient Nokia "brick." I won't go into its +++++s for other reviewers cover its excellent features--better than the manual. I do want to point out some good-to-know features others have not mentioned or that I've missed seeing (can't read all of them!). It's info you won't find in the manual (or from Tracfone customer service).1. I had a devil of a time finding out how, when you make a call and the menu options require you to click an option number, how do you make the dial pad appear on the screen? Answer: you push the return arrow command button--middle button at the bottom of your phone. DUH!2. How do you put a stop to unwanted calls? I got several from a # in N.C. shortly after activating my new cell # (googled the # and found lots of complaints about this #). They eventually stopped. Then just 2 days ago, started getting calls again from an unregistered cell # in N.C. I googled "stop calls to cell." At one site, a Tracfone rep said Tracfone does not offer this service. That you had to change your phone # or get the cell phone listed with the do not call registry. Bummer! I then went directly to Tracfone's Community Forum and got an answer which I'll share. I'm paraphrasing what was written re how to block calls.The LG800G has a "call reject" feature!First: add the unwanted caller's # (or callers' #s) to your contact list and give them a name such as Reject Calls 1, 2, etc. Then, "under more options below the image option is a choice to add them to a Group"--I added them to my VIP group. The quoted directions from the Forum are a little murky but I was able to figure out what they meant and get my Group set up.Second: The path to now follow is Settings>Call>Common Settings>Call Reject>enable Call reject. Under Reject List select the Group you put the #s in and save. Any calls from those #s will get rejected.  You still might get an unwanted call from a different #, but all you need to do is add the # to your contact list and save into your Group for unwanted calls. It's that easy.I'm amazed the LG offers this feature. I couldn't get our local land line phone company to block particular calls w/o involving a police report--at least that was the case several years ago when we tried.Enjoy your LG800G!

DONT USE TRACPHONE! !!!  I REPEAT .DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY.THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.I BOUGHT THE LG800 AND STILL IS NOT WORKING.I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE,EVEN SENDING ME ANOTHER PHONE.

This phone and TracFone's customer support are absolutely the worst possible choice that you could possibly make.  It's so bad that even TrakFone has (of July 10. 2911) withdrawn the phone for the second time.A summary:request number from my phone on Net 10, owned by same company, to be ported and for new phone to be activated,  This took over 7 days, many hours on hold and speaking to useless customer service staff who spoke minimal English.  They shipped 2 SIM cards, and still could not get it to work.During the 7 day period, my old phone was inoperative.  I had no incoming calls on either phone.  This is a number I use for business.  Do you think TrakFone cared?Two weeks after getting the phone operative, can't retrieve voice mail, although messages are being left.  The repeated email exchanges have proven useless.There is no real owner's manual or in depth instructions of any kind.There is no excuse for this travesty!  If you decided to purchase this phone, if it is offered again, you will be  sorry.

I just received this phone, and so far, I like the buttons, etc...but when my son called me, it broke up, and I couldn't get good reception (I'm in downtown Denver, so I know the reception is good.)  This is replacing a phone that I lost at the park.  That phone had great reception, but this LG800g is horrible....I'm going to wait until I get home to see if I can return it.  I'm not standing by a stupid window and not moving for the rest of my life...ugh...I'm giving it a two star, because I like the style and the touch screen, but for making calls, it's useless.

My office just took away my Blackberry to cut costs and I needed a new phone.  I used to have a Tracfone and honestly thought that the reception was great.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they now had a couple of touchscreen phones to choose from.  I chose the LG 800g because the Motorola touch phone seemed to have too small a keyboard and I had read that you really needed to use the stylus with it, which I didn't want to have to do.Arrival:I got the phone, and having had a Tracfone before, immediately plugged it in to charge it.  After it was charged I activated it online with no problems.  Within a half hour I had my 3000 minutes, good for over a year.  The online minutes deals are better than the individual cards you can buy at the stores.  3000 for $200 works out to about .065 cents per minute (texts are only a third of that, so .022 cents per minute).Testing:I immediately started playing around with it when I could.  The touch screen was pretty responsive, though it does take a bit of getting used to when trying to scroll without accidentally choosing one of the items on the menu.  It's not an Iphone or ipod touch screen, but still it works really well.One of the downfalls I had read about was that the Qwerty keyboard couldn be used to input contacts.  This is true, but honestly it was fine.  Instead of using the number pad (which is a pain in the butt on all phones) I found that it was really easy to use the handwriting entry option - and it was really good at picking up my writing on the screen and converting it to the correct letter.It had two games on it that I played briefly - both were okay but nothign great.  I am used to playing touch games on my kids' ipods so these paled in comparison.Signal strength in my house when I first turned it on was not great, but it almost seems like the phone just needed to get warmed up because after the first day it has been fine.  Signal strength everywhere I have tried to use it has been great, with good sound quality.Downfall:the biggest downfall I have seen so far is in receiving text messages.  I have not had any problem with random multiple text messages coming in - it looks like they have fixed that problem that others were having earlier this year.  My problem with it is that when a text comes in, it doesnt tell you what number or who the text is from until after you have accepted it (and paid the 1/3 of a minute).  I got a text yesterday from someone I dont know, who obviously had the wrong number because they were looking for someone named Joseph.  Had I seen the number it came from I probably wouldnt have read it.  They then texted me again this morning, so they are wasting my minutes.  I did text them back to tell them they had the wrong number.  It would be good to see who is sending the text before reading.  And given that, it would also be nice to be able to block a phone number from sending you a text (just in case this person keeps texting me).All in all this is a great phone.  For a pay as you go plan, I think it's actually Excellent - never would have thoguht I could get a touchscreen phone and only pay about $200 a year for my minutes since I dont tend to use my phone that much anyway.I havent looked into adding any other apps yet, but have found a few sites that apparently have apps that work with this phone.  the cheapest way to get them seems to be to download to your computer and transfer them to the phone so you dont waste minutes downlaoding on the phone itself.  It also looks like you can only have about 9 icons on your main screen and I'm not sure you can scroll to the side pages and add more or not - have to test that.

the phone sounds great from the reviews. i liked some of them. i seem interested to get this phone. and get this opportunity to have this awesome  great phone.i hear this phone has great apps.

I've recently moved from being a contract cell phone customer to prepaid.  My contract with T-Mobile expired some time ago with a shared family plan, two phones, and a 1000 minutes per month for $49.99.  Pretty cheap, right?  That's what kept me as a customer for quite awhile in that I really couldn't find a better deal.  Then I noticed we got dinged 10 cents for every text message somebody sent us (our Motorola Razr's were difficult to text from so just didn't use it).  I also couldn't do any wireless web access without paying a big fee.  And after taxes and fees we were up to around $64 a month.  I also noticed that my wife used the bulk of the minutes while I only occasionally used mine.  We thought that if we could get her onto a reasonable plan with lots of minutes and me on a cheap plan with few minutes that would save us some dough.After doing a ton of research I found that my wife's phone could be moved to a prepaid plan with 1500 mins/texts for $30 a month.  After switching the plans I then discovered the Tracfone LG800G at my local Target.  I saw from the reviews that many folks liked it a lot while others really hated it mainly due to issues with texting.  Not being a big text sender myself, I figured I'd give the phone a shot.  After buying it, I went to Tracfone's website to activate it while transferring my existing number.  Halfway into the process, the web site went down for "maintenance" - UGH.  Not a good start.  Being patient did pay off about 4 hrs later I was able to complete the number transfer request.  I braced myself for the possibility of having no phone at all while the process played out in the systems.  An hour later, I saw that my current phone was indicated as "cancelled" at T-mobile's web site - PROGRESS!  About 20 mins later I logged into Tracfone's web site again and saw that my phone required "updates."  After following a long process to enter multiple number sequences into the manual code entry of my phone, it came to life!  My number was transferred in a little under 2 hrs from the time I hit submit on the form.Coming from an old phone like the Razr the LG800G has been amazing!  Love the touch screen, the features, and ease of mobile web and messaging.  I can easily connect it to my iMac via Bluetooth connection and drop ringtones, wallpapers, and apps onto it.  Sure, it doesn't run iOS but that's why I keep an iPod Touch around for (costs a whole lot less, too!).  Based on my limited testing, I'd say that Tracfone now has a handle on the texting issues as I've not had any problems with it yet.  Sound quality is great, my signal is a lot better around town than I had with my old phone but I can't say if this is just new technology or the fact that I'm now on the AT&T; network.  I was able to load up the phone with 200 minutes using a 60 min card, the double minutes for life feature and a promo code.  This put my cost at about 10 cents a minute if I don't count the out of pocket cost for the phone.  If you're looking for a nice feature enhanced touch screen phone in the pre-paid wireless space, you could do a lot worse than this one.  I'm completely impressed, so much that I wrote this review and I don't write very many.

I've had the LG 800G for about 2 months now, so far it's been everything I'd hoped for. I've been a clamshell kind of guy up to this point, this being my first touchscreen phone, and I love it. It's features are amazing in a cell so cheap ($39.99 sale at Best Buy) and it's easy to text and send pictures. My only reservation so far is the space bar sticks at times when texting, don't know if this will become more of an issue as time goes on, but have a 18 month replacement warranty from B.B. that will exchange phone in store if need be. Voices are clear, excellent reception, no texting issues as some seem to have, mp3 player works great, able to download free ringtones off net. The built-in browser is very limited, strongly suggest you download Opera Mini or Bolt to get the full web experience, keep in mind the access speeds are more akin to dial-up, but you can still access most if not all websites you could from a desktop or laptop computer. Battery life seems a little short, but might be because of fair amount of use in texting and web browsing. Speed dial option is great, and the 2 mp camera takes much better pictures than I would have expected. For the money, ho can you beat it?

This phone is awesome, when I added a 4gb Micro SD card I now have plenty of room for custom ringtones and backgrounds

the keyboard is hard to usE but it only costs about $10 a month and gets me what i need

I replaced an old Moto flip phone with this a few days ago.The Good: The phone features are great.  Clear sound and good reception. Installed a microSD card for downloading music. The MP3 music play works very well. Calendar, contacts list, and other phone basics OK.  The QUERTY keypad is great for messages.  However,  other functions (contacts, calendar, etc) will use the phone keypad for entry. The keys can bey a bit touchy (Touch phone humor). If you load PDFs onto your SD card the phone has a built in viewer, but can only view smaller files (&lt; 2 Mb) and it is slow to turn pages. The 2MP camera is ok. Some tweaking is necessary to get higher quality pix.The Bad: 1. The web browser is pretty much trash.  It is slow and unresponsive to accessing even the default sites such as weather.  Did not try the facebook or twitter. But, those minutes get used up fast waiting for a web page to show up.2. It does claim to run Apps.  However, these are not Android apps, they are JAVA apps.  The Java marketplace does not appear to be accessible from the phone (you would not want to anyway because of using up mins). The market is small, but several Java apps such as games are free by way of a PC download and transfer.  As with most phones you can pay to download ringtones, images and games, but if you can connect up to a PC via the USB port, these can also be downloaded free or nearly so.3. The USB cable, a case, and mobile power/charger adaptor are extra items.  Tracphone used to bundle these with some phones, but not the LG800G.4. There is no built in Email app. The Net10 version has it, but not Tracphone. There are a few Java Email apps out there but I have not tried to install them. There may be issues with the port opening (ie lockout) that can prevent them from working.

I like the phone.  Works as advertised.  But I bought a micro SD card and put it in to transfer music or pics.  However, Everything I tried doesn't help.  My computer doesn't recognize the USB device.  I installed all the drivers and L3 utility.  Says my phone cannot transfer data. So I guess if I want to get the pics off I'll either have to send tem to my email over te air and of course use a lot of minutes  doing it.  OR...tear the thing apart and put the SD card in my computer to transfer everything.  I'm afraid of this as the phone seems very fragile and I figure it wouldn't take too many times of taking the back off before it cracks.Overall I like the phone. Anyone figure out how to transfer data via USB?However, I've only used it a few times to make a call and take a few pics (emergencies and order pizza on the way home).

Looks like a smart phone but it's really just a poser.  The touch screen is not easy to use.  I got this phone for my husband and he put up with it because he didn't want to hurt my feelings.  But when I tried to make a call on it or text it was impossible!  I'm glad I didn't have to dial 911!  I bought him a slider phone instead and a kindle to fulfill his touchscreen wishes.

I bought it thinking it would have an app for GPS. It doesn't. The phone it self is pretty nice. Has the same feel for an touch screen. Would like it if it doesn't have roaming all the time (it won't let me browser the web) Other than that its an ok phone.

I was all excited about finally getting a touchscreen phone, along with the triple minutes offered from Tracfone.As soon as I got it, I called Tracfone to transfer my minutes over from my old phone -- took over three days to get the phone working!!First the minutes (thus activation) didn't kick until two days later only because I had to callback for a push-through. I get told that I have to wait longer for the browser to start working...well three weeks later and it's nothing. I'm not calling back Tracfone about this browser BS because they have no clue, besides tell people they're wrong when they aren't there seeing everything is indeed in place to work, it's just the service sucks!I had to buy a 4GB card to be able to put things on the phone and vice versa - and the phone was not seeing the card despite it being in the slot properly. I had it in there correctly and the reps (with one later having a supervisor there) telling me I did wrong is frustrating when there is no other way for that card to be in there for the battery to be put back in its place for the phone to work.Send it back? I already paid shipping for that phone to get here and to tell me I have to pay for shipping to send back the phone that they have no clue about just to get a refund (with no chance of getting a refund on the shipping fees!), forget you, Tracfone.Tracfone, why offer something your reps are clearly not trained to offer support to customers on? Why don't you focus on getting customer support back over in the U.S., better training for that support so they know how to help your paying customers with the products you offer?Two stars: decent sound through earphones and speaker. That's it. And I better not have any problem getting the triple minutes or I'm done with Tracfone. No contracts, triple minutes doesn't matter if the product and training of support reps are pathetic.

I was excited to be able to have a touch screen phone with my Tracfone plan.  I am no longer excited about this phone.I am no dummy, and it is hard to navigate the menu and do basic things with this phone, like silence it or put it on vibrate.  I still don't know if you can even put this phone on vibrate.  So your choices are either a ringtone or silence.The owner's manual is useless.Tracfone only sold this phone for a couple of months, so they must know there are major issues with this phone.  They've already replaced it with a Motorola touch screen phone.  I wish I would have known.I actually had this phone stolen and replaced it with another LG 800G before I realized it was so hard to deal with.  I first waited for over a week for my phone number to transfer, and then when it didn't work I had to be on the phone with customer service for over an hour because nothing was working to get my number transferred.  It finally worked but it was quite an ordeal.I think there is also some inconsistency in the size of this phone, because the screen protectors that I bought that fit the first phone perfectly were too big for the replacement, even though they were the exact same model.If you are considering a touch screen phone for your Tracfone plan then I'd try the Motorola they are selling on their website.  I can't imagine it being worse than this one.

This is a decent phone but the big drawback is that it does not get good reception. I have only used Tracfone's and this one is the worst that I have had as far as getting reception.

I had Tracfone already and just wanted to upgrade to this basic Smartphone.  Again, only the phone number and the minutes can be transferred. The contact book has to be manually copied one by one, which is a pain. The online activation was not successful. It keeps saying the old phone I entered was not a correct one, which is another mystery. So I had to call Tracfone to talk to a live associate to do the transfer. The phone experience is however a good one. The associate knew what he was doing, and did it efficiently. Within ten minutes in my area, the phone started working.

great phone love the touch screen. con it can be a little bigger.easy to use . great price on amazon .better style than the lg500g i had .came in like you get at the store . texting worked great . :) happy product

Got this for a friend for Christmas. The phone is pretty nice for a prepaid cell phone, then again i didn't really expect much. Just what i expected, it calls, texts, takes pics, bluetooth, plays music and video, the basic stuff. So far my friend is very satisfied with the phone and has not complained about it yet. Oddly enough the phone came with triple minutes... don't know why. It's a great purchase for a starter phone!

I love my tracfone it has so many feature,and the double minuate is awesome.one of the best thing out there.

I decided to get a Trackfone because I just can't justify nearly $100 per month from AT&T; when a Tracfone would only cost me about $100 per YEAR. This phone does everything and more for me especially since I only use my phone to talk and text message, occassionally check facebook or e-mail online with it, but that's about it. It's the perfect phone, so lightweight, easy to use, easy to see for someone with low vision like me which is perfect, and just neat with the touchscreen capability. Definitely get a cover for it though because without it it is EXTREMELY slippery and easy to drop. Love everything about it otherwise though.UPDATE: July 14, 2011After leaving my glowing review a few days later I also began having the texting problem most people seem to have. I was receiving the same message over and over and OVER again and couldn't get any new ones either. I called costumer service and spoke with a very friendly, very helpful woman who reset my text message service and within a couple hours it was up and running again and has been great ever since.  I adore this phone and wouldn't want any other as of now. So rest assured that if you do get this phone and IF it did develop the texting problem then it can be easily fixed. I still give it five stars!!!!

Great phone for the money. Has many of the features of a much more expensive phone. Very happy with it.

the touch screen sucks. connecting to internet takes for ever. cheaply made . Overall this cell SUCKS big time sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!

If there was a -star I would have rated it that.  All other phones in my area have worked great.  This phone is a dud. I can have all the bars and not have connection to cellphone towers.  Says no signal. All calls usually go to voice mail and usually don't come through for an hour or up to 24 hours.  Same as outgoing text messages or incoming texts. Unless you are almost under the cell towers.  I would save my money.  I am trying to find a different 1 now.  This phone was bad from the beginning.  It does take good pictures if you need it for a camera.

I love love love love love this phone its very lightweight and i've dropped it several times and it hasn't broken... yet :) I would recommend this to anyone the only thing i didnt like was the touchscreen is kinda sensitive you have to press it kinda hard for it to go but i can live with that :)

It's a nice phone. I bought it on HSN for $99 with 1200 minutes and triple minutes for life.  If anyone can answer these questions, I'd be grateful:1. It says there's an E-Mail Wizard to set-up e-mails accounts.  I cannot find it or figure out how to do that.2. I've tried to import songs and videos and it just doesnt work.  I transferred perfectly fine MP3s and they sounded like an echo chamber when i played them back.  It wont accept any videos I try to import.HSN called this a smartphone. Of course it's not.  LG refers to it as an enhanced phone.  there are practically no apps for it.  But I'm not a fancy person and I like the phone.  I just wish it could do a little more or I could figure out how to get it to do more.

I have had this phone about 2 weeks and am amazed!  I can send things to and from it with Bluetooth.  Even your contacts can be sent to it from another Bluetooth phone (some phones claim u can do this and don't).  It is relatively customizable.  The lack of an actual keyboard takes some getting used to, but, not too much of an issue for me. Having a lighter phone makes the trade-off with lack of keyboard. I have already dropped it twice and it seems ok. I don't use the internet stuff except in an emergency so can't speak to that.  Apps actually do work! Yes, you can play angry birds but if you are under 20 it will probably make you go blind on such a small screen.  I could not get the game Risk to run.  Peggle ran nicely. It will hold 50 memos which is great for those of us that are forgetful. You can send memos and calendar events by bluetooth to another device. If you want to download stuff from tracfone you can do the download online and it is cheaper than "over the air".  Only, any thing you get from tracfone is locked and cannot be sent to another device or edited.  One background I bought was the wrong orientation and I could not change it to display the right orientation when I actually wanted to use it for wallpaper. It is not as slick as a real smartphone but it is really impressive to come from tracfone.  Plus you get great signal in the boonies and of course it is still pretty cheap to use especially if you text mostly.  Check around though b/c you might b able to find triple minutes for life.  I was suspicious of Tracfone offering it at 3x minutes for life and was afraid it would be a dog but it is a really nice phone.

I thought this was a very nice phone until we kept getting the same text message over and over. It turns out this must be a known problem because Tracfone sent us a Motorola EX124G to replace the LG with (I just got the Motorola phone today). It's too bad. It seems they did not test this LG phone as well as they should have and it has some major issue that can't be fixed, at least ours did. The good thing is that although I have to go through a hassle with this unit, Tracfone customer service actually hasn't been bad at all.UPDATE 2011-07-24:I'm still going through this "debacle". They sent me a new Motorola but when they transferred my time & minutes over, they changed the phone #! So now I am waiting on a new SIM card to get our old phone # back. This whole thing has been a bit of of waste of time with how long we have spent learning the new LG, entering phone #s & contacts, then having this problem, calling Tracfone, getting a new phone, getting stuff transferred over again, calling Tracfone again because they change the phone number, now waiting on a SIM card (after spending 30+ minutes on the phone again), then having to call Tracfone again when the SIM card arrives.... etc... and she took her LG on vacation to Colorado (before the Motorola phone arrived) and they deactivated her LG while she was in Colorado which was very annoying. And we are without a phone now while we wait for the SIM card.Plus we still have to send the old phone back. They didn't sent the shipping label with the Motorola.And my wife doesn't like the Motorola (though I think it may be just because she hasn't learned it well enough yet).UPDATE 2011-09-18:We are using the new Motorola (actually it's my wife's phone). She's still not too happy with the usability of the Motorola EX124G. The phone is "more advanced" but the user interface and usability isn't that great, but it works.I also wanted to mention that on one of my recent more recent calls to get this resolved, to the Tracfone office in Miami, I got someone who was a bit rude and seemed perturbed that I needed assistance.

I like the simplicity of the Tracfone plan, and the LG800G itself is stylish and has some great features, like an MP3 player (with equalizer) and the ability to add gigabytes of memory via a micro-SDHC card, which are ridiculously cheap. The web browser isn't all that great, but it does the job. The touch screen is easily calibrated and nicely responsive. A lot of thought went into this design, and it shows.BUT ...Regardless of how highly they tout their coverage -- and I tried to check this out beforehand, but the Tracfone site's coverage maps are USELESS!!! -- I was unable to use this phone in an area where my previous cell phone had worked just fine. Not this one, though. And this was not some sparsely populated area or deep in a valley, far from civilization.This was not a minor inconvenience, since I often have to spend several days at a time in this area and have a real need to keep in touch. Needless to say, I was very disappointed and angry, particularly when the Verizon phone I bought as an emergency replacement (the alternative being to spend an hour each day driving to a town where I could get Tracfone coverage) got a perfect signal no matter where I used it!

I never wanted a phone that was smarter than me but I wanted to switch to a touch screen phone and this was the perfect choice for me. Touch screen is simply so much easier and quicker to use. It comes with both qwerty and standard key boards and access to the Internet. True, it's a pre-paid phone which is better than a contracted plan that cost an arm and a leg. Though I don't use the Internet with the phone and I do very little texting my minutes don't depreciate as quickly.If it's your first touchscreen phone it will take some adjusting to get used to it but you should catch on quickly. The one drawback is that Tracfone has never supplied useful manuals with any of it's phones including this one so it's a learning process to figure it out especially if it's your first one.I paid $30 through Amazon and it arrived quickly.All in all it's the perfect starter phone for touch screen, I'm very happy with it.

I got this phone for $40.00 and put a 60 day NET10 card on it to try it out.  So far, here are my observations based on how I use the phone.  (I don't do texting)1. Lightweight and size are fine.  Phone fits easily into the hand.2. The 'touch' screen sensitivity is chosen obviously to filter out accidental 'presses' to icons on the screen, but---it filters a little too strongly for my taste and I wish this was adjustable.3. The camera is said to be a 2mp design, but it does not seem as good as the camera in the LG 900G, which is also a 2mp camera.4. The camera 'take a shot' button is virtual, not a real button, and I find that this causes some shots to blur, since in trying to 'push' that virtual button, the camera can easily move and you get a blurred shot as a result.5. There is major shutter lag, so that the pic you see and want to capture might not be what you get, aka, with animals and kids or any kind of action.6. The phone seems plenty signal sensitive, based on my use of other phones.7. Battery life is ok, not amazing.8. From what I got in an email from NET10, the phone needs an external memory card in order for the USB data transfer to work.  I decided to use Bluetoothto avoid putting a memory card into the phone (you hve to remove the back of the phone and take out the battery to see the memory slot)9. Since I don't do texting I cannot offer an opinion.  I have read on other sites that this phone has texting problems and that NET10 is going to fix that problem with an update.10.  Overall, I like the phone, but wish the camera was as good as the one in the LG 900G which I found to be truly excellent.  The 900G also has a real shutter button and less lag and images come out less blurred.It's not a smart phone but for the price and NET10's service plans, it's an excellent value in my view.

I came to Tracfone over a year ago as a way to save money while I paid off my disconnect fee from VZW.  Here I am, a year later, and still a Tracfone customer.  I was going to switch to another prepaid phone with a QWERTY keyboard when I saw this phone come onto the market, and I snagged it.  Here are my thoughts on this phone:1.  This is Tracfone we are talking about here.  My first phone cost $10.00.  This one cost $49.99.  Don't expect too much.2.  The call quality on this phone is excellent in the Atlanta market, much better than my old phone.3.  The touch screen is responsive enough, even for a fumble fingers like me to use the QWERTY keyboard.4.  The blue tooth works great.  I have transferred music to it from my laptop, as well as connected a blue tooth headset.  I can't use the buttons on the headset to answer calls and redial etc, but see #1.5.  The camera is "alright", but if you bought this phone to take pictures, see #1.6.  The web browser is a really nice feature, and the one I missed the most moving to Tracfone.  It's a little expensive for my taste, but its there if I need it.7.  I was able to download my required two custom ring tones :-)8.  There is enough features on this phone that is customizable to keep it interesting.Every time I have had an issue, with the notable exception of their SMS gateway sending me repeat text messages over and over, the service department has been able to help me fix it.  They have been friendly and responsive.  If all things stay the same, I'll probably hang with Tracfone for a while.

This is a great tracphone compared to all others except there is a new one just released with triple minutes. But besides that it is a great phone for the money that it costs. It is a touchscreen phone that is easier to use and you can get on the net it just takes a little extra time. It can be used to go on eBay, yahoo, and all the other favorite sites people require. The finger action is a little punchy but once I got a stylus pen it helps out quite a bit regarding the responsiveness. Overall  it's a great phone for the price and how you can use it.

Sometimes I can recieve texts and sometimes not. Called costumer service and they did something, so now I get some and some not.I like the phone. No speaker phone on it. The camera feature is slow to react. All in all I do like the phone.

The camera stopped working within a few weeks of purchase.  Call sound quality as well as reception are both quite good.

So far this is great value for money.  Reception is good and also voice quality.  data and text features work but word prediction does interfer

After reading some of the reviews of some problems with this phone I was a little leary of purchasing but the good reviews and price won over. This phone was purchased for my 10 year old (who has been on it for two weeks straight), she has been using this for a few weeks now with no problems (she loves it) no texting issues or e-mail issues, she can check her Face Book and reception is excellent as well as the touch screen function. A-1 phone in my opinion. Worth purchasing.PS...The Wi Fi works great.

I was given a tracfone LG800 as a gift with triple minutes. After a few weeks and many hours with tech support I had to send it the tracfone back because we could not go online. It took a couple days before the second one arrived and after a week, we could not get the phone to work properly after many hours with tech support. Each time I recieved a new phone it took hours to get the minutes transferred and I was put on hold for a few minutes, the few minutes end up to a couple of hours because I had entry level people looking after me who had to go to their supervisor for help. Presently I have my fourth phone and I had to give up the original phone number because it was such a hassle getting it transferred, the battery does not last long and I have to constantly reboot the phone by taking the battery out. Also text messages are charged 30 seconds and even though you are given triple you eat up minutes fast. So in theory it is good but in practice you don't triple minutes. There are many places in the house I cannot use the phone, my husband's $9.95 tracfone performs much better. In conclusion, I think that the factory does not go through the phones when they get returns. The original phone was a new one and the subsequent ones were phones where something was wrong. I think the phone is a piece of crap. The tech support people eventually sent me to a supervisor and because the phone works sporatically they cannot do anything for me. One of the tech support people did mention that this phone was very "sensitive".  I would never buy one or recommend anyone to buy one. It is garbage. I must have spent a dozen hours on the phone with tracfone already on this model.

This is the first time that l've tried LG PHONES. I'm glad that l decided to buy this one--TRACFONE LG 800G. The coverage is much better then my previous cell phone.Great phone.

Great little phone. Easy to read and use.Great replacement for my old tracfone.It has all that I need in a prepaid phone.

This LG800 phone for Trac fone users is finally catching up Price on Amazon was 10.00 cheaper than from tracfone directly but didn"t have the 60 free minutes.

I just got my LG800G Touch phone and I love it. It has so many features my previous basic phones did not have.  There is only one thing that annoys me about it. The keypad will go into lock mode after 3 seconds, then you have to press the unlock button to use it. I have tried to find a way to disable this feature but have not been able to find anything. Can anyone please help with this?  Then the LG800G would be a perfect 5***** inexpensive phone. Because of this locking issue I will give it 4****s

I was a little leary about this phone because of the horror stories with the texting(which have now been rectified). So i went to pick one up for 49 bucks at wal-mart, and i'm very pleased. The one you buy there is actually NET-10, i guess Trac Fone is in cohoots with them, which is fine. It doesn't come with a pen, but you can easily find those for cheap at best buy, staples, etc. The touch sensitivity is just right, and it's very easy to calibrate. There are plenty of apps, and the internet works very well. The only thing i don't like which is even common on more expensive phones is that you can't watch Youtube or any other streaming videos on it. However you can watch Mp4 video format movies, and videos on it with no issues. The speaker is very loud, and great for watching thing and listening to Mp3s. I had a 4 gig mini SD card with my last phone, so i already had a lot stored on it to try out. Now there are some drawbacks which i will list under pros and cons.ProsTouch screen is great, lag free and smooth.Dialing it great, numbers come up quicker than with regular old push buttons.Has the feature where you can use handwriting (like an etchasketch) to right texts etc.(Pen recommended)Tons of ring tones, very loud speaker(phone), loud regular phone speaker.Internet runs smoothly for checking Facebook, Amazon, Reading, Google, Yahoo etc.(Keep and eye on your minutes though, it takes them fast)Great for watching videos, listening to MP3s, viewing photo slideshows etc.Also has built in video and picture cam.ConsMemory mini SD card fits inside the phone, so unless you buy a transfer cable you have to pop the back off to access it, and put it in your computer.Phone is very slippery when holding(using it). Be cautious, even when your hands are dry. Easy to drop.No streaming video, which some androids won't even do, if they do the Java always crashes. Save that for your laptop.Thats about it, as i said the texting issue has been fixed(just be sure to get a newer one at walmart). I wouldn't recommend Best Buy, or Radio shack since they don't sell as many as Wal-mart, and they probably still have the old defective ones sitting around. So if you want a great cheap touchscreen phone and don't wanna break your bank, the get this, i like it better than the 80dollar Motorola. Much easier to navigate, sounds is better, and the battery life is far superior. Motorolas dry up quickly, especially when talking. So don't fear, the problem has been fixed, and NET10 are a great company to deal with.Note:When i transfered my number from my old NET10, i only had about 259 minutes. Well upon transferring they gave me the full 750, that i get with the 25$ card plan i have ha. So that was a huge plus. Guess they don't mind giving away free minutes. Sweet deal. so go grab one, i think you'll dig it. I do.

I recently got this phone when I decided to try Tracfone, because I am tired of paying so much out each month to ATT.  I like the phone, it is lightweight, and seems to get good reception, and the price is right for what you get.  I haven't had a touch screen phone before, so this is kinda nice.  The biggest problems for me is that the phone doesn't have a handsfree speaker and it doesn't stay charged very long.  I suspect this is because it is a touch screen and the display keeps lighting up while I'm carrying it in my purse. I found a carrying case for it, but that hasn't really helped the problem. I'm not used to charging a phone every night, my ATT phone would go several days before charging.  Guess I got spoiled.  I'm afraid one of these days, I'm going to need it, in an emergency or something, and it will be dead.  I'm seriously considering going back to a flip phone for this very reason.

The lg800g might be a good phone if you didn't have to deal with tracfone I am new to bolth I was reading on their support web-site about adding micro memory because I added an 8g sd card as the instructions said, and calling tracfone support who told me only a 2g card will work, i installed the 2 g card and at least it seems to accept it but no clue how to use it. The phone goes online by itself and it is not an easy task you have to type with the tip of your finger but i can go to use my phone at any given time and it is surfing the web. I realized how bad tracfone was when I first got my phone they sent me a welcome text and charged me for it. unless you intend to pay for them dont set up your voice mail and it will tell callers u dont have 1 otherwise there is no way to delete them without paying, i can see the missed calls for free. As soon as i use up the time i paid for i am going somewhere else for service, i intend to have this phone unlocked and i will use it to go online if nothing else.This phone has the ability to connect with your home wifi and save u some money but tracfone locked it out with the many other options this phone has.

Looking and seeing a lot of my friends buying the new touch cellphones at first I thought about becoming another buyer but with an afterthought I decided I'd get this one as I felt I didn't need all the fancy Apps and players on my cellphone as all I usually use my cellphone for is just to call or get into contact with someone.  The deal breaker for me was the double minutes which makes getting a phone like this much more affordable, especially those of us trying to watch our budget in this time of Rescission and the massive lay offs that a lot of businesses have been doing these last three years,  just a reminder to many people out there it may be nice to have the three hundred dollar newest model android phones and everything but just remember it won't help much when you have the contracts with AT&T or T-mobile and you're out of a job and stuck having to try and handle the cellphone bill payments you're going to have to make unless you willing to risk defaulting and paying the penalty early cancellation fees these companies will enforce as a friend of mine found out to his sorrow.

I bought this for my mom and she loves it. It is not very high tech but that was perfect for her. As far as I know she has had no issues with it. But I'll stick with my iPhone 4s.

Loyal Tracfone user for almost 10 years.Sure, I'd love an iphone or Droid, but CANNOT/WILL NOT stomach or justify the exhorbitant price for service.I recently bought this phone new with Triple Minutes (400 x 3 = 1,200 minutes), one year service for $99 total.The LG800G is an impressive device.Thank you Tracfone for not gouging your customers!

I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved it! He gets great service on it.  It is a touchscreen and I was worried that he may have trouble since he has large fingers but he sad it is great!



I just received this phone 1 day ago & am still going through a learning curve on it so the jury is still out, but, so far, I am pretty pleased with it.  It arrived from the seller in 2 days using Priority Mail instead of the 10-14 days that was stated by Amazon when I ordered it.I've been a Tracfone customer for 7+ years & this LG 800g phone will be my 3rd one.  My previous one was a Motorola C261 which I used for 4.5 years with good results but was having network connection problems after replacing the dead battery with an aftermarket one for  the price of the OEM (which was listed at $25 on up).  Rather than buying an OEM battery & throwing good money after bad I decided to add another $10 & try the newer touch-screen phones that were offered plus get a brand new OEM battery in the mix to boot.There are few things about this phone that I'm not too happy with so far, like I've already locked myself out of the system by trying to set my own security code & had to call Tracfone for a PUK code to get back in.  Their customer support people leave a little to be desired since some of them are difficult to understand & I had one disconnect right in the middle of a question (not sure if it was done intentionally).  Also I cannot figure out how to manually set the clock.I will update this review in the coming days as I learn more about it.

like the phone everything works as advertised  tracfone support sux after waiting one hour finally got a live person heavy accent hard to understand waited for three days for phone to activate finally granddaughter suggested shut down and restart phone came alive support did not tell me this probably would be on land line listening to tracfone music

The LG 800G cell phone is the first touch screen offered by TracFone, and in my opinion, the best TracFone yet offered.  But don't look for it on LG's website - you won't find it.  It is a special prepaid model for TracFone/Net10 only.  I don't even find it listed overseas.I have had mine for about four weeks.  It is not a full smart phone, more like half-smart, when compared to something like the iPhone.  It doesn't have accelerometers, it doesn't have WiFi, and you only have limited capability to change orientation of the screen.But at only $50 or less, it is a very good value for the features it does have - a very good cell phone -- with a music player, HD camera (stills and video), external memory (optional), data cable (optional), a qwerty keyboard app, texting, and included apps for games, alarm clock, stop watch,voice recorder, calendar, memo pad, tasks list, scientific calculator, and World clock. And, you can add hundreds of your own apps, provided they are java apps.You can surf the internet and access your email and text message - all costing you minutes.  I personally don't have anything important enough to pay for cell phone internet connect time and downloads.  But if you do, you can do it with the LG 800G.While the external memory (microSDHC card), and USB data cable, are not included, you should consider them essential and buy them.  The reason is that it is much cheaper to download apps to your computer and transfer it to the LG 800G by data cable.  The data cable must be a USB-typA to a micrUSB-typeB.  The data cable can only access the microSD card (external memory) and not the internal memory.You can also use Bluetooth to connect to a Bluetooth headset, or to transfer files to/from a computer (if it the computer also has bluetooth.) You can set file transfer to be either to internal memory or to external memory.The LG 800G comes with double-minutes-for-life, and if you catch Home Shopping Network just at the right time, they occasionally have triple-minutes for life.  The cost per minute is around ten cents, and even less.The LG 800G has just too many features to discuss here.  You will find the TracFone User guide that comes with the LG 800G to be pretty basic -- mostly devoted to activating the phone.  You will want to access the TracFone LG 800G on-line Tutorial.  There is no link on the TracFone website to the tutorial but you can find it, and the best user forum/blog, by Googling "TracFone LG 800G Tutorial." The top three or four hits should take you to the tutorial and to the Turk Forum LG 800G discussion.All in all, I very much like the LG 800G, and would recommend it to a friend.  My favorite app is the music player, which also has an equalizer and Bass Boost.  With a good stereo headset, especially one that also receives calls, it is as good as it gets.

This phone is a pain the the butt before you can even tell who a text comes from you have to charge your self on the phone before you can see you texted you. seems like after haveing this phone for a few months that it has slowed down. the Touch screen could use some work. if you have big hands then you can use the full size keyboard you will just have to use the T9. I got what i payed for but it was i guess alright for the price

This phone does everything I want a phone to do and has great battery life. This is not a Android smart phone but close to it. It does have wi-fi, internet and email. The newer model that is out is even better

I love this phone.  Its a great phone, camera, video camera, mp3 player, and video player.  Used with a 4 gig micro SD, it will hold many videos and mp3s. Its very easy to install games and apps and many free ones are available. The internet works good but is a little slow. Overall I am very happy with this phone.

It seemed like a nice phone with relatively easy features to find.  However when trying to make a call it constantly popped up the lock and I had to press the unlock when I wanted to press something else. The "buttons" are fairly easy to use even with big hands.I plan on exchanging the phone for a different one because I only got more than two bars reception about twice in one month--often just one or "no service".So it was worthless to me because that wasn't enough to make calls.  My Nokia always got two or three bars at my home and that was enough to get good reception and it never dropped calls and they were very clear--but it quit working after four years.  It was much better than another Nokia that my wife had.

I give the TracFone 5 star rating. I like the LG L 800 G with all the features and that Amazon has almost all of the sorceries and think it's just generally good product and I would recommend it to others and friends and colleaguesAnd I will order again if I need to think you pretty much.

I was really excited to try this new phone, but after using it I realized I was not getting good reception, missed calls

I bought this to try out some of the new phones, then moved on to a smart phone that cost $450. I like the LG800 just as much. If you're on a budget and don't need a lot of data this is a nice phone.
