
I was looking for a cheap android smart phone to replace my aging T-mobile wing when I came across this. This is a great price. T-mobile has it for 200. This is my first android phone and I love it. Many pros few consPros.Decent battery lifeandroid 2.2size/weightpriceswypeCons.touchscreen size is only 2.8in but it doesn't seem small while using itdoesn't have multitouch touchscreenoverall this is a very good phone for a very good price.There isn't any phone in the world this good at this price

Very slow unit; non-phone apps slow down placing calls.No two-finger zooming.Little memory, 200 meg; 100 or more is taken up quickly with needed Operating System stuff. Need keep pushing apps to the memory stick but not all are moveable. I am always left with under 40 meg free.Starting in August, T-Mobile sends weekly text messages asking you to reboot the phone.On the positive side, compact.Would have given it two stars if T-Mobile had not just dropped the $1.49 day pass for Web access. The Comet does NOT work on the Verizon network or StraightTalk.com. So, it just became an expensive paperweight.Was a deal in 2010. Do not bother with it in 2011.

So far this phone has been great!I did have problems with it reading my 16GB micro SD card,but since it connects to internet via Wi-Fi I was able to download Android explorer app and the rest is history.Pretty responsive touch screen,clear display,easy to carry and great sound.My only gripes are that the screen is rather small specially for games and its ancient Android 2.2 OS which means its processor too slow when playing videos in comparison to today's multi-processor phones with 4.0 and above OS.It's my first smart phone and I've got to say I'm enjoying it !

I ONLY use free WIFI connection and this phone is GREAT!!  Cheap phone and only call sometimes...  I'd say I pay 10% of what an IPhone contract would cost me.  It even plays angry birds if you restart screen (after) opening and closing screen saver.  I didn't have a smart phone before and never knew what I was missing!!!!!

First thing I did was root the phone and then install Fusionideosgoogle "Huawei Ideos U8150 custom rom AndytheAndroid"Much faster but I did not expect a high end device. For the money and if your expectations are set correctly, you can play Angry Birds and Word with Friends easily...

Based off of the low price, it's a decent phone. I bought it to use it temporarily until I'm due for an upgrade through my current plan. It has served me well so far, but it isn't the most reliable phone. The first month of using the phone there weren't many glitches, but through continued usage of the phone it began to slow down and freeze up often. You can't have too many apps on the phone because that will definitely slow it down. But it serves its function in being an affordable temporary phone.

The t-mobile comet prepaid phone is a very good phone for its value. This touch-screen phone meets all its requirements and its functions are up to date. I did not notice any flaws with this item.

I've been a T-Mobile customer for several years now. They have the best prepaid (pay as you go) plan in my opinion. The minutes do not expire for a year, and T-Mobile notifies you via text message a few days before expiring, so you can add time and roll over your prepaid minutes. Take that AT&T;! I typically use about a 1000 minutes per year ($100.00).I previously had a RAZR phone (which I loved), but wanted a device with more features. My favorite thing about the RAZR was that it's size and weight were very comfortable in my pocket (a guy thing). This phone is just a tiny bit larger and heavier than a RAZR, but it's not noticable. I can walk around with this phone in my pocket all day and not even notice it. I just removed the SIM card from my RAZR, and inserted it into this phone. Your phone number, prepaid minutes, and account don't change.Now to the phone. I've had this phone for about 6 weeks and I'm very happy with it. Like I said, I keep it in my pocket, but this phone has a glass screen so your keys etc won't scratch it. No screen protector is needed. Also, the fit/finish on the phone is very good. The battery door shuts tight (no rattles), the buttons seem firm, and the connectors (micro usb and headphones) are tight and connect well. My only complaint would be the placement of the volume buttons. When I first got the phone, I tended to press them whenever I held the phone, but this is something I'm getting used to.The call quality is great, and the speakerphone is easy to use. The phone also supports an in call dialer so you can enter PINs etc during a call.The main reason I got this phone was to replace my MP3 player. The phone OS (Android) has a built in music player and FM radio. Both work very well. The device is easy to sync up with your PC music libraries, you just connect the phone to your PC with the provided USB cable, the phone prompts you to turn on USB sharing, and the SD card shows up as a removable device on your PC (like a USB drive). You can use windows explorer to copy, delete, and move files on the phones SD card. If you wish you can also use Media Player or a similar software package to automatically sync your music libraries. One thing to note: the phone comes with a 2GB micro SD card. This will probably only hold about 40 albums or so. I upgraded the card to a 16GB one.I also have set up the device to acess my WiFi router at home. I was able to set up my email accounts (hotmail was almost automatic, att.net a little harder). I don't use the phone for email on a regular basis, but once the accounts are set up, you can access email whenever you connect via WiFi, or buy a one day data plan. I suggest you also get a gmail account, with this you can backup your contact list to your gmail account. If you ever lose the phone, or it breaks, you won't lose all that valuble contact information.Web browsing is reasonable, but expect to scroll around quite a bit, the screen is small. Text entry is a little challanging (again small screen), but if you flip the phone to landscape it is much better, even with my fat fingers. And certainly, it's much easier than the RAZR which used the old numeric pad entry system.Android runs pretty smoothly, I haven't noticed any lag on the phone, and the WiFi connection is fast and stable. I can use it anywhere in my house.As far as battery life, smartphones can drain batteries quickly if you don't configure them correctly. I suggest turning off Bluetooth, WiFi, and background sync (a real killer), and only enable them when needed. This is very easy to do (system app, settings). Also, don't use live wallpapers. They are cool to look at, but drain your battery. When I'm only using my phone, I don't have to charge it for several days. If you use WiFi or Bluetooth, be prepared to charge the phone daily. Also, when I use the music player at work, I charge the phone daily. All smartphones are like this. You just have to be aware.Overall I recommend this phone noting the limitations I discussed above. The phone is a great phone :), the music player and WiFi connectivity are a big plus, and the size is just right if you don't want a brick in your pocket.

I was reluctant to get into android phone. But a friend of mine showed me the capabilities of these phones including their applications.Given that I am currently on prepaid wiht T-mobile I decided to give it a chance to this phone. I bought it when it was 140 bucks.I don't regret it the purchase, I am entirely satisfied with the deal and these are the main reasons why I am loving it: I can make calls using the skype application with wifi (I was getting tired of using the pc; this by itself is enough for me to justify the purchase); it comes with fm radio (in my work they do not allow streaming online); I was looking in buying a ipod touch (all my music is in itunes including playlists, not anymore, double twist application allows me to directly import all my music y playlists (including podcasts, actually you can download them directly from this software)from itunes into my phone,I am loving it); I am just amazed how many things you can do with the android system in their applications: facebook, gmail, weather, news, etc (I am relying less and less in my laptop). Be aware that it is indeed a small phone (which I like it, I can easily put it my pocket). If you are buying it because the video or photo capabilities you are heading into the wrong direction (these smartphones still can't compete with dedicated video or digital cameras). The only things  I don't like about the phone is the small screen resolution (I can live with that) and the low battery duration (android applications really drain the battery power, you better turn off the apps when not using them).

EDITED ON 2/15/2012Since my original review I have received a couple of comments informing me that T-Mobile has dropped their web daypass option.  Furthermore over the past year there has been an explosion of cheap android phones released to be used on cheap pre-paid plans.  Given these two changes to the market since my original review, I no longer feel that the T-Mobile Comet represents the best value in this segment and have lowered my rating to a merely "average" 3 stars.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Between home and the office, I spend a lot of time within reach of a land line and a computer with internet access.  So as much as I may have wanted a smart phone previously, I just haven't been able to justify spending upwards of $80 a month for one.  I've been waiting a long time for a carrier to offer a smart phone with a pay-as-you-go pricing model - and after about two weeks of use I can say that I am very happy with the T-Mobile Comet.I've been using T-Mobile's 10 cents per minute pre-paid plan for several years - previously with a cheap, extremely basic Samsung t209 phone.  While I wouldn't really call T-Mobile's call quality or coverage "great", I would definitely say that it has been "good enough" for me while living around Boston and San Francisco, and the price has certainly been reasonable.  Historically I have spent about $10 to $12 per month on average on my cell phone bill.  I also have family members on the same plan who spend even less.A lot of reviews that compare the Comet to iPhones or other Android phones that can be purchased for $100 to $200 dollars (or even for free) along with an expensive post-paid plan and a two year commitment really seem to miss the point.  A $100 phone on an $80 dollar per month plan is going to end up costing more than $2,000 over the lifetime of the two-year commitment.  On the other hand, a person who purchases a $200 Comet and spends about $20 a month on average in prepaid minutes and web access is going to spend about $700 over that same period.  Is there *any* smart phone out there that's good enough to justify the 3x price difference?  For my needs, definitely not.The real utility of this phone and T-Mobile's pricing structure is the ability to purchase a "Web Day Pass", which gets you 24 hours of data access at the cost of $1.49 on the days you need it.  As I mentioned before, I don't need internet access on my phone most days - but there are times when it can be a real life saver.  For example - when you're out on the road in an unfamiliar city, use it to look up restaurant reviews and save yourself an unpleasant experience.  Or use it to get directions if you're lost.  Check prices and reviews on Amazon when you're shopping, or retrieve some important piece of information from your inbox or the web that you forgot to write down before leaving the house.  Having access to the web in any one of these situations is well worth the $1.49 cost.I should note that if you're a bigger talker than me (i.e. you have friends) and worry that paying 10 cents per minute would add up pretty quickly, then you might also want to look at T-Mobile's pre-paid $30-per-month plan which includes 1,500 minutes and 20 MB of data access.  20 MB isn't a lot, but you could probably stretch it a long way if you were to lay off the youtube and use it sparingly.  If you do happen to use up your 20 MB before the month is over, then you can resort to buying Web Day Passes to get you through the rest of the month.I should also note that for a few dollars less you can buy a Nokia Nuron, which probably offers a roughly equivalent set of features, but without the advantages of running Android or having a capacitive touch screen (I've read that browsing the web and using the touch screen in general on the Nuron can be quite painful).  Or, for a few dollars more you can buy an LG Optimus T which according to CNET is considerably nicer than the Comet.  Both of these phones should work on the T-Mobile prepaid plans, and therefore offer excellent value.A couple of other features that I have found useful are the ability to make Skype phone calls over Wi-Fi, the Google Voice Search feature (it's surprisingly accurate), and the ability to store and play mp3s (it comes with 2 GB of storage, and is expandable to 32 GB.  Sound quality over headphones is not as good as an iPod though).  One negative that you should be well aware of is that the camera is a piece of junk.  This is something that I read about in almost all of the reviews - but even then I was surprised at just how bad it is.  Think late 1990's web cam, and you should have an idea of just how bad this thing is.Overall, though, I think that this phone and especially T-Mobile's pay-as-you-go plan is a fantastic value, and would highly recommend it to anyone who is a) not a millionaire, and b) doesn't have their monthly cell phone bill paid for them by their employer or parents.

I used to own a Sprint EVO. I was tired of paying $185.00 a month for my bill, so i started searching, and I found this phone. I was pleasantly surprised. It has android 2.2, hotspot, and is almost as fast as the EVO. I pay a lot less now on my phone bill.

I got this one at a $139. I wanted to surf the web, check email and make a call here and there. This phone did all of that, but the screen size and keyboard size were too small for me.Boot-up was pretty slow, once there the speed was fine. The screen resolution was to small to read web pages well. The camera is ok in day light, it has no flash.The keyboard however was the deal breaker for me. I have average hands, and still had to constantly erase and re-enter keys that I had mistyped. I tried to use a stylus, but the surface would not recognize it. Had that worked, I would have kept it.Considering all, I think this phone is a good value if you can work the keyboard.

For the discounted price ($156), this phone provides too many great features and performance is also good.The following are the issues I see which are minor for my requirements.1. Camera. The bar code reader app does not detect the bar codes easily.2. WiFi signal bar is very low even in 20 feet. But still able to connect to the router and able to download or use VoIP.

If you're looking to upgrade from a flip-phone to a state-of-the-art smart-phone without 70 to 100 dollars a month charges, this one is great.  For less than the price of two month's service on a contract phone, this prepaid phone gives you virtually all the modern features.  And - if you have WiFi in your house/office, you won't even need to pay minutes to use the web (or the GPS/maps, or watching youtube, or playing music, or taking pictures, or getting directions to gas/food/lodging, or virtually anything this Android 2.2 phone has to offer !)  I've been playing with it for a day now, doing all of these things, and have not spent a penny of my prepaid money, except for the two one-minute test calls I made to try out the phone.  Of course, I will use some of these 3G things outside of my house/work, and will then have to use $1.49 for a "day pass" to the web.  But hey - even that's cheap if you don't do it every day.Those are the main points I wanted to add to the reviews.  But if you're interested in performance, here's my summary of that as well:1)  Voice sounds fine2)  Can't comment on coverage, but their map seems to show good coverage in most areas3)  The Android 2.2 user interface is great (I'd never used one before, but am an advanced computer user).  It probably is missing some things like the double-finger thingie for zooming, but who cares?  Just double-tap on a picture to zoom in or use the + icon that popus up momentarily on the screen.  Photos look great on it.4)  Taking photos is not great in dim light, but is fine otherwise5)  Have not taken or viewed any videos, except YouTube - which works fine.  Frame rate might be a little slow, and 16x9 videos are compressed horizontally, but otherwise its awesome.  (Youtube comes up in landscape mode - otherwise, the phone can operate in either portrait or landscape and the gravity vector sensor works flawlessly - with just the right delay)6)  Sound quality from the speaker is quite nice for such a small speaker system.  And volume seems pretty good.7)  It is plenty fast.  Dragging your finger to shift between screens is smooth and has no noticeable delay.  As one reviewer commented, it is a little slow booting up, but in theory you'd only do that once a day.  And I can wait 1.5 to 2 minutes for that.  Once it's on and sleeping (screen blanked, phone in standby), it comes on in about 0.5 seconds by tapping the button on the top.  Tap it again and its back in standby in 0.5 seconds or less.  That little button brings it in and out of standby with no fuss.8)  There's a popup keyboard of course, but you can also search the internet by speaking in words to the Google search bar.  And it works great without any training.  How cool is that?9)  GPS shows my house exactly where it should be on my street.10)  Size is small, but that's fine or even good.  I have had virtually no trouble using the touchscreen or reading the text - even though my eyesight is no longer the way it was when I was young.  And there's always glasses if you need them - just like reading a book.11)  Its an Android OS - so there is so much there that I better stop now.  There's no way to cover everything!So if you've been holding back on buying a Smart-Phone due to not wanting to layout $1K to $2K per year in contracts, but have been curious about learning what all the fuss is about.  Buy This !I'm having a ball learning and am beginning to understand why the new generation is always walking around staring at these little boxes in their hands ;-)

The Comet is probably what a lot of people are looking for.Most "smart phones" I have previously tried had annoyed me by being either a little too cheesy or way too expensive.  There are a lot of impressive touchscreen phones which always made me think, "that thing could be WAY cheaper if only they toned down the features somewhat."  There are also some super-cheap touchscreen phones which made me think, "this phone could be a lot better with only some minor improvements".The Comet seems to be in the lonely area right in the middle, where the the quality is just barely good enough to handle the most work likely to be thrown at it by most people.  And for that, the price is well below all of those "Cadillac-of-phones" phones.The Comet's acceptable features:Display:It's not a very high resolution (240x320), but the pixel size is larger than average.  So it isn't as large and sharp as better phones, but you still get a good deal more physical space than "normal" phones.Touchscreen interface:It uses the "capacitative" type, which means it is a completely solid surface which (somehow) knows when fingers are physically touching it.  It does not use the cheaper "resistive" type, which have a flexible surface which must be pressed down to work.  It isn't quite as perfectly sensitive as an iPhone, but much more reliable than resistive screens which have different levels of resistance in different locations.Keypad/text entry:The medium screen size might be a little annoying for tapping, but this phone uses "Swype" typing.  Plunk your finger on the first letter, then drag your finger all over the keyboard to each letter you want, and the magic Swype system figures out which word you want to spell.  It works way better than you think it will.  Other than the brilliant invention itself, the cool thing about Swype is that it is completely compatible with simple letter tapping if you don't want to use it.  Either type one letter at a time, or "Swype" the whole word.  You don't need to "change modes".Sound quality:Not bad, and not great.  Kind of right in the middle, which is fine.Physical build:It's not slim like the latest Apple or HTC products.  At exactly 0.5 inches, it is right about the same thickness as most normal phones.  However, it feels very solid and has no creaks or squeaks (yes, even the battery cover holds still).  The various body panels also fit together fairly close with no excessive gaps.Camera:Well, the camera kind of sucks.  Sorry.  At least it captures pictures fast.Processing and stability:Most of the time, it operates just fine with no annoying delays.  If too much stuff is going on, like multiple browser tabs loading or too many background applications, it starts to drag a bit.  But it never quite freezes or crashes like the Nokia Nuron, which is probably the next closest option for a cheapish touchscreen on T-Mobile.The Comet is manufactured by Huawei, the same Chinese manufacturer of T-Mobile's older Tap model.  The Tap was actually not bad for its price range, but the Comet has a sleeker design, stronger processing, better touchscreen technology, and of course the more competent Android operating system.Recommended add-ons, free from the Android market (icon on the home screen):1. Opera Mini or Opera Mobile.  Similar (Mobile is the "better" one) alternative web browsers to the standard Android browser, although Android's is pretty good too.  If you try one of these and like it, Android is smart enough to let you set one of them as the "default" browser.2. Any application killer/manager.  These things are just little programs that let you view a list of applications running in the background, and close them.  For some reason, almost all "smartphones" are idiots when it comes to managing currently-running applications.  A bunch of different managers are available as free versions.

I have had this android smart phone running on version 2.2, for the last 18 months, it's a smaller phone so it's perfect to sit in my pocket, I have dropped it over 10 times, including pavement at least 6 times, and it took the hit, it has a great speaker-phone for when driving and the mic and ear speaker are great, nice video cam, I have talked est = 9000 mins, and texted est = 15000 texts on it, and it is still right on, how can i complain about a perfect cell phone ( i also own a iphone4s and a lg vortex but no comment there are some issues on those), this comet is the best phone I have ever owned, I have over the years bought at least 15 other cell phones. This phone is made by Huawei and I give it a 10 out of 10, it is sitting right next to me ready to go.

I loved this phone! I used it for months until my husband broke it and we went ahead and upgraded our phones.

Tmobile comet is a great little phone. I was actually surprised by the size of the phone at first. Compared to my old sidekick, this thing felt like a feather. But it is a solid phone, and the screen, while much smaller than other smart phones, seems to fit this phone perfectly. The size does make traditional keyboard texting tough, especially with fat fingers, but the new swype technology eliminates the need for traditional typing. The inbox holds ridiculous amount of texts messages, however, I found that if I allow it to hold 300 messages or more the phone tends to slow down a little. So limiting the number of texts that the phone saves will keep the phone running smoothly. No dropped calls, bluetooth works great, wireless is very strong. Other than a few hiccups with hung screens and frozen apps on very rare occasions (as with any other phone), this phone runs great and packs a serious punch for such a small smart phone.

Bought this for my son who wanted internet on cell.  This was a lot better than getting a contract.It will cost him $50.00 a month with no additional taxes and such. The plan is called T-mobile Unlimited talk, textand data.  He had enough money in his account and is paid till November, 2011.  Other than, it is too small for myfingers to type I have not heard anything bad about it.  To help him further he bought a car charger.

I haven't used it much yet, but I have gone through so much already I'd like to comment. Out of the box I was awed! I had never dealt with an android before. But I could have saved myself some headaches if I had read reviews first.I didn't want to spend much because I didnt have a contract with T mobile so I had to pay for it myself and I am not a power user or frequent user. So I chose a cheap phone.Well it seemed to work for he first few days then the battery started wearing out within 24 hours I wasn't on the internet and hardly talked on the phone. After 4 days of hoping it was a temporary problem with the battery I decided to return it. I would finds apps running that I knew I wasn't using, I see now that just hitting the back button alone isn't enough even if you don't connect to the web. I find that also tapping the phone off button helps, at least I am not going back and finding apps running which is probably a major reason why the battery is wearing out so quickly. I returned the phone for a replacement after a gruelling experience with T Mobile customer service.Their customer service is iffy. I suspect that they returned the same phone to me because it had all the same apps on the home page, a brand new phone comes with no favorites set on it alreday and certainly not the exact ones I had on it. Returning the phone to T-Mobile may only make sense if you buy an entirely different phone. I have never had problems with amazon.com they may act more honestly in this sitaution. Now that I have figured out how to save the battery that's good but still I am hardly using the phone, I can only imagine how fast it will run out when I go on the internet you will need a back up charger on this one!For the price I still think it's a great buy, I read that androids are generally power guzzlers anyway!Would I buy it again, probably, I'll see how it goes when my data plan kicks in and I get on the internet.

In May of 2011, I brought three tmobile comets, one for my son he is 13, one for my husband, and one for me. I was impressed with the phone. I never had  navigation. or internet access. It has saved me a many of day. My 1st problem, my son's screen froze and he was given  a replacement because it was under warranty.  He sent it in with a back , and they did not return it. It cost 30 bucks to replace the back. Always keep the postal receipt they had no record of who I was because it was a prepaid.  I sent them the tracking number, and they released the refurbished replacement. My husband could not make calls because you could not hear him. He had to replace his phone, he was never a big fan of the phone, the small screen and the small keyboard. Today, August 30, 2011 I have to put the phone on speaker to hear any of my calls.  I would consider investing a little more money, and get a quality phone. I know I am going to have to replace it soon. I went from ecstatic to disappointed. I do want to keep the smartphone now I need one that I can afford without it breaking down in a few months. No recommendation here for the T-Mobile Comet.

I really, really like this phone. It's my first android phone, and it got me used to all of the stuff about Android phones. I'll probably buy another phone to replace this soon, but this is one of those phones I'll always hold dear to my heart.The screen is small, so I use the MessagEase keyboard with this phone, because that has really big keys and I can type a lot faster than with a tiny qwerty keyboard. I think I'm faster at typing now on this phone than my old phone with predictive text, and I was pretty fast before.I really like the directional button in the middle bottom. I'm really not ready to go 100% to a touch screen, plus the directional button makes using applications likeKindle for Androida lot easier to secretly use during boring meetings than if I had to swipe the screen every time I wanted to turn a page.It slowed down a lot for me as soon as I put a bunch of applications and other stuff on it, so I had to be pretty vigilant about cleaning off the stuff I didn't use from this phone. There's only 256 MB of memory total for the phone to use, and not everything can be moved to the SD card. I actually cleared all of the apps that I had on the SD card that I didn't use, too, and that made my phone run a little faster. So basically, if you buy this phone for your grandma, you should clean it up for her every six months or so.If I ever buy a friend a phone, it's going to be this one.Pros:-Looks cool-Small, lightweight-Doesn't have a qwerty keyboard (I don't like the extra weight/space of those keyboards)-Has useful buttons at the bottom-Really good as a Kindle reader-The best value for an starter Android phone that there is-GPS works great, wi-fi works great-Good sound, good video playbackCons:-3D applications don't ever work-256 MB total memory, that includes "RAM" and "Hard drive space," so it slows down a bunch faster than the phones that have separate memory-Slows down the phone if you display gadgets or live wallpaper or have a bunch of applications-The compass doesn't work very well-You can't get Google Goggles on this, probably because the camera is only 3 mega-pixelsSpecifications:*Same phone as the Huawei IDEOS 8150, this is made by Huawei also*The battery lasts me about 24 hours*256 MB of RAM, which includes hard drive space*SD card expandable to 32GB, mine is just 8GB though

After reading the previous reviews, I proceeded to obtain the Comet. So far it has met my expectations. Prior to obtaining the phone, my monthly average pre-paid phone expenses were about $100 / month (I was using T-Mobiles pre-paid services for my side-business activities). Now with this phone and using the WiFi VoIP (combined with Google Voice) capabilities, I've reduced it to less than $35 / month since everywhere that I perform consulting work (including my clients sites) have WiFi or HotSpots. Ths phone is a great bargin compared to the other high-priced Android phones. I also have an Apple iPhone 4 that I use for my real job; however, I really prefer using the Comet over the iPhone 4.

This is probably one of the lowest priced end androd devices out there.  Given how quickly smart phones are improving purchasing this phone and upgrading perhaps annually makes sense. However, the quality of the components is questionable.  For example, with respect to quality, within the first 7 days of purchasing this phone it became chipped.

This has been a really good cheap option for and Android smartphone. I paid $150 up front and $100 for 1000 minutes that last for a year. For data, you can spend 10 minutes (or $1.49) from your 1000 minutes to get a 24-hour access.In the middle of October 2011, T-mobile, without any notice, eliminated that 24-hour web pass. This is a total outrage.Do not buy from T-mobile!!

Por favor, compre este producto para Ecuador y no puedo usarlo porque la banda no esta abierta, y aqui no pueden hacerlo para este tipo de celulares, agradeceria, me ayuden con el procedimiento para desbloquearlo con la empresa respectiva.HUAWEI  U8150MAC  5C4CA9876AB2IMEI 352607043722814Atte.Freddy VASQUEZ

I ordered the Tmobile Comet to replace my Samsung Vibrant for now. The Comet is small compared to my vibrant but its a basic Android SmartPhone and it works well. Just in case anyone is wondering, the charger for the Comet fits the Vibrant. I'm sure it will fit the mytouch 4G also since my Vibrant charger also fits the mytouch.Also, this seller ships fast!! I ordered on a Sunday Evening, got a confirmation a few hours later indicating that it had shipped. So, I'd do business again with them :)

My laptop crashed couple weeks ago and I need alternation to get on line at home. We have a desktop but it's occupied by my husband or kids most of time. This is my first Android. It's not high-end but the price was reasonable and working really well.

I wrote a similar review over at T-Mobile, so thought I'd post it here too.This little guy is perfect for someone who uses a prepaid phone (not a smart phone) and has been using an iPod Touch to supplement their smartphone need. It runs Android 2.2 (Froyo) and it does an amazing job. Here's what contract smartphone users wouldn't like:The screen is small. Smaller than an iPod Touch 4G, but not too unlike the iPod Touch 3G. If you're coming from an iPhone 4, this screen will not feel as responsive, sharp, bright, etc. But that isn't to say its even a bad screen. Its just not a $400 screen.Out of the box, its fairly responsive; but like most (non-Apple) tech toys, you've gotta customize it a bit to get it running smoothly. I would recommend going into the Android Market and downloading LauncherPro. Think of this as a program to "re-theme" your home screen. Though that's not exactly what LauncherPro is. It will allow you to tweak a lot of the settings, and has a noticeably faster response than the default launcher.The battery on this puppy sucks. No other way around it. ** UPDATE: ** on average the charge lasts about 48 hours. ** If you are out in the woods all day, and are not near a car or power outlet, this won't do the job for you. The cable that comes with it is a mini-usb cable, and it includes a usb-wall adapter. If you are near power, you can use the included mini-usb cable and charge from a usb port on your computer or a wall outlet; or you can buy a usb car adapater if you don't have one already. I like mini-usb because its widely compatible with car chargers, computers, etc, but you have to make that call for yourself because the juice will run out each day.So what can you do about the battery? The same thing that I did on my iPod Touch: turn off all the extras. Turn off the GPS, turn off the 3G, turn off the bluetooth, and the auto-dim screen brightness. You can even go in and turn off vibrate for very specific things like: vibrate if on silent, don't vibrate with text, don't vibrate with new e-mail, etc. I don't think the battery thing is hopeless.Another question everyone wants to know: do I need the data plan? NO! This is a pre-paid phone, and that includes data. A daily web pass is just $1.49. If you plan on buying the web pass every day, you should upgrade to a nicer phone on a contract. If you are rarely going to use data because you are always in a wifi hotspot (like me), this is much more economical. I was an existing T-Mobile prepaid user. Before I turned on this phone, I put my sim card in it. It boots up, registers the device, and you are in business. The nice thing is, there isn't any way to accidentally start using the 3G. If there is wifi, this will slurp that up first. If there is no wifi, and you turn on the 3G, when you try to browse the web it will tell you that you need to buy the day pass for $1.49 before you can do anything. And when the day is up it prompts you again. I like that this is clear, and up-front. I'm much more likely to use this knowing that it is well-defined. Also if the wifi and 3G are on, it will use the wifi first if you don't have the day pass already.To me, this is a slam dunk. I don't use many cell phone minutes, and I am always in wifi. I would say it is definitely a strong entrance for smartphones in the prepaid market.Good luck!

The T-mobile Comet is a good phone.  I was really excited when it arrived, and since it was my first smartphone, I was really impressed.  For $100 (no contract) I got a device that could run some apps, store a few music albums, basic email and VERY basic web browsing.  It can also create, connect to, and tether via WiFi networks, with or without encryption.  It also supports bluetooth, although I never used this feature.  Of all the features, however, the best one was the GPS navigation.  The included Google navigator will play your music in the background and interrupt the music to dictate directions to you, so you'll never get confused with a map.  This alone was immensely helpful for me, although it basically requires an unlimited data plan.I would not recommend this phone if you want a fully functional smartphone.  The Comet can run apps and store whatever you want it to, but it won't be handling 3-d software, dynamic web pages, nor will it be able to handle too many apps or too much music.  The battery is minimal; it must be faithfully charged each night unlike many other phones.  Last of all, my T-mobile comet just broke after 7 months of almost never dropping it. So if you want a reliable phone, this isn't your phone.  But if you can deal with the downsides, it might be the right phone for you.

Phone was much smaller than I expected or wanted.  Had trouble using the key board as the letter keys were too small and close together.

I am writing this review because I do not want anyone else to have the same experience I am having with the T-Mobile Comet.Since the first week of January I have been trying to get a replacement battery for the Comet (Bought 11/10/2010)  The original battery has to be recharged about every two hours.  Much more seriously, when I have a long phone call (ten minutes or more) the phone gets so hot that I have to hold it away from my ear.  I have no landline to use instead.When I called in the first week of January, I informed T-Mobile of the problems, especially my worry about the heating up.  The customer service rep agreed that I needed a replacement battery and one would be sent right away.  The battery never came.I called again.  I was told that they didn't have any batteries in stock, and they told me to go to a local store, get one there and that the cost would be credited to my account.  I went to the T-Mobile store on Feb. 9th, only to be told that the Customer Service  Rep didn't know what he what talking about -- the stores don't have batteries.  From the store I called T-Mobile tech support.  Joe, in tech support promised me that he would order one as soon as we got off the phone.  On Feb 10th I got a text message that the equipt. order was being processed, that I would get the battery in 3 business days, and I would get an E-Mail with a tracking number when it shipped. Guess what, folks -- no E-Mail, no battery....Last Thursday (the 24th)  I called again.  I was told that the order had been placed by Joe, and they had "no idea" why the battery hadn't been sent. They put in a new "rush" order, promising to get the battery to me by today, Wednesday, priority shipping at their expense. On the 26th I got that same text message saying that the order was being processed, and that I would get an E-Mail, etc. Well, guess what -- no E-Mail; so, the only thing I can believe is that, once again, T-Mobile is not sending me a battery.Clearly there is something very wrong with this battery/phone. T-Mobile's failure to correct the problem after repeated requests from me leads me to believe they simply don't care.  I am beginning to wonder -- is there something wrong with the Comet itself and T-Mobile is stalling me? The bottom line is that I would discourage anyone from buying the Comet based upon my experience.

The battery life was not good from the beginning. Then after one and half year, the battery drains by itself w/o any usage. The only good thing about this device is its speaker. You can still use this as mp3 player by connecting car charger.

Besides all technically features which I find truly amazing for a phone of this size:Be aware that this phone is locked against SIM cards of other phone companies. If you are planning to take this phone outside USA and to use it with a different SIM card, it will not work - as it will request an unlock code. Perhaps T-Mobile USA can provide this, but probably not for free.Also, if you are not from an English speaking country: Be aware that the T-Mobile supports only English and Spanish language - none other.

UPDATE:I've had this phone for nearly a year now (a year exactly in 2 weeks, to be accurate). Now I'm saving up for another. Over the year apps have updated and become larger. With the phone's miniscule internal memory, and all the apps that can't be moved to the SD card, I have had to remove all the apps I want to use in order to make space for the apps I don't use but CAN'T remove (even with root). I'm struggling to keep the minimum amount of space available - once I get the "low space" warning, everything stops working - and every day one of the irremovable apps updates. I then have to uninstall the update, but I can't remove the app and can't stop it from updating so before long it updates itself again.Without being able to use any apps I want to use, the phone is little different from a dumbphome, and when that one app updates even grooveip won't work. So basically I end up using my computer to make calls and the phone has become a paperweight.If ALL you want to do is make regular phonecalls, it works for that. But $10 phones at walmart will do that too.ORIGINAL REVIEW:4 starsWhen I decided I wanted an Android phone that worked with T-Mobile prepaid, I thought I would have to spend about $400 on an unlocked phone. I was overjoyed to find this affordable T-Mobile prepaid phone! It runs all the apps I want to run. Barcode scanning apps, games, streaming video, streaming music, etc. all work great!Not only is it prepaid, thanks to the wifi and GrooVe IP, I am barely using any prepaid minutes! T-Mobile prepaid already had my phone bill at $15 per month, and this phone has taken it down to about $3.I do have two issues with this phone that stopped it from being 5 star. One is that the volume buttons only work at certain times - I can't just press them while on the homescreen to turn sounds up and down - and getting to the software volume controls is cumbersome. This may be a flaw of Android and not the phone, though. I have a tablet with an older version of Android, and the volume buttons work any time, so I'm not sure. The other issue is that if the screen is on while I'm in a call, my face presses buttons. However, that is easily solved by using speaker phone, and I prefer to use that anyway.These issues are minor, and the great price of this phone added to the fact that it is Android and has wifi makes it totally worth dealing with those minor annoyances.

I've had this phone about 3months now and this is a good phone if your looking for a cheap android smartphone. This is also a good transition phone if your not accustomed to touch screens because the circle in the middle can be used to navigate through screens, but not like a track ball.. think more of like clicking arrows. This phone is an early android model (2010 i believe)so there is not a lot of memory so your phone starts lagging if you download many apps but you can expand it to 32gb! and transfer data and application memory into your memory card which is good. I believe this phone is for the kind of people that aren't big on apps but still need the basic ones like google maps, perhaps a chase app, a weather app,.. i would not recommend this phone to people accustomed to downloading a bunch of worthless games, and apps such as how to make pasta recipes from scratch when you've obviously never even boiled an egg in your life(so most teenagers pretty much--this phone is not for you). The speakers on the phone are pretty loud although the mp3 with headphones is definitely not as loud as an ipod, but I guess that's a good thing. You can open up word documents which is great and although the phone lags sometimes if your running too many applications it is not that bad. I had an iphone 3g before this and to me this was an upgrade cause my 3g was old, beat up, and slow..(it served me well though the time i had it so no complaints on apple performance). The Comet is much much cheaper also than most smartphones on the market. Remember people.. phones are simply status symbols and there are good phones for cheap like this one... im a college student and work so budgeting is my primary concern. Im sure this is yours too if you are looking at this phone to begin with..  Do research on your own as I have and see if you find a better phone. I got a deal I guess.. I only paid 85$ brand new.. Amazon:) (but thats around what its worth now a days anyway)

i just came out of a 2 year contract with Verizon and was paying double to what i am paying for this phone.GREAT PHONE!!

Just got this phone. For a hundred bucks, I'm impressed. Intuitive to use. Responsive. Good balance between size and function.About the battery - there's a whole section in the manual about battery-saving tips. Read it before complaining. People always complain about the battery life, but c'mon, you can't just leave everything running and expect to not have to charge it. Dim the display. Turn off stuff when you're not using it, like wifi, data, 3G, GPS. The phone has been on for about 12 hours now, with me playing with it off and on like I just got it, and the battery is at 85%. Really can't call the battery life bad, can I?If you're looking for a fancy phone like the HTC Incredible, etc., this isn't it. If you're looking for a basic smartphone with a small price tag and a small size, keep this one in mind.

I was basically looking for a phone with two features--a QUERTY keyboard and wi-fi. The Comet seemed to fit the bill, and the touch screen (which provided the virtual keyboard) seemed like an added bonus. When the phone arrived, though, I found using it frustrating. It took real time for my taps to register on the phone's screen and occasionally the screen didn't register the taps at all. I also had to violently shake the phone to get the image to rotate 90 degrees when I held the screen sideways. I ended up returning this phone and getting an unlocked Nokia E5, which I'm happy with (no touch screen, but at least it's responsive).Like the other reviewer, though, in general I recommend value offered by T-mobile prepaid service for people who are not heavy cell phone users.

I got my Comet through a promotion ($50 prepaid card) so I only paid less than $100 for it. But I had to wait for 2 weeks since my order was back ordered (no wonder given the promotion).When I finally got hands on this little thing, I realized a versatile gadget just arrived!To sum up, it has (almost) all the features high-end smart phones brag about: android 2.2, mp3, wifi, bluetooth, gps, tethering, camera, etc.I don't want to repeat the known features one by one. Here are a few things I am really pleasantly surprised.1. Tethering: once connected to 3G of Tmobile, Comet can be used as a portable Wi-Fi hotspot. I bought a one-day web pass from Tmobile for $1.50 and tried this feature out. It works like a charm. My can easily configure the wifi name, password within Comet. My laptop nearby then sees strong signal so it can connect to Internet through the phone. A quick speedtest reports 4000kps+ download speed also. I will never need to pay hotel $20 for Internet access anymore, ever!  The downside: T-mobile does cap the speed once you reach certain quota (30M?) per day. I did notice the speed drops later on.2. GPS. The default Navigation app works perfect. On a road drive, Comet can quickly pick up GPS signal and pinpoint my location in the map. Destination input becomes as easy as a builtin google search. The Navigation app shows not only map, but with detailed lane information, and with colored roads to indicate traffic information (the similar traffic layer in Google map).  The app also gives out voice instructions about turns. Comet can easily serve as a backup/(even a replacement if I buy a car holder) to my old Garmin 255W GPS.  I think Garmin  should really worry about this:  where is the market for a dedicated GPS device when even a low-end smartphone can have comparable/better GPS functions integrated?Enough positives. Here are some downside:1. the battery can be better. If you turn on GPS, 3G, use camera quite often, the battery will drain out in 5 hours or less.  But this maybe a universal problem for all smartphones.2. The speed is slow sometimes. But given its market position and price, I don't have too much to complain about.Bottomline: a very good choice for people who don't want to pay monthly bills but still want to join the crowd using smartphones.

i love my new it was just what i wanted its small and handy for me to carry around my friends just love it .i have to buy one for my wife for her birthday its perfect for us

There are many reviews and product description out there about Comet; so I won't go over them again; however, I would like to go over couple details that might aid prospective buyers.The phone comes with Android 2.2 but it's browser, or any browser, doesn't support Flash, because of its slow processor speed (528 MHz). Adobe requires 600 MHz or above, or something close to that, to run Flash 10.1, on top of Android 2.2. So Flash videos and other Flash content on websites do not work. I didn't know this before I purchased this phone, but its pros over weigh its cons. In the end, it is still a smartphone and it is an Android phone with all the apps.I am a Pay As You Go customer and even though I wanted the internet in my pocket, I didn't want to pay the 70 to 100 dollar monthly fee to have it. This phone is dirt cheap, and T-Mobile now has Pay As You Go internet access: $1.49 for a day's worth of unlimited Internet access. T-Mobile claims full 24 hours; however it has been cutting me off a little sooner than that in a day, but still great.So the phone being dirt cheap for an Android Smartphone, and allowing you to still spend only what you need, makes this a great buy.The phone is light and compact - for those who don't like the idea of carrying a bulky device all day long in your pocket.Does not have "pinch to zoom" - i.e., not multi touch, but still is a touchscreen phone.Not perfect, but 4.7 starts for price vs performance.

I bought my T-Mobile Comet Prepaid Android Phone "refurbished" for about $80 from T-Mobile (with my company discount).  I usually love this phone, my prepaid service runs ~$8 per month on average.  The phone does get a bit wiggly (slow) at times but I do Twitter, Facebook, etc. on it).  I do recommend JuiceDefender for better battery life.  One of the best Android phone deals on the market!

The was very poor item the signal drop constantly.SIM card attempted to load Phone # and only 1/3 of the # transferred over.I going to send this item back where it cam from.

This phone is tiny.  At least as small as my old candybar dumb phone.  But it packs a lot of useability into a small space.While the screenspace is tiny, the capacitive screen is extremely precise. I have really large hands but even with my paws I can type quickly and accurately on the virtual keyboard.  And of course with the 'voice input' set to show the mic on the keyboard, most of the time I can just speak the message I wish to send.Most smartphones are just too big for me to want to tote around all day.  This one is light enough for me to forget it's there.  But it's also powerful enough to run a lot of useful apps.  I installed samba and the ES file browser and use it to stream MP3s off my fileserver while I work around the house.It's also become my main library.  I had shied away from e-books, but with the aldiko reader installed - and after choosing the proper font - reading books even on the Comet's tiny screen is no problem at all.The downsides as most other reviewers have mentioned - the camera sucks.  Not quite as bad as a VGA cam, but close.  Also the WIFI reception is a little lacking, but you can only cram so much antenna into a small package.Apart from those two problems, this phone is everything I could have hoped for in a tiny smartphone.

If this is your first experience with a Smart Phone, the T-Mobile Comet is a good phone for you.  It is intuitive and has on-screen help available at any time.  This phone quickly accesses the Internet.  You can process your email with this phone too.You will have to get used to the touchscreen so perhaps a screen protectorT-Mobile Huawei Comet Screen Protectorwill help.  You will also need a Google email account (if you already one, you can use that, if not, it's free to sign up).The only drawback with this phone (probably for all Smart Phones), is that it will use a lot of data but T-Mobile has good data programs that are affordable.Overall, this phone is an excellent value for the price.

This phone can do the latest in mobile capabilities. The Swype on board keyboard is quick. The email and internet capabilities are impressive. The voice, maps,GPS,wi-fi, bluetooth, navigate,etc are amazing. I wouldn't leave home without it.

This is a horrible phone. I had it for three months and it DOES NOT EVEN WORK. It is slow and the screen turns black when I press the menu button, I hate it dont get this phone get the MyTouch 4G.

If you need a relatively affordable pre-paid phone that can run apps like Skype and Google Voice over WiFi without a contract commitment, then this Comet might work for you. The overall voice quality on this phone is not so great. And when you compare it to the current Android phones on the market now, it pales in comparison. The touch-screen is definitely not as sensitive as an iPhone's screen and it has an ever so slight lag-time when you swipe it. The design is a little dated when compared to the Androids now. It's sort of got a "pebble" feel to it. The camera is not so great either.I don't think I would buy this phone again if I had a choice. I think that with all pre-paid phones, carriers really don't take into consideration functionality and style. It's sort of like, you want a pre-paid phone, then you have to accept that they are not going to put a lot of effort in designing a solid working phone. The T-Mobile Comet is no different.

Just because this phone (Tmobile comet) is prepaid does not mean that it is unlocked (able to use a different sim card)! Tmobile officially will give the unlock code if certain conditions are met, but my practical experience with them, and I saw reflections of this on the web, is that it doesn't happen so easily. After wasting hours (I think without exaggeration) trying to get the unlock code from them, I gave up on dealing with them, and I resorted to unlocking services online. The cheaper services aren't able to unlock it - [one of them charged me, and claimed that they would reimburse me, did not give me back the money until I was about to report them to paypal, then a message popped up that they would immediately give me back the money - no questions asked - and they did!]. Finally for about $20 I was able to unlock it with cellunlocker.net but it took them I think around 4 days to get me the code (but it was over the weekend).The phone works nicely, except of course as mentioned by many before the camera isn't very good - the objects appear remote and it doesn't capture their details - [and that's why I only rated the phone a 4 because I think that nowadays a camera is kind of integral to a good phone], and although it works smoothly, I'm kind of disappointed with android 2.2 and the apps (e.g. a song that you have in the regular music app. can not be sent via bluetooth! - on the web I saw people trying to figure that out. there are however other apps. that let you), I was expecting it to be a more computer like operating system, where I can find all my files and songs etc., but it doesn't work that way, you can just use apps.. Hopefully they'll improve in the near future. From what I understand this phone has almost all the functions, capabilities, and features as the other smartphones that are being sold for much much more, so it is kind of a service (of course very soon with the growing markets I'm sure all the prices are going to come down). [but this is not the fault of the phone, the phone does what it's supposed to very well (except for the camera, and for the unlock problem) so I did not rate it less for this].Great blessings of Na Nach Nachma Nachman MeUman!

Phone died 6 weeks after receiving it.  Return window ended 4 weeks after receiving it; not clear how to have it replaced under warranty.

The nice thing about this phone is that you can use Wi-Fi while on a prepaid plan, at no extra cost.  If you've got wi-fi at home and work, and don't travel much, it's a great bargain.The camera is poor, and the screen is a tad small, but overall it's a good device.

I got this phone for $120 straight from t-mobile not sure why its so expensive here?Anyways this phone is great.  Battery life suffers out of the box but once the phone is rooted, and setcpu is install to limit the cpu speed when the screen is off and such the phone will last you for 2 days heavy use!  I use it with my current minutes/msg plan and just use the wifi on it.There is so much power to this phone once you root it.  I could not ask for more.

I really love this item.. It is a awesome mobile device and the best thing about it, is the size of this android phone. Its very portable and perfect.

I love this phone and all the features. It's not to big or small. I love the screen size as well.

Almost solely based on the free voip capability i give it 4 stars, and a plus 1 for the rest. I got this unit for $100.Free outbound calls and inbound receiving can be made via wifi by downloading the Google voice and sipdroid phone apps. The google voice account should first be created and properly configured from a PC, before touching the cell. I suggest under the google voice account (from a PC terminal) NOT to link/forward to the cell number with google voice, as this might incur charges to a plan. I have also read that it is currently not possible to undo the link, once set up, particularly on the cell service end. Make sure google voice account forwards to google chat, however.I first configured the phone's wifi WITHOUT the sim, and currently does not have one. This makes sure that one does not accidentally use the cell plan, instead of the wifi.Being already and avid user of google voice from the computer, this serves as a hardware extention to GV, which is exactly what i was looking for.This setup seems to me much better than skype and fring. There is a really bad sound problem when calling to the computer from the cell using skype. At least in my case.For detailed instructions on how to set this up, google the title of this review.******************Update, i regret having to announce that some of the third party applications that made free calling possible have begun charging. It is still possible in a round about way, and will still need a cell phone number initially to activate account, but i wonder how long these free feature will be available.

This is a really good smart phone with such a low price. Everythingis cool but the camera. It claimed the 3.1M camera, but the qualityis very low. I think the real camera resolution is less than 1.3M,because I found the picture quality even lower than that taken bymy webcam(1.3M).

This phone has been a nightmare since i got it. All the negative comments are true. The phone is slow,nthe screen goes black, calls are dropped, its all true. If one person gave it a negative review i'd say okay a fluke. When 11 people are giving it a thumbs down the phone is garbage.

This phone is a piece of junk.  When I bought it, I expected it to work on a par wwith the iphone.  Was I disappointed!!  If the features actually worked, I'd be very happy with it, but I press and press an application, it just doesn't function. The keyboard comes up on the screen when it's not needed, I could go on and on.  I have sent an email to the vendor (ewirelesstx) and have been informed that I can't get a refund.  I can, however, trade it for a different phone, which I'm trying to do now.  If all the comets are like this one, then save your money and buy something else!!

this phone is great for so many reasons. they keypad is small but the swipe feature is great. i am very pleased with this phone, if you are going thru t mobil just beware they will charge you 30.00 for the unlimited internet not 10.00 like thier adds say

I thought this one be a good alternative to a contract android phone, I guess the joke is on me.  First off, it's slow.  It's constantly playing catch up when your typing out long messages.  The camera is so bad none of the bar code scanning apps will scan anything.  Not too mention half the apps in general don't even work with this phone, for under powered hardware reasons I'm guessing. The weather bug app doesn't even work with this phone.  Seriously?  This phone isn't fast enough to get the current weather.  I hope you didn't have your heart set on using Google goggles with this phone cause that doesn't work either.  Pretty much any cool app isn't going to work with this phone.  If you are brave enough to take the plunge I suggest on getting the plan that offers unlimited data.  This thing is like a junkie when it comes to using data.  I got the 1500 minutes/30 GB data plan.  I burned up all my data allowance in 2 weeks without barely using it.  The only way to really control the data usage is to turn off data completely when your not using it or get the unlimited plan.  Even that has its drawbacks.  Turning the data on and off seems to make the phone unstable.  It takes forever for the data to come up when you turn it back on.  Turning the phone completely on and off seems to help once in a while, if you don't mind waiting 10 minutes for the phone to fire up each time.  On the other hand if you want to spend an arm and a leg for a smart phone that just makes calls with no problems then this is the phone for you.

Light weight and size for a web phone.Battery use problem fixed by turning off background data (Menu->Settings->Accounts&Sync-;>BackgroundData).Android 2.2 is competitive with Apple iphone software (previous Android versions were too slow and inconsistent).Includes wifi, useful at home or work, so I only buy an occasional day use web plan.Total cost will be less than $15 a month over two years.

using the comet for about a month,3g is slow loading pages.sometimes i have to reboot it when i see the massage "no service".will not run some games like angry birds.and after rooting with z4root some apps work but in general it is a step up from a dumb phone.go with the my touch or something else other than the comet.

I read a lot of reviews at Amazon before purchasing it. It is simple and has all the functions I need. The battery life is horrible, and I can no longer charge it after 3 months. DO NOT buy it.

What's hot: astoundingly small footprint, capacitive touch screen, price tag, swipe keyboard included, android goodies such as WIFI, Bluetooth, GPS, G-sensors, and GSM connectivityWhat's not: screen is only 2.8 inches, no multitouch, lagging processor, no internal memoryThe verdict: A solid smartphone for those trying android for the very first time, the cute t mobile comet delivers on features and price, but lacks on that brilliant performance. If you can handle a slower machine, this phone will not let you down.DETAILED REVIEW:When i first laid my eyes on the T mobile comet, i experienced the strangest sensation of remembering something from the distant past. It's compact size and soft touch materials ripping down a veil that hid... the HTC touch? Could it be? Was this a re-branding of the same product, but with added features and android? No, this was not. Huawei, a relative newbie in the smartphone industry is also based in Asia, and although the two products are errily akin, they are diverse in multiple ways.The aforementioned design is almost one on one with the HTC touch. A small, 2.8&#34; capacititve display sits above the typical four android hot keys, a comfy five way navigation toggle, along with end and call buttons. Were please with the backlit buttons that are sensitive to the touch, and usable considering the small screen size. Granted i would have preferred a larger screen without the buttons in a sacrifice, but the price of 50 dollars with contract, or $199 without tells a different story. Some of my cohort reviewers have warned that the metallic finish surrounding the button area wears away. So far, that has not been a serious issue in our testing.The bottem of the phone houses a micro usb charging and syncing port. The top features a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack, while the left sides a volume rocker. It's a small victory in the company's part to stick with the standards. The very back features a grey casing, with a 3.0 mp camera capable of video and photo capture.The camera lacks any fine detail, and features washed away colors. Although acceptable for snaps, that's not saying much in this day and age. Also note, you must purchase a micro SD card to access the camera function. Behind the cover lies a 1,200 MA battery (which runs roughly a week on standby, and three days with occasional use), a micro SD card (you must buy one of these to use any media functions), and a SIM card slot. The solid battery life may be connected to the smaller footprint of the device. Overall, the aesthetics of the phone are excellent, with it's glass, soft touch, and semi weighty feel.T mobile's  comet performed average in our call tests, with consistent reception, but slightly tinny sounds thanks to the microphone. However, it's loud, and crisp speaker makes up for this flaw. The volume is surprisingly decent, which makes the music experiences on the phone quite good. All in all, the phone functions well, The device is able to run on both the 3g and 2g networks, via a selection in the settings page. One of the coolest features of this otherwise ordinary smartphone, is its ability to act as a hotspot, and connect five other devices to the internet. The function works well, and we were pleased it came bundled at such a low cost handset.Although the comet runs android 2.2, it lacks multitouch. Thankfully, swipe keyboard is installed for faster typing on the smaller display. The cellphone also has access to the android marketplace, where apps were fluently downloaded and launched. We tested several favorites, such as burn the rope, where things ran fine. Documents to go is also thrown in free, so editors can take power point, excel, word , and adobe documents on the run. However, be warned, the slower, under 500 mgz processor can take a few seconds longer when downloading more intensive applications.The system itself runs smoothly, and performs well on the bright, but less vibrant display. Images and videos, while having to be displayed smaller, are actually one of this phone's strongest points. Due to the wide range of video formats, almost all video files could be played drag and drop on this phone. This is way more time consuming than converting files, as needed on other android handsets, such as the Motorola Cliq.Web browsing is bust used in horizontal mode, with the phone tapped over, and the screen flipped by the g sensor. The wide range of connectivity ensures a constantly interlinked device. Although, more sluggish than a 1. ghz device, the browser works like a charm, and the Google services, such as talk, voice search, navigation, and maps take advantage of the suite of features. The GPS found it's location quickly, and the turn by turn free service is another reason this smartphone is not just a pretty face.A overall great start for its intended audience of starter/less typing focused Android users, the comet should be a valuable consideration. But be sure you see it's limitations before you purchase one!

recently sold it. dropped T-mobile, they are pretty terrible. but the phone was solid! a bit sluggish but easy to use and navigate with.

Awesome little Unit >> make sure to install Advance Task killer (free), otherwise it will eat up your batteryCamera is my only complaint ..  kind of useless, horrible horrible picture quality

Love the phone but could have bought it for $21 cheaper on T-mobile site, ($124 U.S.D.) and I'm sick about that part.  Other than that, this android works excellent with wireless home internet (there are at&t wireless hotspots all over); --So it's nice not to have to pay $10 extra per month for T-mobile web.  Wish I had looked at the T-mobile site and priced this phone before I bought it.  Well, I'll know next time.

I might have chosen another, but it was my upgrade time with T-Mobile, and got the Comet for next to nothing. Prior to this phone, I tried to make BlackBerry-land make sense, first with the Pearl, then with the flip 8220. I took the plunge and went for a totally new experience. First off, (and I have to be honest), there IS one non-insurmountable negative feature, namely the keyboard being small and hard to tap the right character. Luckily, the Comet has the "landscape" option, which nearly doubles the size of the keyboard, but it is still on the small side. And that "Swype" method of input nearly drove me over the edge while trying to learn it. For a user to type quickly and correctly, he/she must have the layout memorized, and use a swiping method to spell the words, change case, use alt characters and wind up with a legible message. I choose to use the Android keyboard, in spite of its size. But it lets you save each word to build a dictionary which makes each additional message/email much faster, with practice.Slightly bothersome is the camera, but I didn't buy this phone to be a camera, so as long as I know its limitations (no flash, but 4 choices of alternate lighting conditions) I can live with it.PRO'S: the sides have a non-slip, rubbery type of material which makes it easier to hold. It comes with a ton of apps, plus there are literally thousands of apps available on the Android network, There's no complicated download scenario; you just push an "install" button and go your merry way. Multiple simultaneous downloads work quietly in the background and when installed, you get a notification. Be careful when exploring new apps, as many of them are not free, but if you find one you love, the majority of prices run from .99 to $2.99. There are some that are quite expensive, but you don't get tricked into buying something that causes you to take a second mortgage on your home. One of my favorites is the Scanner Radio which lets you listen to multiple events: airline control tower, police, and several more. Also, the Comet can be configured to talk, so you don't need to read emails, messages, notes, etc. Just kick back and a very nice lady reads the info to you. There is so much more to the comet: GPS (fast and accurate and free), many music players that let you upload and download songs (mostly from other users collections, but not far removed from the pay for everything download demons).I think I've made my point, and DO recommend the Comet for a first Android phone. I hope you will download and print the 65-page PDF user manual. It takes you step by step from beginning to end, so by the time you are done you will have a sound understanding of the phone. And then, guess what? The manual covers only the beefy basics, and further exploration will yield many more features and gadgets. It's a fun phone that you can actually use as a portable game-base. And it's a sophisticated work-horse that meshes beautifully with your PC and network.

The phone had some issues and I had to take out the battery a few times before my calls would go out, but over time it happens less and less. Overall the features arent bad on the phone at all. No real complaints on features other than the camera's crap, but it's not the highest end phone possible, so that is expected. Day 1, you need to raid the app store to get anything your missing like a call blocker or voice recorder. I had these naturally on my $40 piece of crap phone I had and this one didn't but whatever. Plays vids well. Just prepare to be in random menus and maps etc if your wi-fi is on from it slightly brushing around in your pocket.

Small and durable. Not the newest or fastest, but extremely reliable and inexpensive to own. I've used this phone for years and still like it enough to use it every day.

This does not even deserve 1 star, I would never recommend this phone to even a child, also come to me with a SD card with Naked Pictures and Porn Video's!!!
