
I was hoping to replace an older phone that worked and get something with more features. But this feels like down grade.The good camera is OK, bluetooth, predictive text, upgradable memory, its light in weight, always on clock.The bad, interface is garbage too easy to send unfinished text and hitting the internet is too easy, unable to see who sent you text unless you download it read it and hitting info and when stored labeled not by who sent it but uses the first word of the text, feels cheep and like a plastic toy.As add insult of changing phones I lost 90% of my minutes!!! I also now I'm getting spammed by texts and e-mail by Net 10 which I never use too. Its been going on for months. Now thinking of changing phone service all together. My even go back to my old phone till then.Sum up it works as a phone. Text and other services is frustrating to use. I wouldn't buy it unless you have too.

This Phone is Small & Compact & Very Easy to Use! Just What I was Looking for! & Couldn't Beat the Price as Well!  :o)

We were Verizon customers for many years because of their family plan and good service. We decided to switch to NET10 to save some money. We don't need to access our email or have any of the other services that the big 3 have to offer. We only need a phone to make calls.  The Moto w408G phone is just OK. It is adequate for people that only make occasional calls like we do. The phone lacks a lot of features that the expensive phones have, but the quality of the reception is as good as my other phones. If you want to send a lot of text messages don't get this phone. The phones with a QWERTY keyboard is certainly much better.  We signed up for the NET10 "Easy Minutes" for $15 month for 200 minutes, just what we need. Saves us about $50-$55 a month for 2 phones.

I ordered this cell phone for my wife.  This phone is simple to use and is just perfect for someone who just needs a communication device without too many distracting functions.

Bought this phone for my Mom. The battery is defective now and she has only used it about 2 months.

Want a cheap phone and inexpensive service?Only use a cell phone for brief conversations?Then I can recommend this phone with Net10 service.I've had better phones, like the Samsung Gleam, however, I'm now paying $15.00 per month instead of $44.00 per month for the same type of usage.The phone itself is very functional and the menus are adequate. My biggest pet peeve with this phone coupled with Net10 service is that the browser button is the same for the back key and exit key. Press it a third time and you get a charge for the Web browser. Seems like a cheap money maker for Net10.Talking to people seems to be fine. I don't discern any problems with quality or quantity when talking to people.I had bought the LG620G and hated it as the browser button was getting pressed even when it was in my pocket. I envisioned 3 or 4 hours of browser time without knowing it.I switched that phone for the Motorola since it is a flip phone and must be opened to be able to get hosed by the browser button.BTW: A Warning-if you switch phones with Net10 service, be prepared for an hour or two talking to customer service.So, if you like an inexpensive phone with a cheap plan then I would recommend the Motorola W408gCheers,Hammer

This phone is rather flimsy. Unfortunately it fell out of my hand a time or two. When it hit the floor the top portion of the phone came off completely. Unless they make these phones more substantial, I am purchasing a different model next time.

I have nothing good to say about this product, because I have to returned it, my cell company won't accepted and they did not give back my money. Was a bad experience.

this phone sucks, i can't get a signal nowhere . i would not buy this phone ,it use more min. thin it should when u text.

I've got to tell you that I love this thing because it don't dial with your but.All the newer phones are easier to text with but they don't have a cover.It's harder to text with.The sound is wonderful and clear.I don't hear &#34;meep glorf cundum.&#34; when I talk with my wife any more on the phone any more.I rate this well.

When my phone lost signal, which was often as it is a weak receiver, would not reacquire the signal on its own. I had to shut it off and then on again to find a signal.

I've owned just about every flip phone on the market, as electronics is what I do for a living. Pass this one up. I assure you.Yeah, it seems trick because it has an mp3 player, but the buttons are impossible to push because they are perfectly flat with no distinguishment whatsoever between keys.Also, it is a pain in the ass and then some just to get this mp3 equipped phone to do real-tone ringtones, so personalizing between contacts is nearly impossible.The phone, although a flip phone, flips open to an almost entirely flat angle, so there's no contour with your cheek, which makes it hard to speak clearly into the microphone, and you will inevitably hit buttons inadvertently with your cheek.That's all I've time to write. Cheers!

I purchased the Motorola W408g in Sept 2011;  wasn't looking for a phone to web surf, wasn't looking for a smartphone;  just a great basic quality phone.  I have a computer so wasn't buying a phone for internet service.  The phone started out be a great little phone, but had a little problem staying together.  This phone falls apart everytime I turn around.  It's now July 2012 and the phone has begun to stop ringing, so I now am carrying it in my pocket (if my pants have pockets)with the vibrate/ring so that I don't miss a call.  I'm now looking for another basic great quality phone.If you are thinking about buying this phone because of the camera, I can say it has a decent camera, though I've never been able to transfer the pics from the phone to the computer.  Oh, as far the audio quality of the phone, it's great;  audio hasn't been a problem at all.  It has great audio and I've never had anyone telling me that they couldn't hear/understand me.But the quality of this phone is the pitts, lousy built.

I BOUGHT THIS DUE TO MOTOROLA NAME WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY THE MP3 DOES NOT WORK MADE OUT OF CHEAP PLASTIC NO METAL IN THIS THING MOTOROLA SHOULD BE ASHAMED WORSE PHONE I EVER BOUGHT DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY

I had this phone in the past and suddenly they stopped selling it in my area.  I was very happy to be able to find another on Amazon.

This is a decent phone but I have some complaints as far as texting goes and the browser. To text with this phone you can choose abc or something very similar to t9 but you have to select which word you want to use because it pulls up a few words it guesses you want to use and then select okay. It should just automatically guess the word you want to use. I text more then anything which makes this phone very annoying for me to use. The browser is also annoying and difficult to use as well as very slow compared to other cheap prepaid phones I have used in the past. The phone is also cheaply made and flimsey. Normally that is not something that I notice but with this phone you can tell that the quality is not good. Also after adding contacts to your phone book it will not let you edit it. You will have to delete the name and number and start over again which is shocking that there is no edit feature with this phone. I am not even able to download graphics or ringtones, etc with this phone because it sais this plan is not allowed and to visit the website for info on how to be able to download features to my phone. I paid $29.99 for my phone which is way over priced for this phone. I bought a tracfone flip style phone for only $15 and liked it much better then this phone but decided to go with this phone because of the good plans with Net10 and there were only a few phone choices. In fact, there were no other flip phones then this model available to choose from where I bought my phone. I am disappointed that there were only 2 phones to choose from for Net10 at the store where I bought my phone. I am very satisfied with the reception and clarity of this phone and it would be a decent phone to just make and receive phone calls but not to text or surf the web, in my opinion.

This phone is perfect for my wife, who is unfortunately, scared to use the smart phones that are so popular these days.The phone is simple to use,has number keys that are easy to read and select.  The phone has a fairly good camera andtakes very good video's as well.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who does not like all the bells and whistlesthat most phones have today.

DOSEN'T WORK! What more can I say, need to get a refund, or replace the phone, I was not pleased, my husband needed it for work!

This was sent directly to my son as a Christmas gift.  I only recently learned that what was sent was a voice recorder.  Not the phone I had ordered.  Not happy at all.

I bought this because of the price and it takes photos as  a security device for my wife,, if you need all that other stuff go buy a more expense phone.  All we need  are phones not an entertainment center..We have had Net10 phones before and transferring our number and time took about twenty minutes with the person at Net 10.  No complaints here,, go for it...

I bought this phone to replace my very basic Net10 phone I started out with. I started setting it up, but the camera would not work. I discovered that it does not include the memory card, which is another $15. I feel like this is deceptive advertising, since there is no way you could know that you need to purchase a separate memory card when you buy the phone. I'm afraid I won't be keeping this phone, and will no longer be using Net10.

I bought this Cell phone about 10 months ago. The major drawbacks to this phone is that I can't be reached on this phone at times when the cell phone is on. I could be walking in a building and someone else in the same building could call me and I can not pick up a signal. It is not dependable. I could dial out at times and sometimes cannot do so.Other things I find inconvient is that that when I receive or send out calls, they are stored. I can only delete one call at a time. This becomes tedious if you have more than 20 listings of calls or more to delete. Other phones allow you to delete all of them at once.Net 10 is good for the money with limited service, which is all right with me. I don't like to spend allot of time on the cell phone. But I do not reccommend this phone to anybody.

Purchased in hopes to use this. Couldn't use it because the programs were not working properly and the company couldn't find a serial number on it. HATE IT

A decent phone to use with Net10.  Inexpensive and has good call quality (for a cell phone).  Battery life is also pretty good, only have to charge every 3 days or so.  This is my first cell phone...I don't like these things and held out as long as I could.  Just needed something very basic and inexpensive and this along with Net10 generally fits the bill.There are some cons with this, but you have to remember that this is a $20 phone...- Build quality is pretty weak, particularly the battery cover which slips off too easily.  On the other hand, this has been banging around in my pocket all day with my keys for the last 9 months and despite some scratches, is holding up pretty well.- It's slow.  Sometimes really, really slow, especially when sending a text.  Texting can be glitchy sometimes, too...out of the blue throwing a capital letter in the middle of a word, skipping letters, etc.- Software is finicky.  Every once in a while it will be unable to pick up any signal, anywhere.  Turning it off and back on remedies this and I've started doing this restart once a week as routine maintenance to avoid the occasional loss of service.- Sucks for texting...if you text a lot, look elsewhere for a phone with a keyboard.If I was starting from scratch, I'd do more research on Net10 phones in this price range first, but despite some issues, the phone works good enough that I'll stick with it til it bites the dust.

Really good to keep in touch with others. Very easy to use and not so hard. I like it how it just looks.

works great just what i need not a smart phone but enough for me. good pic quality. easy calling plan from net 10

is really great. it does everything, including browsing the web, is bluetooth capable, and i got a whole year of service for switching to this phone, which is great because i have over 2,000 minutes stored up. this is a great buy and $10. cheaper than going through net10.com

Wanted to update from a previous Net10 Motorola phone to this one as it had a better camera and I was hoping would acquire a signal faster than the previous phone.The main problem I have with this phone is it just won't dial or answer calls reliably. With full bars, it will not dial the number...It will act like it's dialing and just display the number and name and nothing happens...repeatedly. When the phone rings (full bars again), I do not hear the person on the other end when answered.. I can't believe that Motorola made such an unreliable phone.Texting is slow and annoying on this model. Press a letter button and you then you have to scroll to the letter you want and then select it. It requires changing keys 3 times for each letter you enter.. Good in theory but much slower in practice. Previous method of just pushing the button again to change the letter was much faster and standard on most cell phones.I won't go into how cheap the plastic is on this one.. The camera was better but I'm primarily in need of a phone now. I believe Motorola should be ashamed of having their name on this one. The bluetooth headset that came with it is worthless.I'm chucking the phone but keeping the battery.

net 10 are great phones and great service.especially if you don't want to pay for high price service that ties you up for a year or 2!!

Don't do texts or any of that. All that I require is a way for peopleto contact me, and that's good enough.  There have been some complaints that itis difficult to understand me, and I've had difficulty in understanding others, but overall,it works out.

I'v had it close to a month now and I am very pleased with it. If you pay attention and read the manual you can figure out how to us it. Texting is as easy as any other phone I have used and the browser fires up at a decent speed. Buying the 50 buck unlimited plan is the way to go if you want to make a ton of calls, use texting or play on the web otherwise just buy a pay as you go card for the minutes you want. They roll over as does the service days unless you go with the monthly plans. The only drawback is if you are expecting normal digital quality pictures. It's 1.3 mega pixels for crying out loud lol.You do need a micro memory card and a USB cable to use the MP3 feature though.

I wanted this phone because my boyfriend has one!  I've used a few times and we needed a second phone,because my old cell phone got broke! The reception is always excellent & I love being able to upload minutes online.  And the minutes are cheaper than the phone I was using!

I don't have high expectations for a phone that costs $15 (on sale at Meijer). I was just looking for something cheap that would make calls and send the occasional text message. I don't care about email, Facebook, or GPS mapping -- I just want a phone.Well, long story short, even with such low expectations I was still disappointed. The phone itself is ultra-lightweight, and not in a good way, more a "Wow, how did they make a cellphone without using any metal?" way. The website is slick to look at, but proceeded to do something I've never seen done before that made my jaw drop: when I created my account, it sent my password and security question as parameters *in the URL*, meaning anybody watching the network traffic could see exactly what my password and security phrase were. Not a good sign.After this experience, my wife got cold feet about the whole thing and called their help line to cancel the transfer of her old cell phone number before it was too late. After the obligatory phone menu, she got a recording saying that all their operators were busy. This was a Saturday night at 6 pm -- hard to imagine the phones are ringing off the hook at that exact moment. After fifteen minutes, she got a human (and a native English speaker to boot!), who told her he was going to transfer her to their technical support department. After he made the transfer, she got a recording saying the number had been disconnected. Goodbye.One of the things I want from a cell phone, perhaps the most important thing, is reliability. I don't need the bells and whistles, but I don't want to be in an emergency wishing I had forked over the requisite cash to get a phone and service that actually worked. I can easily imagine that happening with Net10, which is why tomorrow I will be returning the phone to Meijer and getting a real cell phone.

This is the Worst Phone I could have gotten. I desperatelyNeeded a quick cellphone to get by, so I just kept it.EVERYTIME I want to just OPEN IT as I hold it and flick my thumbTo Open It, the Back Slips off, and it was snapped on Hopefully to stay.The Flat Buttons on it I have to Constantly Repeat to REGISTER MYNUMBERS I'm Calling. Thought I could just Open It to Use the Camera,But NO. You have to go to Menu and Get to CAMERA Than Use It. IfI Wanted to Take a Quick Picture, there's No Way to get a Quick Response.Will Definitely be Looking for Another Phone.

This is the worst phone I've ever owned.  I don't know what's more shocking, the quality of the phone, or the fact that Motorola put their name on it and sells it.  I have nothing good to say about it. If you're looking for a phone in this price range check out the LG320G.  It is much more reliable and has a much better user interface.  This motorola phone does have bluetooth and a camera, but with a phone as crappy as this those features are pretty pointless...1) It has horrible input lag.  Press a button and it takes nearly half a second or more to respond.2) It is poorly made.  The battery cover and battery fall off with just a small drop.3) The user interface is utterly ridiculous.  Useful things like alarm clock, calendar, camera and calculator are buried as much as 4 menus deep.  This is doubly frustrating because of the horrendous input lag.4) It has horrible reception.  I've had quite a few phones in this price range, but this is the only one I usually have to go outside to use.5) If you try to send text message but close the phone before the *second* pop up alert appears telling you it has been "sent," (yes, it pops up twice), the text message does not get sent, and the only indication of this is the number of message in your outbox increases by 1.  You have to go and manually send it again.  This has caused me drama on multiple occasions.6) Sometimes the phone loses signal and won't get it back until it is turned off and on again.  The input lag can make this incredibly challenging if you're in a hurry. You have to press the power button for an extended period of time to turn the phone on or of.  It is easy to inadvertently set it to turn off before you receive any indication that it is turning on.  Sadly I literally spent a half hour in this cycle trying frantically to get in touch with my girlfriend who was waiting for me.7)  Even when the display shows a strong signal, calls frequently fail to connect.

Bought this to replace identical phone that lost its photo capability due to scratched lens cover. Works just as well as the first one and I don't think Google/NSA can track this one.....or can it?

I gave this phone to my mother, as an early mother's day gift, as she messed up her old phone, by dropping it one too many times lol! This phone does have it's pluses and cons howeverTHE PLUSEScheap $30makes decent callsplays Mp3 files well enough(just make sure there tagged correct, and album covers don't matter, as they won't show up)Net10 has cheap $15 monthly planshas decent battery lifecomes preloaded with Tetrishas FM radio feature, as long as you have a headsetBluetoothuses Micro B USB for charging, and will work as a mass storage drive, to transfer mp3, pics, video, with the driver from Motorola's website in WinXP - Win7 32bit and 64bit(just make sure the battery is charged first, don't know why, but it won't work on low battery)THE CONSsmall screenkeys could be betteronly accepts upwards of 2GB microSD cards(I've tried a couple of 4GB cards no luck)2.5mm jack not 3.5mm jack (not a big con as i did find a decent 2.5mm stereo headset(check my other reviews) )still/video camera is not truly 1.3MP, more like VGA stills, and QVGA video, but the mic does pick up really well, sometimes too well lol!web browser is kind of crappy, but gets the basic job doneSo in conclusion this is not a phone for a heavy txt person, or someone who consumes tons of data, but someone who only uses a phone for quick calls, catching a pic/video, when you forget your normal camera, and for killing time at the Dr. office, or long car ride with the built in MP3 player/FM radio, and the included game of Tetris, so if you need more of a phone from Net10, I can truly suggest the LG900g(GW300 in Europe, or when looking for accessories), as it's my personal phone at the time of this review. Also this would make a nice mother's day gift, for the mother who does not need a phone, with all the bells and whistles, but something that's not truly lowend either. So for an Amazon rating I will give it 4 stars, considering what category this phone falls under lol!

Great phone, basic but does what you need good reception and easy to use, I am loving this phone and have no worries about it dying too soon

I had been a Sprint customer since the early days of cell phones. While being in touch by cell phone is essential for me, I seldom use more than about 80 minutes in a month. Internet and e-mail away from home are low priorities in my particular situation. I keep a landline, so as to restrict my cell number to essential callers.The last time when I needed a new Sprint phone, I was short on upgrade credit. I got soaked $180 for a bare-bones phone that could be activated without a pricey data plan. In October 2011, I got a letter from Sprint, saying they were abolishing upgrade credit altogether. My accrued upgrade credit would disappear unless I used it to buy a new phone before the end of 2011.Thus was I stimulated to reach out and see what my options are these days. Net10 and this phone are serving me well. I had no trouble transferring my number to this phone. Thankfully, I have had no experience with Net10 customer service. The night before the last day of Sprint's billing cycle, I set up my account. In the morning, my new phone was working fine with the old number. With the new phone came a few minutes of airtime with more than 400 service days. $30 bought me 300 minutes good for 14 months--not just 60 days. This makes for terms far more generous than those advertised. It appears that for the first 14 months with this phone, the overall cost--phone, accessories and airtime--will be under $10 per month. I had been paying Sprint >$35 per month for less functionality.With Sprint, I was deterred from using the browser, since ala carte data was so expensive and I did not have enough use for it to justify having a data plan month in and month out. Now, I can do Internet ala carte at appropriate rates. I was deterred from using a camera while with Sprint. Rather than pay the photo upload surcharge, I just used my dedicated camera. For the new phone, I got a USB cable and a micro SD card for about $4 each on Ebay. For the first time, I can upload phone pix or video to my computer without going through the cell phone company! Now I can have the cell phone camera at the ready.This phone is perfectly adequate in its class. The booklet that came with it is a quick start guide, not a manual. There are essential things that you will find out only from the user manual available on Motorola's web site. `Nothing wrong with that.10/8/2012 update: I have had a reception issue when at home. I thought the phone was at fault, so I got another of the same model. That did not correct the reception issue--but it did give me a better deal on a lot of extra minutes and service days than simply buying them &agrave; la carte. The reception issue seems to be with the AT&T; network used in my neighborhood.

Have had lots of net 10 phones over the years, but this one is junk the receiver is very week and the case is a pain to open. Replaced it with an LG 800 it is a great phone. None of the problems this phone had. Works all over my home, the W408 never did. Battery life is also great. You do not want the Motorola even if it was free!!!!

I called the amazon "expert".Does the phone have apps?Do you know the OS the phone runs?Do you know anything about the phone?Answer: We know what is written on the web site. We are not trained on these phones.If you want to know about the phone, call the manufacturer.What a waste of time, why does amazon even bother?- D

The phone met all my expectations.  It is a perfect phone for what I wanted.  It is small, and fits in the carrying case, is easy to handle, and has all the features I wanted

This phone was delivered on time and new as promised.  This is my 2nd W408G phone.  It was cheaper to buy a whole new phone than just purchase a new battery.  I may have a charging problem with my old phone, so if I do, I'll have a new back up ready to put into service.  I've had excellent service and reception with model and highly recommend it if you do not next much or need a smart phone. Just a great common cell mobile phone.  Great service from the seller, on time and as as described.  Roger

Purchased for someone else, so not sure I can give other than I liked the look.  If I get more information later, will add to this review.

I have the red 408G.  I have it through Net10.  The service I have is 15 a month (that comes out to 16.66 after taxes) for 200 minutes talk/web or 400 text.  My phone uses the ATT network.My phone is decent.  I use it to talk for about 150 minutes and 100 texts a month.  The text is ok.  the keyboard lags and does get a little frustrating.  However it shows the first 4-5 characters of a text before you have to pay so if your friends text really short messages they are free.  The bad thing about texting is that the phone charges you for the text then tries to send it.  If it doesn't send, you still get charged.  If you close your phone while it is sending, it will not send.  That means that you have to wait a few seconds after you text for it to go through and you can close your phone.  Close early, and you get charged but no text sent.I think the battery life is ok.  When I first got it it would last 2 days max, for some reason now it will go 5 days between charging.  I usually just charge Mondays and Fridays.My receptions is good on the ATT network.  When I first got the phone reception was terrible and for some reason now it is good, weird.The reason I got this phone is because my previous phone was butt dialing all the time.  That is the best feature of this phone!  It will not dial unless you want it to.The worst features of this phone is:  The headphone jack is 2.5mm so no headphones fit.  The Largest Micro SD card you can fit in it is 2gb.  Of course I have a 4 gig so it is worthless with this phone.  In my opinion that is just dumb.Overall I like the phone and will get a new one when this dies after keeping it for probably 1 1/2 yrs.  The SUDUKO game on the phone is great too.I think the best feature of prepaid cellular is that you own the phone and can upgrade/replace anytime you want.  That is why I left Sprint, I just didn't want to be stuck with a phone for 2 years that I didn't really like or was not worth locking in for two more years of service.

drops 25% of calls and the volume is turned up to "7" the highest number and still can barely hear someone talking or the dialtone.this is a crapola phone

Easy to use. Had tetris on it. Seemed to hold its charge as specified. The control for volume were on the inside and not on the ourside where they could be turned down accidentily.

This is an easy phone use it because i dont need all that tech stuff that kids want. This has a long lasting battery. Im an older person who needed a phone that flipped closed. the one before was accidentally turning on because it was an open faced type so i bought this one and love it. It is a motorola and i have used their products for yrs! Im with net 10 and i get better reception than others on the bigger companies. At my house on a mountain i was able to receive anywheres in my house but my relatives had trouble with their big wig company phones and service provider....and had to walk around to get a good signal. That speaks volumes when they had to ask to use my phone to call back the person they were talking too!!!

Great phone for the money! Can't think of anything bad to say about it! Amazon is great too! Both make a great team!

I owned one of these phones before until I dropped  it one to many times and broke it  to pieces

This is by far the absolute worst cell phone I have ever used! Texting is so ridiculously slow and fumbling that it's not even worth bothering. Even after changing settings away from T9 it's still a trial to use. The keys always miss a letter or go to the next letter. Beyond frustrating. Text messages also do not show a number or who they are from in your inbox... so you have to open each message and scroll to the end to see who it is. The actually quality of the phone material is as cheap as they come. Drop this even from a short distance and I'm sure it would shatter all over the place. The browser is just as much of a joke as the texting interface.This phone is nothing but a disappointment and I would not recommend it to anyone. Stay away from of it and avoid yourself a lot of frustration. I cannot believe anyone would rate this piece of junk more than 1 star... seriously.
