
Is very basic on the functionality, kind of discrete tool on meetings or class to read your phone info, sms, facebook and calls. Is interesting the use that remote click to camera jejeje... the only dissapoint is that not exist many apps to this product.

The device itself was interesting. Tons of connection issues until the Liveview app was patched. The battery only lasts me a few hours, and the clips on the strap broke after a while..

Not even going to waste my time retrieving it from the garbage. Had it delivered about an hour ago, plugged it in to charge and hey, it came on! Cool! Paired it to my phone okay, installed the apps for it and it all appeared to be working. Even bought a 3rd party manager to keep the re-pairing nonsense to a minimum. Next, to put the watch band together.....  Nope. One of the pins is bad as the spring inside doesn't "spring" at all, so that's a no-go. Ok, I'll deal with that later. Let it charge for an hour, unplug it, check to make sure it's still connected (it is), clip it to my lanyard and walk outside with my phone in my pocket. About 3 minutes later I get asked "what time is it?" So I reach down, hit the button, and.......  nothing. No light, no display. No nothing. Bring it back in, plug it into the charger again, still nothing. (The charger, by the way, is a euro style with a funky US adapter) so I try the described reset procedure, nothing. Everything else I can think of, nothing. Finally I figure it out. It needs to be where all crappy electronics need to be, file 13! So that's where it is, and that's where it will stay. I guess I should be thankful for the 6-8 seconds of real use I got out of it, but somehow I'm just not.I'd like to note, that none of this was the fault of the seller unless you count the euro power adapter. The seller did everything they were tasked with doing to get the unit out the door.

I like this sony ericsson , it's easy use, i don't like turn off an disconnect...  i like recomend all

This is a great tool for quickly and discretely (for meetings at work) determining who just called/texted you.  I have not tried the LiveView for Facebook or Calendar yet, but it absolutely works as described for phone calls and text messages.  I downloaded the firmware update from the Sony Ericsson website (see link below) before connecting it to my phone (Samsung Droid Charge) via the LiveView app available from the Android market.The LiveView is very light and I'm wearing it as a watch with the included band.  One note about the band is that you may miss the tiny little pins that come in the box.  Since there are no directions in the manual about assembling the watch band, I'll give you a hint.  Snap the LiveView into the included watch backing which includes tiny holes for the pins.  You then have to carefully and patiently attach the backing to the wrist band by threading the pins through the loops on each side of the backing and fit the pins into the backing holes.  It's not unlike most pin based watches but it can take some time and dexterity.When you receive a call or text you (as programmed via the app on your Android phone) will get a short half second vibration along with a color coded LED notification on the top right of the LiveView.  The device is very well made and very classy, including the understated band.The battery life seems very good which is important since you have to remove the LiveView from the watch band to charge it via the included USB cable.The LiveView sold by Amazon.com is for the US market and includes a US style charging adapter.In summary, if you want to make your Apple Iphone friends jealous (LiveView only works with Android now) this is the way to do it.Update on 7-23-2011I a returning the LiveView to Amazon because the device constantly drops its connection to the phone and does not automatically reconnect.  This occurs even when the phone is within 3 feet of the LiveView.  This is an unfinished product that should not have been released as is.

The concept is awesome, the function, well, not so amazing...battery life is extremely short, connection is always lost and you gotta fiddle with it to reconnect.  Improvements in the connectability, battery life and athe ddition of a true touch screen would make this product awesome.  It is a little bulky, but if it performed better I'd be ok with the size, overall, I guess I'm pretty dissapointed.  Used this regularly for a couple weeks, now it just sits around collecting dust.

I absolutely love my Sony Ericsson LiveView it's easy to use and more convenient than having to take out my tablet or phone to see what message I received. This is a wonderful by

Kinda Confusing to setup you have to download more then 1 app. But its awesome you can even see and use your camera fr the watch and take the pic remotely. Only thing i do not like is that you have to push the right button to to view the time instead of just looking at it like  regular watch

It's a good device but it runs into connection problems. Make sure you get the updates for the device through SONY because they definitely help out with the connection to your phone. Overall though, for the price, its worth it. Oh and don't forget, get a new wristband for it because the original one in the package is just a stupid velcro one.

el reloj es muy bonito, aunque pierde la conexi&oacute;n muy seguido al telefono sony xperia play,en software le falta por avanzar

this thing never worked for me  out the box sent the item back good idea bad execution don't waste you time

This is a great product and very useful in meetings or just when you're on the go. I really enjoyed this product.

I HATE THIS CAUSE this came messed up. Wont let me syncronize and when it finally does it disconnects. Also when it is finally connect it swipes the opposite way. I AM SOOO UPSET. I LOVE sony but this product needs to be replaced or honesty belongs in garbage...I HATE THIS AND THIS ONE AINT WORTH THE MONEY and its sad because this is A "SONY"PRODUCT and All i buy is sony equipements..PLEASE RESOLVE THIS

Sony should have made an android watch instead of slapping a crappy wrist strap on a tiny screen with Bluetooth.You have to remove the screen from the strap to get to the USB port for charging.  It would have been better on the left or right.The strap is Snag-less Velcro.  You can easily break the pins that hold the plastic frame to the strap when removing the screen to charge it.  I would never have to remove the screen or risk breaking it if I could charge it without removing it. (which it requires 2x daily)

THIS WATCH SEEMS VERY ATTRACTIVE AT THE FIRST, AS ITS SONY, BUT LATER ONE HATES IT, AS YOU HAVE TO CHARGE IT EVERY FEW HOURS, AND SOME CONTROLS IN THE WATCH IS JUST NOT WORKING AS EVEN IF I DELETE SOME MESSAGES, I STILL SEE THEM IN THE WATCH ! ITS A DECENT PRODUCT BUT IT DOESN'T FIT MY STANDARD OF A GADGET !

The LiveView is a great gadget to have, especially in meetings. Read text messages, see who's calling you, all without having to dig out your phone every two minutes. Customize it with all kinds of apps, too.

Wi-fi connectivity issues and applications don't work properly using android phone. I regret purchasing and shouldn't have disregarded reviews, well they were right.

doesnt work when your trying to touch the screen it does not move it does not show you anything maybe i got a defective one

I really like the idea behind this watch, and it was a really cool gadget to have on my arm.... for exactly one day, until I washed my hands and must have gotten it too wet.I let it dry out for a day before plugging it back in, and it turned on, but wouldn't charge.I was very pleased with the seller though, refunded my money with no issues.

First of all, I did read reviews and I figured I would give it a shot anyway. My hope was dashed about two hours after activating the product. Initially it worked fine, but then it just stopped pairing at all. I realize this is a sony product, but this seller should reword their description stating that it ONLY works for sony phones. Oh well, live and learn.

The liveview does what it says it will do. I've tried across a couple different phones and the connection is always solid but, the plug-ins are touch-and-go. Worth $20-30, certainly not anything close to $100. Read some reviews online and you'll know exactly what you're getting yourself into.

The good part of this is it was a cool concept but it was made to much on a budget. Like the other posts it constantly looses connection with the phone. I tried different fixes but nothing seemed to work. When it was connected to my phone the watch worked well and it had some nice features to it but not everything worked. Facebook did not work at all and there was some plugins but most of them are crap or useless. Unlike most of our phones this has a plastic cover over the screen which scratches very easily. After using it for just a few weeks there was multiple deep scratches on the face. This product is a cool idea but needs some improvement. If you are really wanting a smart watch, look into either the newer version of this one that has a full touch screen called the sony smart watch or look into the pebble watch. Both are $100+ but they look to be better built and I hope to be able to get one myself in the near future.

This is an old product which doesnt work as desired. The battery doesnt even last the whole day. I dont like it

is very useful and practical high performance when reading and receiving messages, facebook, twitter..and see calls etc etc etc etc

I thought for 20$ I'd give it a try and basically, I threw 20$ in the trash. This thing doesn't do anything well. It should be recalled by Sony given the vast majority of negative reviews. Add me to the long list of dissatisfied customers. No complaints about the merchant- the item was new in it's package and shipped promptly.

I tried using this with the Sony Live View app from the play store and it was awful. I now use Openliveview instead and it works much better. It is still a buggy, unreliable gimmick, but all I use it for is caller id while my cell phone is in another room.

I usually find Sony's products good, but this watch is sub-par at best. Here is the Good, Bad and the Ugly List. Hopefully, their product managers are listening, and will improve the product in the future.Good:- Cool concept. Wish it worked as advertised.Bad:- Sync with Phone is erratic.- Does not give any error message to fix the sync problems. Pretty dumb.- No Email Sync/Notification.- Ugly/Cheap looking strap. Although it has standard watch hardware, so you might be able to attach a better looking strap.- Setting up sync up with a phone is not straightforward. Although instructions are helpful, so eventually you will get it.- Costly, esp because it does not work for most of the times.Ugly:- Freezes once in a while, randomly, and then comes back.- Awful battery life. Does not even last a day.- Shuts off once in a while.

is one of the items is very good, no problems with the item, it was a good buy, I really liked.

excellent functionality, very discreet and elegant to use it on your wrist, easy and intuitive to use, the trouble is that when there is a lot of sun barely see the screen but still does the job, to buy recommend also buying a protector for the display as it tends to scratch very easily, is loaded and before long your battery lasts reasonably, is an excellent product at an incredible price.

This accessory not recommend buying it as it requires to be synchronized with an Android phone. Its battery lasts little bluethoot continuous use.

I've now tried to use this piece of junk now with several android phones, it's not worked well with any of them, no matter the version of android they had.  I hope Sony/Ericson rots in H. E. double hockey sticks over this piece of junk they sold to many people.

this is like for a child. to read the text in class. but for an adult this has no real use.

It works okay when connected, support is limited, apps is limited but decent.  DOES NOT KEEP TIME AT ALL IF NOT PAIRED TO A PHONE.  Facebook and Twitter support has been pulled.  This is by all accounts, just an extra screen.  a smaller one.  Still, it works and amuses some.

I bought my LiveView and at the beginning it just disconnect a lot from my phone... I found an application call &#34;LiveView Charm&#34; that really increase the stability between the phone and the watch... Overall the watch works pretty fine, I can respond messages I can see who's calling me, and can manage my music, everything with simple touch... Good when you go to the discotec and you dont feel your phone in your pocket vibrating or sounding, the watch vibrates and has a notification LED; everytime you receive an email or a lost call the lights or the vibration advice you.... This watch its pretty nice...

very usefull device is working great with my phone and i enjoyed too much using it, is very easy to use

For just over $20 bucks, it has been great. There's a quite a bit you can do with it with the right apps from the play store. The band/velcro strap leaves a little to be desired, but again as expected. The main issue with this item is staying connected. If you wear it and keep your phone near by, there won't be much of an issue. However, I noticed the connection and range is stronger when I have my phone jacked into a stereo/audio receiver. Perhaps it acts as an antenna? Either way, it works.

connected with my phone great and works really good lets me know when i have a text and lets me change my music!!! Love it!!!

What do I like?: It works well, when connected, and does the job. I can wirelessly read text messages on my watch and check Facebook. Rather neat if you ask me!What do I dislike?: The constant disconnects. Upgrading to the latest firmware on a PC from the Sony Website does the trick!Advice to future purchasers: This is a go! Make sure that you do update to the latest firmware to avoid aggravation...Strangely, my watch only came with 1 watch pin instead of two. I headed over to my local jewelers to purchase one. Problem solved. This watch works with any  20mm strap.

Seriously is there a way i can rate this as 0 stars?Where do we begin?We filed a case for this product back in November 2012. We are only now getting a replacement.And they have sent us a sony smartwatch instead. Fine but not what we ordered. Now we have to replace this with a used unit from somewhere different.I've never had a worse experience in my life speaking with customer support than what we did with sony.The department that handles these is completely out of control.

Excelent but facebook plugin and twitter dont work with another android phone example LG P500 and Galaxy S II only with sony ericsson xperia.

this device have some nice posibilities, but not out of the box, you have to search to get plugins that work, but there are some that works nice.  Mine is fine working with SII i9100 with Cyanogen 10.1 and no prob, there is one plugin that help to keep BT working, using for 24 hours and no drop conection. the band dind't like much, also don't like to detach for charging, the base of the clock is plastic, so in time think will have problems and read about that en the web.in general i like the liveview and more like the price, but need software improvement.

estafador, nunca me llego el producto, y nadien pudo reintegrarme ni el dinero ni me mandaron otro producto, simplemente un ladron

While you can't beat what you get for what you pay for, I can't help but notice the poor quality the build.  The watchface unlike other watches (made of quartz) is made of a cheap plastic (not durable at all!).  After only a month of use, the watch has deep scratches on the face.  Note the watch did not come into severe contact with anything nor did it suffer from a fall.  From all I can tell is the watch was damaged from everyday wear and tear.  Not the best build quality, but I can't complain much for the price, the easy of use, and the compatibility with my phone!

I use this for dirt bike riding i leave my phone in my back pack and this handy unit tells me what time it is and texts or phone calls are shown on it the gps app is garbage though

this watch was great at first it worked like a charm and i was able to control my android device completely from this smartwatch... the watched crapped out only a month after i had bought it and there is no way to repair it. one star

I've bought a lot of random, useless things on Amazon. But none as worthless as this. After a few hours of trying to get it to do something...anything...I gave up. I ignored the bad reviews because it was $20. I see it listed for like $80 now. I guess that makes it 4 times as worthless.

Do not be suckered into buying this... most android devices is key i have 3 and 2 are rooted work on only one and not very well at all.... got my 20 bux worth

This product has great features which works really well; qualifies and satisfies all the basic functions of a smart phone

I feel like I just wasted money on this. As a watch it looks terrible, even if you put a new band on it like i did, and as a clip-on it is as useful as a pager, and we all know what happened to the pagers.

This is an older model anyway, so hopefully no one else will end up wasting their money on it.  But there's not much I can recommend about it.Physically it's poorly designed in that you need to remove it from the VERY tightly holding clip whenever you want to charge it.  It at least uses a standard micro USB port, but I'm sure that clip will break soon from repeated inserts and removals.Software-wise, it isn't intuitive, and very little information is displayed at one time on the devices.  Loading apps is easy enough, but accessing them is a pain in the rear.  And then getting back out is a pain in the rear.Really the idea of a smartwatch is to be able to get basic info (emails, texts, weather, etc) and perform basic functions (answer/reject calls, manipulate music, etc) without having to pull your phone out of your pocket.  But the process using the 'LiveView' is so cumbersome that it's easily to pull out your phone.  This makes this pretty useless as a smartwatch.

There is a reason this sells for 80% less than its original list price. Don't be fooled into thinking this device will improve your life in anyway. After 3 days of trying to make the Liveview usable I have just about giving up. First off you have to search the Sony website for a long time before you can locate the update service software. Once you do it takes an inordinate amount of time to install. So you allow it update which it needs, and hope for the best. Well it doesn't seem to make much of a difference. First off it's not very easy to tap the edges of the screen with a finger that is of normal size for adult. Secondly, it is slow to respond when you so you often times end up bypassing the icon you hoped to use. Thirdly, it times out no matter what function is being used in less than 20 seconds.Fourthly, and this is the big one. Once you do manage to get a Bluetooth pairing (good luck) it will not retain the connection for any real length of time. I was lucky if I could maintain Bluetooth connection for about 5 minutes at a time. So I look for answers on the Sony website and not much there to help. So I read thru the comments on the two apps on the Google play store which you need in hopes of finding some tips. And again to my dismay not much help there. Then I stubble upon a developers web site with a Google search that points me to a 3rd Party application and for those who may want to try it it's called "Liveview Charm". This helped things a bit and the first time I was able to maintain connection for about 4 hours. Then it lost connection, and after trying to pair it for the next 15 minutes without success I gave up and wrote this review. The 3rd part application did a commendable job trying to salvage this device but 4 hours is only long enough to further frustrate you. It's almost like enough to say hey maybe I will like this thing but as they say the Liveview device pulls the rug from underneath you.So what I'm saying is, discounted or not it's probably not worth the aggravation and you know that junk draw in your house with old cell phones, iPod Nano's and defunct watches your grandmother might have given you, well yes that where this will probably end up in short time.

This product works very well. It loses connects with the phone from time to time, but I am positive that is Android and not the liveview.  The reason I purchased this is so I would not miss business calls anymore. It works I don't miss my call any longer because of the liveView. When you learn how to work it, The touch screen is sensitive only on the edges, once you learn that you'll have less issues. One flaw is the screen scratches very easily. I don't believe a tech person would have an issue with the operation of this product. Just a person that frequently requires the help of a tech person. Put a better screen on this and it's the deal of the decade. The battery life is better that the battery life of my phone.

It has issues many have noted - not always easy to keep it communicating, hard to recharge. But it does alert you to text messages etc.Main negative was that the sportypal plugin requires a sportypal subscription to work, it doesn't work with the free version of the sportypal app. The subscription is way too expensive for what it is.

I knew what I was getting myself into. Worst case scenario I had a $20 led watch. I installed OpenLiveView and that helped with connection drops (can't install extensions, but I wanted it for music control so that's ok). It's still dropping connection but I can make it resync in about 10-30 seconds without touching the cell phone.Every review cons is pretty much accurate:Cons:- Connection is not reliable. (making the device unusable to a regular not curious or experienced user)- Once you put the watch plastic back, you woudn't be able to pull it out without risking breaking it.- The watch wrist band blocks the usb port, HUGE design flaw. you need to pull it apart everytime you have to charge it.- Without syncing, this device is pretty much just a watch. And even then, you need to sync at least once to setup the time, there is no menu or independent setup.- Small nitpicks: the surface is curved, so I couldn't use any screen protector, and the touch buttons are on the side so sometimes you activate them by mistake.PROS:- Once it syncs at least once, the time stays in the device even after disconnected. This would be a sort of &#34;watch mode&#34;.- Battery can lasts days with the unconnected &#34;watch mode&#34; i mentioned above.- Battery lasted me 4-5 hours paired to the device. Up to the user to decide whether or not that's enough.- Vibration is good enough to call your attention. In that sense it does a better job that my cell vibrating in my pocket.- I like the way it looks. It's somewhat bulky but the led is bright and clear.I would recommend it only because of the price. I would say: buy it if you can spare the $20 for something you know might not work and eventually become a (somewhat bulky) led watch.(FYI, when installing OpenLiveView, if the device connects and immediately drops, you might want to try unpairing the devices via the bluetooth menu, then, just to be safe, restart both devices. Worked for me)

Great idea, but pitiful execution. Does not maintain a connection for more than 10 minutes, then takes 10 minutes of fiddling with the watch and phone to re-establish. Pathetic. One star rating only because I'm unable to give it zero.

does this have the sony symbol in front of the device i have not got mine yet i just want to be sure i will be buying the right thing

After I updated the firmware and did some hunting around I found a lot of useful apps that make this remote a treasure for the price. I have since impressed two co-workers into buying their own. We all agreed that unfortunate placement of the usb port when using the strap is a downcheck but as least one of us has themselves modified the strap to expose the port so they don't have to take it apart to charge it. I have personally found a good practiced technique for popping off the unit for charging.

So I guess it's clear that the greatest minds at Sony Ericsson were preoccupied with something else; this feels like a project put together by some summer interns. It's actually really awesome when it does work, but it often stops working and requires a bevy of resets to get things going again. I bought this to control Google Music on my EVO 4G. I have bluetooth in my car as well and jacking around with my phone to control my music was pretty dangerous.The good news: It works for this purpose. The bad news: Not for very long. I usually start my 30-minute commute with things working, but by the end of it, I'm back to jacking around with my phone since the LiveView has disconnected itself and refuses to work. I guess what's most frustrating to me is that after it disconnects, it doesn't seem to try very hard to reconnect.Honestly, this device really does itself a disservice. Lots of people have asked me what kind of watch I'm wearing and when I tell them, they want to see it in action. This is the critical point when an accessory can really sell itself, but 9 times out of 10 it doesn't work and they say "oh..." and walk away. IF IT WORKED CONSISTENTLY I would love this thing!!! As it is, it fails at the main thing I bought it for, which is to keep me from having to look at my phone for things since you can't trust that this thing is ever working at all.There was apparently a firmware update last year that addresses some issues. I have no way of knowing whether mine had this update pre-applied or not since the updater fails to find my device in DFU mode. Navigating the Sony Ericsson website for what you need is an exercise in frustration; it's as if they went out of their way to make finding information about how to fix a LiveView as difficult as possible.I don't know that I'd purchase an improved version of this. I think it's such a colossal failure that I've lost a bit of faith in this brand.

ITS OKAY BUT THE CONNECTION IS NOT GOOD I HAVE TO BE PAIRING MY PHONE WITH THIS EVERY 1HR THE BATTERY IS GOOD AND WELL THATS ALL I HAVE TO SAY

It came only with European charger, NO CHARGER FOR U.S. and it doesn't work without charger, it has a problem with the battery and I don't live in the US, so now I'll have to return it with a cost of shipping for me.  I hate this situation.

It is a good looking product... the only thing I do not like is the software... i mean it goes offline by itselfe... it has nothing to do with the seller but with Sony... they'd improve it

It is an ok toy. However if you walk out of bluetooth range you lose connection and have to try and reconnect. Its more of a klugey than anything.

This product so far works like i should. It is a bit low on the touchscreen, but overall for the price this was a good buy. It is a Christmas gift so I have only tried it twice to make sure it works and I had no problems from it.

I got this as soon as it came back in stock for 22.99. I haven't seen the connection issues that plagued early adopters as much but I did see another problem, that i assume will plague every other one bought new:The battery. I have had this battery charged to maximum (green LED) and have it die within 15 seconds, and I am NOT exagerating, although I wish I was. It would seem used is better for once, pass on this one, its not worth your time. On the bright side, if its plugged in it works fine. i suppose it would make a nice remote for your phone when its plugged in to your speakers.

So far I have been loving it. between being able to read my RSS feeds and Twitter messages with out having to take my phone out of my pocket to drain its battery. that right there is worth the price tag.but when you get to the plug ins that there are, you are going to be blown away. I got mine before i knew there was a ViewFinder App, for the LiveView to show you what your phone camera is seeing and being able to take a snap shot remotely is super sweet. (had to do it with voice before for taking shots of my wife and I with out holding the phone, now i just tap my wrist)My buddy just got the new Smart Watch and paired it up with his HTC EVO and it is working, but he says he should have just got this one, does all that the new one does for 1/3 the price.

Although I only spent a few minutes messing with the device itself, I decided to pop the watch strap adapter on the back to see how it worked. After putting the adapter on, I couldn't remove it for the life of me. I even tried prying it off with a knife and it still wouldn't give. I googled this issue and it sounds like a lot of people have this problem.What an incredibly poorly designed device. The engineer who created this should be ashamed.

LiveView works just as described with Xperia Play.In many cases, switching from functions requires the use of the top right button, not a touch screen swipe, which is what has become habititual after using a smart phone for any length of time.It connects just fine with my Xperia Play, stays connected, controls my music player, and buzzes for new notifications.  I use it at work all day long, and it stays charged until I get home at night.  It even works with Sony Xperia Bluetooth Headphones and a Creative Bluetooth Speaker with no conflict.One negative with my experience is that the seller didn't send a U.S. USB charger... sent a charger with a U.S. adapter which doesn't fit snuggly and is pretty useless to me.  However, the LiveView uses the same charger as the rest of the Sony Ericsson Xperia products, so I already have several other chargers around.

As i expected. Good product. You can look for more app on youtube I have a very good experience with this!

I got it because it was cheapest option. The band is very cheap but feels nice. It can also be replaced.  The connection problems were fixed with updates.  I loved it when I had the gs3. Now I have the note3. For some reason it got 3 days life with s3, but only 2/4 hours on the note3. Got 2 days with the evo. I have it to gf because she had a s3. 2/4 days with her s3. The connection issues were real, but once you update the software it doesn't have the issue. Also any application you download will hugely reduce battery life.

Is a great product and great seller, the best smart watch and has a low price. Its Perfect for my HTC ONE

Even at the bargain basement blow-out price I got this smart-watch for, still not worth it. Bluetooth connectivity so bad as to make the product nothing more than an ugly wrist watch; also if the thing gets stuck trying to pair up to your phone the battery will drain very fast. Take your money and put it towards the second version of this device Sony MN2SW, even it has some issues, a more promising smart watch or try one of these, [...]Good luck out there.

I use this for a wide variety of things. A lot of folks complain about the battery life. It's not meant to have the screen illuminated all the time. It's more for checking what you need to see then then turning the screen off. I don't have any connectivity issues with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I don't miss calls or text messages anymore. This virbrates to let me know real time when something is coming in.

I bought it expecting it to just be a novelty watch I could change my music on. I cannot even do that. This watch does nothing good and a lot of things bad. Do t buy it if you can help it.

This watch was terrible. the apps for this watch could not work for either the watch or my Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I returned it and got my money back in full

I got this for an samsung S2 and it works very good. I can see my music and my calls without having the cellphone on my hand.

I bought this liveview thingy as an extension for my sgs2 android phone. In fact I bought two, one for my son and one for mine of course. First I was sold by the concept of this product that's letting you know what's happening in your phone before you even try to take a glance at it. This product is so cool. I know many reviews where bad but I proceeded anyway and bit the bullet.The only drawback is the syncing of your phone and the liveview when the two lost contact with each other e.g. when you go far several feet/meters from your phone/liveview or vice versa, when bluetooth communication of both device where cut off you have to press the liveview button or open the liveview app itself to sync again and that is taking both device within each others bluetooth signal range and that is cumbersome specially when I arrived home and just put my phone above the drawer and expecting to be notified from my liveview of updates from my phone. But once the connection is made it is pretty solid. Unlike the bluetooth headunit in my car that whenever I start, it automatically sync with my phone no buttons to push or any settings to be made, once they are paired and bluetooth is on and your good to go. This would however be cool if sony still have the interest in updating the firmware of this device to automatically re sync when the signal of both device is within range of each other.Be aware also that this device has a firmware update last year which somehow improves connection issues but that doesn't include the automatic syncing as what i have observed. With my sgs2 liveware manager causes undesired operation between my phone and the liveview and I just uninstalled it since it is not necessary. This is a great product and i hope sony will push a new firmware update for this device not just left it in the dust. i know they have a new smart watch but ohh!!!!! Sony come on don't leave us behind with this unfinished product.

This may work well with a Sony phone, but as a bluetooth device, it pretty much draws a vacuum. The best I can say about it is that it turns on SOMETIMES. Bad docs and hostile implementation.

This android device is awesome, yes there are a few bugs but the connection issue is not a big deal, it does drop the connection every once in a while, (not often since i updated it) but reconnection is simple and fast. this device has a lot of potential, if your a techie into android check it out it is cool.

I didn't have connection issues until sony did an update since then the watch will shut down as soon as it attempts to pair up to my phone or shortly after it is powered on. I would happily change the review if it works again after another software update. But till then go with something else.As for when it worked it worked great. I was able to receive and view texts without any issues same with Facebook and twitter notifications. but my main use for the smart watch was to ability to control my music player and that worked splendidly also to those who say if it doesn't pair to your phone it won't show time that's a lie it keeps the time so long as it is not powered down.

I bought my LiveView when it was featured on DailySteals.com on 07/31/2012 for $15.  I knew not to expect much, but I figured in worst case scenario, I'd just be out $15.  As it turns out, I'm out $15.I'm running an AOKP (an ICS build) on an AT&T; Samsung Galaxy S2.  Before pairing the LiveView with my phone for the first time, I installed Sony's "LiveView Manager" app (because it was recommended) and Sony's "LiveView Application" app (since I knew it would be necessary).Pairing my phone with my LiveView was like pairing with any other Bluetooth device; had no problem connecting on my first attempt.  After pairing, the "LiveView Manager" app immediately recommended that I install the "LiveView Application" (even though I had already installed it).  After bypassing that, I launched the necessary "LiveView Application" and started generating events on my phone.  I never lost my connection -- even the application saw the LiveView -- but none of the events were pushed to my phone, even after forcing a Notification Refresh within the "LiveView Application".  The one and only feature that did work was was the LiveView's "Find Phone" feature, which just remotely triggers a beacon on my phone.I also installed Sony's official LiveView Camera add-on and several third-party LiveView add-ons too, but the LiveView application "Manage plug-ins" feature reports that there are "No plug-ins installed".

I was looking for a way to remotely control my phone. I found this (Sony Ericsson LiveView) and it looked ok. The price was right so I gave it a shot. The Smart Watch by Sony also looked enticing. I got this a few days before my Birthday and imediatly charged it. That was the first design flaw i saw. The charging port is blocked when attached to the wrist strap. You have to take the LiveView out of the strap to charge it and it does not come out easily (which is both good and bad). The two button operation and the "touch screen" are very easy to navigate. It has a short timeout period which was nice to save the battery. The blue tooth connection would drop periodically, but I found a free app to help prevent that. The apps in the Market are pretty limited, but the few i found are nice and work well. The instructions for the unit are very limited too, I had to go online to find how to enable most of the "plug ins" as their called. Just quickly, install the LiveView app and then find the plug-ins you want. Open the LiveView app and go into setting and manage plug-ins. This is where you can enable the individual plug-ins. The plug-ins are kept on your phone and the LiveView get a list and can start and stop those plug-ins remotely. The GMail plug-in has a very small font, but works well. Over all I would say to give it a shot if your considering it, just don't expect a large selection of plug-ins and full control of your phone. Mine is paired to my Motorola Droid Bionic and works fine. One thing I do wish for is a Pandora plug-in (if any developers are reading this). One more issue I ran into was that I live in the USA and i got a European charger for it. Fortunately it is a micro-usb plug and I had other chargers I could use.

it's for someone really geeky. some features dont work nowadays like social plugins. other than that it's really a great accessory. hey, nice watch!

my reason to buy this remote display was, the hope I could use it to show when calls/text messages/calendar reminders happened while I was not at my desk, so I don't have to check the phone every time I return.unfortunately this thing is flashing its little indicator LED only while the phone is ringing. after that its off again. how stupid is that !?in addition the whole concept and response characteristic of the display is just bad.save your money !

item runs to slow and crahes oftendoes not work well with facebook or even outlook / hotmaili paid about $20.00 but not worth it at all.

Got this yesterday and played around with it a bit.  As described, this is a remote control for your Android cell phone. I am using it with a Google Nexus GSM and Liveview, Liveconnect and the plugins I tried all work well with it.The only big negative is that they supplied a European charger (this product was obviously intended to be sold in Europe). I charged it with a standard micro USB cable - wall adapter I have, but at least they should have included a EU to US plug adapter.Although the unit does everything it claims to do (and unlike many others I may have lucked out since I had no disconnect problems) the issue becomes &#34;so what&#34;. I can use the unit to read text messages, tell who is calling, control the Android music player and so on, but since my phone is only a few inches away it is no harder to simply use my phone.  If I am at a meeting putting the phone on silent mode works as well as using LiveView. As far as I can tell using this means having to charge and manage two items instead of one for the dubious benefit of having a remote control that handles a limited number of your phone apps and which (since it is bluetooth) has a limited range that it operates at. At the price I paid this is a cool gadget and it was well worth it to experience what a &#34;Smartwatch&#34; is currently like - I am glad I didn't spen the money for the Pebble or Sony Smartwatch. Maybe when Apple, Google or Samsung come out with one they'll also come up with a reason for actually using it, but that's not the case with this.  So, I'm giving this a 3 because of the great price and the fact that it seems to work well and does what it claims to do.  I would give this a 5 if it weren't for the fact that I can only think of a very few limited possibilities where using this is worthwhile. As is it's more a concept piece showing that just because you can build something doesn't mean that you should.

This device is cool... for 5 minutes. Its a great device in theory, but in real life its just junk.First of all, its slow. Very slow. When opening a 3rd party app, it sometimes crashes and restarts. Not a huge deal, but a pain sometimes.Also, the battery life is really bad. It lasts about 7-8 hours before needing to be charged again. Not great for something that's supposed to be a watch.The main pain in the a** is the connection errors. Every 40 - 50 minutes, it disconnects from my phone. Half the time it wont re connect, and when it does, the process of reconnecting literally uses up half the battery. No jokes.The ability to check text messages, emails, rss and calls is great. That really came in handy, however overall its a really bad device, and not worth buying.

Pros- It works fine with my phone. Its small and perfect if you want to see who wish to be updated on your social networks.Cons- It doesn't have an AUX output. I believe if it had that this product would be great. Having said that, i also believe that it'll be great if it was able to hold music.Overall- Great product if you want to keep up with most of your social networks. Doesn't come close to the smart watches that cost a lot more.

I think that I can read sms and notifications from Facebook or Twitter but you just can see that you have a notification but no more.

When I saw this, I really wanted it.  I even ignored the bad reviews because the price is so low. Turns out, I should have listened.

Take off my watch to wash my hands? Constantly take off the annoying band to charge it? Nothing about this product is good.

This is a very nice tool for my life, I use this when I travel in my bike, I can see messages, in calls, I can call other people, etc, is very easy to use and very easy to carry. I love ti!

Dont do it.  dont even think about it.  if you cheap out on a product like this, you WILL regret it.  it connects to my phone properly (and thats how it gets 1 star) but it doesnt give you anything about your texts, facebook, nothing!  you can change your songs, but you cant start playing them.  if you go more than 6 feet away, it loses connection and you have to go thorugh the whole process of connecting it again.

Overall it's an amazing product for what it's worth. It's pretty good with battery life. The only downside was, i found it very hard to switch out of the watch to just the clip! But overall, cool product.

Watch is worth $20 and no more. The Liveview app from Sony is very limited, though there are a few plugin's such as one that connects to My Tracks for Jogging. Battery isn't great. The charger is in the WORST possible location. You have to pop off the holder to charge it (micro usb).The up side there is a 3rd app that is being developed and has it's perks. Once plugins are supported it will be awesome. its called OpenLiveView and is in the Play Store.Currently running Nexus 4 with PA and it works well connection wise. I use OLV more than the Sony app. but have it hibernated in Greenify to switch back if i want to. Very easy to switch.Just really hate that the charger is blocked by the straps spring bars. Don't know what Sony was thinking.

I bought this device specifically because I needed to test my email notifications app eNotify with it.From a developer point of view, one negative thing is that it uses a different software kit (SDK) from Sony smartwatch and SW2. This means developers need to go through extra effort to support this device. While I expect more apps will arrive for this device, I think there will be many more targeting smartwatch and smartwatch2.Like others, I found the connectivity to be patchy and a pain to get it to reconnect sometimes. It isn't always easy to control. When I press left & right it sometimes queues up the events and scrolls further than I had intended.The device itself is okay. I'd probably rate it 2 stars, but I'm giving an extra star because it is very cheap and another for innovation because it was the first real device in the wrist category. However, if you can afford to spend the extra money I would go with the full Sony smartwatch (or even better SW2). They have touch screens, better display, fuller watch capabilities and look better visually.But if you just want an inexpensive solution to try out the whole concept this is not a bad starter device.

I received my unit early last week,  I have to say, I'm very impressed with what this is capable of for the price.  After updating the firmware, I've had minimal connection issues (one of the reviewers below mentioned a recent new update).  I've got it connected to my Galaxy S3 running Liquid Smooth v2.3.  Disconnect's are occasional (maybe once a day), but usually resolve automatically or will require a quick tap of the Connect button within the LiveView software.  The range isn't amazing, but is at least 7-8 feet.It does exactly what I wanted it do (allow for discrete notification review without pulling out my phone) and more for an incredible price.  There are a few plugins available on the Play store for the LiveView as of now, I highly suggest utilizing SimpleGmail, Dial, Music, and the Mode plugin.  All free, all working perfectly on my unit as of now.To address a couple of the cons people have mentioned:-I agree that the watch strap isn't that comfortable or aesthetic, but it can be easily changed out for any 18mm standard wrist strap.-The SimpleGmail plugin offers Gmail notifications, works perfectly (so far).-Battery life - mine has been rather good.  While I do turn it off at night (since I obviously dont need vibrating notifications while I sleep), mine has been going for 4-5 days without a recharge.-The watch blocks the recharge port - annoying, but there is a "creative" workaround for this on YouTube for those who keep the original strap (cant find it right now unfortunately).  But if you want to use another watchstrap, you just have to deal with it.  I dont mind taking the watch out for charging once a week.************************UPDATE************************I'm a medical student, going through my M3 year right now.  I've been using this watch for a few months now and have been VERY satisfied with it.  I connect it once in the morning and its good to go the whole day, until I turn it off at night.  Not a single disconnect in at least the last 2 months.  I find that rebooting your phone once in the morning (or night) makes the connection occur instantly in the morning when I turn the watch on.I agree that its not the fanciest smartwatch available, but I still say its a steal for $20.

bad implementationnot touch.. horrible screen resolution..if it was done with a thinner screen and a slight curve to it, it would be a nice look

Pros:(+) Great price for what you're getting: I bought this watch because I wanted a way to see texts and incoming calls while I was in meetings or running about with my phone in my bag. I didn't intend on using it for Facebook or Twitter updates...so the watch has really come in handy for me.(+) Very functional for my needsCons:(-) Bluetooth range is really short: I've found that the disconnect issues only arise when I walk too far from my phone. If you go in the other room, you will get disconnected.(-) Screen could be brighter: Many reviewers have said that the screen cannot be seen in direct sunlight. I have found this not to be true; I can see the screen in sunlight. It isn't extremely bright, but that's okay with me.(-) Battery life is pretty bad: The battery lasts a day but, not much more in my experience. I imagine that the more frequent the notifications and the more you flash the screen (time), the faster the battery drains.(-) Windows-only software: If you need to update the firmware on the watch, you'll need a Windows PC (XP, Vista, 7, 8, etc). Linux and OSX users are out of luck.(-) Difficult to un-clip from wristband: I thought I broke it the first time I un-clipped it, but it was fine. It gets easier to un-clip the more you do it. The first time I un-clipped it I had to use a flat-head screwdriver. Now I can just pull it off.

To be the first model of intelligent clock works great, the battery life is too short not arrive at night, and has very few applications in store play, but it does the job.

I own a sony Xperia phone and it pairs perfectly fine with the live view. I read a post of a guy that said that the clip fell of the strap, thats because you're not supposed to put the clip on the strap. If you follow the instructions it won't fall anywhere. If you do not own an Xperia phone don't get mad if you find it hard to pair it with the live view, remember its a sony ericsson product for sony ericsson phones,the box of the live view has a notice outside saying "works with Xperia". Anyways, its very handy, practical and doesn't look bad at all.

I like it. Wish it was waterproof and had more features, but it's fine. Read text messages, missed calls, news. Oh and time. It tells you what time it is, too. Shoot, most watches that only tell time are far more expensive!

I thought that for being a sony product it was going to be goo, but overall is average, no touch sreen, difficult to navigate and it tend to cut of get its connection to the phone lost/

A clock is synchronized came damaged, but no good shows no alerts, buy 20 and allows me to return the product

Worst device ever purchased in my life it always lost connection it works well For about 30 minutes then u have to re sync I got so irritated with it I threw it as far as i could into a lake

I love this watch! My only gripe is the charging port. If you use it as a watch rather than a clip, it needs to be removed from the watch band (which is a PITA) to be charged. Other than that, no complaints.

Ill just say if you get this for 25 bucks it's a great deal for you most of the time. Can complain about scooping it up that cheap. However it does suffer from connectivity issues, always has, always will. Google it first, just so you know what you're up against. On a good day with no issues, it's awesome. So nice for those situations you can't use your phone, but what to check who just hit you up. I can't use my cellphone at my job, but I can read texts and check missed phone calls, which is great. I go for it for the price.

I bought this in spite of the poor reviews because, well - it was cheap - and I kind of like to tinker. When I got the watch I immediately upgraded the software on the watch itself, and downloaded the latest Android app to sync it with. Despite using the latest software (on the watch and phone, both) I was unable to keep it paired for more than a couple of hours. When the battery on the watch got to ~70% it cut out and would not sync again until fully charged. If the watch was moved out of range and back again it would not re-pair with the phone unless I went through the entire re-pairing process from scratch. If the phone went to sleep, the connection would be lost. Overall, except during the brief periods (typically 15 minutes long) when the connect worked, the watch was useless. When it worked (however briefly) it was very nice and showed a LOT of promise especially with some of the plugins that are available.After I gave up on the Sony software, I then tried an open-source project called OpenLiveView that is available on Google Play. This was, remarkably, able to maintain a Bluetooth connection, and if the connect was lost - for example if I went out of Bluetooth range, just pushing the button on the watch caused it to re-pair in seconds. Unfortunately, OpenLiveView is in the early stages of its development, so it does not allow you to use plugins YET.Overall, I am going to keep the watch because it is so cheap, and wait for OpenLiveView to mature. I give the watch a three (3), for trying, and because of its potential once OpenLiveView matures.

I absolutely LOVE this device.I was worried about the disconnection problems that people reported, but I updated the firmware and hardly have any disconnects at all.That's with just the straight LiveView app, no other supporting apps.I have a few plugins on there like Weather, Moon phase, Gmail notifier, etc... and they all work great on my Galaxy SII with Cyanogenmod 10.0.For $22 you cannot beat this thing!I got the screen protector that's made for the Smartwatch, but it fits the LiveView just fine.Just love that my wrist vibrates and I can check my messages right there, don't even need to touch the phone. ;)

Great geeky tech accessory for the price.  Its reasonable quality for the price, it's plastic (though I bought a screen protector along with it, so I'm not too worried about scratches.)  Keeps good bluetooth connection and works well with my Galaxy SII Epic Touch.  Problems:  Once you put it in the watch band, you can't really remove it, so to charge, you must remove the watchpin (not hard, no tools required, but those pins are delicate, so may have to go to jewlers to get replacements eventually.)  Also facebook and twitter notifications don't work.  I'm not the only one with the problem.  I suspect it's because I'm not using an xperia phone, though the instructions included indicate it should work on all android 2.0 or better.  Maybe a software update will eventually fix that.The screen look good, is bright enough, but it doesn't have that true bright whitepoint quality I'm used to with computer displays.  I'm really not complaining, but these are some improvements you'll see, I'm sure, if you buy sony's newer smartwatch at nearly $100.00.It offers basic functionality but doesn't do anything more at all.  No settings to change backlight duration, clockface, colors or anything of the sort.  It feels like a first gen (or even beta) product.  For $23.00, I'm perfectly happy.  If I find I really like the smartwatch idea, from my experience with this, I may invest in something that costs more.  I do not feel ripped off with this purchase.

cool little device with a fair amount of apps for it.  resolution sucks but on the simple apps it makes no matter. Good battery life and rarely crashes, a fun little watch.

i bought this so i could more easily get tweets and facebook notifications on my wrist while i'm DJing. guess what functions don't work at all! this thing is dumb and a waste of time and money.

There's a reason why the sony watch and others cost 150.00 or more it's because they work.I did my best to try and use this watch. When I could get it to pair with my HTC Rezoundit was preet cool. Problem was every time I turned the watch off it took forever to try andpair it again. The watch would just start the pairing process and then stop and it did that at least a dozen timesor so before it would complete the process. I found a program called Liveview Charm which protected the pairingand it actually worked as long as I didn't turn the watch off. For 20.00 it's just not worth the hassle to use it.Rather than be reminded every day of what a disappointment this thing was I threw it out.

It is just another thing that you have to charge. It worked okay. There is an Open source app that makes it slightly better and you can find it in google play. it replaces the stock sony app on your phone.i never use the watch though. i may if it kept time without my phone. plus my girlfriend thought it looked tacky and she took it away from me and hid it.

I have not words, pleas is very molest this requierement, review it please. that is all by now, two words

just need the custonNotifier plug-ins and works perfect whatsapp, message, email  etc, its a excellents and loock great. I recomends 100%

I bought this as a gift for a friend. She likes it. Very futuristic and covert. I would get one for myself but I am a iPhone user.

This product now sells for $20 or so on amazon.  Just got one.  Just thought everyone might want to know that the connection issue has been fixed.  There's no more connection issue.  My liveview stays connected to my galaxy s 4g.  And when I come back from outside of range, it automatically reconnects.I can control music, take pictures remotely, make my phone sound an alarm for me to find the phone, send text messages for missed calls, secretly record conversations, read text documents, etc.Also, the design flaw with the charger location I've managed to solve.  Very easy to do.  The liveview comes with 2 pieces that can attach to it.  One piece is meant for you to wear as a watch and the other has a clip and lets you clip it on things, like your backpack.  Just super glue the part with the clip onto your liveview.  Make sure you avoid super gluing the charging port area.  The point of super gluing the 2 pieces together is your liveview won't fall off the clipper piece.Now, put your strap on your wrist.  Clip the liveview perpendicular to your arm.  Look at where the metal piece is where the strap wraps around and goes back to Velcro.  There's an opening within the metal piece of the strap.  Slide the liveview clip in there.  This way you can view the liveview like a watch.  I can't stress this enough.  Do not clip it parallel to your arm.  Clip it perpendicular to your arm via that opening within the metal piece.  Sits very tight on the strap and very comfortably on your wrist.I'm still amazed at how many things this "toy" could do.  It does everything from letting you read text documents from your phone on your wristwatch to making your phone fake call (get away from a boring conversation) to secretly record a conversation to giving you your gps coordinates on a map to selecting from your contact list and making calls.  Just do a search for "liveview plugins" on google playstore and you will find dozens and dozens of plugin apps for you to play with.No, it's not a very fashionable watch to wear.  Those of you who care about fashion should stay away from this product.But for 20 bucks, this makes a really cool toy to have.  I've found myself wearing it all the time nowadays.

Although I was able to connect with my RAZR it stopped working in less than 6 hours. Very cheaply made and very poorly designed. Clearly not worth $20. Sony should be embarrassed to market such a toy.

this worked great out of the box I just used it one day though. I don't wear watches. It was a gift.

Did not work while ear piece connected. Not as helpful as I had hoped it would be. Overall not statisfied and disappointed I lost my return info to send it back :( Not a happy customer

This device is very slow at picking up and receiving over the blue tooth connection.  Set up is difficult and the instructions are not explained well.

Do not buy this product.. this is such a crap.. i dont know who are those people who have rated it 5 stars.. those guys for sure are not the real buyers...Believe me i regret buying this.. this is of no use.Ugly/Cheap looking strap ,  the device constantly drops its connection to the phone and does not automatically reconnect.

DO NOT BUYI bought it because I just wanted a regular watch that has a few cool features to play around and it was good compared to the price.You can find everywhere online that this product has many design flaws and they ARE ALL TRUE, the device constantly disconnects, and you have to approve on the phone for it to reconnect, so you actually have to take the phone out of your poket to pair all over again.I would leave 0 stars but is not possble, now it turn on fully charged and goes off right after it pairs, it is fully charged and same thing, reset the thing and updated the FW and same issue.I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and worked fine (not perfect due to what was mentioned before) for over a week, so I called the HORRIBLE Sony support and they told me it wouldn't work with my device and when I told them that I had worked for over a week with no issues they changed the story.They wanted me to try with a Sony Phone so I got one and recorded a video of what it does, they never accepted to receive it and had me send POP, then said they said they will send a replacement.A month later I call and they said they didn't send me nothing and they will not send me anything until I send the garbage back, I told them that due to the location of the device it will cost me more to send it than to throw it away or get another one, asked for a sup and took a long time, they offer a callback to finally tell me that if I didn't send it back they won't send me nothing and refused to receive the 1 min video that will show the device will go off on its own.I will try to contact amazon to see if they can help me as they always had.I used Xperia phones and accessories before, and switched to Samsung because of the same type of things, I guess I made the right decision.

Product looks okay... hoping it works, as it was bought as a X-mas gift! If it works good, that will be great!

Be forewarned, do not ignore. I should have listened to previous reviews, this product did NOT work --it was just a lot of hype !!! To make it even worst I haven't heard back to get a replacement or refund. Stay away from this product or get ready to write another one of these very dissatisfied reviews. Amazon if you are listening you need to replace this product...you know how to contact me when you are trying to sell me something. Do the right thing and spare other customers from this experience. I have always been a fan but my patience is running out with the bad products and poor customer service when trying to return it for refund or replacement.Sony Ericsson Liveview watch micro display for Android Devices 2.1 and Up

DOT NOT BUY THIS , BELIEVE ME-this connect and disconnnet alll the timeeeeeeeeee-there is app on google play to fix it but you have to pay for this-after i updated the firmware the device dont turn on

this little item works great for me, first off i have an android phone (lg optimus) w/ sprint. it stays connected all day with no issues at all battery life is a day or longer depending on usage the range is excellent.  the down side? none so far it lets me know at work if i have a text and i can view it as well, im not allowed to have my phone out at work and it has to be silenced. with this device i can always check to see who is calling and texting me as well as other stuff. it will control my music as well with limited functions. it doesnt show me facebook messages yet not sure why but not really caring about that.

The most valuable app I found for this unit was MicroTracks which worked with MyTracks to put speed, distance, etc on the watch.  This allowed me to put my phone in my bike bag and wear the watch while I ride, but track my progress.  I liked that.The worst part of this device is that you have to remove it from the clip or watchband to charge the unit.  The clip and watchband both broke within 2 months of having the unit, so I have a device that I can't wear.  This is a poor design.  If you could charge the unit without uncliping it from the band, then it would probably have held up.Limited apps, and poor construction of band and clip.

just got one of these a week ago. it came with a european charger. i needed to charge it with my phone charger.it is really a toy. loses connection easily with the phone.most apps are pretty useless. watch band is really cheep. watch is very difficult to removed from plastic holder in watchband and must be removed in order to fit charger plug in. poor design, watch band interferes charger connector! the vibration on the watch whenyou get a call or message is short and barely detectible. kinda cool to see the txt messages on the watch, but still need to clear from phone and reply from phone, so, not much of an advantage. I think i will pass this down to one of my kids. it's a toy.

**Update the firmware first**At first I had troubles just like stated in the other poor reviews. After some looking I found you can download a Sony tool to update the firmware on the device. After the update it works perfectly. I can walk away from my desk and leave my phone and it reconnects before I can pick it up. I like to stream music with my phone then use the Live View as a remote. Play/Pause and next (skip for Slacker) works every time.I have not tried to many extra add on apps for it but some are hit and miss.Only problem I had is with the band, I would recommend getting a different one, the one it comes with makes it stick far out and does not look visual appealing.

I just want this for monitoring when I workout.I fits on me.I use google's my tracker for monitoring.and record for endomondo.

I receive two items with battery problems, battery last just 5 minutes after full load during the night. I decideto return items. In the past I have one f this and Battery last around 8 hours it is not much but work perfectly sync and vibrates with notifications. Good Idea but very bad design, cheap plastic and small screen not multi touch.

For me its perfect, i always want to buy this and now than i have it i cant believe. bye

I would of done a video review on this item. Only issue is its unusable, tried with multiple android 2.0+ devices and none worked. Well here's the catch they worked for maybe an hour or maybe 1 minute. That's if it would actually pair correctly to the phone through Bluetooth.I'n my mind i feel that Sony has let this product fail, which is sad as i know many people that where very excited about it including me.What Sony needs to do!Update the firmware!!Fix all the connectivity issues (which there are a lot of)apologize to the public!if you want something like this, well your only hope is above. Or buying a LG watch phone for a ton of cash if you can find one.

I bought this, and it worked great (for the limited technology that it had).About a week later I dropped it from about 3 feet and it broke. Wouldn't turn on, nothing.Not even worth the $20 I spent on it.DO NOT BUY. WASTE OF MONEY.

This product is not worth the 20 bucks.  I had read some bad reviews but thought i would give it a try for 20$.  mistake.  I have to pair it up with my phone every time i get out of distance of my phone or just turn the remote off. the touch on it is crap.  seems like you have to touch it in just the right spot with just the right pressure to get it to work.  (harder to work then a woman).  i suggest trying something else.

first of all, the batery last like 3-4 hors, remove it from the Wristband is hard, i feel like i gonna broke it, constanting desconect it from my xperia play, some times the display freez it, and i have to turn it off, but wait, i cant, because there it not respons, i was hoping a better device from sony....

I after looking at the reviews before i  was very worried that i  would buy a brick lol. but i  said what the heck  its only $35 so i pulled the trigger. And i  love it !! it has a ton of apps like the running one i use everyday and the ability to control my  music in  the gym is great! Plus being able to view facebook in class is great. Just make sure that you  do  the update that was pushed out last year. works great with the evo 3d !!

Well, to start with....1. It technically isn't supported (via Sony Website) by my HTC Sensation 4G.  It does however function properly "most" of the time.  It does connect and show the information stated.  I do notice however, that it likes to freeze up and not show ANY information unless you give it a few minutes or restart it.  I have updated it via it Sony software from the support site and it appears to help a little.  I does show the names of the people who call you which is a very neat feature, so you can decide if you want to reach "all the way" into your "pocket" to get that noisy device!2.  The battery life seems to be good.  I played with it for hours and it never died.  I know with normal use it will probably last few days if not more, but I cannot verify that yet, do to me only having it for about 18 hours.  I will update this review as needed.3.  The device is very easy to use "when operating like designed"  but when it freezes up it become very frustrating.  The touch sides are very responsive, and if you wondering, no the screen itself isn't a touch screen, you actually touch the watches bezel for it to work.4.  In conclusion, if you were buying this to actually fully work 100% of the time, don't!  I am kind of a tech junkie that likes to try new devices, especially ones with a lot of POTENTIAL like this one.  If they could get the software to not be quite so buggy this device could be a show changes, especially at less that 70 dollars.  I hope this helps some of you out.*****UPDATE*****Returned Item!The thing proved to be not what they described (sony, not amazon) It would not stay connected to my phone for more than 15 minutes.  I tried and tried to get it to work but to no avail! I am soooo glad that Amazon is a reputable company and took it back, it just didn't function like promised. I have changed my rating to a 2 b.c. it still have a LOT of potential, maybe with firmware updates or something but it was unusable with my brand new HTC Sensation or my wifes Nexus one, or My Touch 4G.

Its okay I guess but the bluetooth hardly stays connected. I have to re-link it 10 times a day or more. It is a pain trying to charge it also.

ok. first, for 20$ i d give it 5 stars, BUT as this review is to influence the purchase decision only i ll have to give it 1 star only, due to the fact that it is a piece of crap product. it will break with normal use in under a month (physically break) and it won't connect to the phone even if its a sony, more than 50% of the time. the rest, features, usefullness etc, won't matter as you won't be able to use it for long. Just save the 20$ and buy the MN2SW as it's at the moment, still, the best smartwatch available. Forget the martian, pebble or any other until an apple or google smartwatch (or better ) appear as they do the same but as the sony one, exept they just look worse and are more expensive.Whoever says is a hassle adding apps to the sony is mistaken, they are easier than adding them on a phone, which everyone does. anyway that's another review.

for the price you have is a really good team fulfills its functions and sony has done a good job with updates!

very spotty connecting with both devices i tried it with (atrix and inspire)...but the display was ok and pretty responsive...would have been four or five stars if it had a reliable connection.

I always research things before I buy. This one did not have good reviews but someone said there was an upgrade for it to fix the problems. Well I got it and had the problems that were mentioned. After about 6 hours of more research and upgrades I had no luck. It constantly disconnect from my phone. I called Sony and they sent me a link for another upgrade, again, no luck. I called again and was told that it would not work on a Droind Inc.2. Even though the package said it would, it did not work with my phone...this from Sony directly!

This device seems like it will be useful for seeing what's going on on my phone discretely rather than interrupting a business meeting to take it out.HOWEVER, what I got was NOT at all what was shown in the pictures: no watch clip of any sort, and the included charger was for use in Europe not here. Getting help with this, while it was eventually resolved, was challenging and made the whole experience far less than Amazon's normal easy, as expected purchase process.

Have had little to no disconnects but that can be easily fixed if your phone is rooted. Battery life is fine despite what others have said. Would buy again.

This thing did not work right. It missed up so many times. So im giving it a 1 star. :(
