
Not happy with cosmos phone. The antenna does'nt work very well and it hangs up on us all the time. The lock does'nt work, you bump the screen and it comes on and it always calls someone without us knowing it. It works well for texting and we like the easy favorites screen, but I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

Have had this phone for five months and it works fine. I basically only use it for the call and texting features - mostly texting - and they both work great. I haven't had the problems of the phone shutting off or loosing texts (unless I delete them). Turning some of the settings off (like keypad sounds and the vibration level), and shortening the backlight helps to preserve the battery life; I use this phone every day, but only charge it once or twice a week, and I wait until it's down to one bar before fully charging it...With texting, 'Sent' and 'Draft' are accessible through the icons at the top of the screen - and can be locked/unlocked/deleted that way, or erased at the bottom of the screen after reading the text.The keyboard is a nice one, although it's a little bigger than my other phone, which I guess would be a good thing for most people. There's different wallpaper to choose from, and it can be sized - or use your own pic. There are a few different display themes as well - but anything that's animated, including wallpaper, will use up the battery faster.I do use the alarm and calendar often, and there are various sounds and settings that can be used for these features. Plus, little icons can be moved to the main screen (I have the alarm clock there), for quick access.I don't have Facebook or Twitter, but for those who want to pay more for data, it's an option. I don't use this phone for the internet - but everything else works well, including the voice command feature. Plus it'll read your texts to you, and although I don't use this feature often, it's nice to have.

A lot of people have already mentioned it, so I won't go into technical detail, but this phone will randomly and REPEATEDLY (i.e., many, MANY, times per day - and night!) send you phantom "media messages", pop up screens, all kinds of glitchy stuff, including starting to talk (!!!) in the middle of the night (about Verizon Navigator, or Social Networking Options, or WHATEVER... Can't really remember it all because generally it is waking me up at 2:30 a.m. & scaring me half to death by babbling away on my nightstand...). It also randomly lights up & "activates" at odd hours; my husband and I joke about it being possessed and/or communicating with alien life forms. The *NOT* so funny part is that all of the above, aside from being annoying (& sometimes alarming), DRAINS THE BATTERY CONSTANTLY. Evidently this is all due to an app that comes pre-installed in this particular phone called "The Daily Scoop". You cannot get this phone without it, and you cannot uninstall it. Lots of info available about this unavoidable scam, just google it... I can't believe they haven't fixed the problem, but they have NOT. --->DO. NOT. GET. THIS. PHONE.&lt;---  Verizon won't even let me "trade down" for a less expensive model (just to get away from this one!), so I am stuck for another year and a half :P

To keep it short this phone will randomly light up to the browse and download page. This happens over 30 times a day (or night). This is not only annoying but kills the battery in short order. By researching the phone I found numerous people with the same problem, all of them receiving useless help from verizon. During my last call to verizon I was told by the customer service(?)rep to keep my phone off at night. Don't become locked into a contract with this phone because you will be on your own and frustrated.

I have had the LG Cosmos Touch for about 3 weeks now.  My daughter and husband got the same phone at the same time.  All of us hate the battery charge life.  The charge only lasts one day on all phones.  I do not text, use the phone rarely, don't use the internet feature or make photos.  I had a LG Chocolate before and the battery lasted at least four days.  I am VERY disappointed.  The phone turns off without notice after one day!! Any suggestions?

Half and half why you say? I'll explain why... actually I'm gonna review the phone and let you decide why.I have two reviews: a long detailed one below, and a short quick one at the the bottom. Along with a pros and cons list.Long:This is a great phone, touch screen, qwerty keyboard... what more could you want for texting? Yes, I use this phone for texting and making calls. I don't have internet cause I don't need it. That's why I got this phone. No extra monthly fees. Now to the phone itself:It is equipped with a plastic pressure sensitive touch screen. Not heat sensitive, so yes you can use a pen for the screen. As the photos pictured above it has a slide-out qwerty keyboard. For the size of the phone (it's smaller than the regular cosmos) the keyboard feels great. It has rubber keys, I don't get how it's slippery. It doesn't feel cramped, just right. Great for texting. If you're familiar with the LG Cosmos keyboard layout, it hasn't changed.The phone is not a smart phone, and requires apps and games to be downloaded from Verizon only. Even if you have internet the apps won't work cause the phone apps are brew based. Although, it does have some cool features on it's own: A drawing pad, text to speech (like microsoft Ann), and more. It has widgets that can be brought to the home screen for quick access. Let's say you have a calender in the widgets menu, you can touch and drag it to your home screen.One thing to note- it has a complete fully functional mp3 player! It has all mp3 player features, repeat, shuffle, albums, playlists, and alot more. It is also equipped with a 3.5 millimeter head phone jack. So no more adapters for your headphones! That is my favorite feature. The phones also accepts micro SD cards up to 16gb only. No 32gb unfortunately. The screen is fully touch functional and can be calibrated.It has great connection and picks up in most dead zones my regular cosmos couldn't. The battery is great for a phone of this magnitude. Some people may not realize it, but look at the battery size (it uses the same exact battery of the LG Accolade... yes the Accolade) and look at the screen size. The screen (once on) is emitting a strong backlight and the keyboard also emits light. That uses up your battery, and if you need more power, lower your lighting, or stay off heavy apps like big games.As far as call quality, I really haven't made any calls much. Although the ones I have the call quality seems good. Voices were loud and clear. The camera only takes pictures not video recording, If I remember correctly it's a 1.3mp camera. Not the best, but the pictures I took turned out nicely. Clear, bright, and colorful. The phone does not support video playback... big loss for me. The phone came with one game... Sudoku Deluxe. I'm not much of a puzzler but for those who are I'm sure you might enjoy it.The phone has three home screens. Middle (main) screen is your regular phone screen. Your wallpaper, clock, etc. Scroll to the left and you have your message center and social network shortcuts. Scroll to the right and you have your favorites menu and you can add up to 11 of your favorite contacts.The phone slides open smoothly and the keyboard looks nice. I like the black and silver color, reminds me of the old school LG Rumor. I have a body glove case for my phone and I highly recommend that case. I recommend this phone as well. One thing I dislike about it, is that it can become slow loading up pictures, even with a small amount. Plus it seems the text lags when you type really fast. Not a big deal for me. Also when zooming at pre-took photos the system lags very badly, I have no clue why.Overall great phone, no monthly fees, touch screen, keyboard and compact. I like it and use it for calling and texting and it fills that position wonderfully.Short:A nice data-plan free cell phone with a perfect keyboard and touchscreen. The phone masters at messaging and handles call great. Battery life is good, especially considering it uses a small Accolade battery. It has a soft touch paint job for a nice grip feeling. It slides nicely and has a pressure sensitive touchscreen, so yes it requires a little pressure to open up menus. The keyboard is laid out just like the regular Cosmos and the new Cosmos 2. It has cool pre installed apps like the drawing pad and text-to-speech. Apps are BREW based and apps offline can't be installed due to the stinginess of Verizon letting us use a data-plan free phone. Has a micro SD slot for additional memory. The phone is compact and has a great weight. The phone lags at very fast texting speeds and the loading times get irritating at first. No big problem. The camera only takes photos and can't playback video files let alone record videos... :( It has a lock button on the side for a quick screen lockdown. Call quality is nice and texting is great. The phone features a 3.5mm head phone jack and a MP3 player! The widgets menu is also a nice addition along with the 3 home screens. For more in-depth information read my long review.Yes, you guys knew it was coming and here is my infamous PROS vs. CONS list:Pros:CompactKeyboard/TouchscreenMP3 Player3 Home screensBatteryFeaturesSoft PaintNice call qualityGreat texting machineMicro SD slotLock buttonCamera1000 Contacts limit along with picture ID3.5mm headphone jack yay!WidgetsFast loading when playing gamesNO DATA PLAN...Many more guysCons:Tends to lag at high speed texting.Zoom on pre-took photos ridiculously lags1.3 Mega Pixel cameraNo video record or playbackVerizon's stupid apps take up most of the main menuSlow loading pictures upDaily Scoop is totally annoying and can only be removed by contacting Mobile Posse. Even when it's deleted from your phone you still get updates. This is one of Verizon's sneaky scams and they will deny it's their app. Which it is only a Verizon compatible app. Yea it may be cool getting the 5 day forecast... until you see your bill for data usages.Eh, that's all I can think of at the moment.Verdict: A great touch/qwerty phone that doesn't require a data-plan, with minor quirks. My recommendation: Go for it.Update:The Verizon Media Store only has a few games that are capable of being played on the LG Cosmos Touch. With plenty of time on my hands and the killer urge to have games on my phone, I searched until I found some. Here's a list with some descriptions and my recommendations.*Sim City Deluxe- Great fun and addictive gameplay. Create a city and run it how you want. If the Sims are annoying you, throw in a tornado to shut them up. I highly recommend this game.*Splatter House- Horror game... don't waste your money. It's extremely hard and just terribly made.*Deer Hunter 3D- Awesome! Hunt deer, bears, and I think it's elk as well. It's also in '3D'. I highly recommend this game too.*GuitarHero 5- Oh yeah, my favorite mobile game. If you don't get service/signal at your house don't get this game. It requires you to download songs (may cost internet usage fees). It's super fun and very addicting. I highly recommend this game.*Gangstar Miami Vindication- GTA gameplay, hard controls but easy to learn. Very fun to kill people, steal cars, and fly helicopters. I'd highly recommend this if you get bored alot.*Oregon Trail- Game based on luck, I enjoy it alot. You travel to California for gold and try to survive the trail. I'd recommend this if you like suspense.

I just want to say that my girlfriend has had this phone for several months now, and on numerous occasions has been woken up early in the morning with advertisements.I do not recommend this phone if you do not want to unwillingly accept advertisements at terrible hours. Verizon/LG...seriously? Consumers watch enough commercials daily, they don't need extra advertising on their phones. To me, the lack of warning about advertisements on this stupid phone is secretive and absolutely ridiculous.

Yes, I too share the same thoughts as the majority of these reviews.  I have worked this phone, or it continues to work me I'm not quite sure, for the last 6 months.  The first 2 weeks I would be awakened at 2:43 AM every morning with the Bing add begging me to purchase the app. I downloaded the latest updates with no luck.  Called Verizon and had them end my ability to access the web from my phone. This did end the early morning wake up adds.  My phone light still comes on in the middle of the night multiple times, I have learned to turn it upside down and live with it. My phone still defaults to the browse and download page about 80% of the time when I begin to use it.  I can't say enough good things about LG products, I buy them every chance I get. My LG cosmos has even taken some abuse (not as much as I would have liked to given it At 2:43 in the morning).  The issues I and others have had seems to originate from Verizon.  The service and tech departments don't seem to have any answers, I'm hopeful that somewhere on the net I can get a fix for these annoyances, if not I will just get another phone when I finally run out of patience.

I got this phone and do not have to pay anything extra for monthly internet fees because I don't use those apps, but I can if I needed to in an emergency and would then pay out the gazoo for the useage, but it's nice to have all those cool apps on standby.  I wanted the touch screen option for texting and there was no phone to do that which didn't come with expensive internet monthly fees.  I like all the loaded features the phone has.  I have not experienced any of the negative things that I have heard or read about the phone.  It occasionally will drop a call but all cells do anyway.  Play with the phone and read up on the features.  Verizon has an online video demo of it and this is one cool phone.  Hard to get used to after having a flip style phone, however this is the now of phone styles so it's inevitable.

This phone is terrible. I often see reviews stating, " don't read bad reviews", lies, you must read them. Read mine and engrave it into memory, because this phone is the worst mistake anyone could make. The touch screen isn't big thumb friendly, the touch is barley even responsive. You literally have to assault the screen to cruise the interface. There's no video feature, no flash, battery is horrible, and to cap it off.....well the phone is just bad. When looking through your text messages the phone randomly selects an entirely different contact when you specifically pick one. Warning: Please stay away from the cosmos touch, because this phone has 2 stars for a reason!

Had this phone for a week and I have hated it. It comes unlocked while in my pocket and will call someone multiple times without me knowing. Has weird, glitchy flaws. Do not buy it.

Nice idea for a phone, but LG should have taken the time to fix the software bugs.  I am on my third LG Cosmos touch, none of which work.  Beware, if you have auto correct on you will not be able to text, it will stall out and kill your battery without sending texts.  Also if you have word predict on the same thing will happen.  Just for fun the LG Cosmos touch also turns off while trying to send texts sometimes.  This would be a great phone if not for these problems.  Also, there is no camera.Save yourself some time and frustration, don't buy this phone you will hate it.

At first, I was enchanted by this phone's crisp touchscreen.  I didn't want to get a data plan, but I did want to have a nice, shiny phone.After owning it for four months...  STAY AWAY.How is this phone awful?  Allow me to count the ways.(1) It is a butt-dialing and butt-texting machine.  The "lock" on the phone is ridiculous; the phone slides very smoothly, and somewhere between 1/4" and 1/2" open - which can happen oh so easily in a pocket - the phone unlocks itself.  It stays unlocked even if it slides back shut.  In order to keep it actually locked, you need to go a few menus deep and use the Security settings.  One morning, I called my stepmother eight times in a row - it's that awful.(2) Loud, speaker-driven advertisements you don't opt in for, combined with applications you can't get rid of.  Imagine my joy when, one morning 5:50 am, my phone started loudly - on its own - telling me how awesome Bing Search was.  And then next week telling me all the joys of Verizon Navigator, somewhere before 7 am.  It's some application called Daily Scoop, and according to Verizon, I can't get rid of it.  I ended up needing to email a third party to "unsubscribe" me but I still get messages from it and the application just won't go away.(3) It wakes itself up at night, and often keeps the backlight on for no reason, draining the phone's battery.  I've figured out it does this when doing the updates to the Backup program, whatever it's called.  I can't uninstall this application, either.  What's more, when it's done, it parks the phone on the Browse & Download screen, so I need to exit out of that to do stuff like messing with the alarm clock or making calls.  THIS IS EVERY NIGHT.(4) No video, which is a shame.  Even my old crummy phone had video.(5) A very easily-scratched screen, which will certainly pick bad stuff up from just being in your pocket.(6) The touchscreen isn't very accurate at all.What do I like about it?  The keyboard is nice, and it's good for texting.  The screen is pretty.  It is passable at making phone calls when I want it to; the real issue is with it making calls when I don't want it to.But I'd give all that up to go back to my old phone.  I shouldn't have donated it to charity...Stay away from this phone, folks.  It's a nightmare.*****ADDENDUM: Thank the phone gods, I finally got this phone replaced!  I mailed it back to Verizon a few days ago and have migrated to a less advanced - though 100% less annoying - one.  The key was calling Tech Support instead of Customer Service.  Treat the phone's many flaws as technical issues, rather than product quirks, and you might get some relief, too.

Like most other people, I wanted a newer phone with some extra little capabilities (including the touch) but wasn't ready to delve into data packages.  When I saw the CT release, it was like a wish come true.  I won't list all the specs; you didn't come here to read them when they are in the listing.  The phone is small and lightweight, and actually partly made from recycled materials.  The menus are easy to navigate, and the keyboard is actually pretty nice.  The touch screen is a different make than most others on the market so there is a small learning curve to use.  While I have no problem using it, when someone else borrows it they always comment on the touch being testy.WHAT I DON'T LIKE: after having this phone for months, it sometimes lags when using it.  I'll touch an icon with no response, and thinking it didn't register I'll touch it again only for it to respond to the first touch and then register a second unwanted touch.This phone is also very buggy in the text department.  Frequently after sending a text and sliding the keyboard shut, the phone will restart itself and the text will not have gone through.  The phone also seems to "forget" what texts you are looking at.  For example, when I am reading one text and slide to scroll to the next in the conversation it will bring me to different thread with a different person.  The phone also does the same when I view a text with the keyboard out and then slide it shut; it brings me to a different message.My third complaint is this.  Being a slide/touch phone there is no keypad on the face of the phone, so when making a call to an automated menu (such as your voicemail or a business) you pull the phone away from your face and the screen lights up with a keypad.  This feature broke within a month of me getting the phone and so the screen remained dim when I needed buttons.  I had the phone replaced as it was within the 30 day guarantee and was excited to be done with the aforementioned bugs.  However, my second phone soon did the same thing but this time it was too late for a return and I am stuck with it.  When I need to use the keypad during a call, I must slide the keyboard out which defaults into speakerphone mode so anyone around can hear the message.Despite these quirks (and they really do upset me) the LG CT is an ok buy for someone wanting a nicer phone but no data plan. Obviously some people have bought the phone and experience no problems (either that or they reviewed it before owning it for long enough).  It leaves me to think that for some reason there are numerous "bad eggs" out there among the good ones, and I would appreciate it much more if LG would recognize this fact and set up some sort of service program for those of us with faulty CTs.Based on my experience with having the same problems with two of these phones, I would personally not risk getting another unless LG compensated for it somehow.  It's a shame because as I've stated, I do really like the phone otherwise and would recommend it without problem.  I give it three stars because it's not a horrible phone, but there are enough people experiencing glitches out there that it may not be worth the risk to invest in.LG, please recognize theses issues and bring this model up to your quality standards and do something

I'm going to chime in with the rest of the folks complaining about the pop-up ads that are timed to go on in the middle of the night.I also was told by Verizon tech support that no one had ever reported a problem like this.Yeah, right.I "upgraded" to this phone from a LG NV3 and now I wish I had kept the old one.  I was seduced by the touchscreen, I admit.I don't have all the other problems reported by some, but the early morning wake-up calls from Social Beat are enough to make me hate this phone.It would certainly be nice if Verison could own up to the app problems and find a solution.

i love the lg cosmos touch because its basic and its touch screen. It is fast and responsive. I have only one complaint that when you slide the phone closed it some times restarts itself and that can get anoying. but overall its a great phone i love it .

I replaced my two year old Samsung Alias with this Cosmos Touch. I absolutely love the Alias. This phone has smaller buttons and takes getting used to. The first battery charge lasted about a week, but i don't talk much. I haven't had any issues with the Daily Scoop popping up or draining the battery. There is an option to turn off auto view multi media messages, which I believe stops the Scoop from popping up. Overall, i like this phone and its good for texting. Don't beleive all the negative reviews. This will probably be the last of the decent phones that won't require a data plan.

LG/Verizon planted a malware called 'Daily Scoop' to 'enhance' your shopping experience at random untimly manner. It will also give you a light show in the middle of the night and drain the battery life. The worst part is you cannot get rid of it even with trips to VZ store tech support many times. Please do your homework by google 'LG Cosmo Touch Daily Scoop', you will find hunderd of unsatisfied customers with this same issue.

Where do I start with the issues that I had with this phone.  First, there is the major problem with the Daily Scoop app.  In my case, the Daily Scoop app harassed me with messages and ads EVERY 5 MINUTES!  These messages and ads were not only very VERY frustrating, but caused the phone to light up continuously 24-7, rapidly draining the battery in the process.  In addition, the messages and ads that were left unanswered blocked text message alerts, so I was missing important messages from work.  What makes this even worse is that as of now, there is no solution to the Daily Scoop problems that works.  Verizon's forums have a few "solutions" available, but none of them worked to resolve the problem.In addition to the Daily Scoop problem, the phone also randomly loads a "Get New _____ " page after viewing your multimedia.  For example, if you open your pictures file, the phone will randomly load the "Get New Pictures" page, or if you open your ringtones file, the phone will randomly load the "Get New Ringtones" page.  The phone loads these pages randomly throughout the day about a half a dozen times.  These loading screens also activate the phone's light-up display, thus draining your battery life.  Just like Daily Scoop, these loading screen issues have no solution either.Finally, in my experience, the Cosmos Touch had ridiculous memory limits on text and picture messages.  I had an LG Voyager before this phone and I had no problems sending picture messages with up to 30 second sound bites attatched.  The Cosmos Touch, however, wouldn't even send a measly 5 second sound bite, claiming that the file "exceeds maximum memory limit".  These sound btes and pictures were smaller than the ones I sent from my Voyager and yet the Cosmos Touch couldn't send them, and the Cosmos touch is supposed to be an upgrade from the Voyager?In conclusion, the LG in LG Cosmos Touch must stand for Lousy Garbage because that is exactly what this phone is.  If I could have given this phone 0 stars, I would have.  This is the absolute worst phone I have ever had and my advice to anyone in the market for a new phone is to simply avoid this phone like the plague!

I got the LG Cosmos Touch last year and of course when you first switch from a lame flip phone to a cool sliding touch screen phone, it seems pretty impressive. The phone is pretty good and it has games on it, it has sounds on it and it has a camera on it. A few things wrong with it. . . the battery life is HORRIBLE! it literally lasts me about two days even when I only send like ten text messages and three pictures. the other thing wrong with it is that it doesn't take video! On walmart.com, it says that you can take video on the phone, but they lied!I actually happen to know a lot of people who own this phone and don't like it because you can't get any free apps or anything on it. the only game it comes with is sudoku. :( I guess it just looks like an OK phone when you first get it, but then you actually use it and you see the problems.I saw in someone's review that they were getting advertisements in the middle of the night but i have never gotten an ad from them.

First off, the only reason I got a new phone was I was going to be switching phone plans and was eligible for an upgrade on my old plan. I was very happy with my old phone, an LG Chocolate Touch. I decided to get the Cosmos because it looked very similar to my Chocolate Touch, I like LG phones and I didn't want to pay for a data plan.I'm not very impressed with the phone overall. It feels cheap, has a terrible camera (my niece's leap pad takes better pictures), come equipped with pop-up ads, will randomly switch screens, and the software just isn't that great.I was also very disappointed in the price. With a rebate, I ended up paying $80 at a Verizon store. My first mistake...will NEVER do that again. I was in a hurry and needed to change phone plans so I just got it. Imagine my surprise when I found out I could have gotten it for almost nothing on Amazon or even at Best Buy. : /I'm sure its not the worst phone in the world...just the worst one I have ever owned. I will be going back to Verizon to have my old phone reactivated and keep this one as a spare.

The LG Cosmos touch is a decent feature phone. I got it because I wanted a non-smartphone with a qwerty and a touch screen. The qwerty keypad is passable (the keys work but aren't very easy to push). The screen is small and not very high quality;it's hard to scroll with but it works. Overall everything works, but when getting this phone, understand that you're getting just a basic feature phone with a touch screen.

This phone has failed me twice. Not a huge TX user but the software has had issues. Some of the oddest options in the software and not ones that really matter. The calendar is the worst I have EVER seen. I'd be happier with an old razr. Thank God I don't use this for business. A VERY poor product and I will not go to LG again.

I didn't purchase this phone from the seller, I actually purchased it from the Verizon store. however, when I saw it posted I had to leave the world my input. This is a fun phone~really~The only downfalls, which are HUGE, are that you will Never receive your texts if they are longer than 160 letters long. NEVER. I sent my phone back into Verizon 3 times and to no avail, the phone is just awful. And also that You can't hear when you make or receive a call. EVER. Terrible phone, too bad because it had potential to be awesome, but failed!

DO NOT BUY this phone.  It comes with an app Daily Scoop.  The phone started coming on at 3:30 AM and would stay on and run the battery down.  Verizon does not know how to get rid of this app.  They even replaced my phone at one of their stores.

This phone is abysmal. It:1. Downloads and plays audible ads at 4 am. Repeatedly2. Pocket calls friends and business alike. Often.3. Displays "Daily Scoop" ads on screen that freeze up the phone and prevent you from making calls quickly. Usually.4. Strange, nonlinear battery life.I've posted many positive reviews in my life but never a negative one. It's that bad.

Now, I'm not one to complain but, this is the WORST phone I have ever owned! I could go on and on about the early morning surprises that frequently scare me awake, however, you can read about those in almost every other review about this phone. First I'll start with some not bad things such as the touch screen. The touch screen has yet to become fully unresponsive but it still isn't very good. It's only slow sometimes. It has an acceptable amount of memory (if you take lower quality pictures and frequently delete your messages). Oh! And it also has a very basic drawing feature that allows you to draw a picture on your phone and send it or save it. Now I'll talk about everything else. Whenever I try to send a text message I must hit send then cancel the message and resend it, otherwise it won't sent. Which is great when you have an important question or when you want somebody to think they've upset you and you don't want to talk anymore! It has NO VIDEO CAMERA! Aren't those standard for almost every new phone these days? It doesn't ring anymore no matter how high the volume is! Vibrating is a hit-and-miss thing too. My phone won't hold a charge for more than a half hour, maybe an hour if I don't use it at all. Unlike a smart phone, it has a pressure sensitive touch screen. Basically meaning you don't have to touch it with your finger for it to do stuff, you could use anything. I hardly use it anymore, so I can't think of anything else. Before I had this phone I had a purple flip phone and it could take videos, send and receive all kinds of messages, take pictures, set sounds as ring tones, and of course, make calls (which is much better in comparison to this "phone")!

This phone has been the most annoying phone I have ever owned.  As everyone else has noted, the pop-up ads are ridiculously annoying.  I was getting them around 5am every day for several weeks.  When I called to complain to Verizon they said they had no known history with those issues so they could block media advertising (which obviously didn't help) and that was all they could do.  I also had issues with the phone freezing.  About every 4th text message I sent, the phone would freeze and not be able to send the text.  It would also pocket dial almost every day even when I pressed the lock button on the side of the phone.  It got to the point where I would have to just turn it off to avoid accidentally calling people.  When I called Verizon to report the errors they kindly sent me a new phone. The new phone worked well for a while (still had issues with the pop-up ads though). But now the phone turns off every single time I try to check my mobile email.  When I called Verizon to report the issue they said they would send me a new phone.  I asked if I could get a different phone since I had already had issues with this model in the past, they said no.  I have only had this phone for about a year and have already had to get replacements twice because of product issues.  Stay Away!

Let me start by saying that my previous phone was a LG Chocolate, and I loved that phone.  I ended up going back to it after trying this one out.  The battery on this phone takes forever for me to charge, and the charge will last maybe a day and a half.  And no, I don't text or call much.The problem is in the pre-installed media software (which is nearly impossible, if possible at all, to get rid of).  Even if you turn off the messages, the backlight will silently come on at all hours to alert you that you have a new message (even if you don't), and it will not turn back off.  The media application continues to run in the background, which further drains the battery.The last straw was when my husband locked his keys in the car at work and couldn't get in touch with me because my battery had silently died to this very issue overnight (after a FULL CHARGE when I went to bed), and he couldn't get in touch with me because I wasn't aware that my phone was off.Other than the novelty of a touch screen, there is absolutely no reason why I would recommend this phone to anyone.  It's not a smart phone.  You can get a flip out keypad for texting on other phones.  Same exact features (and a more frustrating format) as any regular ol' phone that isn't a smart phone.  It's cheap, and you get what you pay for.

I have had this phone for about 4 months now.  The main problem with the phone is that it randomly loads the browse and download page automatically A LOT.  Almost everytime I go to use the phone I have to dismiss that page.  The page also makes the phone come on until you dismiss it, which runs down the battery much faster.  In addition, the phone randomly comes on in the middle of the night with a voice talking to you about some feature you haven't yet downloaded.  Its a huge issue with this phone, and there are no fixes as of yet.  Search the issue online and see for yourself how many people are experiencing this frustrating issue with this phone.  Stay away.  It isn't worth the frustration.

After having this phone for only a few days the screen went black and had lines in it.  I sent it back and of course in order to not pay for another phone I had to replace the broke phone with the same model.  The replacement made it longer than the first phone.  Now he has trouble with the touch screen not working at all for weeks at a time.  The phone will come on anytime it wants to (like at school when it is not supposed to).  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I wanted a touch phone but didn't need or want a data plan.  Finally Verizon started offering one.  I've had my LG CT for about 3 months and love it.  I use it moderately for calls and texts only.  The battery life is very good.  I can usually go about 10 days between charges.  I did charge it fully, as instructed, as soon as I got it.  Getting the feel of the touch feature was part my learning curve. It's not as responsive as my iPad which is heat rather pressure sensitive. Adjusting to the difference, it's not a problem now..  It's very easy to use/navigate and should even be fine for my husband's large fingers.  Only con is camera - 1.3 vs. 3.0 with my 3-4 yr old LG.  Have no idea why they went backwards; you expect improvement with newer models. I've not experienced any of the problems that Mary reported.

The LG Cosmos Touch Phone has a touch screen. That's its claim to fame. It's in the name. So let's look at that first, shall we? It works pretty well. It's no iPhone touch screen, but it's all right. There's something weird about the responsiveness that I can't quite put my finger on (har har,) but it's not unworkable. Except for the fact that the touch screen can and will cause you to sporadically pocket-dial your friends, relatives, and co-workers. This usually happens right after you've made a call or sent a text. You have to be certain that the phone has locked immediately, or you have an excellent chance of pocket-dialing someone before it has the chance to auto-lock. It's usually the same person all the time, too. I've actually created a dummy entry in my contacts list to minimize pocket-dial damage. I just wanted to let you know what the touch screen was like in case you were buying the model for its touch screen.The included ringtones are basically awful. This is because they want you to buy expensive ringtones. Period, end of story. Nothing more to say about that.There is a camera built into this cell phone. It can take extremely blurry still shots. Every picture I have taken with this phone has been ridiculously blurry. The only reason to take a picture with this phone is if you see something so hilarious or striking that you absolutely have to take a picture of it, but be warned your friends may not be able to make out what the actual subject of the picture was when you show it to them later.Texting is...texting. Some people have problems with the small QWERTY keyboard. I have small hands, so that hasn't really been an issue for me, although I can tell that the keys are small and might pose a problem for average-sized male hands. You will have to clear your inbox regularly, although this is to be expected with any cheap phone. There are certain ways you can view your text messages that will cause your phone to display past messages as being from the wrong sender, but it's easy enough to notice, cancel, and generally avoid. Typing can be extremely laggy at times--sometimes I suspect that my phone is sending data or pinging an outside server while I am trying to type, which is not hard to believe at all with this phone.My experience with the battery life of the LG Cosmos Touch has been pretty positive. I only have to charge it every few days. However, you might not want to take my word for it, because there have been /very/ mixed reviews when it comes to battery life, and I don't doubt for a second that these people's experiences have been legitimate. All I can tell you is that when /my/ phone died, it was because I didn't charge it.The sound quality of this phone is not very good. It is frequently difficult to understand the person on the other end, but once again, it's a cheap phone, and I wasn't expecting the smoothest of performance or all the bells and whistles when I bought it.So, from what I've told you so far, this phone doesn't sound quite like one-star material, does it? I've pointed out some flaws, but nothing fatal yet. But if you've read many of the other reviews, I think you know what's coming.This device makes an acceptable phone, but that's just its secondary function. Ask any longtime LG Cosmos Touch user and he can tell you that this thing is an advertising machine first. Some people haven't had problems with this phone waking them up at ungodly hours with talk of navigational systems and all that. Maybe you'll be lucky and it won't. It did that to me at first, but for some reason it stopped--I probably inadvertently flipped the secret switch that turned it off, thank God, but I couldn't tell you how to do it again if you asked. And even if it doesn't, you'll be bombarded with ads at the bottom of your touch screen. You can press "Dismiss," but you still have to wait about 10 seconds for it to conveniently stall while you are forced to contemplate the advertisement. This often occurs when you "wake up" your phone to make a call. Imagine if you had to make a life-or-death ambulance call, and your phone was harassing you about some sort of weather app. Would the ads seem like a minor inconvenience then?LG was clever about the way they did these ads. They don't wake you up in the middle of the night -all- the time. So you might think, "Maybe I did something to cause it to go off. Maybe something bumped my phone and grazed the touch screen. After all, it doesn't do this every night, and whose phone talks by itself in the middle of the night anyway?" And you might disregard the late-night talking ads for a while, and they might even seep into your brain. It's not like you /really/ remember hearing the word 'Bing' last night at 2 AM before you hurled your phone against the wall, but maybe you just remember it enough to think of Bing next after your initial Google search doesn't yield the results you were looking for. Likewise, the pop-up ads don't occur /every/ time you wake up your phone. If they did, everyone who bought this phone would have attempted to return it on the first day. You see the ads just often enough that they become a major annoyance when they come up, but you can kind of forget about them between times, because you don't necessarily expect that an ad is going to pop up every time you attempt to dial a number on your phone. Because it doesn't. They're shrewd about it. They push the limits of your frustration, but try never to push them to the point that you will actually do something about the problem.This thing is not like the Kindle with special offers. Those are not comparable strategies or products. The Kindle with special offers replaces the generic Kindle screen saver with various ads. It doesn't interrupt your reading experience with commercials. It doesn't yell at you in the wee hours of the night. And best of all, it's /honest/ about the included advertising and the resulting reduction in price. Perhaps the worst thing about the LG Cosmos Touch is the way it sneaks these VERY intrusive and irremovable advertisements into the product without any kind of warning to the customer about what it is they're actually getting. If LG were totally honest, there would probably be no need for this kind of review.Please, trust me on this. Don't listen to these people who pop in to say the phone isn't that bad who have just had it for a few days. The more nefarious features are deliberately sneaky, and might be overlooked at first. I've had the LG Cosmos Touch--two of them, in fact--for literally years, and I know it inside and out. It's a big fat scam that might actually, conceivably hurt you in an emergency situation if you are interrupted by an ad that you cannot close before calling 911. I'm getting a new phone soon, and it can't happen quickly enough.

I haven't used the phone yet, but the shipping was FAST!  The website showed back order, and I didn't expect to receive the phone until sometime in mid-April.  I will definitely use Amazon Wireless for my future purchases.  I will update actual phone review, once we start using the phone.

Let me start off by saying this is an alright phone. I wish it didn't have this fatal flaw: Daily ScoopIf you buy this phone, you are going to get a lot of headaches, rude awakenings, surprise charges, and drained batteries. I and many others have tried to fix this problem with no resolve. Search lg daily scoop if you want to know more about it.The people that came up with this idea, to put shady malware on your phone, are total scum. I won't trust a phone from this carrier or manufacturer from this point on. Learn from our mistakes.Update: I was able to put an end to Daily Scoop by emailing them at their mobile posse email.Unfortunately, I am left with something worse:Every morning, between 3:30-4:30 in the morning, my phone turns on and starts talking about some advertisement. Same thing: I have to acknowledge the ad to put my phone back to sleep.This is beyond scummy. Can you image if your TV turned on at 3:30 in the morning to play a commercial for you? Well, my phone does that!Update: Annoying ads stopped about 4 months in. Which makes the phone just ok...It is still slow and sometimes unresponsive. Checking voicemail fails about 1/3 times. I think this phone is acceptable as a free phone now but at first it was a totally nightmare.

This is the worst cell phone EVER!  I can't understand what people are saying because the sound is so "tinny".  I had the phone replaced because I thought the speaker was bad, but the replacement is worse. My battery drains in less than a day on standby because the phone lights up for no reason, on and off, on and off.  Whenever I want to make a call I get a "wait while we initialize" screen and something, I don't know what, process is activated.  Can't turn this function off.  The touch screen is so fickle I touch a number or letter and the wrong number or letter pops up. When I want to scroll through my contact list, the screen names race by. When I try to slow it down, the phone activates the phone number and places a random call.  This is the worst phone I ever used. Don't buy this.  Don't even consider it.

When I got an account with Verizon over a year ago I just wanted a touchscreen phone that didn't require a data plan so got this phone. The phone worked great and I had no troubles out of it until about 2 weeks ago when the screen went out on it. The phone began by randomly shutting off for a few months and then it progressed to shutting off every time I would slide the keyboard out to text. The next day I let the phone completely die, since I was without my charger for the day. I plugged it in to charge and it never turned itself back on or charged. I took it to a Verizon store to find out that the screen died in it and they would send me a new one. I received the new one three days later in the mail and I've had nothing but trouble since.The "new" phone I received was not new but matter of fact it was a refurbished phone since this phone has since been discontinued. The phone worked great for the first week but now, one week after having the phone the phone has began to trouble me. Today it randomly cut off and since then has been a total of mess of troubles. I have the option clicked for the buttons to make sounds when I text/dial but they don't, it won't let me turn on the speaker phone, when I make an outgoing phone call I can't hear the dialing, and I can't hear the person on the other end talking although they can hear me. I have went to various rooms and outside thinking it was the signal but it isn't. I have also tried calling numerous people, landlines and cell phones. The phone has also randomly started calling the last person in my missed phone calls list, go to the voice command menu and the phone call menu randomly without me even clicking it.

My wife stuck with her previous phone - the LG Dare - as long as she could because she really liked it.  After 4+ years of use, it finally gave up, so she needed an upgrade and wanted another touchscreen phone.  We had no need for a data plan, so we looked at Verizon's basic phone lineup.  Unfortunately, the Cosmos Touch was the only touchscreen basic phone Verizon offered - and it is horrible.First, the good.  The phone is small enough not to be a bother in a pocket.  The screen, while small, works well enough.  Some complain about inaccuracy of the touchscreen, but after calibrating it, we've had no problems with that.  The slide-out keyboard slides smoothly and feels more solid than some other cheap phone keyboards I've used.  Call quality and reliability seems typical, as does battery life.  Not spectacular, but not poor.Now the bad.  I'll get straight to the point.  Pop-up ads.  Yes, on a basic phone.  At random times.  And you can do NOTHING about it.  Sleeping at 3 a.m.?  You must be interested in VZ Navigator more than your nightly rest.  Typing a text message?  Some Media Center apps must be for you... you didn't *really* need to finish that text anyway.  Apparently this is due to an application called "Daily Scoop."  This application pops up VOICE advertisements for various paid service features at random times, and there is nothing you can do about it.  We have even applied a data block to the phone, and it still pops up these ads.  You can imagine how happy we are to be awakened in the middle of the night to learn more about paid phone data services.  You cannot uninstall, remove, or block Daily Scoop.Research online shows that this is a common problem for seemingly every owner of this phone.  It is absolutely unacceptable, and what I would consider even fraudulent.  That flaw alone makes this phone absolutely not worth owning, although it's not the only problem.  Lack of a video camera - a widely standard feature in all phones these days - is also a negative.While the ridiculous lack of basic phone options is a problem with Verizon, this phone is absolutely not worth getting - period.  My suggestion would be to look online for a phone you like that is compatible with Verizon's network, and buy that.  Verizon should be offering free replacements to anyone who was suckered into buying this piece of trash.

I purchased theLG Cosmos Touch Phone (Verizon Wireless)for my fiance while deployed in Afghanistan. She seems to really enjoy her phone. Her only complaint is the battery life sucks. Especially if you are big on texting! I had to buy her a secondary battery to use as a back up if she was out somewhere and was not able to charge her phone. I would strongly recommend if you purchase this phone make sure you have a car charger, wall charger and maybe even a portable charger if not also a secondary backup battery. Besides that one problem she has been nothing but satisfied with her phone.

I've had this phone for over a year now and I love it.  It works great; I've had no problems with it.  There are no scratches on the screen (and I don't take extra special care of it), calls are clear and aren't dropped, the keyboard is good for texting (I don't text, but I use it for making grocery lists in the Notepad section), ring volume is good (I keep it on low all the time and I have no issues), dialing on the touch screen is easy, and the battery life is excellent.  There are only two things about the phone that could be better: 1) the camera is not high quality (and there's no video), and 2) a couple times, the phone called someone by itself in my pocket.  I also don't like the "please say a command" function, but unless I accidentally hit the button, it doesn't affect me at all.Overall, it's a great, simple phone.  Obviously, it's not a smartphone and doesn't have those extra features, but as a phone for making phone calls or texting, it's great.

I love this phone! Granted, I have only had it for a few days, and I have not had a problem with it popping up ads in the middle of the night. I love the touchscreen, and the keyboard for texting is great, although it's a little smaller than what I'm used to (I used to have the env touch). I only use phones for texting, calling, and taking pictures...so it's perfect for me! It does not let you take videos though, just to warn you. That doesn't bother me but I know it might bother some other people. It is definitely loud enough, but I wish it had some better ringtones. It lets you post facebook statuses and pictures for the cost of a text (or if you have unlimited texts it's free) as well as some other websites like myspace and twitter (which I don't use). I got a gel snap-on case and a screen protector so there's no problem there, but I can't tell you how great it holds up without them because I have no idea. Overall I think it's a great phone! I am not too picky though, I just wanted to make sure I had a touch screen and a keyboard to text with...so I'm happy! Oh, and I personally think the battery life is really good. It stays charged way longer than my env touch ever did.

Please do not buy this phone. If you are thinking of buying this phone i am warning you not to. The touchscreen is terribly inaccurate and lags too often. The camera is decent but does not take videos. It is fairly easy to navigate and can be altered in display and sound to your liking, but, in my experience with this device, I programmed wallpapers and ring tones and the phone seemed to forget or disregarded what I had programmed.

I read many, many reviews before I purchased this "feature" phone---some of them were very bad. I made my choice based on the You-Tube video reviews I watched; which were for the most part very positive. I am extremely pleased with this phone; it's a great step-up for me with the touch screen and querty keyboard, and I didn't want a data plan. It took me a couple weeks to get used to it; but now I love it. The camera[1.3 mega-pixels]should be better, but the pictures are sharp, and suit me just fine[we have an expensive Sony digital camera, anyway!]. I highly recommend the Cosmos Lg touch as a nice step-up without a data plan. Sincerely, EMS

I've been a customer of Verizon for about 10 years. I have always been satisfied with the phones that they sold me so when this phone came out I thought it would be great. It has been hands down the worst phone I have ever owned. It has slow responses, it sometimes resets itself when switching from regular to QWERTY pad, it drops calls, has lousy sound, lousy reception, and constantly asks me to buy online apps. I went to the Verizon store asking how to get it to stop and they had no solutions. I'm thinking of switching back to my old phone because almost every day I state how much I hate this phone when it does something else stupid. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this disaster.

I don't know if I just got a bad batch, but I have had this phone replaced twice and each time (I've had three of them) they keep lighting up every 5 minutes at most (sometimes every 10 seconds) which wastes my battery, making me wake up to a dead phone.  It also pops up with a screen that I can access in the phone.  Verizon has no clue why these phone keeps popping this screen up, it's a basic media center option.  It pops up and I have to close it out before doing anything with my phone (which I have to close out more than 10 times a day).I do not recommend this phone! Unless I just got really unlucky with a really bad batch!

Sure this phone is a big buggy, but it's got a slide out keyboard and generally works just fine. The touchscreen is relatively responsive, and I was just thrilled to buy a phone for $0.01 on Amazon. I like the phone enough that I've kept it for about six months.But, as the teenybopper crowd would say, I am so over it.Unsolicited AND AUDIBLE messages from "Verizon Mobile Email" and "VZ Navigator" at 2am to 5am are par for the course, as other reviewers have noted. We've tried everything to turn them off (and my husband is tech savvy), and the only solution is to turn the phone off at night. Using the "alarm only" setting will solve the problem of hearing a random woman's voice at 2am, but the message insists on action before it allows the phone to go dark again. In other words, if you ignore the message/sleep through it, your cell phone screen will light up for several hours until you do take action, and by that time your battery will be drained. Again, I've had this phone for six months and am still receiving these messages. They will stop for a few weeks (whew!) only to start back up nightly for another round of fun.I thought this wouldn't bother me too much. I was very wrong. Don't buy a phone with this issue, especially if you keep your phone by your bed at night!

My wife got this phone a little over a week ago at the same time I got an Incredible 2. So far it has been functioning pretty well; no butt dialing or texting. And so far Daily Scoop has not bothered her at all. However, this is obviously not the case with all of these units so if I were you I would probably get another basic messaging phone such as the Intensity II. If you choose this phone, good luck!I will update this review in December.

Last February I unfortunately had to upgrade from my LG Voyager to this, for lack of a better word, garbage. Now I am not biased towards smartphones because I've never had one and I really did love my Voyager. I did some browsing on the internet and decided on the LG Cosmos Touch (I didn't want to pay for a data plan). Coming from a touch phone I really wanted another. Let me just get to the point, I've never dealt with such a worse electronic device in my life. There are countless issues and glitches that never seem to stop. At first I thought that I was just spoiled because of my Voyager but I've grown to despise the LG Cosmos Touch.Pros:-It is very durable. The thing is like a brick. It has survived falls and mishandling. You can tell that the, outside at least, is well made.-The option to view texts by conversation (although I did end up disabling this, for more information read the con section)-Holds a lot of texts, pictures, and contacts-Battery lasts through the entire day- I charge it every night.Con: Where do I start?-The entire phone is slow. When I'm typing on the touch screen or keyboard it can never keep up. By the time I'm done typing "Hello, how are you?" it will be stuck at "Hello, how are" and you have to wait for it to catch up. The phone used to take about 5 seconds from when you pressed a button until it actually opened. I stopped viewing texts by conversations because it would go like this: click the message icon (wait 5 seconds), click the person's name whose conversation you want to see (wait 5 seconds), click the text you actually want to read (wait 5 seconds). Now I just click the message icon and then the text. This problem became a little resolved when an update occured- but it's still slow.-MAJOR GLITCHES. I'll view a text and it'll glitch with other texts in my inbox so it'll end up saying it was a text from someone else. It becomes extremely confusing. So the text from your friend saying "lets hang out" will show up as being from your mom saying "lets hang out". A phone should not do this!!!-Randomly deletes texts. There's no pattern to this. It can be a text you just read or a text that was from a week ago. Doesn't just delete one text either, but the entire conversation. It really becomes a pain.-The lock button really isn't that effective. My phone is always changing the clock, switching up my favorites, and calling people in my phone book in my pocket. I always lock the phone but it's not good enough.-Dropped calls! This one has become increasingly worse. 9/10 of my calls are dropped. I do not live in an area without service. I never had this problem before this phone. I have updated the new service bars in my area but it doesn't work. People around me always have better reception.-Doesn't receive texts sometimes. This problem doesn't occur constantly but it is enough to cause concern.-The physical keyboard's keys are really small. I have tiny fingers but it still causes me trouble. So be wary.-Randomly shuts off while sending texts. Oh this is my favorite because that 3 page text you just wrote on the worlds-slowest-phone is now gone and you have to re-type it all.Now I've had this phone for almost a year so I can assure you that my review is an accurate description of someone who has had to deal with it for a while. Those positive reviews probably come from people who haven't had the phone that long yet.Stay away from buying this.

I was quite skeptical to buy this phone based on the mixed reviews I had read.  So far I have had no problems with this phone.  My biggest fear was the Daily Scoop.  It does pop up once per day, but there is no sound, so I simply dismiss the message.  It's really not a big deal.I love the touch.  It is not as sensitive as my Kindle Fire, but I knew that when I purchased the phone.All in all, I am very pleased.

Purchased three of these phones for a family plan about 3 months ago. I have no problem with operating this phone but after only two months, the touch screen on one of the phones stopped working (the display came on but the touch screen didn't function). Since the phone was still under warranty we were sent a replacement. Two weeks later, the touch screen on the replacement phone died, just went dark. The keyboard is illuminated and the phone rings/buzzes when a text or call comes in, but screen is still dark so it's useless. The very next day the same thing happened on one of the other phones. Verizon promptly replaced those two as well. I'm waiting and almost expecting something to happen to the 3rd phone. Verizon customer service is very good but it seems there is an issue with these phones and I'm worried what is going to happen once the warranty expires. It's all just one big headache!

My wife needed a phone for texting and calls only and this phone performs both better than expected. Keyboard makes texting easy, calls are clear thru the earpiece and in speaker mode. Screen is clear, touch took 1 day to master and we found the phone to be very intuitive. The phone is compact and appears to be well made. I would not get this phone for internet or data as it is not 3g capable. I would recomend this phone to anyone who only wants to call and text.Amazon wireless was excellent, delivery was very fast. We had the phone 2 days after ordering.

After suffering through flip-phone hell I finally hit the "new phone" promotion period and picked up this terd, the LG Cosmos touch. This phone is all about features if you are looking for a phone to freeze up on you and be rendered useless regularly.  Further, the screen is designed so poorly, it can become unlocked in your pocket.  I've officially made more unintentional calls than real calls with this crap device. Also, want a phone that looks like it sends texts, but it actually doesnt...well this baby is for you.You know that verizon is terrible when it comes to equipment negotiations, so before you're stuck with this phone, which outside of functioning as a stellar paperweight, is completely worthless.

This phone must be the worst ever.  I bought it for the texting keyboard, but it's been a nightmare.  At random times, the browse and download menu comes up, draining the battery.  At 5:00 A.M. I was woken up by a cheery voice coming from my phone offering me the exciting opportunity to use Facebook.  I have the Daily Scoop shut off.  I have disabled downloads.  Nothing seems to help.  This phone is awful, awful, awful.  There are several forums at LG.  Here is one ...  [...]I'm going to try to return it to the Verizon store but I don't know if they'll take it back. I wish I had read reviews before I went to the Verizon store. Don't buy it!!

Both my wife and son got this Cosmos Touch in May 2011, which is only a half years ago.First, the batteries die very quickly. Since my son is a teenager, he texts pretty frequently. However, his text plan is 500 messages per month and he tries not to exceed it, so I don't think his texting amount is too much. As for calling, I have never seen him talking more than a few minutes. However, his phone's battery dies in 24 hours now.My wife seldom calls and never texts, but the battery dies in two days.After only a half year of use, we are thinking to replace at least my son's, because we cannot often contact him because of the dead battery.Except for that, they are pretty nice phones. Both my wife and son enjoyed listening to music when the phones were new.However, I would not recommend this Cosmos Touch.

This phone has SO many problems.... Where do I begin?The one thing that I found odd was that I LOVE the battery life. A lot of texting and 1-2 calls per day, and it's battery lasts about 4 days!My biggest problems with LG Cosmos Touch--Random blackouts when keyboard is slid open- Cannot text to iPhones (Say I text "Hey Mom, can you pick me up?", it might come through as "9$$(IP@I&%#*)@)JFH" to her phone)- Touch Screen unresponsive even right after being calibrated- It randomly turns on after being turned off for several hours (this is my biggest problem, as if my phone makes noise during class, I can get into a LOT of trouble!- Randomly lights up when sleeping- maybe this is why people complain of the battery life-Annoying ads that pop up without warning (daily scoop, anyone?)- Doesn't charge using a USB cable into computer- Easily "pocket calls"The only thing I enjoy is the battery life.. I really can't complain about it.Currently, I am on my 2nd LG Cosmos touchI went into a Verizon store on January 1st to tell of my problems, and they offered to send a 3rd replacement phone. I'm not sure how this is going to help, as I have read squillions of bad reviews, but I'll keep an open mind!Overall, this coming from a young person who's used to changing technology, this phone stinks! Buy yourself one of those nice senior phones with about 12 buttons, and you'll have a better phone experience!UPDATE-My new phone from Verizon arrived today..This phone is even buggier then the last one, plus I lost ALL MY CONTACTS AND PICTURES!!Also, the FUN daily scoop is now permanently on my phone.. HOORAY! I just love having that voice around every ten minutes!Its also refurbished, and the keyboard is really buggy.Thanks for another piece of poo, Verizon!

The LG Cosmos Touch is an "almost" smart phone without the price or data plan. It is everything that I needed and wanted. I almost didn't purchase it after reading some of the reviews, but I'm glad I bought it. I've been using it for several months and will list the pro's and con's that I've noticed so far.Cons:A few random pocket dials- if you put it in your pocket without locking it up it will surely pocket dial someone or will at least end up on some random screen.The buttons on the keyboard are slightly small for my stubby fingers, although I can text just fine - minor complaintTouch pad is not as sensitive as a smart phone, so you have to put a little pressure on the phone to move things around, which can cause an accidental selection of something.Pros:No data plan!Very capable MP3 player-possibly the best feature of the phone. I'm not sure what other reviewers were complaining about (there might have been an earlier version of the phone that didn't have a decent MP3 player). I can download MP3 files to the phone with no problem. I can categorize by: songs, playlists, artists, genres, and albums. It functions great!Very good speaker for listening to music in the office or whatever - it sounds much better than the relatively cheap external speaker I bought.Micro SD card.Headphone Jack.Mostly intuitive.If you want an "almost" smart phone without the added fees, this is a great choice. Once you get used to the idiosyncrasies (touch pad pressure, avoiding pocket dialing) this is a great phone with a good keyboard, MP3 player, great battery life (so far), and a great feel.

I could not have said this better myself:"Now the bad. I'll get straight to the point. Pop-up ads. Yes, on a basic phone. At random times. And you can do NOTHING about it. Sleeping at 3 a.m.? You must be interested in VZ Navigator more than your nightly rest. Typing a text message? Some Media Center apps must be for you... you didn't *really* need to finish that text anyway. Apparently this is due to an application called "Daily Scoop." This application pops up VOICE advertisements for various paid service features at random times, and there is nothing you can do about it. We have even applied a data block to the phone, and it still pops up these ads. You can imagine how happy we are to be awakened in the middle of the night to learn more about paid phone data services. You cannot uninstall, remove, or block Daily Scoop.Research online shows that this is a common problem for seemingly every owner of this phone. It is absolutely unacceptable, and what I would consider even fraudulent. That flaw alone makes this phone absolutely not worth owning, although it's not the only problem. Lack of a video camera - a widely standard feature in all phones these days - is also a negative.While the ridiculous lack of basic phone options is a problem with Verizon, this phone is absolutely not worth getting - period. My suggestion would be to look online for a phone you like that is compatible with Verizon's network, and buy that. Verizon should be offering free replacements to anyone who was suckered into buying this piece of trash."LG Cosmos Touch Phone (Verizon Wireless)

this was my second phone, when i was at the store picking out this phone, i wanted it becuase it was a touch screen and everyone wants the newest items. i picked this phone out and was really happy with it. everyone was jelouse of my phone, and i was happy.well after a few hours of having this phone, i noticed that it opens up this app, that i did not get. it takes 30+ seconds to close and that makes me mad. i am a 13 year old who doesnt care about gas in a town i dont even live by. and it always makes me try to do these sereys.it also will send me messages twice or more. i will be holding my phone and notice that it goes off more then once really fast. when i open the messages it shows me that i got the same message twice or more times. and that makes me mad because it takes up a lot of space. and also well... its not supose to do that.whenever i try to text on the keyboard, it lags. it lags by like 30 seconds. and that makes me mad becuase if i slid the phone shut, it stops typing the message. then i have to re type the message. and that is a waste of my time. also when i type things like 1/2 it will mess up and change it to 11/22 and i dont want that. it makes it hard for me to make fractions/ decimals. and the more i type in a message, it messes up the words. it could be a sentence like "yeah i like that to" and it will come out "yahh i lk he oo" and well.. yeah no.the touch screen also sucks. it doent always work and you have to press hard to make it work. and the screen is small. it just isnt what i thought it would be when i saw it in the store.the phone will also freeze all the time. and i have to take out the battery.this phone sucks. its not the phone you want. just spend the extra 30$ a month and get a smart phone. get a phone you will be happy with.

I've had a LG EnV (yes the little maroon brick) for over 3 years. I LOVE this phone. I have no reason to switch to a smart phone because I have internet access at work and home. Last December, I had an upgrade and decided to go with the Cosmos because I wanted the option of a touch screen with a keyboard. I had the phone for about a month before I realized what a terrible mistake I'd made. I read some of the other reviews about pop-ups, which thankfully I did not experience. I had Social Beat and paid for the required data plan although I did not want it, and it never even updated for the whole month I had it. I tried refreshing it, and still nothing so I just quit using it. The texting was horrible. If I had somewhere around 100 messages lingering in my box, it would slow my text time down to a painfully slow crawl. You know when you're computer is running slowly and you try to type something and it shows up one letter at a time? Yeah, that was my phone in a nutshell. Pretty aggrivating when you are trying to send a long text or respond quickly to something.That was another thing I hated...the buttons are SO small and so close together, although having the phone a month or so, I NEVER got used to the keyboard. I was constantly and (very slowly) typing jibberish.I finally gave up and sold the peice of junk on Ebay. I went back to my old phone since Verizon offered no other alternative to me. I fought with them quite a few times, arguing that I was basically 'an unhappy customer who wasted a long awaited upgrade on garbage' and they basically told me 'Too bad'. I feel the LEAST they could have done was offer me an early upgrade option, but no, nothing. So that was in December 2010, and I now have to wait until July 2012 to get another upgrade. Jokes on them though, because I'm not going to be renewing with them because of that.My EnV on the other hand is a great phone and has been with me through thick and thin all these years. It shuts off randomly once in awhile, but I'd rather have that happening then to own the Cosmos!

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  If you do not have a data plan, the phone will continuously keep pinging the servers only to find out you don't have a data plan.  This causes the phone to run the battery down very fast.  Must keep the phone plugged in almost all the time to compensate for this.  LG knows this, Verizon Knows this, Neither will fix it.

I just got mine today and so far so good. I did a lot of reading about it and watching Youtube videos before I decided to buy. The reviews were mixed but I went ahead anyway. I knew it was going to be small which is ok because I don't particularly want a big clunky phone anyway. I don't usually like touch screens but this one is pretty good. I don't hit the wrong icon as much as I thought I would. However, I'm not fan of the keyboard because it's slippery and I have to apply more pressure than I did with my Intensity. Also, there's no video camera which isn't a big problem for me. I haven't experienced any problems that other reviewers have had *knock on wood* such as it restarting when you close the keyboard when sending a text or sending texts to the wrong person. A lot of people complain about the camera but it looks pretty good to me. My pictures look better than they did on my other phone. I haven't and probably won't use the mobile web so I can't speak on that but overall I think it's a nice, simple starter phone for touch screen first timers like myself.
