
I ordered this phone to replace the one I had and really liked. The phone shipped and I got it in great time I did not expect it so soon and with this I was able to have my phone up and going again with no problems. Thanks for the speedy delivery. The ad said slightly used and they were right no dings or marks or scratches.. Thanks again I have been very happy with the phone and service

Like the phone had this type before and easy to use but the charger they sent isn't the one for the phone when pluggedin.  The phone reads this cable is not recommended for phone. Go figure.

Alright.. I bought this phone a few weeks ago. I was under the impression it did NOT need a data package. When I finally got it(it took about 2 weeks for them to actually ship it) I tried to switch my current phone to the Lg Env3. I tried doing over the internet and verizon decided to tell me it needed a data package. I was like, "fml" I just payed $100.00 for the damn phone and the accesories. On top of that, I threw away all of the paper work. I then decided to go in to the actual verizon store. The guy told me it would be an extra $10.00 a month(which honestly isn't much) for this phone. I continued to tell him that I had done a ton of research and it doesn't need the data package to work properly. He continued to tell me I needed to pay the extra $10 for 2gb of data. Rip off.. Lol. I wasn't about to stop there. When I got home I called customer service. After explaining my situation, the guy I was on the phone with told me it did NOT need the data package and he could take it off for me. Thank the lord. Anyways, lonog story short, this phone does NOT need a data package. Just call the customer service and they will help you out and take the data package off. Here is the number I called:507-385-3300. Ask for Brandon. He's phanominal.

The phone did not hold a charge even with a different, and brand new battery.The charger cord that came with the phone was not recognized by the phone.The phone was 3 years old and had had several different numbers on it (mileage)In the 'phone settings' there was bogus information about a warranty.

i am not into smart phones.. so I didn't need one of those. this phone had all that I was looking for very pleased with my purchase

They have poor customer service, and are not helpful at all.Phone was defective and they were down right rude with me when I tried to find out what I could do about it.  They said basically &#34;too bad&#34;.  Terrible customer service!

I had an LG enV before, and finally it died, probably for lack of a good battery. This one is a bit higher tech but works the same, and is just as good. My needs are simple; talk or text; I do use the camera and it is quite good...always amazes me what technology can do these days! The only odd thing was that the charger, once plugged in, says that it is not compatible with the phone, even though it does the job! Love the keyboard, too.

exactly what we wanted.  good, solid cell phone perfect for teens.  GREAT price.  i plan to purchase another for my other daughter.  thank you!

i still havent got my money back.. i had to go buy another phone! said was going to send money back but never did!!

The keys are a little smaller that the ones on the phone it replaced but all in all, it is just what my wife wanted.

THE LG ENV3 PHONE IS A PERFECT REPLACEMENT PHONE OR GREAT FOR SOMEONE WHO DOES NOT WANT TO GET A DATA PLAN.

I have no complaints.  It was exactly as described and is serving its purpose well.  It has a couple of tiny scratches on it, but it is used.  The price was right.

This is a great phone for some one who is not looking for a fancy phone that requires an expensive data package.Works great and has a decent camera. Easy to text on. It needs to be in some kind of case because if it drops it scratches easily.

Ive had the Envy...the Envy2. The Envy 3. The Envy touch and id never buy another one..kept getting same type of phone when it messed up..none of them worked for long..something went wrong with all...I really hoped the next one wd work right.really liked the phone.

the music player is so very low you bearly can hear it if you want a music player dont buy this phone its only a phone for talking buy a music player byitself

I love this phone.  Battery lasts several days.  Best part is since it has another screen after opening, this screen never gets scratched.  Good email access.  Never had any trouble.  I love everything about this phone and would highly reccomend.

need a clip holder for my lg envy 3 phone.hard to find and i keep breaking it.... so please help.

Love, love, LOVE my new phone!! After going through 3 phones in my quest to find one that works, this one was the icing on my cake. Works great, looks great and the price was good. Thank you!!

My son loves this phone.  Works great and is reliable.  The flip open keyboard is great for texting.  Takes good photos.

Verizon Wireless won't let you use this phone without a $30 data package. If you are on the Alltel prepaid plans that Verizon took over, then you will have to switch over to a Verizon plan before you can use the phone.

I am so fortunate that I was able to find this on amazon. I don't like using &#34;smart phones&#34; and I don't like using them for the internet, but this phone is easy and no big fee's attached to it. I would even go as far as purchasing another one just to keep, in case mine or my husband's goes out.

This was purchased as a replacement for my old enV3, works exactly as I expected, brand new in the box, works beautifully, battery lasts three days.

For some reason the phone stopped working and I had to send it back.. The company was timely in its response to me and allowed me to send back with no problem.  Really liked the phone at first and would consider ordering this brand again.

I love this cell, i had the Env2, but i like the Env3 even more! :)cell phone works great, great price too!

same phone I have had for 4yrs...works great for what I use it for....cant ask for more then that  I really happy

Good basic phone. Choose it got it's flip open keyboard. Good styling, small and compact. Gives my son experience with a bit more tech before moving up to a smartphone.

This is a womderful model phone which I thought I was purchasing new.  The battery holds no charge, so I will have to buy a new one, the charging cord reads incorrect for the model and I feel I purchased a used model although that was not the claim.  This definitely puts me off buying something based on someone else's description!  Purchased through an approved Amazon  dealer.

Edit: 091913Please read the comments after my review.  My experience with Verizon was inconsistent after having spoken with several more customer service reps.  One explained that the enV3 was indeed compatible with prepaid plan....for $50-70 per month: about the same price as a low-end data package for this phone.  Another just plain wouldn't offer a pre-paid plan at all.  Verizon is schizophrenic with regard to this phone.  I continue to look for the $35/month plan explained to me at the Verizon store.Further, my review can't be about the phone itself because of conflicting activation information.  I submitted this review because I felt that activation issues were just as important as the phone's performance and features.  That, and if you've been encouraged to buy this phone because it's supposed to qualify for a Verizon pre-paid plan, you should also know that those monthly fees are probably going to be more expensive than even the Verizon store managers actually know.  This is important for people on lower, fixed incomes who want a decent, modest phone with a tactile keyboard who can't afford a data package.____________________________I bought two of these phones recently based on advice from the Verizon store near me.  I explained that I used wireless very little and mostly for texting.  I wanted a dedicated qwerty board.  So, I tried to to activate the phone today and three different folks at Verizon (online) told me that the ENV3 is NOT considered a "basic" cell phone and requires a data package account.  What that means is that instead of $35/month for a basic phone (LG Cosmos, et. al.), the least charge for an ENV3 is $70 with a $60 activation fee.  Verizon considers the ENV3 a "data-ready" phone, the same as a smart phone!Misinformation from Verizon stores sucks! I'm not sure who's responsible for the misinformation but I think I'll just take a little hike down to Walmart to see what they've got.Live and learn I guess.

Speaker phone was the only thing that worked on this phone. If it didn't work they should not sell it as working.

Great Phone ! Like the color.  I bought this phone for my mom becasue I had one before, it is Very user friendly

The phone they sent me turns off by its self at least 20 times a day. After a week of having it the speaker on the front went out so now I can only talk on speaker phone to make calls. To charge this piece of crap you have to have it sitting a certain way or it won't charge. The company sent chargers with it that are not recommend to use for the phone ( this message displays every time I plug it up to charge it). Don't waste your money!!!

When one broke I bought another. I have had several over the years. My error two times and dropped another. But it is so easy to use. I often feel smarter than my smart phone friends.

It was the phone that fit my needs.not many peoplewould be interested in that type of phone so I don'tthink I would have to worrry about recommendingthis phone to anyone.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old daughter. It is a nice looking phone, works great for texting, and does not need to be connected to the internet. Perfect for her needs. Service was prompt!

I really did love this phone,, but sadly had to return it as  I was not able to activate it... but the service was great,  no problem when I needed to return it..

I had this phone before and I like all the features so I bought another one since the sound on the first one broke after 2 yrs. and the phone was no longer available at the Verizon store.  I hate smart phones!

Love this compact DUMB phone....if you don't want a smart phone this is for you...Great texting phone, nice and compact fits right in your pocket..

Good simple luddite phone which has some nice functions...  But the pesky thing loves to play hooky.  It keeps losing service and the IT folks can't solve it.  And it likes to die and do a lot of other glitchy things.  As a matter of fact, about all this phone does is glitch.  It does have some good features, but yet, it's so unreliable that I do not recommended it.

The LG NV3 is a sturdy device. It does what I need it to do and I love it! I had the NV2 and don't want a smartphone. The NV3 allows me to go online if I choose and has all of the features that I need. I'm very happy with this phone.

This phone was the same as the one we lost, except for the location of the space bar.  works very well.

It does the job; makes and receives calls and text, has a speakerphone (though I can't seem to find a way to adjust the volume on that function), &#34;real&#34; keyboard for typing and access to VZ navigator when you need it.The only down side is the earphone / headset jack. It's a 2.5mm instead of the more common 3.5mm size. But luckily this unit is Bluetooth capable so a Bluetooth headset would definitely work with this.If you just need a good basic phone, I'd highly recommend that you consider this one.

Don't bother wasting your money on this phone - the blue tooth on mine never worked - wouldn't hold a charge for more than two hours!  Sent it back with authorization label which made me pay return postage and then I was refunded $34 for a phone I paid $69.99.  Totally frustrating experience all the way around.

This was for my teenage son and he uses it ALL THE TIME!  It came used which we knew and he has definitely USED it and a year later, it is still working :)

I have a touchscreen AT&T; phone and I like it fine. But I needed another phone, for a new Verizon Wireless 2nd account. I didn't plan to use it very much. It was supposed to be a home phone replacement, in the place of an AT&T; landline (no more copper wires, thank you very much).Anyway, I like this so much even over the other touchscreen phone I have. I may take the time to switch it over to regular mobile use (e.g. sending out msgs saying I'm going with a new phone number, etc., etc.).The qwerty keyboard is nice, and far easier to use than any touchscreens I've seen so far. I send more texts than anything else, about 90 to 180 an month, even more sometimes. Although voice is great, texting is just handier and less time consuming, and it gets the job done far far better -- especially when you can type fast enough without retyping those mishits on touchscreens.Everything about this phone is great, overall quality, voice sound, music, on-board tools, battery life, added features, and especially the keyboard. I'd definitely tell a friend to get one. It's for certain an older phone, but it has it's advantages over touchscreens and the tricky smartphones that might take over your real life (they're too quirky). I like keeping it simple, but still be able to do all the things most people like to do, including a GPS app. At a fraction of the price of a droid, touchscreen, there are enough bells, whistles, and gongs to keep you in the mainstream without throwing 600 bucks down the drain.

Version said the phone was bad. It was what they called a &#34;Burn Phone&#34; which means it was lost/stolden or customer didn't pay there bill.  Had to get another one from another site.

I like the simple key pad on the front for calls and I love the texting keyboard when you flip it open.  It is easy to use and I have learned to navigate all the basics. I like that I can send one text to multiple people. For my first texting phone I am very happy. I am an older, less technologically gifted person if that helps.

I Clicked On Brand New And They Sent Me  Used One That Is Scratched Up.  I Followed Directions On How To Place A Return And Heard Nothing!

We bought this as an emergency use phone so rarely use it.  After having been spoiled by my Samsung Galaxy S4, what can I say? It's not in the same class or category, and so last century!!!  But for the kind of phone it is, it's among the very best.  If you aren't going to get a Smart Phone, and just want a more basic phone, this is it.  That said, you can still text, receive data, browse the internet, load music on it, and so on.  The qwerty key board is nice but small.  For an older guy like me...well, I have to find my reading glasses to use it.  Still, I recommend it for good back-up or basic phone.

This was purchased to be a starter phone for our child. We have a very basic phone plan, talk and text only, which this phone is excellent for. The phone is very durable, looks nice, and was in excellent condition when we received it.

The phone is very scratched and beat up.  I'm really disappointed.  The phone part works so I kept it for that reason, just to get me by until I can upgrade. I overpaid $29 for junk.  When I had my contacts transferred over they looked in shock that I actually paid for this phone.  I'm usually easy to please, but I would not buy from this company again.

I really like this phone. It looks great, easy to use and is light. Highly recommend this cell cool phone.

I ordered this for my daughter. I received the phone way before promised and my daughter loves the phone. No problems whatsoever.

I received my phone quickly and am extremely happy with it. If you are a texter and do not use a smart phone, this is the phone for you.

Visual voicemail volume low can barely hear it, but other than that will serve it's purpose! Saved me from buying new contract .

I had a horrible phone from Verizon, but I bought this one and improved my life considerably. I love the font size option and how this phone works. It is very sturdy and by buying here I can now get out of my contract anytime with Verizon. I love the power. I'll just keep buying my phones on line.

We bought this phone for texting purposes and it works fine.  However, it does not seem very sturdy.  Hopefully it will last a year.

I got rid of my smartphone and replaced it with this basic texting phone. I like this phone, it does everything i need it too. The keyboard has a good feel to it and feels comfortable.

I brought this phone for my 12 yr old daughter for Christmas. I wanted a phone that did not require me to purchase a data plan. She was going to use this phone to text her friends and make phone calls, so this phone does everything I need it to do. It looks good and smalll enough she can throw it in her pocket. I am very satified with my purchase.

I wanted a phone without all the bells and whistles. I just want to talk and text.  This phone is just what I wanted.  Simple, real keys, I push a button, it does what I want.

I got this phone when I was 13 years old and I absolutely LOVED it. Sadly, the middle button was torn off but that was only because I dropped it several, several, SEVERAL times. When I turned 16 this year, it was time for me to get an upgrade. I got the HTC Incredible 2 Android Smart phone. To be honest, as much as I love my new phone, I would much rather have the enV3 over ANY phone. If I had the choice between choosing an iPhone 4s that I would never have to pay for or an enV3, I would defiantly have to choose the enV3. This phone is a PERFECT size and has an excellent keyboard. This is perfect for texting. The only flaw about this phone are the ringtones... But other than that, GREAT BASIC PHONE :)

Had one previously.  Dropped it in the Lake.  Was used to its functions.  So, bought a replacement.Received it as new and am using it successfully.  No problems.

I love this phone.  Initially I had this identical phone which I purchased from Verizon.  I wanted to purchase a similar one a few years later, however Verizon had discontinued it.  I found it on Amazon, read the reviews and thought I would try it.  I have been enjoying it for about six weeks, with absolutely no problem at all.  The battery stays charged up, and it did not take a long time to charge when I initially began using it.  The screen size is just fantastic when using the various features.  Cannot say enough "GREAT" things about this phone.

Phone works great I like that the battery and the back cover are one piece. Great phone for texting. You don't need a data plan.

Thank you, the phone was in great shape and I thought it would have small damaged spots but it was rare spot that i didnt see.

I received this a lot sooner than I thought I would.  It has been a great phone. No problems with the phone.

Inside screen stopped working after 2 months of use. I never dropped it or damaged it, it just stopped working one day.  If the inside screen doesn't work, there is no way to read longer text messages or delete old messages, which eventually means the inbox will fill up and you can no longer recieve texts

I got this product and it quite working in less then one week. I got the product in great timing in the excact condition it was posted. It just started having internal mechanical problems within 1 week of purchase.

This phone seems really nice.  A lot of people like it and give it good reviews.I think it will be very good.  I also appreciated that it was shipped quickly and arrived early.However, I purchased this expecting it to be &#34;brand new&#34;.  Upon opening it I could see it was very lightly used.Nothing major.  And as I mentioned it looks good and should work great.  I was just a little dissapointed is all.

I had this phone previously but lost it.  Thought I'd modernize my life by getting a Smartphone.  Big mistake.  Hated the &#34;upgrade&#34; from day one.  Had to be charged continuously.  It would freeze, change screens, drop calls, etc.  Wanted my LG Env phone back.  A little apprehensive about ordering a refurbished one but took the plunge anyway.  One of the best decisions I've made.  The &#34;refurbished&#34;  phone looks brand new and it does everything I ask it to.  Battery lasts three times as long as my previous phone.  Discovered I really didn't need all the bells & whistles.  Sometimes a phone's primary task needs to be 'just a phone' first,, follwed by texting/games/music, etc. Was delivered quickly and as advertised.  I love ordering from Amazon.

this was represented as new, but it was reconditioned.  and the antennas reception was terrible.  it would be nice to have a replacement.

ive always wanted this phone. bought it on amazon and fell in love. best $ spent thats for sure. so far no issues. i love it.

This is the greatest cell phone.  My first one was under contract with Verizon and I had it many years till I broke the speaker.. I was so happy to be able to replace it through Amazon.. Just the greatest phone.

I purchased this for my youngest son. He didn't need something that could fly the space shuttle or anything - just something to make and receive calls and test messages. Even as a used phone, this phone worked out great for him (up until it got crushed by a car, that is). I suppose it could be considered a border-line smart phone - I don't know - but it has a lot of nice options, it's a solid phone, held its charge for quite a while, and was easy and intuitive to use.

This phone was suppose to be a reburb phone and the old number from person who owned beforewas nt taken out so I couldn't activate and the screen was all scatched up couldn't see main screen !! had to send back !!

I purchased this phone on Amazon from  a seller. The phone came in a generic Verizon box with a charger and  a USB based charger. It also came with a 4 page pamphlet on how to use it. I went online to the Verizon website and downloaded the user's guide. It was actually easy to set ringtones, answer features, etc without it. It's a nice phone if you don't want a smart phone but need/like to text.My husband went to a Verizon store to activate the phone for me. My old phone was over 7 years old and I wanted to get a plain phone but with texting capabilities. Things went OK till I got my first bill. I noticed they had added a data plan ($10/month)!!! I called Verizon that night and told them to take the data plan off since I didn't not want it or need it. Again, as some other reviewer said, this phone DOES NOT need a data plan!!! I'm really upset that the person at the store added a plan and DID NOT even say anything to my husband before doing so!!!!

Got this phone for my son after he got his other phone wet. We got it & took it to the Verizon Store, but didn't have too. if you call Verizon's number they will make the switch, just tell them to not put a Data $9.99 charge on it. My son like the phone a lot & it's a good gap stop phone for him, until we get smart phones in the summer.

When I got this phone I was so glad. Then I had to ask for a new battery from who sold me it because the other one was bad. They sent it really quick. I love this phone, besides the fact that it only works on speaker wen I call people. That might just be the phone though, besides that the new battery hold AMAZING charge. And being 14 I do text A LOT. anyways, this phone is perfect. I really recommend it.

Decided to dump the smart phone and go back to a simple one!  This is a great phone to use!

I might have given this phone 5 stars if I had been able to use it yet. I had wanted it when it was in the Verizon stores a few years back but did not jump on it then. I think it has nice features & was happy to see it for sale here & that it was a new phone. Based on the reviews, I thought I should be able to switch my current pre-paid plan to the new phone without too much hassle. I currently have an inexpensive plan without the data package & want to keep it that way. I have called Verizon twice. The first time, I spoke with a rep & then to the supervisor. I was told that this phone MUST have a data package & that I could not have service on it for less than $45/mo. After spending the frustration of an hour on the phone with those people, I waited a couple of weeks before trying again. I got the same runaround today & worse. I even tried to call the # that another reviewer left (Ashlee on 7/3/12), hoping to speak to &#34;Brandon&#34;, but that # is no longer in service (in case any of you wish  to try that). If anyone reading this has any suggestions or has had success where I failed, I would love to hear about it! If I ever get to actually use this phone, I will add to my review later. Wish I could return it but too late for that now.

great little phone for texting and that is what I use it for. Do not like to talk on cell phones for health reasons. I recieved it quickly and it would be nice to have the instruction book come with it. I was able to figur it out.

Even though everyone else has moved on to smart phones and Iphones&#8230;I keep replacing my enVs. I love this phone. It is absolutely perfect for my needs.

There is a lot to like about this phone, and just some minor drawbacks.Pros:-Nice size, not too bulky, pretty cool looking (I like the burgandy color)-Great for texting, no data plan!-Holds a ton of text messages and contacts-Really loud speaker for ringtones and songsCons:-My particular phone was scratched on the front LCD, which makes it extra hard to see in sunlight-I can't figure out how to put it on speaker phone unless you open to the inside screen-It doesn't automatically capitalize the beginning of sentences when you text-The main button that unlocks the front keypad triggers quite easily while in your pocketI had a Samsung Alias before this, and I liked the texting better on that phone, but I like the look and interface better on this one.Overall I'm happy with my purchase, hopefully it lasts, I've only had it a month or two.

I wanted a phone just for calling and texting with my daughter.  This was perfect!  Came in good condition with instructions book, etc.

It does what it needs to do... Sort of. I'm a college student. I'd had the phone before and I liked the keyboard and it's a hell of a lot cheaper than paying for a smartphone. The problem with this is I bought it brand new, and sometimes when I call or receive a call, I can't hear what's on the other end. It takes opening the phone and shutting it, or just redialing. It's a hassle. Otherwise I like it a lot!

I had a new Droid phone, but just couldn't get the hang of the touch screen.  I loved the last phone I'd had, but just after turning it back on, it was stolen.  I ordered this one from Mobtech and it was in my hands in TWO days!  It works perfectly and it may just be my last cell phone.  Thanks Amazon for good service vendors!

This was for my  husband who didn't like a touch screen smart phone. Only 1 issue with it and that was the battery cover wouldn't stay on 100% of time, but that has been corrected when we bought a cover. He loves this phone.

You can't get these type of phone's no more and these the type I like, I'm not into them new smartphones, I wanted something simple to use just like this..

This is the best phone for me. Hope I can always have access to getting one. It is user friendly and does all the functiona I need. I had my last enV3 for 6 years. they are great.

I actually have had  the same phone for over six years or more. I am on my second phone and I dislike them both. Both phones will not hold a charge for any length of time. The lock and unlock feature is really annoying..  I cannot wait to get a different phone. I don't know why I have put up with it this long. I am definitely shopping for a no-contract  phone.

The wife had this phone before but the battery started to fail and the phone would hang up after about 10 minutes into a phone call. I replaced the battery with a new one but the phone still lost or dropped calls. Anyway she wanted the same phone so I bought it. The words happy wife, happy life came to mind. She likes it just the same. We purchased a protective case for it to help with any future dropping of the phone. Verizon had no problem turning off the old phone and activating the new one.

very good sound on fone. durable, long lasting. i don't use fone now. screen is just way to small. good in it's time

really like screen on inside so doesnt get scratched very good phone no problems at all  i would buy aagin

It's a fine replacement phone for s 10 yr old. Front screen is very blurry , however I knew I was buying a used phone. All in all I'm happy w the order because my daughter is happy with it.Thank u!!

the wife got the lg3 and we both love.it so easy to use .and no glass to broke if this broke we will get same again

.  I bought this phone on Nov. 4th 2012.  Worked good for about 3 months and then it quit working properly.  You can't recieve a call without opening the phone up.  It goes to mute every time you try to answer a call.  I have e-mailed the seller BTO Inc. twice and have not received any answer.  Very unhappy customer !!!!!!!!

we purchased this phone and ended up returning it (very rare for me I never return items bought online) I do not recommend buying it

This is a replacement phone for the same model that was 8 years old. I love the style of phone. I would like a technically more advanced phone, but we don't get mobile service where we live, so why go to the expense.

I had LG env2, loved its features an reception, did all I needed. ez text and calling email available. Great phone

LG ENV3 PHONE  FROM CELLPHONES 4U  SOLD BY AMAZONnot a  gjenuine product no serial numberno warranty svc availablefeel cheatedfraudulent

This is my third LG enV phone and I love them. I'll be so sad when I can no longer replace them!

after purchasing this product six months ago the phone is not working properly.  I will never purchase a phone by internet again.

The keys are a good size and the flip down makes the screen larger than some. Overall, a really great phone for the money. Nice looking too :). Originally I made a remark about the battery being a little weak, but after about the fourth charge, it seems to be more than adequate.

I had this phone (twice) myself before going to a smart phone. I always loved how easy and convenient it was to use.  The QWERTY keyboard makes texting simple and fast, while the screen is crisp and clear.  It actually takes pretty decent pics, in the right light.  I bought this phone for my 12 yr old because I refuse to pay data fees for a kid his age who only needs a phone for me to call and the occasional text he gets from friends.  He already has access to a Kindle, a desktop, an Xbox, so no need for a smart phone.  Plus, he is pretty rough on his phones and this was a good buy.  I recommend it for those looking for an easy to use, inexpensive phone with a keyboard.

I ordered a used phone for my child. I got what I paid for. I am not sure I would order a used device again but would consider a new one as it did come on time. The plug that came with it would not charge it but the description was correct.

Worked for just under a year and then simply stopped! Had to replace with another phone. Would not recommend. Find something else with no sliding action.

This phone is excellent, durable and it feels great to hold in my hands.  It is not cheap quality.  Thank you.

I have a Ford Edge with the syncmyride program in it.  When Ford updated the computer in it, the phone I had showed it was connected to the bluetooth but that's all it was, it was not making the total connection to use the features of the car.  Anyway, after returning the phone twice because it was still under warranty because I had it less than a year and getting no satisfaction (oops, we have done all we can do) and speaking to Verizon to see if they could help, I came to Amazon to get a replacement phone.  IT WORKS with the car's computer!  I do a lot of personal travel so I needed a phone that would connect to the car computer so I could get directions, find businesses, answer my phone, dial my contacts, get weather info, etc.  I wanted a basic phone because I don't text or log on the internet so I didn't need a phone with a data package.  This phone does have a data package of 75mb but Verizon removed it so my phone plan will remain the same.  I may write another review but for now the phone does what I need it to do.  Oh, BTW, the phone looks new, which they supplier said it was.

good price and basic phone is the way to go if you don't want to pay much and need a phone.

Several Verizon LG phones, we have encountered bad service from provider and Manufacturer who plans obsolescense to the point that replacement parts such as batteries, can't be found within one year of product launch.Its maddening! Bad overpriced products, no tech support, no replacement parts. I've got electronic devices that work 30 years later, that cost less.  Shame! Shame!!!!!

This is the second LG enV3 phone I purchased. I had to return the first one because you couldn't hear the caller unless it was on speaker phone. I figured it was a defective phone and decided to order a new one.The second phone I received drops calls (99% of them) within seconds of answering. It's also very difficult to understand the person calling from it as it breaks up constantly. I am very disappointed in this phone and will be returning it.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  My husband and I both have LG phones and love them.  This phone said that it was used, but when we got it delivered it certaining looked brand new.  We got the phone within a couple days of ordering and it has been a perfect phone for my daughter.  I would highly suggest the phone and the seller.  Thanks.

I purchased this phone for $30, less than 1/6 what Verizon charges for a "refurbished" phone of the same nomenclature.  It was great, better than advertised, and it works perfectly!

This is the best cell phone I've owned. This one was bought as a replacement for my previous phone which was this exact model. The first one did not break on its own......I dropped it hard onto a sidewalk and although it didn't crack or anything, the speaker got jolted too hard I guess and quit working right. Not the phone's fault!! Mine! So I bought a new one and love the way its a simple phone for calling or texting yet has other great features like the calendar and contacts, etc. I would buy another one again without hesitation.

So the phone worked very well until it died in 20 minutes... It only died while making PHONE CALLS. so thats why i gave it 3 star rating... BUT I ordered a 8$ battery and the phone ended up working just fine.  It goes a few days until I have to charge it again.

This  phone is listed as new but when I tried to activate it with Verizon I had a lot of issues.. They said it had to be refurbished. Also the charger that came with the phone was not the original charger. I knew it right away because of the length of the cord being short and no name on it. I kept getting messages that it was not compatible for this phone when charging. I wanted to contact the seller but Amazon said I couldn't and would send me a new charger. Hoping there is no other problems . Upset that I paid for a phone listed as new but Im not going to go through everything I did to get it set up and transfer contacts and pictures... Make sure its new and check the charger if you buy from them.

I like this phone but the screen on the front is a bit small.  I guess it's because I'm older.  Overall the phone is good though.  I would recommend it to others.

Not only did it take three weeks to get here, the phone only worked for eight weeks and the seller would not help unless I sent an additional forty dollars extortion money on top of what I spent to purchase and ship the phone. Overall LG products are good, however it appears that the ENV3 phone has significant defects that the vendor is aware of and refuses to take responsibility for despite the fact that they willingly sell it.

The sound would not work when the handset was closed. You had to open the handset and the speaker phone work. I was very disappointed

Love my phone the cable is used still waiting for a replacement. have called several times at no avail. I got a new one I love the telephone.

This is a good phone for texting and for using the speaker phone.  Draw back is that the locked position is a pain to work with.  It locks up very quickly (might be a way to adjust that), and takes a number of steps sometimes to get to what  you want without opening the flip.  Once the flip is opened, you cannot easily adjust volume.  But, for the most part and for the price, I like it.

I really didn't think there would be that many scratches on it. Now I cant give it as a gift for Christmas because of that reason. I also feel that it shouldn't be under good condition. its more like fair condition. So I will be giving it to my daughter today.

very happy with this purchase so far...seems to be new as they stated and not reconditioned I hope if tis one crashes I can get another on just like it...

Ordered this for my husband.  He had the exact same one but it was a little old and banged up.  He hates change so this was awesome for him since he already knows how to use it.  Easy to transfer from old phone to new phone.  Excellent

My original phone from verizon was a pantech, and my 1 year old gleefully ripped all of the buttons off. Verizon would gladly sell me a replacement for 564, so we started shopping for an outside phone. It works great and I love the texting. I didnt want a smart phone, and although you can connect to the internet if you need to you do not have to have the data package with this phone. I've had absolutely no problems with it. I did have to call verizon to get it added to my account, I couldnt just call to activate it.

I'm so happy that we got this phone. It was in perfect condition and it's the perfect thing for even SOMEONE who doesn't really know phones to use.

The price is right and the operation is very wasy. The color is what I wantedand the price was great. My 8 year old taught me how to text adn we are having agreat time.

I needed an affordable replacement phone just to finish out my contract. I ordered on the weekend from Amazon--because I have a long-time trusted relationship with them, but this is the first time I have purchased a used item. I had the phone by Thursday; the package contained a personal note including seller's contact information in the event I should need to return the item.On Thursday evening I plugged the phone in for only 20 minutes and was able to call in to Verizon, called/ texted all of my contacts, and played with all of the features. I did not plug the phone in again until 24 hours later.Bottom line for me is: the product is better than I expected (is in really nice condition) and the seller is an honest upstanding business person.

The phone is gently used as stated.  All buttons function properly and slide out keyboard is easy to use.  It is a great alternative to getting a smart phone.

This phone has everything I need.  Great keyboard for texting, takes okay pictures and pretty hardy.  I might graduate to a smart phone soon, but if you want a simple phone for texting and phone calls its great.

I bought this phone for my Boyfriend. He had one that was like this and somehow it was lost. I think some one took it from his.

I wasn't ready for a data plan yet so I didn't want a smart phone.  These env3 phones are the best "dumb" phones out there in my opinion.  My previous env3 was finally running out of steam so I got another from JustCellular for a price that couldn't be beat.I shopped around for the best rated vendor and wasn't disappointed.  The phone came on time and is in fact brand new.Very satisfied.

My wife and I ordered our phones on Friday and  recieved them on Monday. They were Remanufactured but looked and worked brand new.My wife texts family and friends throughout the day and hasn't had one issue with her phone.Two thumbs up!

just so easy to use--the querty keyboard on the inside and dialpad on the outside ..it is small and all my kids have one.  the best part is it is not a smart phone so no data plan requiredthe only negative is that it has no wifi capability.

This phone is perfect.  I love the keyboard and the color is awesome and the price fit right into my budget.

I bought this phone for my daughter last month and a button fell off last week and the paint is wearing off already. Basically wasted my money cause the thing is falling apart

Great product for my 15 year old texter.Holds up well.This is our second since the first one fell in soda.Like all cell phones, don't let it get wet!

I am very happy with my purchase and this company. I did not want to switch over to the iPhone once my enV3 died after 4 years of stellar service. I received a brand new phone and charger as promised. I have had the phone for over a month now and everything (including the battery) is working great.

Love my basic phone.  charger is not good. Charger has stopped working. Lol.  Im still happy with my phone. Great price for refurbished. Looks great, would buy it again.  Nice basic phone, great sound. No problems. Came securely wrappedHer

I love the EnV 3 and have passed up two upgrades to keep it. Came with USB cord but no wall charger. Good thing I had old phone and it's charger.

This might be a good phone.??? Maybe I just got a lemon. I made two calls after charging and it shut off on the second call and then screen went black then flashed white. I couldnt even get it to stay on long enough to get my contact list erased before returning it.  Left for Florida a few days later with an old Tracfone.  I dolike Samsung phones but this particular one was bad, maybe just the battery.?

I was skeptical at first about buying a phone from the internet, but since it was from Amazon website I felt more secure.  The cellphone was advertised as "new" and it was.  It arrived in new packaging with all the accessories.  To date, I have had no problems with this phone. I am very pleased with the size and various features.I took it to the verizon store to activate which they did quickly and easily. No data plan was required - which I assumed from the phone description - and I was very happy about that.  I also am pleased with the vendor who accurately described this product and delivered it so quickly.

Warning, warning, Will Robinson!  Do not get this phone!  I'd give it zero stars, if I could!  If it stops working, as mine did 2 months after getting the phone, you're out of luck to send it back for a replacement.  Who can be without a cell phone for the time it would take to fix it which was an option suggested to me?  I had an enV2 which I loved (and is my husband's phone now) but Verizon no longer carries the phone in their store or on-line.  So I ordered this one (enV3).  What a mistake!!!  Worked great for the first 7 weeks.  Then it had to be recharged all the time.  And the power would be totally drained within 15 minutes after it had been fully charged.  I thought it was the battery and ordered a new one.  Same thing happened.  So obviously it's the phone and not the battery.  So I ended up sending the battery back and it's costing me about half the purchase price since Amazon says it wasn't at fault.  I understand but it's still a bummer!Bottom line...you will keep a defective phone if it quits working after only 30 days.  Far better to get something similar to what you want at the Verizon store which has a one-year warranty on its phones.

I just received this phone today & it was sent to me without a battery. I have already been down a week without a phone & ordered this one, anxiously waiting for it to come & it comes with no battery. How am I suppose to use it???? Very disappointing after paying for fast delivery for something that wont work now.

love this phone it keeps the battery away from my ear because i can open it for the speaker and lay it flat and talk as long as i want.the size is perfect too..texting is great

good product for what you use it for. I bought it for my 14 year old. very basic phone. good for texting.

Got this for my mom because she needed a new phone. Works great. Similar to her old one so it worked out good.

My other phone took a water bath and I wanted the same model, it did everything I needed it for, especially the camera. I found this on the internet and ordered it. It came quick, with all accessories and works great!

Really like this phone because it takes good quality pictures and the keyboard is excellent for texting, plus it is super sturdy. Does not break apart when dropped like newer phones do.

Liked the phone, was shipped with screen defect.  Company said for me to glue it back on.  When I did this, the receiving end stopped working as I feared it would.  Too late at that point to send back for 30 day use.  Serious bummer!;

Does NOT recommend this phone! only had it for about 2 months and screen on the front started acting up and went completely blank and the phone turns off throughout the day by itself.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my son who loves it. I have also purchased this same phone previously under Verizon with a contract. The phone is just as expected and works great. Son is very happy with it and the best part? No contract!

DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH JUST CELLULAR!!!  I do like the LG ENV3....However JUST CELLULAR who I purchased the phone from I would be very cautious with...After encountering a problem with my phone I had contacted both Just Cellular and LG corporation.  LG was very nice and had me send my phone in for repairs since they have a one year warranty from the date of purchase.  After LG received the phone I was informed that the phone was not a "new phone" as was listed and sold to me by JUST CELLULAR.  In fact it was a refurbished unit at LG's facility 18 month prior to me purchasing it.  Therefore they would not cover the repairs.  After speaking with a customer representative from JUST CELLULAR, we have gotten no where.  So I will be filing a complaint with not only AMAZON but our STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL for deceptive sales practices.

So far works great, was surprised when it looked new. Everything works on this phone. only problem when you activate online it makes you take a data plan, just call and cancel the data plan and block data..

If you looking for a real good and solid phone you can't go wrong with this one. I love the size, the # pad on front and the key pad when you open it up.

I purchased this phone because I have had it before and I really liked it for texting.  I purchased a new phone and obviously this is not a new phone, it is refurbished.  When I activated it, it shows I'm activating a blue phone.  My phone is the red phone with an obviously re-colored battery back.  The phone works fine, holds a charge like new phone.  I have no problem with the phone at all but, I feel I paid the price for a new phone and that is what I should have got.

I like the cell phone, However, the charger was not the correct one for the phone. But the phone was new and I still had the charger from my old phone.

There were a few hickups in the process of getting the right phone.  But the customer service was instantly helpful in making sure everything was getting taken care of properly.

was looking for phone that purely addressed text issues... no games... no downloads few calls... just text. This is it!!

Bought it like a year ago and stoppes working properly after I dropped it a bunch. But other than that it was a great phone for its era

I love this phone. I had one for YEARS, then it died, and I got an LG Extravert, which I HATE, so I decided to go back to the one I love! The transaction went perfectly! Thanks!

I purchased this phone directly from Verizon when it first came out & 8 years later I am still using it.  I do not have a data plan & it works perfectly.  I purchased an IPhone recently but went back to my Env3..Its the best phone for reception, voice clarity and it has a missed call/missed txt Alert that no SmartPhones have.Several of my co-workers still have this phone and they love it as well..

Love my phone and the color!This is one of the local Verizon shops employee favorites, so I am very happy to have another.

Was happy to see it was just like my 4 year old one.  Transferred all my stuff to it and it lasted 2 weeks before I had to can it and go back to old one.  Keyboard had glitches in the first place, and phone itself had major headspace/timing problems (glitches)  And comes with a funky different charger than came with my original LG enV3.  It's simple and smarter than I am.  No touch screen which I don't want.  They don't work too good with axle grease or cow s*** on your fingers.  Old one has gone in the snow drift and tumbled down a rocky mountain and is still ticking.  Too bad new one wasn't worth the powder to blow it to heck.

I bought this phone as a last minute replacement because I needed a phone fast and didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars. Overall this is  really dependable phone, but it seems as if every time I put it in my pocket, it dials someone without my knowing.

I love this phone.  I needed a no-data plan phone and this works for me.  It has the features I like  (camera, video, alarm, calendar, and long lasting battery)  I liked this so much I got one for my son too!!

This is a very user friendly cell phone.  I had not carried a cell for over 10 years, but when I discovered this phone, I said this might work.  I did not want a Smart Phone, I just wanted one that I could talk on and easily text. This phone meets my expectations with flying colors. The camera is a bonus.  My LG enV3 red cell phone came quicker then expected, arriving safe and sound. The VENDOR is one I would buy from again.  All I had to do was take it to Verizon to get it activated and have since been using it every day. This cell phone makes me HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY.

When I saw this phone, I knew that my mom will like it as surprise gift for her birthday. It came in really new-new!

The phone was great at first, it was new. Came in the box with the stickers still on the screens, loved it. The phone has an amazing battery! However, I could not hear anything unless the phone was  on speaker. Even though the other parts of the phone were great, I could not live with a phone that I can't talk on unless its speaker.

Both my daughters and my Mom have these, they're great, reliable, and cheap to replace when my darling absent minded daughters lose/break theirs...

I have owned this phone before and was very happy with it. I wasn't sure about ordering one online but it was in great condition. Excellent phone for talking and texting.

I ordered this phone in December. As of today February 6th, I have yet to recieve a funtioning phone. First phone that came had a damaged charging port and they sent the wrong charger. I was told to take the battery out and put it back in to see if the phone would come on or power up, it didn't. It took two emails and two phone calls in two weeks before I was told a new phone was being shipped. Second phone came without a battery, still no charger. I again called and emailed asking where my charger was. I found a friend who had an Envy 3 and borrowed her charger. It took 5 hours to charge the battery and it died within hours without any use. I again contacted the seller and he stated he will send another battery but has no way of knowing if it actually works. Still waiting....never buy from this seller. I would give 0 stars if it were an option.

I purchased this for my 13 year old after she got mad and destroyed her old phone because it would not work for her.  She loves this one and it seems to do everything good for her so I have to say Very good to the env3.

Not a smart phone; keypad lacking featuresLimited functions.  Just waiting for my 24 monthscommitment so I can buy an iPhone 5

Said the phone was used seems more like new to me! Very happy with it and it got here two days later when it said 5-7 business days. Couldn't be happier.

I love this phone! It is very simple for a first phone. It sends and recieves messages easily. I can make phone calls easily also.And I esspecially love the covers for it! I want zebra print. :)All in all this phone is the BEST! :D

I returned it because I wasn't aware that the port would not allow me to transfer all my phone information into it.That could have been my error, but since I am not savvy about how all these technical things work, I wish I had been apprised of it.  Anyway, the phone itself was as advertised, but that one little omission kept me from purchasing it

I prefer texting to talking and am not in need of a data package, so this phone is perfect for me.

After purchasing one in blue for myself, I bought this for my brother.  He loves it and is glad to having a working phone (as the last phone he had broke and then he was using hand-me-downs that would also break).Great phone and great price!

Phone had new battery and came complete with charger. The screen and condition of phone was very good as described

My son picked it out and it was red which is his favorite color.  The key board is perfecf for him.

I was offered to purchase a new phone only to discover that the one I bought had 3 previous owners which made it uninsurable!

to be fair and honest, i'm not a electronics cheerleader. if a cell phone wasn't a necessity in the stupid techno world i wouldn't own one. it makes calls when i want it to. it rings when someone calls me. It's a Wonderful Life!

Worst phone I ever had and my last phone which lasted five years had pieces falling off and still had better reception. Think I have not had one call that has not been lost no matter where I am. You can text but don&#34;t plan on talking to anyone.

A family member refuses to get a smart phone and loves this one. I just wish they would make one unlocked so I didn't have to pay extra to have it flashed over.

This phone was for my younger child.  This is perfect for texting only.  The screen is small, but just right for the price.

This phone is a fine phone, it worked for what I needed.  My only requirements were a full keyboard and that is didn't require a data package.  It is easy to use and have not had a problem yet.  I love the fact that it comes in Red so I didn't have to go with plain old black.

Bad antenna so cant call unless right in front of a tower or verizon store...trying to get money back from seller. Love the phone but cant get or make calls :(

I don't want to be forced to buy an i phone and was glad this was still available to me

Bought this phone for my aunt because she really liked the phone she had and she was devastated when it broke. Knowing it would be nearly impossible to find a decent replacement locally, I told them that I would find them one online. I looked back and forth between Ebay and Amazon. That is when I found this phone. It looked like a great deal. My aunt's family had never used Amazon before and were very leery. I convinced them to trust you. They just told my wife a couple of days ago that the phone didn't even work.Wouldn't charge, tried new battery. Then tried new charger. No luck. They were too nice to tell me.I don't spend more than a couple hundred dollars a year online. They spend thousands. I hate because of a product being listed in such a dishonest way that you may have just lost 8 or 9 customers

This phone came in quickly and in better condition than expected. It's been working perfectly for months now. This is the first time I purchased a used phone and was skeptical. Now I am convinced and would do it again.

The condition of the Lg ENV3 cell phone was horrendous.  It was filthy with gunk all over and between the phone buttons. I used cotton and a little alcohol on the outside just to hold it without gloves because  it looked germ infested. There were chipped cracks on the corners.  I reported the condition of the phone via email.  The seller phoned me and asked me to erase my review because he planned to send me another phone in better condition.  The next phone was worse.  One of the buttons, the "clear" key, was cracked in half. The spring was visible beneath it.  I was told that I could send the phone back for a refund, AT MY EXPENSE. I wasted money and a lot of time with this purchase.  This seller as added one insult, behind another, and then another.  I would not recommend this company to anyone.  This is not the way to conduct business.

The phone was new with all accessories. It was easy to set up and still runs perfectly! I would recommend it for a first time phone.

This phone is cool and all for fast texting but when I recieved the phone it was broken.  I can not hear people when they call me unless they are on speaker, so I can't use my phone when I'm in public.  Being a student that is always running around places, this makes life very difficult.  I'm sure if the phone was working 100% the way it should it would be great, but sellers need to check for these problems communicate this to buyers.  It's just dishonest.

I can't even say how much I love this phone.  Messages can be erased before adding to the Sent file.  Fun feature- it has speaking options for taking pictures, &#34;Say Cheese&#34; being one of them.  Messaging is easy to use. You can make groups in your Contact list. Multiple phone numbers are grouped under the person's name instead of having to scroll through the 3 that you have for same person.  I was looking for a phone with basic features and to text.  I will definitely get another if this model is still available when it's time for a replacementt.

i didnt purchase this phone from this seller. I infact purchased it from Verizon, but I just felt the need to share that I have had this phone for almost 2 years now, and has proved itself to be very tough. I tend to be very hard on my phones, so I steer away from smart phones with delicate touch screens. I probably drop my phone a couple of times a week on the concrete on accident and it just keeps on going, hah. I will say, I believe they have stopped making software updates for this phone, because I was having a few minor problems with the phone freezing up and having a hard time viewing my images on it, and the customer service at my verizon store said I needed to upgrade. Well, popping the battery out and back in fixes the problem for a while, so as long as it is still making phone calls, I'm good to go. If you have the same non-materialistic view as me about cell phones, this little phone is a great investment. Just don't get the internet package, use it for texting, pictures, and calls, and it is a cheap awesome phone. Just look for it somewhere else. This is a little pricey for older technology.

I ordered this new phone to replace my LG EnV when it breaks.  This new phone has slightly larger screens than my old phone, but is very similar to old phone.  It does have a better camera and will accept the extended use 1800 mAh battery also purchased.  Thankyou

I ordered the red one and love it.  My provider comes in good and it fits the places I put it easy.  I love the key lock/no pocket dialing

I bought this for my (soon to be) 12 year old daughter to use on her class trip.  A cheap option for me was to buy this, then signup for "The12" plan from pageplus.  It rides over the verizon network and costs me $12 for 250 minutes and 250 texts.  That's downright cheap to me.The phone is great.  Is it the #1 used phone in 2012? No.  It takes pictures, it works as a phone, it works as a text phone... my daughter shouldn't need much more at this moment.

I got this phone for my mother, hoping having a real keypad would make it easier for her to learn to text. Well, the letters and numbers are so tiny she can hardly use them, the phone locks up on her constantly so she is constantly calling or goig to the Verizon phone.  I really think compnies are makig these basic phnes worse and worse so people are forced into the smartphone market.

Great and trusty phone. I love it! This phone should never be obselete. It is most amazing.Anyone who has or has opportunity to get it will not be dissapointed.

first and foremost i was out and out lied to about this phone when i bought it said it was new i mean new!!! after 2 months the main speaker on the phone wasnt working took it to my local verizon center and they checked and said the speaker was bad they checked the serial number and went back on it and low and behold i am the 4th suscriber to this supposedly "new' product.of course the warrantee is over by about 2 weeks!!!!piece of s*** wont ever deal with brownbox bonanza again thru amazon. out and out liars!!!  bruce

DID NOT GET ANY BOOKLET FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE THE PHONE TOOK ME A LONG TIME TO SET UP PHONE

It meets all my expectations,was easy to activate on my verizon plan, if I had to complain about something it would be the camera could be stronger. I was looking for a cheap basic phone and that's what it is, so I am happy with it.

We purchased these phones for our kids they are good phones that hold up well.  They are great for texting which my kids do alot of.  My husband and I both have one too, we have had ours for over 2 years and they are still working very well.

I HAD APHONE JUST LIKE THIS ,IT BROKE FROM BEING IN A CAR ACCIDENT .I NEEDED ANOTHER ONE ASAP! I WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND ONE IN SUCH GREAT CONDITION!ALSO I GOT IT QUICKLY!

Overall this is a great phone.  We had a few problems when we first received it, bad battery and charger.  The seller took care of the problems in a timely manner.  There is also a bluetooth setting on the phone that if it is enabled will drain the battery in under 12 hours.  As soon as we figured that out and disabled it, no more problems.

It's the smartest none smart phone you can buy.  This is my fifth Env and until rates drop for data, I will keep buying this phone.

Some of her friends had this phone and it actually had good reviews for a basic phone. Great Christmas present.

I bought this phone "New" and it was obviously an older BLUE version taken apart and painted MAROON. there is dust in the screen when I bought it. Also, If it was truely a MAROON ENV3 it would have come with the MAROON display but this comes with the BLUE display- only proving the fact that this phone was indeed a rip off and an older- not new cell phone. I hate it and I will never order again from you guys.

Phone lasted only a couple weeks before the screen went blank & couldn't make or receive calls. Costed me nearly $20 to send it back (after paying for shipping 1st time) they have sent me another phone & it powers off all by itself. Very disappointed with the phone....I had the exact phone a couple yrs ago & it lasted 2 yrs. Waiting to see if they send a new battery to try.

It's a neat little phone, I downgraded from a smart phone to this one so of course there's a differense in size and quality of speed. It didnt come with a manuel, which I don't care because i never read it anyway. It arrived much quicker then it said and the charger does say not recommended for this phone. It came in its packaging and had the clear tape still. As far as the battery it doesn't last long but doesn't take forever to charge, also you can still get on the internet but it is of course extremely slow lol. I can hear clearly and the camera isn't as bad as I would have expected. Didn't give me any trouble getting it activated and switched to my line. Oh the buttons are a bit off but it could just be from being on a touch phone for so many years that my thumbs just got lazy. Lol

The screen is so scratched you can barely see it. It was dirty and covered with old makeup and skin flakes. I tried and tried to call for their 30 day money back guarantee and kept getting a recording that their phone lines are down, I went out and bought another phone and now I am out 26.99 and have a useless piece of junk.

Bought this phone for my step-son who is very hard on phones.  The first couple of weeks of having the phone, he complained the phone was cutting off.  I had several emails with the seller, who was very nice and offered a suggestion to fix it and then a replacement.  In the meantime, I had also done some research on the phone, which I should have done beforehand.  And, found out it is a battery issue with this particular phone.  I followed the suggestion I found on the internet, which was to put a folded piece of paper between the battery and back cover to make sure it was "tight".  This has worked so far.  Seller was fine, phone just ok.

The LG enV3 VX9200 Verizon Cell Phone with 3 MP Camera that I ordered was refruished.  When it came in it did not work.  What IMPRESSED me was that when I called Put Group who sold the phone through Amazon that the cell did not work they said they would send me another battery and charger.  They IMMEDIATELY RESENT ANOTHER BATTERY AND CHARGER.  The PHONE WORKED and I WAS ABLE TO GIVE THE CELL TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS.  Thank you Put Group for working with me.Diana

I ordered this basic phone because I had to down grade from a smartphone to a basic as soon as possible because of financial circumstances. My smartphone bill was becoming unbearable and also I had purchased a tablet where I had been using to login to Facebook and use the internet more frequently than on my phone. I therefore no longer needed to have all the added features on my phone. I was able to get my phone up and running with a Verizon representative quickly. The phone itself is nice but I am not use to typing text messages with the keypad - just spoiled I guess. Touchpads are sooooo difficult to use and VERY slow process....but it is what it is and I will save alot of money with this basic phone. You cannot beat the price also - Thanks Amazon!!

I bought this phone for my son for Christmas. He loves it has no problems out of it so far so good! It came quickly and it was packaged well.Thanks

received the phone in good condition.  Went to activate with verizon and was unable to do so by computer.  Called Verizon and the reason could not activate oby computer is that the phone had been activated on another account before.  Afte a lenghty period on the phone determined that what was advertised as a new phone on AMAZON was actually used phone sold by Cell Talk.  It had only been acitvated previously for a short time.  Conatacted Cell Talk and their response was &#34; We got the phone from Verizon as a new phone&#34;.  I was given the option of returning the phone, but no reason to do so as it seems tob working fine.  I remember reading reviews of another phone while shopping for this one and someone else had a similar experienc with Cell Talk.  I suggested to them a parial rebate on purchase price but they never responde back to that email.  Cell Talk seems to be a busines to be leery of.

I was looking for a simple cell phone with a keyboard for texting and this phone works great for that.  I live in an area where to reception isn't the best and I have a lot of dropped calls with this phone (nothing beats the flip phones for reception but they are not an easy phone to text with).  If you live in an area with good reception and you are looking for a simple phone without a data package this is a good phone.  When I activated the phone on Verizon's website it told me I needed a data package.  I called Verizon customer service and they said I didn't need the data package and was able to help me with setting it up.

My wife did not want a smart phone and would never use the features of one. she had this phone before and loved it. Unfortunately the thing wore out after a few years. I beleave Verizon only offers two basic phones now and both of them are not nearly as nice as this one. I was surprised to find this on Amazon and at $79. it's not a bad price.

The battery is weak it does not hold any charge at all is has to be plugged up all the time.

I got the phone in good condition and it seems to work just fine.  However, the charger was &#34;not recommended for this phone&#34;.  I contacted the seller, and they quickly sent me a new charger.  That charger would not even register on the phone.  I contacted the seller again, and they offered me a partial refund.  Good thing I had a Verizon charger from my old phone (a similar model) or I would not be able to use the phone.  I like the phone and the seller was very helpful, but without an appropriate charger it would have been useless.  Sorry.

not a smart phone, so need i say more? had to down grade thanks to my hubby making poor financial choices so this is the phone I chose and it's nice, but no iphone...

i bought the env3 from justcellular & got the wrong phone & just to say the great & fast response to fix the problem they bent over backwards to work with me & i'd reccamend there site to any one

I wanted to get a replacement phone like the one I have had for years, but it was no longer available from Verizon.  It was easy to use, compact, and has a keyboard.  Takes great pictures. I found it on Amazon, ordered it and received it fast.

I really like this phone . It has great sound  and its cheap, cute , I really like the color .

Device was exactly as described, short wait time, very affordable...phone works great and have had no issues . Happy with it!

I bought my phone from Verizon 2 1/2 years ago & have had zero problems with it. Part of that is thanks to the Body Glove case I'm sure, cause it's taken some serious dives on the pavement.  It just started powering down by itself some this month...not sure if it's from the lastest hit to the pavement or just age.  My only complaint would be the small screen makes it a little hard to see pics.  Overall, I would definitely buy it again!

A little disappointed that it was more scratched up and used than it was described.  Otherwise, it works perfectly fine.

I wasn't happy when it came in we found out it had water damage and the phone had some issues and couldn't really do anything with the texting or phone calls until he new one came in. but the 2nd works just fine no issues. but the phone should have been looked over before I was sent out.

good weight, works well, great look.  wish AT&T had this phone too. made a good gift for my friend. ok

I first bought this phone 3 years ago, and I can't tell you how many times I've dropped it, sat on it, crushed it in my purse, etc, and it only recently showed damage... Unfortunately the damage was bad enough to need to be replaced, but I hate the Cosmos I got and am now buying another Envy3.I have several friends who also have this phone, and we all have nothing but good things to say about it.  The keyboard is easy to use, the pictures come out clear, it has useful tools, the screen is easy to read, and the call sound quality was great.  The only problem I had was the battery not holding a charge as long, but that was after a couple of years of use and is easily fixed with a new battery.If you aren't going with a smartphone, which I have no need to do at this point, this phone is an excellent choice for all of your non-data plan needs!

I'm so glad, I ordered this phone from phones4u and the phone came in brand new and still had the plastic coverings on the phone. This phone isn't thick and bulky like all the other enVs it works perfectly i am so relieved it came and didn't have any problems because i read so many terrible reviews on the internet from people buying phones. it came with the battery and charger. YAY!!! so happy to finally have a functional phone again hopefully i don't lose it but if i do ill definitely buy from phones4u again it was such a great buy :)

this is a great product but the people who send are horrible it doesnt even send for at least 5 days they dont care about their customers at all its terriblee

I love the phone because it is very easy for me to learn how to use. I like a simple phone for calling and texting. This phone is just exactly what I want. I like voice commands feature as well as the ease of speakphone setup and its volume. It is so convenient for me to contact my kids in my car when I pick them up after school. I am not the person who handle smartphone well. So this phone is perfect for me to use. The price is really good for this used but good-condition phone.

Item arrived in good condition, in a timely manner and with accessories promised.  It was even partially charged and I was able to get it up and running within an hour of receiving it.  Thank you!

The phone itself is good for yr basic. Takes good pix and the keyboard is good for texting. But the battery is awful ,it loses it's charge after a few hours.. I had to buy a backup battery

A Christmas gift for my son, who habitually leaves it on the floor for me to step on. I'm no lightweight so I'm surprised this hasn't broken. Seems pretty sturdy for a kids phone.

I love this little phone and I'm very satisfied with my purcahse! Phone arrived as advertised and I had it activated within minutes! I'm definitively glad that I want back to a basic phone because I had nothing but problems with a smartphone and my bill was ridiculous!

After having a "smart" phone for the last two years, going back to an "old school" cell is fantastic!!  Perfect for calls and texting only.  That's all I need.

Excellent vendor. When I got the phone, it was like brand new. Got activated per Just Cellular Store instruction within 15 minutes. Used the bluetooth option to send all my old pics / videos / contacts to new phone. Did it all without using user menu and within 1 hr. The bad thing was the SD card won't stay in the slot. Just Cellular was great. Within 2 emails, they send me a return USPS free shipping label. I got a replacement phone within 1 week of dropping the old phone in the post-office. New phone works great! This is a good bread-and-butter phone for people that just need a means of communication (phone calls and texts) and nothing fancy. If you don't need to go on the internet every second of the day, this is a good phone.Will definitely buy from JustCellular again.

I have had the LG enV3 in the past and enjoyed owning it for 2 years several years ago.  So, when my daughter needed a basic phone, I got her this same one.  Unfortunately after just 3 months, the ability to hear or be heard - I guess it's the speakers? quit.  Now the phone can't be used except for texting, and my daughter has to buy a new one.

Wanted to buy a used phone for my son who keeps dropping or losing his phone.  this is perfect. it works and we have all the chargers and parts!

This phone is perfect for what I need.  All I use my phone for is texting and calling.  I know it can do more but I did not want a smart phone and the monthly bill that comes with it.  The screen on the outside is small but works great for making calls.  The inside screen is a nice size.  The keys on the keyboard are even easy for my husband to use.  I was also happy that this was not a prepay phone.  I even took this phone and my old phone to Verizon and they switched over all my contacts for me.  (at no cost)If you're like me and just want a good phone for small things like texting and phone calls.  You can get on the internet with this phone and do stuff.

Front screen has started to haze over, otherwise phone has met expectations.

Fast service...Very happy with this seller, and the best part is that the seller encloses a card with the order that has a phone # if you have ???'s or need help. The only problem I am having is that the charger plug in doesn't work well, and some words keep popping up on my phone screen saying that I am using the WRONG charger. Guess I will have to call and get some help. Anyway besides that problem I would buy again from this seller...LOVE THE PHONE....

My wife is tough on phones and the first one lasted a year and a half.  I bought this one which was the same model she already had.

Phone was great - until it broke two months after we bought it. We sent it back to the company for a replacement phone we were told it was still under warranty. When our replacement phone came in the mail, it didn't work right out of the box. When we contacted the company, our warranty had expired and even though the phone was broken straight out of the box they would not replace it or refund it. My wife liked the product but it is ridiculous this company won't replace their defective product. Don't risk your money.

This phone is not the most fancy but it works great.  It holds it charge well.  It makes a great starter cell phone too.

Do not purchase from this company! I received the phone and was unable to switch over to it do to it being reported stolen. Luckily amazon is refunding my money and taking the phone back. I have never had issues likes this before and have purchased phones on amazon a couple of times.

I bought this used phone online through Amazon.com. Great little phone, had some minor scratches on the screen but otherwise perfect. I  am very happy with it.

We love the env3 phone. I have had one for 3 or 4 years and i purchased the red one for my husband. works great!

My son got used to my hand me down lg en V2 and had it for almost 3 years when he accidently dropped it, it bounced on the sidewalk case broke and came off and front/ top outside screen broke.He was howling and he LOVED that phone......Spoke to ALOT of people that all said the same thing find him the newer version online with a body glove case. My son was so excited when he opened the package and the env3 was so easy for him to adjust to........he is happy he has the new phone (for him). He loves his lg env3!I hope it lasts almost 5 yrs like the old one.......that would be GREAT!

Buyer beware!  Love this phone, but applewireless.com sold 'new' phone when it was actually a used phone refurbished.  Local Verizon store told us - would purchase again but only at the 'used phone' price.

I bought an identical enV3 LG phone from Verizon back when it was a current model (3 yrs +/-).  It's been great, but it's now worn out.  I checked out the new phones, but am just not convinced I want or need a &#34;smart phone&#34; with a full data package.  Truthfully, I just don't feel like learning how to operate a new phone.  I was very pleased to find this item through Apple Wireless!  I ordered it over the weekend, and it was here on Wednesday, so I'm real happy and impressed with the quick response and fast shipping!  I will definitely keep these folks in mind for future purchases.  Thanks!

I had lost my cell  phone.  I wanted one exactly like it.  I thought I knew the correct name but I guess I didn't.  I wanted the next generation which also kind of look a like.  I would have sent it back but Ineeded it SAP.  I guess I should have looked into it further but Vorizon said this was the one I had but when I took this one in they said I ordered the wrong model, that I had had the next generation up.  They know longer carried the exact one I wanted or even this one.  My other one was a little larger and the screen clearer.  This phone is merely ok and I would order or exchange this one for the other one if I could.Thanks, for your inquiry.  Mike Bandelier

I had a motorola flip phone before I purchased this LG enV3 phone, I thought the flip phones were great so I was really leary about purchasing this one. Let me tell you this phone is great to use for texting or just talking on the phone. I have no problem with hearing the people on the other end, loud and clear. The only thing that I have is that I can not find a ring tone that is really loud enough to hear while it is in my purse. Ths phone is great though.

I wanted a phone with keyboard for texting instead of having to punch the button several times for the correct letter.  This has worked great.

I had a black flip-phone and it broke.  I went through 3 black flip phones, all of them breaking for one reason or another. I was happy with it originally because I have a busy schedule, always forgetting things, and my black flip-phone ALWAYS got returned if I forgot it somewhere. I was left with a flip-phone stuck on "blue tooth" mode (and no blue tooth). Subsequently my back went out and I was stuck in my car without a phone and then stuck again at home without a phone. I decided to order this particular cell-phone.  I wanted this phone because my 14 year old has one just like it.  He's had it for 3 years. It's been run over, dropped in water, and handled by a kid all that time and it STILL WORKS!  I bought this phone from this seller and it was here so fast I was in shock. Two days is all, I think.  And I didn't ask for express delivery.  I really needed a phone, I wanted a reliable phone, and this was sent brand new in sealed package with paperwork and chargers--exactly what was advertised. I give it 5 stars because it's a good product and this seller did an awesome job.

Purchased as a replacement cellphone for my grand daughter. She lost her original Verizon cellphone. Loves this one especially for texting and for picture taking.The phone was as described, and shipped very promptly.

Love the phone and the company was wonderful to work with.  Will use them again if I need a new phone!!!

Love this phone, had one before but granddaughter wanted it.  Since it cost extra for media service to use I only use it as an alarm clock.

i bought this phone for my husband becasue I have had 2 of these now for a long time i think they are durable and easy to use.

The full keyboard makes it nice and easy for texting. has all the features our son needs for his first phone. We researched the phone before buying and got exactly what we wanted.

My mother in law loved the color and simplicity of use - she also liked the light weight and feel of the phone

I broke my nice phone about 2 months into my contract with verizon and since I was new to verizon and didn't have insurance on the old phone, I had very few options. I couldn't buy a phone and pay it off over multiple payments, I would have had to spend a boat load of money to replace my old smart phone, and even the lowest model flip phone they were offering I was going to have to pay nearly $200 for. Finally a nice verizon person told me I could purchase a phone online. This phone works great, does the job of replacing my phone, and will work with your existing verizon number. Highly recommended.

This was a cool phone I liked it a lot! I like the buttons and the way it's set up for texting.

I am very satisfied with this phone.  I love the color and size.  It is just right to carry in your pocket

Bought phone and had trouble with it the first month and just got worse, brought it to Verizon and was told the phone was in need of a firmware update they could not perform. Could not do anything but replace with a newer model or replace the phone!!

This phone came brand new (maybe refurbished?) in a Verizon box with a battery and a charger. No literature. It's a great quality phone but it still seems overpriced for its age. It certainly gets the job done. Works with Verizon and does NOT need a data plan.

The original enV2 stopped working, but it was approximately 4+ years old.  When looking for a replacement phone, the selections were primarily smart phones.  Meaning touch screens with capability for internet, email and all kinds of applications (&#34;apps&#34;).  Also, Verizon required a considerable increase in the monthly subscription fee when using a smart phone.  We did not care for the look and feel of the two or three non-smart phones they had available. Being retired, our personal use for cell phones is limited to voice and text.  Purchasing a replacement phone online through Amazon was a great way to replace our favorite phone no longer carried by Verizon.  An unexpected bonus was because we furnished the phone ourselves, we were not require to renew our contract for another two years.  A great, easy to use phone.  If you don't need smart phone capabilities, we would highly recommend it to anyone.

As a part of cutting my budget I decided to give up my smartphone and go back to a basic phone. I wasn't sure I would be able to adjust but this phone has made it possible. It has a nice big keyboard to make texting easy.

NOT HAPPYbought this for my daughter in May and now 7 months later it's starting to die. did some online research and seems like this is common. it's either the SD card (of which this phone has none) or it's dying. She really likes the phone, but cannot recommend this phone.

absolutely love this phone. I refuse to go with the new tech smart phones. I love this great little phone. So small compared to big smartphones. Great for texting and very easy to use. Love this phone.

Even with today's technology, the LG enV3 is still a great phone for those who haven't moved into the next generation.  Phone was received brand new as ordered and in a timely manner.  All is well, great job!

Good price for good phone.  Not smart phone but I don't need one.  Came quickly and all eas as advertised.

The phone and packaging looked new but it wasn't able to charge properly. It would only work for a couple of minutes. The seller was accommodating but I bought a new phone from Verizon.

Phone looked brand new when it arrived. It was for my college student son.  He uses it multiple times every day and it's working perfectly.

It seems to be impossible these days, to buy a &#34;basic phone&#34;! Mine broke after having it for 4 years. I am so happy that I found a replacement. The price was good, and the shipping super fast!

I need a basic phone, no data plan. I have used PDA for many years. This phone is a basic PDA and is good for me to make calls and texting. Ever since I had Kindle Fire and Surface, I have changed my phone plan to basic one,as PDA is too small for internet. Tablets are better and easier to read. Amazon has shipped this new phone on time, not a used phone. It's a upgrade from Verizon basic flip phone and it's a good buy. After receiving the phone, first I tried to activate from Verizon account on line it's showed as PDA phone. To avoid data plan I called Verizon Customer Services, no problem there. So far so good.

I thought I would like it when I placed the order, but I don't.  It's an outdated phone.  It is nice for texting--but just isn't what I'm looking for.  Can I return the phone?I REALLY DON'T WANT TO KEEP THIS PHONE.  CAN I RETURN IT?

It was great, I love it. It set up good. Came on time and it looks great. Have had no problems so far. I got what I was told I was getting. Thanks

This is the best Non-Smart Phone period!!!!!! If you dont want to shell out for a Smart Phone data plan and just need to text,talk and take a few photos this phone does all 3 really really well. I will mention that the extended battery for this phone has all but disappeared from On Line dealers. I already had the Ext Batt so Im doing ok, but I cant find a back up one anywhere in this color. A few of the Slate blue are out there. Maybe you just have to charge up multiple extra OEM batts if thats all you can find. I am a heavy call and text user so thats why I prefer the Extended Batt.

This is one of the best phones out there and it DOES NOT require a data package. My wife used her first enV3  for about four years before it started having problems and she loved it. She tried a new model &#34;smart phone&#34; and hated it because everything about it was confusing.  She is very happy to have found a new enV3 to replace the original one.

Bought to replace basic cell phone service.  Very good price for a very good product.  Easy to switch over from old phone.  Worth price to avoid extending cell phone contract for two years and not getting the kind of phone I like.

I know what BANDS BECAUSE THE PHONE BUT I WANT TO KNOW IF I NEED ME BEFORE going to work in Caracas Venezuelathanks and sorry for the inconvenience

I received 2 LGENV3 phones from this company, and BOTH were faulty, am returning both. One dropped calls, the other one wouldn't charge the battery.

I recently wrote a review for this phone and praised it highly.  I had one for years and it was great.  This one ordered on Amazon is  terrible......keyboard doesn't work, audio is horrible, the phone reboots every time you open it.  We are returning it.  I will give it one more shot if I can find one that is new since I had good luck with the first one I owned.  Don't know if this was new as it was advertised or if it was refurbished poorly but know it isn't worth two cents.

save you money  ca'nt see a thing in the daylight it is totally usless, never used it, morejunk from amazon,,when will i ever learn?

This is a beautiful phone. It's a good phone if you just want it for text and calls. And you don't have to pay for data. Just have your provider to block data. The company I order this phone were awesome. No complaints about them.

This phone was bought for my boyfriend who is not gentle with cell phones. This ohone is perfect for that kind of user, very durable!

Nice phone except that it has a design flaw that does not lock the battery in place. The seller was kind enough to send another battery thinking that perhaps the battery itself was flawed, but the same thing happens continuously.The clip does not lock the battery secure enough - and even the slightest rub against another object may cause it to fall off.

I purchased this phone about 3+ years ago and loved it ... then last August I dropped it in a bucket of Mr. Clean after washing my floor. It has the greatest keyboard that is very easy to text on with very easy to read keyboard. If your looking for a phone to just talk & text on I would definitely recommend this phone to anybody ... Emmie

I bought this for my daughter. It works nicely.  It text messages well, has a nice QWERTY keyboard, but if I want to attach a photo and send it, she doesn't receive that photo. Just the text message. Consider that before you buy it. If you just need it for basic service like just talk and text, you're good. If you're looking for a little more, you should just skip it.

I ordered this LG enV3 phone, as my LG enV2 was 4 years old, and was scratched up.  The phone still worked great, but I wanted a newer one of the same model.  I did NOT need a Smart phone with a bunch of bells and whistles, or Internet.  I loved my enV2, and was so glad to find the enV3!  I called to talk to a rep about the phone, and everything he told me was correct.  I recevied the phone in 3 days! Amazing!  And it works great!  I love it! I highly recommend Just Cellular!

Had this phone new from Verizon a few years ago and really liked it, so decided to try refurbished one. The first one that I got from Just Cellular had several major problems with it and I sent it back for free with the companies help.  Just Cellular has been very responsive in dealing with getting a replacement and making sure that I was satisfied.  The second phone has been great.

received the phone fast and works like a charm so far thanks for the phone it was just like the one before

I am transferring to ATT and the saddest part is giving up this phone. I have gone through 3 of these in the last 4 years and would continue to use it as long as I could if I wasn't leaving Verizon. It is user friendly; i can get through all the options very quickly from either the front or when you open the phone and the querty keyboard is big enough that you don't mistype. I love that there is no touchscreen to fool with. The camera is more than adequate and the phone is sturdy if dropped or used hard. The charge holds for a long time; even after two years my phone would still hold a charge for hours. I recommend this phone to anyone.

Bought it for my mom who doesn't need a fancy touch phone.  She loves it because it just works when you need it to.

I was super excited to get this phone because it was purple and had a 98% satisfaction guarantee. When I received it I couldn't activate it with Verizon because it did not have a MEID#. The guy from Verizon said that when it doesn't have a MEID# that's like a person not having a social security number, it doesn't exist! So the two hours I spend trying to activate this phone were such a waste of my time!

2nd phone like this I have purchased they r a great little durable phone for Ur kids first phone or for someone who is clumsy with phone great durable phone

My husband and I both got this phone.  Within a few months of getting them they both started to shut themselves off.  Sometimes in the middle of a conversation.  VERY annoying.  My husbands started to randomly reset the interior and exterior wallpapers back to the default settings.  My husbands turned his in after 11 months for a certified-refurbished one.  It worked fine for the first 6 months.  Now the interior wallpaper is randomly resetting itself.  Not worth the money!!! I have heard that the updated model of this phone still have these same problems.

Great phone! I purchased it so that my mother could text comfortably-she loves it. Great way to keep in touch with the grand kids!

I have a LG enV3 and like the phone. Bought this one and I am very pleased with the purchase. Thank you.

This phone is awesome for texting. I've had this model for a few years and actually tried a &#34;newer&#34; one but ended up having to find this model again for my own sanity.

From the moment I saw this little phone I fell in love with it.  Got off to a rocky start in that the first phone I received I had to return it as it had problems and according to verizon it was not a "new" phone despite it saying it was.  They discovered it had been used by one other person.  After about a week it had problems.  The main reason being that it constantly shut itself off and thus you lost your call, or if you were texting you lost your text,the battery indicator always showed "full" leaving you with no idea what was left. The battery itself kept falling out and Verizon said to put a small piece of a business card under the battery and it would hold it in place.  I returned the phone not wanting to have these problems with a "new" phone.  But I still wanted this particular phone.  I found someone in NY that had brand new ones and got one from them and have had it now for a month and have not had a single problem with it and it is such fun to use.  It is considered a "border line dumb phone" but when you go to register it with Verizon for the $50 a month prepaid plan with unlimited talk and text, it won't let you. It's serial number indicates it is a smartphone because you can access email but as I understood it you did need a data package to do that. Others say you don't. It has a small amount of multi media that would work with a data package.  But I don't care about that stuff because all I wanted was a simple great little phone with the qwerty keyboard.  If I want to get on line, etc.  I have my laptop to do all that.  I just don't need to be paying for a phone to do the same thing my laptop does I also paying for.  Call me frugle.  I absolutely adore this little phone, it is easy to use, comfortable to hold, great sound quality, clear.  The one thing that I was instantly sold on and wish more phones would be like this one is to get to its keyboard all you do it turn it sideways and open it up!  The keyboard does not slide out, it just rolls back!  Thus it is very slim with no bulk.  It comes in both burgundy and dark blue.  I got the burgundy one and am not sorry. I just wish the phones would come with a user's manual.  They seem to all be on line now. That sucks.  I printed mine off and took it to an office supply store and had it trimmed down to a manageable 5x7 size and put a spiral binder on the top.  Works for me.  That's the only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of a 5 star.  The phone itself is a 5 star!  Wish Verizon would bring it back.

Dont waste your money with this company. I bought a phone that turned out to be junk, they sent me another and it broke after a few days. I am still waiting on a return label, it has been a month.

I broke my phone a little while back and wanted to replace it with another enV3, since I love this little phone! My original enV was perfect, not a flaw with it. I looked at the reviews and I ordered another red enV from this dealer. It shipped just fine but when I pulled it out of the packaging the phone itself was scratched up to high heaven! The front had big long scratches in it, it looked like it had been thrown out of a moving car before they shipped it! It looked worse than my old one did, and I had that phone for 4 years!!! It worked just fine I guess, but I couldn't get over how junky it looked. I take care of my things, and I was so embarrassed to carry it around. I now have a new iphone 4s that I got as a gift, so I don't have to use the phone anymore. It was a quick fix, but I would NOT buy from this seller. You're not getting your moneys worth! You can probably get one of better looking quality someplace else!

Got this for a replacement phone for my 13 yr old,she loved it ... Perfect texting phone,now to keep it out of the washer!:/

This is a great little phone and the reception is so much better than even the expensive phones that are brand new. I would buy it again.

Recently my wife's LG enV3 stopped working. She owned this phone for several years and loved it. It does everything that she wants it to do. Giving a review on such an old model... is probably moot. But I will say the seller listed the phone correctly, it arrived NEW, in it's original box and the phone works as expected. We replaced it on Verizon.... with NO CONTRACT and NO DATA Plan.

At first sight this phone appears to be brand new. However, I have never purchased a new phone with scratches all over the camera lens. But it works and my wife is happy. That's all that matters i suppose. Just be careful.

TO MY SELLER...I HAVE BEEN MORE THAN PATIENT WITH THIS FONE...I LOVE LOVE LOVE THE MODEL..*g*evv*vx9200.*HOWEVER>>>THIS PHONE WAS TO BE BRAND NEW WHEN I BOUGHT IT AND WHEN I TRIED TO ACTIVATE IT>>>IT WAS NOT NEW.I TRIED TO LET THAT ISSUE SLIDE TOO BUT ABOUT 4-5 TIMES A MONTH THIS PHONE GOES BLACK FOR DAYS AND WHAT HELP IS THAT???I WOULD BE SO PLEASED IF YA'LL WOULD TAKE THIS PHONE BACK AND SEND ME a ""BRAND NEW PHONE"" {like it was suppose to be in the first place} i'd be awful grateful and will tell the world you were very cool and responsible about it all- if you fix this and send me the correct item OF THE EXACT SAME KIND>[[color IS NOT an issue but i LIKE the ORANGE,red or DARK blue]],,,I JUST NEED THE FONE I ORDERED AND THIS PHONE STILL DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY...I WILL STILL BE A CUSTOMER FOR YOU AS LONG AS YOU FIX THIS PROBLEM...ITS BEEN LESS THAN 6 MONTHS AND I TAKE VERY EXCELLENT CARE OF MY ELECTRONICS AND SUCH.I AM A LOYAL AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER AND LOVE THIS SITE AS WELL...DARLINS...I JUST NEED MY FONE TO WORK PROPERLY AND IT WAS NOT BRAND NEW AS IT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE...MY  NUMBER FOR WHOMEVER IS 3609390627 IF WE NEED TO SPEAK.I KNOW I WILL LOSE ALL MY RINGTONES AND LIKELY EVEN GAMES BUT I NEED TO RESOLVE THIS SO ALL OF US ARE HAPPY AND I GET THE CORRECT ITEM...THANX YA'LL...WE CAN WORK THIS OUT..TERESA ECKHARDT

Pretty good phone with some features, but does have a high rate of failure in its background.  I would stick with a Samsung Intensity II or something more durable.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my 80-yo Mother's lost phone.  We weren't eligible for any upgrade at this time, so buying it here at Amazon was MUCH cheaper than if we had purchased directly from Verizon  (that's the first GREAT selling point).I wasn't sure if she would like it as much as the one she had, (she doesn't like complicated stuff; just wanted a basic phone for calls and texts) so I told her I would trade with her if she didn't like this one, since I have the exact same model phone that she had/lost.  I was secretly kind of hoping she would say she liked her old one better, but, alas, she absolutely LOVES this phone!  She likes the slim feel, and the way it opens, simple to figure out, and says the keyboard is much easier for her to use - maybe a little more space between the keys and/or slightly larger (?)  She is very pleased - and even more so because red is her favorite color.The one drawback is that it does not come with a manual (there is a note that says they're trying to be "green" and save resources), but instead has a little mini-CD (she said her computer won't read it), and when she went to the website that the seller included in the package, she was not able to find a manual for her model.  I think I'll be able to find one at the manufacturer's website, but they SHOULD have included a manual, rather than expecting people to hunt one down and either read it on the computer or have to print it out - that's ridiculous, a definite negative, and the only reason it got 4 stars in stead of 5.  A manual is just plain essential and I really can't believe they were too cheap to include one.Phone arrived quickly, in perfect condition, with all manufacturer wrappings and stuff, in brand-new condition (as described)

This phone is a workhorse. The battery lasts forever, calls are clear and loud enough, and the texting keyboard is excellent. I used it as a cheap temporary phone while waiting for an upgrade, but I'd have been totally happy using it for years.

I ordered and returned this item twice and am now on my 3rd phone. The first time the microphone didn't function. The second came with a cracked inside screen. Both appeared to have been refurbished and came in non-manufacturer boxes. The third came in the manufacturers box, but after 3 months the outer screen began to build up dust underneath and then eventually fell off, subsequently the inner screen became damaged. It was out of the warranty period for JustCellular, so I sent it to LG. They reviewed my case and determined the LCD screen was damaged because of me and could not fix it. While that is true, THAT HAPPENED BECAUSE THE OUTER SCREEN FELL OFF! They said that didn't matter, thus making a circular argument that because one thing failed in their phone it is still my fault because I broke the inner LCD! This is like saying the brakes went out in my car but I am responsible to the front end damage because I should have avoided the car in front of me. RIDICULOUS! Notably, their repair technicians/reviewers are paid LG employees, so there is a conflict in interest in who to blame for damage; they should use a 3rd party service. I will never buy an LG product again, their customer service was rude and terrible at best.

My daughter decided to give up her iphone and return to a less demanding flip phone, with keyboard for texting.  It was easy to set up with our Verizon carrier.  She is very satisfied with this phone.

I bought this same phone several years ago when it first came out, and really loved it. I had it for over three years until my daughter borrowed it and lost it. My husband, who now has some sort of palsy, and naturally large hands anyway, has a great deal of trouble using today's progressively smaller and smaller phones, so I bought this phone for him, since the keys are somewhat bigger and the setup of the phone would be a little easier for him to use.  So far, the phone is reminding me why I loved it so much when I had it, and I'm considering buying one for myself once more, instead of contracting on my plan for a newer phone that I don't even know for certain will work as well as this one.  It's easy to use and the user interface is a snap to figure out.  Definitely one of LG's better phones and a worthwhile buy.

I think this is the best phone ever and should replace all flip phones.  Although it browses the web, its strength is that it is a good phone and a great texting machine.  If LG were smart they would reissue these as a flip phone alternative.

I love this little phone!  I have had plenty of phones and this one tops them all by far.  I have been described as a "monster texter" and this phone is great for that.  But it also has a super camera and operates perfectly as a phone.  Even after my guy got me an iPhone I insisted on keeping this phone, too, because nothing facilitates texts like this and it doesn't impose bizarre spelling on my words.  When the battery started to fade, I got a new one.  Now the phone is getting a little old and it is starting to turn off by itself.  But I have been so pleased with it that I am ordering a new one from an Amazon vendor as opposed to buying a refurbished one from Verizon.  I hope I will have many more happy years with the LG enV3!

Wife very happy with phone works great same phone as she had didn't want to upgrade easy to hook up

This phone was said to be new it is far from new . The camera takes fuzzy pictures and the battery does not keep a charge at all . I am very dissappointed with this phone.

I love this phone - it feels good in the hand, the color is lovely, and the keyboard is perfect for texting and entering information. I'm not a techy type, but I've found it's super easy to access all the features.  The camera is surprisingly excellent - takes great photos, of a quality equal to my point and shoot. My only problem at all is that the display scratches easily. This may be true of most phone displays, though.

The phone looked like it was brand new condition. Minor scratches on the outer screen, held battery charge and very easy to use and add to my already Verizon account.

This phone looked fantastic coming out of box but I find that it frequently just turns off on it's own.

Not sturdy at all. Thought it would be a great phone for my middle schooler but it was really &#34;weak&#34;. She's known for taking great care of her things... The first week the flip broke on one end.

I had the original envy's and LG makes such a good product.  It is sturdy and very functional, plus Verizon will not charge you a data charge with these phones!!  This makes everyone happy, except maybe Verizon.

I am very satisfied with my cell phone purchase.  It arrived very quickly and in almost excellent condition.  I have been using it for a couple of weeks now and have encountered no problems.

Very happy with this phone. The auto lock is very handy, if occasionally a hassle. Cute icons and easy to use text pad.

The phone works good so far but, I paid for a NEW ONE and I got an refurbished one!! Not happy about it.

Phone was in very condition. better than what i expected for a used phone. Works fine. I have the same model, so this was a good replacement for the price. arrived on time. Thanks again

I really have been enjoying this phone..Its sparkles like a diamond an works with speed..than you ..so very much.Oh it was delivered ahead of the projected time line...

I have had this phone for approximately 1year. Th battery life is low, and new batteries are $60.00 and above. If you are someone how uses this phone to check email or doing anything online DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!! The battery will not last; it is to slow. For evryday use it is fine the keyboard is great for texting.

Great Phone.We have had it for soom time.Would buy one again.Also great price for this phone.Just make sur you buy I new one so you know it will work fine.

I received this phone in two days. Everything was in place, appearing to be brand new, as stated. The speaker on this phone is the only thing I question. My husband just started using it so he needs some time to get used to it and see just how the speaker works. It's very loud and kind of tinny. We are hoping that calms down. Otherwise we really like the phone and it's features.

Don't BotherThe speaker was the only way to talk on this supposedly refurbished like new phone.  Lasted 2 days

this phone is the best for the simple stuff! i love the keyboard flip and not the slide on other phones. this is one tough cookie with a long history! i've dropped this phone quite a few times and it won't die! my wife and daughter have had other phones and now they want this classic one BACK! the 'only' reason i gave it 4 stars is because the headphone jack is not your standard input. But spend a few bucks to buy an adaptable headphone and you're set!

I like my phone alot. i especially like the larger keys for texting. I don't get good reception but, texting always seems to go through a good key board really helps. thank you

I ordered this NEW phone and we cannot make or receive calls on it.  The earpiece or something is not working.  I would like to get this resolved but I have yet to find any contact information.

I purchased this phone to replace an env3 that I had used for almost 3 years. The only problem I had with my first phone is that I could only use speaker phone for calls and soundsfor the last 2 months I used it. That is why I replaced it. This phone is great for texting and is very sturdy. I can't tell you how many times I dropped my first one on the floor and never a problem with it. This phone is well worth the price and for anyone who doesn't want to upgrade to a smart phone this is the phone to get. It is well made unlike most basic phones.

love it.  probably the best phone ive ever owned!  i have owned other phone in the past.  this one is by far the most comfortable to use

The LG enV3 is an amazing phone. It's the perfect size, I love the keyboard design (flips open and is perfect for texting), and has everything I need. When mine decided to stop working over the summer after 3 years of use, I went to amazon to buy another just like it. I bought my second enV3 from the seller Just Cellular. Well, this phone is a piece of crap. It randomly shuts off (even during phone calls), sometimes refuses to charge, and as of today there is no audio for incoming and outgoing calls. Also, the outside color is maroon, but the display themes were for the blue model. This makes me think that the phone was not brand new, although it is supposed to be. There was only a 30 day return policy and my phone didn't start acting up until after a month and a half of use. Therefore, I've been stuck with it. I really do not want to part with the enV3. I cannot stand smartphones and anything with a touch screen, so I am definitely caught between a rock and a hard place. Overall, the enV3 is a good phone. I had just gotten a defective one the second time around. After my experience with it, I would not recommend buying anything from Just Cellular.

i GOT THIS FOR MY WIFE AND IT WORKS LIKE A PHONE. DOING EXACTLY WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED YO DO.

If you don't want a smart phone but would like a phone with a full keyboard and a nice camera. This is the phone for you.I can only say good things about this phone.I used it and then when I got my smart phone, I gave it to my boyfriend who does not like to have to mess around with a phone.It is easy to use and a great price.

I would not recommend this for someone who has larger fingers. The keys are really close together and its hard to punch in the phone number and I have small fingers. The phone is just ok and probably will not ever get another one.

Ordered an Env3 Red with 3MP camera, camcorder, bluetooth, stereo music, MicroSD expand to 16 GB, email.  Got 3 phones.  Low cost. Good customer service.

I like the style/functionality of the LG env3 phone but this phone seems to be defective - freezes up, continually drops my wallpaper photos from my sd card.  my old LG env3 phone works much better with the exception of the earpiece going out - that is why I puchased the new LG env3

Easiest transaction! Recieved phone earlier then projected, I highly recommend this website, helpful and true description of phone, exactly same phone my 80 year old mom needed to replace no stupid smart phones for her!

These phones are great if you just text, take pix and listen to music. That's all I do,,,a smart phone isn't for me.

It was returned last week.  It drops calls and the service is not go on it.  I had one previously that worked great so thought this one would be o.k.

I have Verizon and my current contract was up.  I had an old school phone but wanted to text.  I did not want to pay the extra fee each month for data but did not know how I would feel in a year.  I was told that if I bought a phone through Verizon and renewed my contract I would have to wait two years if I changed my mind and decided that I wanted data.  This phone was the perfect option.  I was able to buy the phone without renewing my contract which leaves my options open.  It was super easy for me to activate the phone using my current phone number and I am not very technical.  I love the phone.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my wife's phone which got washed. It was a used phone but it said that it had been professionally inspected and was  fully functional. however, it would constantly shut off and freeze during startup. I found out that these are common problems with this particular phone, but it wasn't worth the hassle. So, i deactivated it after only about a week and a half of having it.

I love this phone. I upgraded to this phone just because I wanted something basic. This is a great phone and easy to use. It is hard to find a good phone. I used to have a Pantec touch screen and it was awful. Great for texting too. I recommend this phone :)

Very pleased with LG enV3 cell phone.I never purchased a used cell phone before and was concerned about compatibility but the purchase exceeded my expectations! I will definitely go this route whenever I need to buy a new phone.

I ordered this phone about a month ago. I love it so much, I am so impressed! Great for texting, even if you have bigger fingers because the qwerty keyboard is so spacious. The battery, at first, I wasn't impressed with because it lasted about a day AND after it died, I put it on charge when I went to sleep (this was the very first time I charged it, so that may have something to do with it too). When I woke up, (about 9 hours later) it was still charging! It took about 10 hours to charge the first time. BUT as I have used it over this past month and charged it when it died, the battery life is much longer. It once lasted for 5 days without a charge. That being said, don't judge the battery right away, it gets better as you use it. I would recommend this phone to anybody! I'm 15 and to be honest, it's REALLY not necessary to have an expensive smartphone. They have the most problems that come along as you use it and they are annoying. AND the data plans are so expensive, which every smartphone requires. But, if you are on the go all the time, and you constantly need a phone that accesses the internet and gets directions, and what not. Then maybe its for you. But definitely get this phone :)

You just can't kill these phones.  I had one that went through over 100 drops and spent the night in the driveway on the ground sitting in a puddle of water all night from a major storm two different times-it still works!  My son has one as well.  I bought this one from my daughter.  We can text MUCH faster than from a smart phone because of the keyboard.  As for the shutting off problems you read about, just cut a 1/2 inch piece of business card and put it in behind the battery-this fixes the problem by making the battery connection tighter.  The phone was shipped fast, as described, packaged nicely, and we had no problems activating it with Verizon.

Buy this phone only if you want to constantly be plugged into a charger. I'm sorry I ever got it.

Keep in mind, I am not on my phone all the time.  I always have it with me, use it when I need to, take good care of it, never dropped it, never got it wet, yada yada yada.  The volume/speaker died after only a few months.  This is my second one of these phones.  The first one lasted for a few years and was purchased from Verizon.  This was a BIG disappointment.

Made for texting if that is your primary requirement, but not convenient for telephone use with poor design for that capability

I love the lg envy 3 phone- this one however has some glitches- it turns itself off frequently- so i bought a battery hoping this might help- NO- so i contacted seller- he said he had not had any complaints and had sold many- again for a non smart phone love this - but this particular phones has a few quirks- not sure if i would purchase from this seller again- fast delivery though

I have mixed feelings right now with this phone. I've purchased it maybe 5 times now. I really have no use for a smart phone, but this is the most durable phone I've had, but overall this is the best basic phone I have had for the last decade or so.It's simple and easy to use. Smart phone users are jealous of my qwerty keyboard and the buttons on the inside. The camera is also decent. I dropped it off the second floor and it worked great. Just a button half broke off, but still worked!The main issue with this phone is that my mom who's had for longer than I have and only had it once, had the same problem I had. She had the blue version and my dad & I had red. The issue is that you can't talk on it after so long. Maybe a year to two years or so, but you hear nothing. You have to open it and use the speaker to hear. I actually bought this phone a while ago, but am buying ANOTHER one now from eBay in the blue version because of this issue. Luckily, $60 is good for a phone and worth it since I don't need to cost of a smart phone or a need for it.

Solid phone, sturdy, works great, customer service quick - very happy with this purchase!  I would recommend this to any first time phone users.

this phone arrived in good conditionlooked goodactivated easyeasy to workI am very please with this phone

I ordered 2 of these phones. One works fine and the other phone doesn't work and needs to be replaced.

I had to put my review on item since it is a great phone and I recommend it to everyone... I purchased this phone when it came out at the begining of 09 and I still currently have it in use. The cell is very easy to navigate, it takes good pictures, videos and easy to use keyboard. The cell has a memory card slot so you can store your pictures, music, videos on the card instead of phone and it doesn't eat your battery life. Good loud volume for the ringtones and music. It is very though since it's been dropped several times and the phone still good, looks like new and in working conditions. The only downside of this phone is that the battery life won't last like the phone will but actually is not a downside when I have used the phone 24/7 (talking for hours and hours (more than 4 hours at a time), texting as well while talking, taking pictures and videos all the time; more that 800 contacts with addresses, email addresses stored in the phone, and a lot a lot of music like an ipod) and that battery lasted for 2 years. I tried to get the battery at the cell company but they wanted me to upgrade (saying that my phone was old and they had new ones) but most of the new phones have way less battery life that this one. Too bad the cell company stopped selling this specific phone because is the best basic phone I have owned and that is me owning a lot (more than 39) of cell phones through out the years. I bought a new battery for the cell and it's back to working like before, I recommend this cell to anyone, it's a greta buy for any age.

love this phone, i wish i got one for me.no problems with it. clear speeching ,nice pic,nice buttons and a good battery.

When my old phone "died", Verizon told me I would have to upgrade or downgrade because this type of phone was no longer available. Lo and behold, my son found them at Amazon! The phone was exactly like the one I have loved for the past 8 years or so; it arrived in perfect condition, days ahead of the promised time, and I couldn't be happier. The moral; ALWAYS check Amazon.

If you're looking for a phone that's not too &#34;smart&#34; or doesn't need a data plan this is the phone for you. It works great for me, but all I use it for is texting and making calls.

The seller I bought this from sent it SUPER FAST! My teen age son lost his and we needed one quick. It was easy to program and seems to work great in all aspects. Great shipping and it's in great used condition. TY!

This phone was the best phone I ever purchased.  I love it so much that when mine wore out after four years, I bought another one. Then after three years mine was stolen. Couldn't get a new one from the retail store for Verizon. However, I couldn't find another that measured up. Since my cell phone provider didn't sell this one anymore so I bought a new one from an online merchant.  Now I am happy again.

Phone works great.  I wish they would start making phones  like this again.  I like the keyboard and the screen above it.

So far I am loving it. Had a hard time by-passing the data plan but went to a verizon store and they got it done for me. The keyboard is good for texting.

I got this phone to replace my lost iPhone until I got a new one.  For my purposes it worked, but after having an iPhone and being able to simultaneously text and use other applications, it was kind of annoying having to go to separate in and out boxes to read texts instead of having them in one conversation, and that the phone would stop to load a text and I wouldn't be able to do anything else with the phone while the text was loading.
