
I purchased the htc evo 4g from them for 225. they also have a refurbished phone for 165, but i chose the NEW ONE!!! Guess what i get when i get home, a used phone. I decided to just say whatever it looks to be in good condition. Then activation took forever becuase it was used. Then I notice text messages cannot be viewed. Then I cannot type any words with the letters "o" or "p". Then I call to complain and the customer service department is out to lunch. I do not want to return the phone I just want a refund of whatever I have to pay sprint for a new phone because I got the insurance on the phone. I'm sure since they pride themselves on having a 100% satisfaction guarantee that they will come up with something. Thanks a lot ORDERINSTANT

Unit wouldn't activiate with Sprint

I thought it would be a smart move to get the same phone again but the new phone has trouble with the touch screen since day one and there seems to be a problem with displaying  internet pages too .Since this is my active phone now  I cant  just send it back and have no phone at all.

I had this HTC Evo 4g for 4 years when it did finely fall out of my hands onto the concrete and bought another one instead of upgrading because this android phone was a leader in new technologies and it still today stands the test of time...  So I had to buy another one 4 years later...

This cell phone is perfect with hardly any proof that the seller even layed a finger on it! It is a great phone!

The phone is amazing, and exactly as advertised, except it is refurbished and not new.  So far, it is working perfectly. The seller accidentally sent the wrong cord, but very kindly sent me the correct one, and I am happy.  :)

When I first received the phone is seemed to work fine, but a few weeks later it would not turn on. It would freeze on the Sprint home screen as if it were going to load, but never did. Not happy at all with this purchase.

This item is not like new! Had slot of wear & tear. The back plate was cracked & screen had small scratches on it! It works though!

i recommend for you to buy it's really good and works very well. doesn't have any problem or scratchs the operating system works fast.

thanks man my phone came on time. I hope we can do business next timelike I said thanks I hope to do business again

Product arrived exactly as listed, and is working perfectly, I would not hesitate to purchase anything from these guys again, they were excellent!!

great phone im very satisfied phone works great. i recommend this phone to anyone. it is a very fast pnone

Had to replace my old Evo because of a cracked screen. This new phone in perfect condition except for the battery was warped, but good thing for the old battery we could just use the other one.

Service was very poor. I recieved this phone and it was reported lost or stolen. I paid a lot of money for a phone that doesn't work and I'm stuck with it.

For an expensive phone, it is made cheaply.  I am on my second phone because the phone stopped charging.  It was not a problem with the battery but a problem with the phone.  The phone freezes and resets when in use which can make it difficult when trying to make a phone call.  I would suggest choosing a different phone with the Android market.

Needed a new phone STAT!! Broke the screen on my old one and had trouble functionoing without it. Came in quickly as promised!No issues with product or seller.

I have had this phone since it first hit the market and love it. Bought another one when I broke the first one.

what is this you keep asking me to review my order and i keep putting huge amounts of money in the account. what more do you need

Great overall experience with this online purchase that I was very leary to make!! Phone in excellent condition with a charger!! However the battery was no good but I had already ordered an extended life battery for the phone!!  So glad I made this purchase

One of the phones broke within a month.  It was a total waste of money.  I am highly disappointed that I wasted so much money.

The box states 'new', but Sprint won't activate it since it was jail broken/flashed and removed from Sprint inventory. I spoke to Sprint customer service, they told me to go to a corporate office. I did. The office said that since the device was removed from inventory after being jail broken/flashed, there is no way for me to activate it. Was surprised, as sprint has has activated multiple phones for my family plan over the years. I wasted 2 hours at the sprint store and an hour of travel time...Also, the phone arrived with a scratched battery and dinged case. As I really need a new phone, those were unimportant. However, add that to the fact the box says NEW, and this purchase was really a bad decision, and false advertising.

Purchased a used EVO for $100 from this user. The phone came with a charger that didn't work, scratches so bad on the camera lens you can't even take pictures with the main camera & the phone force closes every 10-15 minutes. Needless to say I was very dissapointed in my order. I understand these are used phones but I defini

I would recommend the HTC evo 4g to anyone who has a desire for great new phone. The phone has its flaws, although I find it to remain a fantastic phone despite its faults. The evo has many incredible appendages, even though I strongly recommend this phone, I feel obligated to address its problems as well.First off, the phone's display has breath-taking graphics which cannot be compared to most competition. The phone's 4.3 inch-screen displays pin sharp lettering and vague colored videos. The phone's display is LED, making the screen bright and easier to view on-screen applications. For me, this is a blessing because I can read texts and contacts with no hassle.Another great extra is the phone's camera. The camera is HD with a whopping 8 megapixels to keep your precious memories as vague as the moment they happened. I cannot forget to mention the phone has duel camera, meaning one on the back side of the phone and one on the front as well. Not only are both of the cameras good for taking pictures, but you can also record videos in the same amazing HD view.As I mentioned before the phone does have its flaws, such as overheating. For example, I can have my phone at bedside overnight and wake up to a burning hot phone. Although this has only happened to me a couple of times, I feel it should still be addressed. One way to solve this issue is to keep it in a cooler place; I am convinced it happens because my room temperature fluctuates so much.Another problem I find with this phone is charging. The phone will work well with its original HTC charger. Although, when I used it with a different charger it would only charge to a certain percent and then die on me. The phone would give the impression of being charged although it really wasn't. This is an easy fix; you would just have to use the original HTC charger the phone came with and the phone will charge as normal. Overall, the phone's regular charge lasts about 9 hours. Although, I pretty much use my phone constantly, so a person that may be nonchalant about using their phone, will have a substantially longer battery life than me.My phone service is sprint which is an okay service, nothing too spectacular. I don't like how I only get signal certain places, while in others I'll barely have any bars. Although, signal does vary by your location, so I'm assuming it's just where I live. Do not let the service prevent you from buying the phone though; you will not regret getting the phone.Despite the HTC evo's flaws, I would still recommend this phone because the flaws are easy fixes. This is also a phone for more experienced smart phone users because beginners may find it difficult to use. Every phone has its good and its bad, the evo I believe is the best and easiest to fix when flaws occur.

My new evo 4g arrived here in time thanks to Amazon:)  the phone works like new but my front camera didn't work. Besides that it works fine!

I had problems as soon as I'd opened the box. There was nothing but static when I tried to make a call. It was sold as a new device, I work for sprint and I decided to look it up the device had already been used. I called Customer Service and told them about my findings. they were very helpful. I didn't have to pay for postage to send it back and my money was refunded immediately. I even received the original shipping charge. It wasn't their fault that they received a faulty phone from their vendor. They are just honest people trying to make a living.I rated the item 1 star but the customer service is a 5.

The phone was good for the first 3 days.  On the 4th day, the phone started to have black lines appear all across the screen.  It is now hard to use because the screen does not allow you to text or web search properly.  I will never buy from this person again...  You want to talk about a rip-off!!!!  Such a waste of money

this phone is awesome! It was a Christmas present for my daughter and she loves it! She took it right out of the box and started playing on it. It arrived way sooner than I had expected, also. Really appreciate it. Thank you!!!!!!!!!!

Don't like this phone.  Battery life is very short. It is waste of money and I don't like any of HTC phones.

Purchased this HTC Evo 4g from the Amazon Warehouse and was excited that it looked new.  Placed the battery in phone and found it fully charged and phone operational.  Began the process of activation, only to find the phone was active on someone else sprint account.  I was outraged that Amazon wound sell an obviously unchecked phone.  I boxed it and returned to Amazon.  Look out for bad ESN phones from Amazon!!!!!!!!!!!!

The HTC EVO 4G is a great phone, however the seller of the phone failed to inform me that the phone will only work for a few days! I guess that's why it had such a great price. I had sprint program the phone and update my profile and firmware, everything was great for a few days then the phone just stop working. I wasn't able to send callls nor receive any calls. I also couldn't use my internet as well as text.  Thank goodness I had insurance on the phone. Sprint had to correct the problem. Buying a used phone from this seller was a bad idea.

Really not a big Android fan but the EVO itself is a pretty nice phone. Great sound when I use Pandora.

Phone works and looks great. The battery isn't teriffic, but for the price you can just get a replacement and still be ahead.

The phone was perfect no scratches or nothing ....it was everything the ad said for it and more.......................Wow WowWow

I bought the Evo 4G to replace my Rumor Touch because the battery would not hold a charge.  I shopped for a deal, and found one used here on Amazon for a steal.  The phone is a great size, and looks really nice.  The screen is big and bright which looks nice, but unfortunately drains the battery quickly.  I found it only lasted about 6 hours and plugged it in all the time, which was inconveenient.  After buying an extended battery (also bought cheap here on Amazon) I have no complaints.  Great phone, except for the battery life.

I purchased the Evo with Sprint in February of last year. The phone looked great and handled tasks fine. However, as it aged, the shiny "New phone" look started to drift away. The phone started to go to a minute-long loading screen every time I minimized an app and went to the home screen. It started to refuse to respond whenever the charger was plugged in. The charging port started to fail, and it was harder and harder to get the red LED on the top to light up for charging. Then, I started being unable to change the volume when headphones were plugged in. The touch screen also refused to work with headphones plugged in. The battery started draining so fast, I had to buy an extra battery and keep that charged to get through a day of light use. My friend's old iPhone 3G seems faster. Lately, it seems the phone has become sentient- only occasionally will the touch screen respond, only rarely will it charge easily, and somehow, Bluetooth, GPS, WiFi, and 4G would turn on. All of those, especially the 4G, contributed to battery drain. And now, it's no longer supported by my local Sprint store, nor is it listed online. Hoping for a new phone, this one simply wasn't worth the effort.

The Evo 4G is great phone I am greatly pleased with it functions and how easy it is to navigate thru it's screen and different sites on the Android Network. LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!

the battery had about 30 power the day we opened it also needed a SIM card I would rate it 1 star

The charger port on the phone broke after 2 weeks. I can no longer charge my cell phone and have to buy another one. This was not a good experience. Lesson learned. I will not buy any more refurbished phones.

This phone is great! The seller got it to me early and I activated it same day and it was perfect! I love the features and the hit stand is handy... If I wasn't an apple lover I would have kept it longer...

I bought this phone right before christmas and over all the phone works really good. But the post is misleading because it says this is a new phone. This phone is not new, it is referbished and the reason why i am upset isnt because it is refurbished. I am upset because a refurbished evo 4g is $100 cheaper then this phone is. I paid 280 thinking this was a new phone and another seller was selling "refurbished evo 4g's" for 160!!!!! I am very upset because of this. Another thing is that the battery was bad. They sent me a bad used battery. Luckily i have insurance and sprint gave me a new battery for free, which would have been 40 if they didnt replace it for me, but i am very upset with this company. I love the phone but the company is HORRIBLE!UPDATE!!!!--If i may also add this phone is defective. about 3 months into using this phone the charger port got lose so i brought it to sprint thinking they could fix it and they couldnt. it disconnected completely from the chip?? I dont remember the exact verbage of what was wrong. so i had to pay another 100 as a deductible to sprint for them to send me another phone. This is the most misleading company i have ever ordered from. i will NEVER buy another phone from amazon EVER AGAIN!!! Id rather get what i pay for instead of spending over 400 all together just to get a new phone. Very dissapointed and upset.

It doesn't work as advertised. It does not go on 3g as said in the ads..It keeps locking the screen.

It a gd phone it has a lot of cool this you can do on it I would  will buy again

The phone was supposed to be &#34;new&#34; as in brand new, The phone came without a memory card or a HTC manual. When I tried to put a memory card in the phone it wouldn't recognize it. Due to my need for a working cell phone I had to sign another contract. I'm rather displeased with the vendor and Amazon over the definition of &#34;NEW&#34;

Bought the phone as a replacement for a stolen iPhone 4s due to contract requirements. Within a week the screen was filled with horizontal lines. Then the speaker went out. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

Bought 3 now from 2 different sellers because after buying the first one I loved it over the Samsung Epic 4G I had. The price was the selling point. My daughter has one she goes through them like water and the other is just an extra for when we need it.

The customer service is great, but the phone is terrible. Came used with scuffs on it. And it can't even pick up a signal next to the tower. I've lost and missed  many texts calls and emails because of this phone.

This phone is nice, but I wish the battery would last longer than 5 hours.  I downloaded an &#34;app killer&#34; app to prolong the battery life, but it only extended it by about an hour.  The long-life/extended battery pack is not an option because of the ridiculous size... it's actually quite comical in appearance.  The phone sometimes turns itself off and then back on.  Other than that, I really like the phone.

I purchased these when Sprint would not let me upgrade to the new Iphone 4s.I am happy I did. So far I see no reason to go back to the Iphone next year. The EVO does everything I need, has outstanding clarty, and even on 3G, response is great. On 4G, look out!!!I love the voice features, both dialing and finding aps and even getting directions.I would give it a 5 but I am still a little concerned with how much the main camera protudes out the back of the cover. But I am trying different cases to offset that and do not think it is a big deal. At least not yet.

I have had the HTC Evo 4g for a year and a half. It has exceeded all my expectations for a smartphone. I still haven't utilized all of its capabilities and still learning new things about it. The phone is very underrated and lives in the shadows of Apple iphone and samsung galaxy phones, but i think in many ways it beats those phones. There are a few minor gripes but nothing in comparison how solid the phone is.Pros: Screen at 4.3" is big and amazing. Every time I look at an iphone the screen looks too small. HTC did a great job filling the screen close to all edges. Very little wasted space. HTC sense operating software is excellent and very stable. The capacitive touch buttons are very useful and saves a ton of time to navigate around. The text wrapping on the internet is excellent and a necessity in my opinion. Text wrapping that is absent on the iphone and that is a deal breaker for me. Voice calls are very clear and speaker phone is pretty good. Bluetooth works excellent on my car stereo and links easily every time I get in my car. Ability to swap out batteries is huge bonus. There is a lot more to say but I won't get too wordy.Cons: Battery life isn't the best but at least you can swap a battery out instantly. No photo gallery organization so it just lumps photos in the pre-made categories. I would like to see the ability to customize your photo folders. The camera isn't the best under certain conditions, but can take some great photos. However, you don't know when you are going to get good photos or not, so you can't depend on the camera too much. Phone memory isn't the best. Some pre-installed programs take up space and you can't delete them or move them to the sd card.All in all this is a very competitive phone that stacks up very well against the competition. I think it is a better phone than the iphone. I think that says a lot.

The HTC EVO 4G that was shipped to me is registered to the original owner with Sprint and can't be activated.I am trying to contact the original owner to find out if it was reported lost or stolen.

Great buying experience, I appreciated the way this company conducted business. I got a great phone for a good price and worked with a company that  puts customer service first.

I love that i ordered this at the beginning of the week and its already here. I had no problems with activating the device. I really love how fast it came. Great job! I'd recommend them to anyone looking for a refurbished cell. Wonderful, wonderful services.

Phone was sent without a charger, just a USB cord, which did not work. I had to go all over to find a charger that would work, finally found one, it worked for 2 days then the phone would not charge anymore. Also the volume control would not work. Contacted seller about refund and return and they sent me a long email explaining that I needed to make sure the was broken and things to do to check it (I had had the phone for 2 weeks) I knew it was a broken phone! I sent an email back asking them to honor the 30 day return policy they said they would, but have not responded to any other emails or provided instruction to return the item.

awsome cellphone 4g expirence is verry good the cam is verry good, and the video recording in 720p is awsome

Does it support mobile internet? So that i can download anything through wap. Please help me and sort out my problem, because in specification itz given as gprs-no

I was a little skeptical about ordering a phone online like this. I must say that I was very pleased with this seller. My phone came before the expected date, it was in great condition and they even sent me a complimentary car charger!

I usually don't write any review, but I am really unsatissfied with this phone. First, it takes as long as 1 minute or longer to turn on and load the first page.2. the battery is horrible even you put in a brand new battery. I bought an used HTC from the seller, but the seller gave me an new batterary, due to HTC is knows with short battery. But it still horrible even you put in a brand new battery. If you are luck, 3 hours talk time. if you just use it to browsing web and access android market,... you would get about 3 hours as well.3. the Micro SD slot in locate in a ridiculous place. It locates below the battery. I usually have one micro SD to store my music and I switch it between all my device. I hate I have to open up back cover, take out battery, and insert and take up Micro SD card all the time. Expecially, I have to take charger and looking for power outlet all the time.4. The used HTC doesnot come with 8 GB micro SD card. It only have 360 MB available internal memory to start with.5. Screen freeze too often and it does not response to fingers very well as well.I returned the itemThe seller should pay people to buy their phone. It doesn't worth $135.00 investiment.

There was a mishap with the phone and the company greatly apologized for that. I received an extra battery and charger for the inconvenience. They were great at communication and responded to my email promptly.

After having my Samsung Galaxy III stolen, I decided to purchase this phone since it was not too expensive. I don't really use the phone &#34;extensively&#34;. I only use it to perform basic duties like, phone calls, texts, emails, browsing, Facebook, navigation, and the occasional Hanging with Friends.Not sure if my phone is super duper slow in general or it is slow in comparison to my old Galaxy SIII. The 3g is extremely slow, which I sort of expected, but I did not expect basic usage of the phone to be slow. It is very aggravating. I have already gone into the Sprint store to have it rebooted because it would freeze at the start up.  I bought it for a little over $100 which is cheap for a smart phone... but definitely not worth it.  Try a different phone.

The order said that I would get product one day and I got it way earlier than aniticipated! BF has not activated yet but I am excited about product. Thanks....

The phone was listed as 8.5/10...upon receipt and inspection I would grade it 9/10 and not a 10 only because it IS a used phone but no one would ever know! The price was great compared to other vendors. 1day shipping was QUICK....I ordered late nite Thursday & had my phone by Friday evening. I was truly impressed. Excellent seller.

i received the phone and could not get it activated because you cant make a call.  horriable product returning it right away!

bought this phone as a temp phone until i could upgrade to a new phone. it has the same problems as my other phone, but thankfully, not as bad. it  looks great! the batter doesn't hold a charge, but neither has any of my other htc evo phones. so as a temp phone for a few months,  it's doing a good job!

We like the phone but the screen cracked when it was dropped on a countertop. I don't think that should have happened. I can understand if it was dropped on a hard floor or concrete, but not a very short drop face up on a counter top.

Apps crash often. Battery barely holds an charge for 8 hours, with minimal usage. Never will buy from HTC ever again... Droids is leagues ahead of them in terms in quality. Will never buy HTC ever again.

I bought this phone as a replacement to wait out the two year upgrade. I received the phone promptly as promised but I already experienced issues with the charging port. That was the first issue.The second issue? I went to my carrier to have it activated, only to be told that the phone had been badly rooted - meaning the phone WASN'T NEW.Thirdly, the charger that came with the phone almost couldn't fit into the charging port on the phone and every other charger I've tried ended in failure - my phone battery dies too quickly and it can barely last the whole day.I've been contacted by the person who sold me my case and offered to replace it with another phone at the same price I paid for it. However, I have to cover the shipping cost for sending to them.While I appreciate the seller's efforts to enforce the 100%-satisfaction-guaranteed-or-your-money-back-rule, this is by far no excuse as to why the phone was advertised as new when it wasn't.

Phone works great but has a slight glitch at the top of the screen. Thats a bummer, but other than that its a wonderful phone. Ver satisfied !

All i can say i paid for a advertised new phone n gt a refurb ,when i made a complaint was sent another refurb ,ill take my business elsewhere your refurb in the mail..no than x isnt worth the hassle of changing my line.

The only complaint I have is horrible battery experience. Not much talk time, even if I don't use data or texting.

the phone came so fast i didnt expect it, the phone looks so much better then how they say it looks,it looks fresh out the original box

I recieved my EVO when promised. They described it as used like new and YES it was perfect. I will be getting it activated soon to replace my current 3G phone as soon as I place my order for a protective case. Thank you

Phone came in on time as promised called and had phone activated. Have had phone and found no problems with it. Phone works as promised.

Phone looks fantastic and feels great but after having it for 2 weeks, I've noticed that not only does it go through its battery fast (I knew this going in but even after altering it to have less usage, I still multi-charge daily), I'm having a problem with the mini usb connecter (won't recognize it's being charged--very sensitive).  Going to return the phone :-(Too bad, though.  I liked the phone.

The best service ever. Had no problems with the phone. It came quicker than I thought it would and works like brand new.There are no scratches, or scrapes or any sign of wear and tear on my phone.  I LOVE it!!! I would buy from them again.

great phone. Have it with me constantly. Great reception/ no regrets.  clearpictures. many free apps. easy to text. never regret purshase.

I read several reviews here about the phone being sold as new when, in fact, it is a refurbished phone. Unfortunately I was on the other end of the supply chain of this scam. Amazon has a "trade-in" area of their site whereby you can can send in your old cell phone for an Amazon gift card credit. I did just that--sent in my Sprint HTC EVO 4G in mint condition, factory-reset to deactivae and clear all the data back to its new, out-of-the-box stock condition. When I received notice back several days later, I was informed that my phone was being returned because "Data could not be reset." (Googling this revealed that many people trying to use this Amazon trade-in program have had the same experience). Note that this phone was in exactly the same state that you would receive if you went to Sprint and got one off the shelf. The only explanation that I can think of is that the case was branded "Sprint" and thus, could not be resold as a new, generic HTC EVO 4G as this ad would imply.

This phone sucks.  I didn't buy it from Amazon, but from the Sprint store and I wanted to warn people NOT to get it.  Sometimes it will be fully charged and out of nowhere, my phone will shut off and say that the battery is dead.  Also, the phone doesn't always charge.  This phone is an epic fail.

I hate this phone. It feels like a cheap piece of plastic, it is brand new but the camera wouldn't even work. After combing through online forums i figured out that the new ones have all had the camera disconnected upon delivery and you have to push really hard on the lens until you hear it click into place. The individual settings that you need all the time, such as for brightness or silence can't be placed right on the homepage instead you have to dig around for them. The battery dies on my about four times a day which is ridiculous, my old phone lasted a few days at least. And, the worst part, this phone delivers without a memory card so you can't even copy & paste let alone save, forward, or actually do anything until you realize this and order a memory card and wait for that to come. Also, there is no SCREENSHOT, who would make a phone without this? Also, after combing forums i find that all of the other HTC phones do but, HTC EVO 4G is the only one that does not unless you know how to unroot your phone, whatever that means. I do a lot of research and i NEED screenshots. I had to download an app which is an actual internet browser called the screenshot browser and it crashes constantly but literally it is the only chance I have at saving anything on this stupid phone. Needless to say, i wasted my hundred bucks. Oh, and did I mention that the screen cracked the very first day from just setting it down on a table. No wonder it said &#34;no returns&#34; I should have seen the red flags waving, how others left this a positive review is beyond me, must be paid through the HTC company or something. I would pay someone to take this stupid thing off my hands. I hate it so much that I never even bothered to put my contacts into it, there is no way this will be a long term relationship between me and HTC, I will never again buy their product.

phone worked great but wouldn't recharge.Why you asked, because someone tried to &#34;rig&#34; the phone to work by changing the circuits inside. it was probably hot. good job.oh yeah and it was sold through Proline distributors so i wouldn't recommend buying anything from them.

We received the phone quickly and its in good shape,definitely worth it compared to buying a new. I would do it again.

This cellphone always gives me issues. Honestly, it's because of this phone I'm thinking of getting an iphone. It lags, and takes forever to start up, and has TERRIBLE battery life.

Like the phone, the HTC has evolved well in apps, ease of use and size and weight since the HTC Hero introduced a few years ago. It does have some issues that I have been having with every smart phone I have owned. Repeatedly, randomly, but regularly receive error messages regarding text. Usually the problem is my text failing when sent from my home. During one of these times, (hours to days just depends) the texts I receive start repetitively come back to me as new messages, with the original first time stamp on all of them, and it's any where from three or four to yesterday where one text from one person showed up as a new message, 28 tmes, tjis, even after I actually got through to him. This problem seems to be confined to when I am in my home, less than one mile from my tower, and have had other smart phones, and partner has smart phone on same account. Interesting that he has never had this issue. Another commonality with other owners of HTC phones. The first complaint I made was two years ago with my Sprint Gallaxy, I was told at the time that &#34;They were doing some upgrading in my area and should be resolved very soon&#34;/ This past weekend reading the forums on this issue and research online, It is the same complaint from others, and they date back three years, and just last week, a rep responded to one customer, &#34;we are upgrading in your area right now should be cleared up soon&#34; And all who have the issue, have the Airwave Router from Sprint in their home.

The phone is generally OK except the volume does not adjust and this fact was not provided in the description.

Great seller, fast shipping, product exactly as described. Thanks! Phone calmer in box with what looked like factory covers (referb) no problems yet and I've had the phone for a month

really loved phone, however after 3 days the sensor stopped working on phone, rather than send it back and wait another wk for another one to be sent, i had the insurance thru the carrier and opted for a new one thru them,just wish people would be honest when they state phone is exellent.

Will not purchase from this seller, checked reviews but bad experience for me. The phone appeared to be new by the packaging, however SD card was obviously removed from the phone and the battery was defective. No longer a decent price as I have to purchase a new battery and SD card.

From the moment I opened the box I feel in love with this phone. Out was big it had a great camera, a kick stand and it was much better than the iPhone 4 so I was happy. This is a wonderful phone except it has three major flaws. For one as soon as I plugged it in I was having problems with it's charging port, then i did some investigating and found out that it happens a lot. Secondly HTC phones are prone to cracking. Thirdly the battery life is poor it takes a lot of work to make it last the day.

My Samsung phone Android experience was slightly different than my HTC Android phone experience. HTC is definitely better, more stable, browsing is better, battery life is worse but the overall quality and the sturdiness of the phone in question is penultimate. Let me try to tell you why I am so enamored by this phone.1. The browsing is excellent, the downloading is quick, the web pages load in seconds and even on 3G the phone is super fast, I have never switched on the 4G for more than an hour and feel it should only be done when you're downloading a very big file. You may wonder what the purpose of 4G is, so well, although the 4G function is there, this phone is faster than any 3G phones available on the network by a mile (Hero, Moment, Optimus S to name a few) So the browsing is excellent.2. I used GPS once while trying to locate a bar a friend of mine was at in downtown. Anyone who's been to downtown manhattan knows what a headache directions are there but using this I got there just in time. Yes, it takes a bit of getting used to and yes if you forget to switch the GPS off, the phone is going to complain and be really hot.3. Of maybe the seven or eight phones I've used in my life time, this one has the loudest speaker when using Pandora. It is very clear at the same time. While the EPIC may have a louder speaker, the Evo has the clear one, for hours at a time I let it play at volume level 2 with the screen switched off and it is the most delightful jukebox. There are several applications for music and the phone's customization and level of speed and concentration is nothing short of excellent. It never confuses between two running apps and multi-tasking is the best on any phone. Credit to Android and HTC Sense developers.4. The kickstand is a unique feature which can be helpful once in a way, the back of the black EVO is smooth and a pleasure to hold in your hands. The QWERTY touchscreen is really good and I have almost mastered it. When I was using the Nexus S, the touchscreen keyboard was awful. The touchscreen on this phone is the best i have seen on any phone. It is maybe better than my ipod touch too which now is a device i never touch. I don't need to use SWYPE cause I'm fast enough holding the phone vertically.5. The alarm feature is just awesome and I had to make a point about it because even if you're listening to music it will give two sounds, one for the music, the other for the alarm, functionality and customization again get a big score here. The NOTIFICATION bar is the best I've seen on any Android phone.6. The BATTERY life is horrid. Worse than Samsung phones. I have a solution that will cost you money. There is a Seidio battery which goes into your phone but doesn't require an extended back. Get that and you will get a day with your phone. With the STOCK BATTERY, there is no use using your phone.7. One of my BIGGEST COMPLAINTS with this phone is the earphone speaker being way too low. When I'm in a busy room full of people, I always have to get up and go out. With my Blackberry or Samsung I never had to this. So yes, this is not the best phone in the world to talk with. It's a very big flaw and makes me dislike the phone immensely. When you plug in headphones, it is loud enough of course but who does that everyday or all the time? not me i guess.8. Ships with 8GB memory, the touchscreen is flawless and never skips a single beat, the phone never freezes and yes, it has restarted itself once or twice since I have had it but I have never had a phone that doesn't ever reboot once in a way so can't complain. I don't use any app killer, at night i keep my brightness to the lowest level, I restart my phone daily to kill any apps running in the background. I use Winamp for playing music. There are several shortcut and widget options. The phone has a beautiful time display, weather display and quite a sense of humor too. The four capacitive buttons always work.The GREEN NOTIFICATION light is friendly and not too urgent like the Blackberry's RED. I know it is silly to compare but I am silly. The camera is just awful to be honest. Though better than the Blackberry, it is still very difficult to take pictures in the night. The flash is too flashy and washes out the face. Netflix runs smooth, I haven't cracked the screen yet but I've seen several cracked Evo's. I didn't bother rooting it or any of that nonsense.Overall, a solid phone with 2 flaws I can live with. I am not going to deduct any marks because the phone has several stand outs.

Everything good except the battery sucks... I dies really quick ...so I have to order a new one.. but overall the phone seems good! With a few scratches

First time owning an Android phone. Read online this phone was top rated when it came out 2 or 3 years ago. I am surprised that it still works very well, especially for the price! I can see this phone easily lasting and running well until my contract renewal with my phone company next year :) Product came as promised from seller, looked brand new.

the cell phone in general in good conditions, but the device was not unlock, I unlock it but I need to pay for that

I love my HTC EVO. The price was affordable and the phone was in great condition. The camera however changes color when I takes pictures. Other than that, its the best!!!!

Came in like new.the phones  fast I'm use it to write the review the camra is better than my old phone or has a big screen

The phone is in better condition than I hoped for but it has some slight mechanical issues. I had to put a case on it because the back was wobbly.

Received phone quickly with charger, booklet, and battery. Only complaint is the 'y' and 'g' keys when typing upright won't press. I work around this by flipping the screen sideways or using the auto correct so its not a big deal for me. For a refurbished phone I have no serious complaints and the price was great. A new version of this phone from Sprint is listed at $499 on their site.

It's garbage completely sucks came all beat up surprised it even came with a box waste of money seriously horrible

If you compare this phone to the iPhone 4 or iPhone 4s, they would all have a few wins, losses and draws. But at the end this phone would win.

I purchase this phone $40 after my son lost his phone and was told it would cost $200 for deductible to replace.  He loves his new phone and I saved $160

Device arrived in 2 days...in Excellent Condition!!!! clean, transferred w/no issues...updated already...accepted my 16G mem card...I might be be kinda happy....just might be......

For a flagship phone there is a LOT to be desired. The charging port is pretty wonky, to say that you have to fiddle with the cable to get it to work. The hardware buttons are already starting to act funny as well.I've owned plenty of high end phones, including the best from Samsung and Apple, and this is far below par.

Bought this phone for my husband so far he has had no issues.  Activated easily and it looks brand new great purchase thank you

I did not like this product a lot because I had no descriptions Rhodesia that the product was repaired, only used desia or pictures you could see the scratches had hope they can resolve that.

I went from an Iphone 4s and I have to say that I like this phone better for the most part. I was not about to pay over a hundred dollars for another Iphone so this was perfect. I am very happy with it.

I am Very satisfied with product. It's almost new and although the charger was broken and cd card gone, those were easily and inexpensively replaced.

Bought this phone from wireless warehouse USA for 40$ and all I got to say is wow there is not one single scratch on this I will soon update on how it runs and works

Didn't last long. Crashes a lot. Gave out after my husband cracked the screen. If you have Sprint this is the worst phone to get!!

I really liked the phone when I read about it; but after I ordered it I played around with a friend of mine's phone and found it big and too complicated for my use.  However, the customer service was excellent and I was never given any grief about the return.  Thank you!

I love the phone, but it is a shame it has such a short battery life. If I use the phone from 7am, 5 times for calls less then 4 minutes each...by 5pm..the phone is outta juice and MUST be plugged in...or else it turns off. This phone is great..the battery life is very poor.

i bought this phone as a back up for my evo 4g lte and when i needed to activate it sprint couldnt. so i decided to use it as a music phone and when the volume up decided it wanted to break i took the phone apart and there were fingerprints all over the motherboard. and i know they wernt mine. i love this phone to this day it serves me well but when i truely needed this phone to be activated sprint tried everything in their power and the phone would not activate. i apologize if this is directed at the wrong people but check your damn phones before you shippem out also the camera only works about 30% of the time and that was even bore i took the phone apart.

I absolutely love this phone, no complaints, and the shipping was pretty good only took 3 days. The screen is plenty big enough for just about anyone to use and works great. Graphics on it are really good and all out a fast phone. I absolutely love it.

I purchased this phone for my daughter. right off the bat she said part of the screen did not work which I later confirmed then it gave us trouble charging. took it to sprint and they said the port was bad. not happy at all

Its Slow N The Charger On The Phone Doesnt Work Need A New Phone Feels Like iGot Ripped Off U Wont See Me Buy Anytin From Yall Again

I ordered this phone as a cheap replacement for a lost phone. The phone came in on time and was in great condition. Activation went smoothly and I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good cheap replacement

The phone will NOT charge. When I received it there was damage to the area where you plug in the phone. It was my husbands and he hates returning things. It was meant to replace his old phone that he cracked the display on. He has to place the battery in his other phone to charge it and then replace it into this HTC because this product would not hold the charger. We tried many different chargers that fit this model . Very disappointed in this seller.

It has been a great item for me to use. I have not had any complications with the cell phone. Thanks!!!

On time, works great, great price! Enuff said.I will def use this again. Absolutley wonderful product, and great customer service.

The phone came nicely packaged. Right out of the box the vibrator seemed loose in place. The touch screen is extremely bad. I have to turn off the screen and turn it back on to be able to work with phone for 2-3 min. if your hands are a bit wet or sweaty, the phone goes crazy. It text, zoom or call random people and you cannot stop it.Don't buy it.

This phone is absolutely terrible. The first couple month are fine, then it just starts falling appart. The phone is very very slow, has very low internal memory. Buy a Iphone

I RECEIVED MY PHONE IN GR8 CONDITION THANKS SOOOO MUCH!!!!! I WAS PLEASE WITH THE TURNAROUND TIME AND ALL. THE PHONE WORKED WITH OUT ANY PROBLEMS NO SCRATCHES OR SHATTERED SCREENS NO DUMMY PHONE IT ACTUALLY WAS WHAT I PURCHASED AND IM SOOOOO VERY PROUD FOR THAT .THERE ARENT MANY TRUSTED VENDORS BUT WE ARE VERY PLEASED WITH THE PHONE WE ARE GOING TO PURCHASE MY HUBBY THE SAME PHONE FOR FATHERS DAY HE WILL ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT

He loves this phone. It is never for from his hands. He is looking for a spare for parts. Great gift.

I bought two, one for me one for my spouse. We love them. Great features. Love the kick stand makes it easy to watch movies.

This product stopped working shortly after purchasing it, it was slow and could not hold a charge for longer than an hour.

I was told by several co-workers to check for a new phone on this site and I found this great phone! Haven't had any problems and this will be my mode of shopping from now on! The return policy is great so its a win-win situation!

I love this phone alot.I broke my first one and wanted another one.I'm really happy with the buyer and the shipping was great,got it pretty quick!Thanks again:)

I had a minor problem with my phone I emailed them and they contacted me that day. Not only did they get a tech on the line she told me if they couldn't trouble shoot it they would pay for me to take it to a Sprint repair shop. That is the  best customer service I have ever had. keep up the good work.HTC EVO 4G Android Cell Phone for Sprint

Nice phone.  Fast delivery and I got it at a wonderful price.  The internet and all the apps are really fast.  I love using this phone more than using my computer at home.

Everything went smooth except for the fact that phone did not come with an sd card. I had to buy it for $10 afterwards.

After activating this phone and paying $30 for it, I the signal bars on the phone kept fluctuating from full bars to none, and I kept getting a message saying, "The call origination attempt failed due to an immediate signal loss (or no signal)."Do NOT trust this seller or his piece of trash phones.Buying from him will only cause your grief. You have been warned.

1 1/2 months after I got the phone, the screen went completely black.  I paid about $170 for it, after my other Sprint phone messed up. Nothing I could do fixed it. I took it to Sprint, they said it would be $50 to fix it. Honestly, I didn't think it was worth it. But, until it messed up, it was an ideal phone.

I have no problem with this item. It arrived earlier than time expected and nothing wrong with it upon arrival. Very honest seller and the product features  are all perfect as seller's advertised.

I recently ordered the EVO 4g, and it is a great phone. Pretty fast compared to my last android. Having a problem with the camera/camcorder right now though, as it is not properly working. Besides that, the phone is cool and I am satisfied.

The device I received was no good. The current board inside the phone was off track so therefore my phone stop charging three days later and the phone die quick.

When I got the phone it had water damage on the battery and phone and stopped working after  2 weeks. The phone would not hold a charge for more then an hour when i wasn't using it and eventually stopped charging all together. Service wasn't good seller didn't follow up. I was very unsatisfied with the whole experience.

The battery does make your phone seem bulky, but it is well worth the purchase. I read alot of reviews before I chose this battery, and I will say it has exceeded my expectations. It comes with very clear instructions on the first 5 uses, and I am not sure I could kill this battery if I tried. The battery arrived early, and was well worth the purchase.

I really like it the only thing I don't like is that I can't snap shot and i can't save my pictures to my phone off of a social network

Everything came packaged as in picture and description. I'm very satisfied with my purchase and recommend it to the buyer

Overall everything was perfect - screen looked brand new and battery was also in excellent shape. I would rate the phone a 9 out of 10 ----it a little heavy, but overall works great.

I was in the market for a new phone, because I unfortunately decided to merge with my boyfriend's Sprint plan to save money (I was a T-Mobile customer).  After seeing this phone for a $99 promotion at the Sprint store, I had to buy it.  With one of the biggest screens out there, the Android operating system, and the great applications it comes with, it was a no-brainer.  Overall, I love this phone.PROS+This phone has a HUGE screen.  Compare it to most smartphones and it puts them to shame.+It comes with great pre-installed apps, especially the GPS app it comes with.  This is a really great substitute for a GPS.+It's Android.  I personally highly prefer Android over Apple OS, so this is a pro to me.+"Kickstand" allows you to prop up your phone to watch video.+1.3 MP camera and you can even adjust it so it aims toward you.  Really great for taking pictures of yourself :P+4G - I don't use it too often, but I can't deny it's speediness.  As long as you are in a 4G area, your internet and phone quality is way faster and better quality than 3G by a long shot.+Easy to use.  So easy, my mom could use it.  Very user-friendly.+It's so sleek and thin.CONS+As a Sprint phone, I will say this...I don't like Sprint.  Recently switching from T-Mobile, I didn't expect to see such a huge change in network quality, but I did.  I can't get reception in parts of my house, friends tell me that their calls go straight to voicemail more than half the time (I never even hear it ring), calls drop all of the time, I get the dreaded "network busy" error frequently.  It's a nightmare.  Considering I live within a few miles of the Sprint Headquarters, I expected more.+It's definitely not for the klutzy.  Well, I'm a klutz, and I already broke this phone once.  I dropped it screen down about 2 feet above concrete, and it shattered almost completely.  It was actually still usable, but painful to type on.  By comparison, I used to have the MyTouch with T-Mobile, and even though it was totally beat up, I never completely broke it.  You definitely need a case for this phone.+Battery life.  This is a common complaint with most smartphones, but I found it particularly bad on this one.  I even bought the extended battery, and I swear it hasn't made a bit of difference.  Even when taking every step that I can, battery life is still bad.This is what I do to help my battery from draining:-When I don't care about using the internet and know I won't for awhile, I turn off all mobile networks completely.-Make sure Wi-Fi/4G is off-Instead of 60 seconds until it turns to black, make it 30.-Adjust brightness so it's not so bright.-Turn off GPS/Bluetooth.It's admittedly kind of a pain doing all of this to conserve battery life, but if you keep all of that on, your phone will be dead in no time, *even* with an extended battery.  However, I still love my phone.  Sprint, durability, and battery life are my main complaints of it.  I highly suggest a case.  They even make them for EVOs with extended batteries, even though they don't get as fancy.Overall, this is a great, modern phone.  I would recommend this!

The phone came quick and looked almost brand new!!! Easy to activate and set up. A little dissapointed with the charger they sent didnt work but i had one on hand so wasnt a big issue!

Great phone! I will never leave the htc phone brand. The phone is perfect. It can handle many drops and cracks but still be in perfect working condition! After two years of use, it is still going strong.... Im actually upset that it works so well because normally warrenty would have gaven me 4 new phones within the two years!

This phone is great.  It does everything i need it to, and I'm sure if I was one of those people that uses their smart phone to run their lives, it would do that too.  That being said, the battery is TERRIBLE.  The screen is brilliant.  large, bright etc and that's the problem.  The screen uses 70% of the battery.  Even with 4G, GPS and wifi turned off, I cannot get through a full day on a single charge.If you tend to use yur phone a lot and aren't frequently near your car or wall charger, this probably isn't the phone for you.

Its was not as it said but my 10year old had his uncle get it for me so I will send it back I just will not buy from them

I've been wanting an HTC for the longest. I did a lot of shopping around for the right price. I finally found this and I was excited. I received my product within a week, so my review for this product was high. Well the reason why my rating is low because the phone didn't work and I was pissed. The port would not charge.  The positive thing about the company though is that they did not give me a problem with returning and them refunding my money. My advice is not purchase a phone from a 3rd party.

I received the phone I have not dropped or nothing but for some reason the camera does not work and the speaker sounds very ugly during phone calls and I have only had it for month.

The product was okay for a week, but then it wouldn't hold a charge. It also didn't sync with the computer so you could use it as an external hard drive. The seller was great though and gave no hassle on returning the product.

Good phone! I like the set-up. At 1st it had trouble using my WiFi. Now its good. Only $150.00. $100.00 would b more in line with its age.

Phone has no volume except for calls.  Functions good enough until I'm eligible for.my upgrade, but speakerphone doesn't work, nor does ringtone.volume.  Not what I expected, a little disappointed.

It was on time and it works but the only thing I am having problem with is with my service

Un buen telefono excelente condiciones y un telenfono con el internet rapido es bueno.... lo malo es que no es GSM sino CDMA...

I received this product about a month ago and man do I hate it!!  Terrible battery life, when I play music and charge my phone at the same time, I get static noise!! By the way, I bought this product saying the condition is brand new and it turns out someone else had used this phone before.  Never buy this product what so ever.. Everything about this phone is bull****!!!

This phone is awesome! Does crazy things, durable, sleek looking, and works like a charm. The only issue I have is the battery life..it only last about 2 hours but for only $5.00 on here you can find the HCT extended battery and let me say, it is AWESOME! makes this phone perfect! It really is worth buying, I personally think its better than the Iphone!

I ordered this phone on a monday, and chose the regular shipping. well by wednesday when I checked, the phone had not even been shipped yet. So I called amazon and had to change the shipping to 2day. Come Friday when I received the phone I was very impressed with the cosmetic quality of the phone.. it looked brand new. Also I was able to activate the phone by calling sprint and had no problem there. I love my phone and would definitely recommend using The Wireless Circle again for other celluar purchases.

I got the phone with one day delivery. Now I have to find a sprint store because it does not come with an SD card, there is barely any internal storage. The phone is pretty much useless without memory!

This phone is fairly easy to use and should continue to work great for phone calls, checking emails, and surfing the web.

THIS SELLER SENT ME THE PHONE LATE-AFTER I PAID FOR EXPRESS SHIPPING. WHEN I GOT THE PHONE INITIALLY IT WORKED FINE-FOR 1 WEEK. IT FREEZES UP CONSTANTLY, THE BATTERY TIME IS HORRIBLE AND I BARLEY HAVE ANYTHING DOWNLOADED. IF THIS SELLER HAS ANY PROFESSIONALISM, HE WILL SEND ME A REPLACEMENT PHONE-I WILL GLADLY SEND THIS ONE BACK. DO THE RIGHT THING!!

I got this phone after having an LG Optimus for one year. I was pleased with the performance of the LG and thought that it was great for my needs. However, I had a friend playing with his EVO and asked to play a little. The processor on the EVO is insane, the screen and display look amazing and the feel of the phone is great. The screen is an inch larger than the LG, but the phone itself is only 1/2 inch taller and less than 1/2 an inch wider than the LG, making it still easy to fit in a pocket. I have downloaded apps on both 3G and Wifi and can't believe how much faster it is than the LG. The battery life is pretty similar to the LG, it lasts from 0700 to about 1600, but I work in dungeon with no reception, so it's constantly draining looking for signal, common for any phone I have seen in this place. Extra batteries are cheap and easy to swap out.My wife just got an iphone 4s and I was thinking about one also, I'm glad I went with the EVO, bigger screen, SD card, seems more user friendly and I don't have to worry about Siri telling me that she can't answer my question and suggesting I Google it, if I wanted to Google it, I would have in the first place.The ability to add apps to have different launchers and themes gives the Android platform an edge over the iphone, IMO. The boasts of the Apple market having more apps means little to me, everything I can think of is available in some form on Android. Seems to me that there is quite a bit of duplication of many apps on both. Having the Adobe preloaded and not having to Root or Jailbreak my phone to have it is also an edge, one that my wife hates.I ordered the High-Quality SlimLine Tough Case in BLACK for the HTC EVO 4G Phone - Slim Design with Chrome Accents for my phone and it doesn't seem to add much bulk but is very sturdy.The only things I didn't care for were the original lock screen and HTC Sense due to lack of features, these were easy fixes with the download of 2 apps, (lockmenu and GO Launcher EX). This phone is far superior to many that I have seen available, I don't need 3D, and Swype works well on the larger keyboard so I don't long for a physical keyboard on the Shift, even without swype, the keyboard is just as good as the iphone. The speaker is loud and clear on both speakerphone and music, the camera is great and has many options for enhancement. The kickstand is a nice plus, but I have only watched one video, so it doesn't get much use.

Love it my second phone got to love HTC EVO Great phone love the Battery life ove the picture quality.

The phone does not stay charged, cuts off all the time... I wouldn't buy thus again. The battery runs down within one hour. The accessories than claim to come with it- didn't come

THE CHARGER PORT WAS BROKEN WHEN I GOT IT. THE CAMERA WAS BROKEN WHEN I GOT IT. ANYTHING I PLUG INTO IT NEVER WORKS. NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT. PISSED OFF. PHONE CONSTANTLY FREEZES AND SHUTS OFF.! GUESS I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR $75.00 WORTH PLUS TAX?!

Great phone for a great price to do all the things I like to do. Haven't had any problems thus far..

I was expecting to receive a new phone and turns out that its used and paint is peeling off of it.

I've had this phone since it first came out on the Sprint network, I think it was July 2010. So with 2 years of use I can report the good, the bad and the ugly.The Good-You can download free apps, ring tones.The Bad-It's super slow!  Ok, so over 2 years of texting my girlfriend and other people, when I send a text I watch the disc spin around on the screen for like 15 seconds before it will send.  Even when typing the words in the text it will select words that are not spelt correctly?  Where's the spellcheck?The Ugly, forget the Bad, most of everything on this phone is just pure ugly.The battery - lasts about 5 hours without use!  If I use the GPS ot watch a programme on the sprint network I'll be lucky to get 60 minues.  I bought another battery as a back up and again only get about 60 minutes of use.  Ridiculous!  I have the phone constantly on charge, in my car, at my desk in work and at home.The phone will randomly shut down by itself.Using the GPS it can freeze up....a nightmare when you're driving in another city 600 miles from home.  It can also send you in circles, it can miss a turn and say 're-routing' only to take you the same way again.  Use Google Maps! not the Sprint GPS that comes on the phone.I'm having to pay Sprint $10 a month for a data plan because this is a 4G phone.  I I don't get 4G where I live and don't even get it in the capital city of my state!  so it's a waste on money.SummaryFor 2 years I've paid Sprint $69/mth plus $10 data plan plus $8 insurance plus taxes and surcharges....for what.... for a phone with a standby time of 5 hours, a useage time of 60 minutes, slow processor, no 4G (maybe 0.1% of the time when I'm out), awful GPS, Sprint TV that shows nothing worth watching unless you pay more and upgrade for the premium channels, randomly shutsdown at the most inconvenient times.I went on a 6 hour bike ride yesterday.  Phone was fully charged.  I put it in a pocket in the back of my shirt.  At the end of my ride the phone showed the warning signal and advised to charge immediately!.  WTH!  using the other battery does the same thing.Awful!Since my 2 year contract is up with Sprint I'm shopping around!  Virgin Mobile looks good but we'll see.Good Luck!

An otherwise quite decent phone completely hobbled by its lack of sufficient internal memory to support any reasonable number of apps. Battery life is also poor. I like the phone but the dearth of internal storage space I'd unforgivable. I would not buy again. yes it comes with an sd card for external storage of data including apps but most apps cannot be moved to the sd card. When it comes barely close to running out if space, the phone refuses to retrieve my gmail until I go through with the annoying ritual of clearing out cache space and eliminating apps that I guess I can live without - an almost weekly occurrence now. Colors and screen resolution are great, navigation is great, nothing wrong in those departments. But , again, the lack of sufficient storage space is a fatal flaw. Matt in PA.

The Phone works well. It was in pretty good shape. Charger port is very loose so I expect it to break sooner or later.

I hated the phone...it was supposed to be bigger than the galaxy Nexus and wasn't....The camera was supposed to be better and it wasn't....I will not recommend this to anyone

I love my EVO.  I've had it since it was released.  I'm now 18 months into my phone and i'm just as happy with it as i was the day i picked it up.  I'm coming up on my 2 yr upgrade with Sprint and i don't have any intention of upgrading.  What would i upgrade to?  The I-Phone doesn't have 4g.  The software has been very stable and Sprint tends to update the EVO before other phones.  My only complaint is not being able to remove some of the useless apps the come pre-installed on the phone.  I've been able to do most everything from my phone when i'm not in my office.  Best thing i ever did.

Nice phone, good screen, good sound, FM radio included. Has everything you will need. Very fast- just the battery life is not impressive at all. Unfortunately that is a very important criteria when you buy a mobile phone. And be careful if you order packages from Sprint with unlimited data, text and voice. Check your bills. They have multiple times, namely every month "technical" problems managing to calculate your bills right, even though it is all included and supposed to be the same amount every month. 2 hours time per month for the customer service every month is pretty common -and don't use you Evo for that- the battery might not last that long.

Well the product itself, I would have to say one star... I only had the phone for about 3 weeks when it crapped out. The charge port stopped working. No matter what charger I used, or which outlet, it wouldn't take a charge.The seller I would give five stars though. They have been very cooperative, answered all of my emails, and I just sent them back the phone for a refund.

The unit was packaged well, It was exactly what I wanted when I ordered. The tracking information was cuurent and was delivered when promised. Was in perfect condition and still in use, the camera lense is easily scratched.

This battery was just perfect,  was the right price and seems to be working good right now.  I would recommend to others.

I am a little disappointed with how this whole ordeal came about. I was looking at this product online and never submitted the order and the next thing I know the order was on it way. Then I write back asking to how this happened and then I get charged 20% restocking fee. I feel I got ripped off and want to know how this happened. I have been unemployed for a while now and I really couldn't afford for this to happen. I want to know to get the 20% restocking fee back. There should be some kind of step to ask if you  are ready to submit the order. I never got this point.

its a great phone much better than my htc evo shift, but i misread the info on the phone and thought i was getting an htc evo 4g lte instead of just an htc evo 4g, but i do like the phone other than the fact the battery isnt any better than my last one but the graphics are cool and the phone is nicer than my last one. but because of the battery im rating it a 4 star.

Although the phone was shipped to me with the wrong battery, it wouldn't hold a charge and it wouldn't turn on, when I contacted the company they were very quick in their response time and issued me a partial refund. It was either that, or I could send the phone back and wait for them to send me a new one. No biggie, went to RadioShak and got a new battery. The phone needed to be wiped by sprint, LOTS of applications continue to run which drains the battery FAST! I mean, I charge my phone 3 times a day because I'm constantly on it for work. I'm told it's just something with the phone itself and i've downloaded an app to kill all the continuously running apps to try to salvage some battery life, but I just broke down yesterday and bought an extended battery from Sprint themselves. No complaints about the phone tho (battery life always has been an issue with me due to work) very easy to figure out, still very fast, everything I was told to expect.

Even though I ordered this extremely close to home, the order came through the next day and the phone runs smoothly. Nice doing business with you guys.

you say that is new and the gps doesnt work and this is important for my work. I think that the cellphone is refurbished.

not exceeded my expectations. I buy this cell phone like new, the cell phone comes very used and the lcd screen have waterdrops.

Essentially, the phone started to deteriorate little by little.  Towards the end of the third month the screen started to display purple lines.  Then the camera stopped working.  Then the phone stopped charging.  In short I would not purchase the phone without a full warranty.

I RECEIVED MY PHONE LAST FRIDAY, AND IT IS ALREADY FALLING APART. I HAD PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE SINCE THE BEGINNING. IT TOOK SPRINT 1.5 HOURS TO ACTIVATE THIS PHONE BECAUSE THEY COULD NOT FIND THE THE DEVICE ID. THE REPRESENTATIVE STATED IT WAS A FAKE PHONE. 1 WEEK LATER; IT STARTED FREEZING, TURNED OFF ON ITS OWN, AND NOW IT SLOWLY STARTED FALLING APART.I HAVE A USELESS PHONE THAT DOESN'T EVEN TURN ON ANYMORE. ARE YOU KIDDING ME AFTER 1 WEEK???!!! I DIDN'T EVEN DOWNLOAD ANY APPS AND IT ALREADY BROKE. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!! THEY ARE DAMAGED PHONES. I WAS RIPPED OFF.

The battery on this phone is almost non-existent. I like all of the features but if you use any of them it drains half your battery life and that includes a 30 second phone call. I've done all the battery saving tricks and nothing has worked. Maybe I just have a bad battery???

I bought this phone to be a replacement for my HTC EVO Shift 4G that drowned in a pan of dirty dish water.

I like phone, HATE batterie life. If you use this phone for its multi task on line performance you will have to keep plugged in.  get the htc lte instead.

the phone loss all contacts, continues to auto rebot on its on daily. its just a rip-off. I would not advise wasting your money.

I'll make this brief by bulleting the problems:- HORRIBLE, unacceptable battery life.  Husband says that the phrase  "Can't. My phone is dead." should be written on my tomb stone because I say it so much.- Even when you have it plugged in, watch out because often charger not actually charging. Sales person even said this is common and his "fix" was to keep removing the battery pack completely and then replacing it. That is ridiculous.- Camera is absolutely trash.  The flash is ridiculously bright and completely whites out everyone's face and everything around them- 4G? What's the point?  It just drains the already terrible battery life.  Have found absolutely NO benefit from 4G function.- Facebook.  Pointless app. Can't access own profile page.  Error always says NULL FETCHING DATA- Texting - horrible qwerty screen.  Cannot for the life of me figure out what is so hard about programming a phone to type the actual word you are trying to type.- No on-screen alert that you have received calls- Stupid android cartoon when calls come in cannot be removed- Bad sound quality. Everyone sounds muffled.- Getting an Iphone. I hate saying that because Steve Jobs was a jerk. But I have experimented enough with my husband's Iphone and it truly is a superior device.

Love it! Love it! Love it! :D Best phone ever! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)

Received quickly and it worked as described. I needed a  quick back up phone and went to this because it was affordable until my upgrade. Works well.

The phone was complete crap I filled a insurance claim wit Sprint and just recieved my replacement today and if I wanted a bootleg phone I could've went to th local Arab in e st Louis

It it's for a mid Android user, you can't compare it to the new Galaxy Note 2 or 3, or the Galaxy S3 or 4, but it is quite competent.

I just got the phone today. I have an EVO shift. I wanted a phone with dual cameras so I can video chat. So far, I like it. The Iphone is over rated and Sprint sucks for ending their Premier Customer Program. I am not eligible for an upgrade until 2013. I was going to upgrade to an Iphone, I know someone who has one. I've seen crystal thats more durable, this phone is a lot more durable and the Iphone comes with too many strings attached. HTC makes quality phones so I will see how this phone works out for me.

it is very bulky so beware when placing in pocket. it does however extend your battery life through the day.

Something is wrong with this phone. First off it would not charge , the phone was on the charger for 2hours and the battery level was still showing an exclamation point.

The phone is pretty bulky in your pocket.  It is much heavier than a Samsung Galaxy Series.  This phone is not 4G LTE ready.

This phone was described as good working condition, when I received the phone there were internet connection problems. My phone would always hang up in middle of conversations. I could not download apps nor could I access my market This was not nice at all to sell someone a damaged phone. But you know what It's not right but it's okay God does not like ugly, I do not wish bad on the seller but karma is a mutha. What goes around sure will come around.

Bought in April , on 6-13-2014 phone lost tx audio.very frustrating. I needed to replace phone for work.There is a reason there is no warranty.

This phone shipped in very good condition no scratches on screen.  Included cables and charging brick.  Was a gift for my wife and her only complaint are the Sprint Apps that keep reinstalling themselves and the Wifi being re-enabled automatically after she disables it.

The phone came on time. It keeps loading though. It takes horrible pictures to me. My son says it's okay and it works for him

Phone in good condition but doesn't carry a sim card port. I require a phone which has a sim card port. What can I do?

I love my new phone!  It was delivered very quickly in perfect condition.  It was super easy to get it set up with Sprint.

I am very happy with the htc evo 4g phone works great no problems. I have had this phone before and I lover it.

Needing warranty service and "repaired" after only 2 months of use, this $300 phone is unusable on my cell phone provider's network!I bought my first HTC phone in August and by the end of September, it was frozen on the home screen and would not turn off.  Calling for support, I was told to remove the battery and that it would need repair.  When I received the phone back in the mail, there were no details about the repair and no instructions.  Now, the phone had to be reactivated, but that process failed even though I tried numerous times.  Unbeknownst to me, the motherboard was replaced in the phone and the device now had a new MEID/serial number, which was not in the .  Six months later, the company still has not gotten around to putting that new number in their network database so that I can activate it.I wasted $300 on HTC for a phone that has no possibility of ever working again because of a technicality in their limited warranty repair service.  HTC handed off this disaster to me with the claim that they took care of their responsibility to the buyer under warranty -- though, obviously their policy of repair with new MEID is responsible.This is not a one-time thing or a rant from me, one unsatisfied customer.  Numerous of their CSRs have told me this is a very common problem they get phone calls about every day.  They refuse to send me a phone which can be activated right away.Thus, I will never, ever buy another HTC phone (for instance, I had to buy yet another phone to be able to have service again and though an HTC phone was at a lower sales price, I chose to get a Samsung instead of throwing my money away with HTC).  I would never and will never recommend an HTC phone simply based on my experience with their customer service, which was of no service whatsoever.

We paid over half the price of what Sprint tried to charge us for a replacement phone.The price was right and the phone shipped on time.  We changed the phone registration ourselves and saved $35 that the Sprint store wanted to do the same thing.

This is by far the worst phone I've ever had.  And here's why.There are so many pros and great features on this phone you can read from other reviews, but it's also the slowest piece of crap in the world.Understand I don't have crazy apps installed or memory overload or anything, but it literally takes up to THIRTY SEVEN minutes to load my texts.  SERIOUSLY.  I've actually let it sit there just to time it out.  Like it'll say received message and I click messages then the screen will say "Loading..." forever.And the funny part is the battery life is so terrible, you can't even go a full 12 hours without it dying.  And especially with 37 minute message load times, you don't even need to be playing games or watching videos because it's constantly trying to load messages.  Your battery will be drained completely when the message does finally pop up and you want to return the text.Now to make things worse, your roommate who texted you saying, "hey, can we meet up in 10 minutes" will think you're an a-hole because it took you forty minutes to respond to that text.  While you were trying to meet up to re-sign the lease on your apartment, now it's too late and you're homeless.  You get fired from work because you no longer have a house to shower and smell like turds constantly.  You can't afford electricity so now you can't even charge your crap phone.  You resort to theft and turning tricks for money and your life is ruined.All because of this crappy, useless phone.Okay, seriously though this phone blows and will cause you much frustration.  Maybe it's android and I'm blaming the wrong thing, but either way it blows.  Sometimes it'll freeze and I can't even pull up my contact list to make calls, unless if I wait half an hour or restart my phone which takes a solid ten minutes to restart.  Basically if you are getting rapes, robbed, murdered, pray you don't have this phone or you won't be able to call for help.  I've never wanted to slam my phone on the ground so many times in my life.  And I'm a pacifist too.

Good phone, but not placed on the SIM card. I expected a better phone. Restored sent to me but I would have liked!

It was a used phone.  The battery would not charge.  I replaced the battery at my own expense.  The new battery would not charge.  It was not promoted as used, but had a couple hundred phone numbers in it--so much for the former owner's privacy.  It was in really good cosmetic condition for a piece of crap.

i got the htc evo 4g yesterday in the mail. it works just as good as a new one. I ordered it on sunday and got it at noon on Thursday morning.

Description said this phone would be new. When taken to Sprint to get activated, found out that it was actually refurbished.

This SECOND phone that I received from yall, is like my first phone, I could not have a number hooked up to it because it was either reported stolen or lost, same as the first phone, I was very disappointed!!!!!!

Good: The phone seems to work okay.Bad: I purchased this phone from Amazon, thinking I would get a new phone... it isn't.  Upon my activation, I typed the MSID from inside my phone and Sprint couldn't activate it. Upon talking with customer service, she had me find a different MSID in the phone's software settings.  She said the mis-match is often caused by different phone parts that are assembled during the refurbishing process.  Amazon should look at this vendor for its product misrepresentation.  This phone should have been properly labeled as a refurbished product.  If I had known it was refurbished, I don't think I would have purchased it.

I have two of these phone with the same problem. The charging port goes bad and the phone cannot be charged. Beware. Google charging problems HTC EVO and see all the people with the same problem. All the features in the world are no good if you cannot charge the phone.

This is an excellent phone.  We have 3 others of it and we lost one and that is why we had to get it replaced.

Be VERY careful when you buy one of these phones. I just got mine today for my son's birthday. Tried to call and activate it over the phone with Sprint....wasnt able to do it, had to make a trip to the store. Got to the Sprint store..i was told that the phone had been "hacked, or routed", and there was no way for me to activate the phone. Got it home, and was able to get online and find a way to make it work out, and was FINALLY able to activate the phone. I do have to admit, its a nice looking phone, and my son is happy with it. but had to go thru a LOT of hassle to get it to work. Just beware of what you are buying, and dont anticipate using it right away....you may have to go thru a little drama once you get it.

The Evo is a good phone, however the screen cracks very easily.  This has unfortunately happened a few times.  But overall this is a good phone and I would recommend it to others.

My sister has an iPhone and I think my EVO can do anything hers can. Her phone has a better picture but my screen is much bigger which is more important to me. Takes outstanding pictures, 8 mp camera. It's incredibly easy to learn how to navigate around and it just keeps surprising you. It's faster to do almost anything on my phone than on my laptop so I use it constantly. I've looked at upgrading to a new phone but so far I haven't found one that's better and built this well. I need HTC to bring one out with a huge screen, built well, great camera etc.

Phone did not work. No one could hear me. Do not buy anything from this place. It was a used phone when it clearly stated it was new

i like HTC Evo 4G with hold on the table make chat webcam and free hands and battery is ok.. not long life.

i had ordered this phone from this company about 2 weeks ago and it had no audio so i returned the phone to receive a replacement my replacement phone came in today with audio but no visual im highly upset they should test their merchandise before selling it

I love my new HTC EVO, but I do feel like i have gotten ripped off. The battery life of this phone is absolutely horrible. I ended up having to take the phone to my Sprint store and have them test my battery and phone. Turns out the battery was a piece of crap, and I had to buy a completely new one!

The phone was in excellent condition it was like I bought it new.  I had no problem activating it on Sprint prepaid service. My 19 year old granddaughter is very happy with the phone.

The price is unbeatable for a replacement phone  (No contract needed to buy :) The phone arrived quickly, and new just as avertised; works great, nice features. One Caveat, get a extended life battery.

Evo eats through battery way too fast. With the extended battery, I charge it a few times a day. Touchscreen is buggy. Sometimes the phone  just reboots,, usually during a call, which can be a little frustrating. I'm on my second one, my first one was defective. I think the new one is too, I can't imagine it lasting through the two year contract period. Highly unrecommended.Update....sprint is sending me another evo because my second one, in less than a year total, is not charging due to the port coming apart. Wow, what a POS!

Dealing with Amazon and their Vendors has left my personal life in tatters.This is part of an ongoing four week plus saga of trying to purchase an off-contract phone through Amazon, both from Amazon(Warehouse Direct) directly, and through third part vendors, the attempt of which has cost me and my (soon to be ex-) girlfriend huge.I will admit to being broke and cheap, a dangerous combination that can get you taken advantage of, but this vendor, I feel, is involved in fraudulent activity.Over a month of our lives wasted, throwing away money on a cell phone account that has no working device, and even my girlfriend getting fired for not meeting the terms of her employment, that's the cost of attempting to deal with Amazon.My advice to you is; do not purchase from Amazon Third Parties, Amazon does nothing to protect you from these people taking your money, and destroying your life, because they have your money, and you are their hostage.  Speak out and you will never see satisfaction.Amazon is nearly an accomplice in the fraud perpetrated by their vendors against their customers, turning a blind eye to the illegal activities occurring in their market place everyday.This vendor, Cell Beautiful, who turns out to be Great Value Cellular, apparently, is involved in the selling of illegally altered phones; they have the address of a house listed with Amazon, that been listed for sale for almost a year, and according to the Realtor is sitting empty.The seller, Cell Beautiful(GVC) had an Amazon ad that listed a clean ESN device.What they shipped was a device that Sprint informed us did not have clear ownership, was not released from contract, and had an outstanding balanceGVC informed me I was mistaken, that the phone was fine.  I informed them, in detail, of the conversation with Sprint, and offered a three way call with Sprint.All in all several hours of my life wasted trying to activate this phone and then to get GVC understand(admit) what was happening.GVC finally claimed a simple mistake had been made and they shipped a phone that had been altered to operate under Boost.The phone shipped was not altered in any way according to am examination by myself and a nearby cell phone repair shop.GVC told me, that if I returned it, they would fix the issue with the phone, or ship me a replacement phone.I informed them that I expected a clear ESN phone, not an altered device and that I had no problems taking what ever steps were necessary if they failed to make good on the transactions and cover any expenses I would experience due to choosing, foolishly, to deal with them.GVC also told me they would cover the shipping.They did not.Instead, I had to leave work, drive to the Post Office and go without lunch in order to have the money to pay to ship the phone back to GVC.According to Amazon, I have been refunded my money, (but not according to the bank) and issued one of their useless $10.00 credits for my out of pocket expenses.I can return the case I purchased to go with this phone ($40) for even more useless Amazon credit.Why is the credit useless? because you can only use it on Amazon, for Amazon products.Why do I no longer feel that I can purchase through Amazon?Because they do not stand behind what happens through their marketplace, they will not investigate the practices of the people who sell here, therefore you cannot trust that you will not go through unnecessary grief and aggravation.There is already too much stress going on, I do not need more, simply trying to purchase a smartphone that meets certain requirements, because a two bit employer can, because of the current employer friendly environment, make and get away with ridiculous demands on employees should not cause so much stress that my girlfriend feels that she should go back to her mothers, in another state, to stop being a burden to me.I used to love Amazon, the last month has soured me on Amazon forever, and left my girlfriend a wreck.Don't start feeling too relaxed on Amazon, Caveat Emptor still applies, maybe extra here on Amazon.  I've had less trouble with EBay vendors then Amazon, maybe because EBay admits you may not get what you are paying for, and every transaction has risk.Paul

This is a great phone honestly. Don't get me wrong. It has a nice bright screen (4"3), kickstand for viewing movies, Fast processor (RARELY lags), and more other great features. I received the phone decently packaged and came the phone and charger. The phone is almost flawless with the exception of two MINOR scratches on the sides. But when I turned the phone on, It had stuck pixels so some parts of the screen are brighter than others. It's really in between noticeable and non-noticeable. The phone came with Android 2.2 (Ewww) and could for now (as of 12/30/12) be upgraded to a better Android 2.3. I had to call HTC to get the upgrade for the phone would not do it when I clicked HTC software update. Overall, It's a great phone. One of the best within a time span of the last 4 years.

Not the best could run faster and the battery dies way to fast , still better than no phone tho

I received this phone and contacted Sprint to have it activated. Sprint customer service reported back saying the phone was listed as lost/stolen. I had to return the phone and find a new option, all while not having a working cell phone for weeks. I don't know how this distributor can get away with not checking the status of these phones before sending them out, but I hope this can serve as a warning for anyone thinking about purchasing this phone.

the phone i got was JUNK

I love my new phone. previously I had the Evo 3d and this one is hands down sooo much better. and best pat it can make international calls, unlike the 3d,

Great off contract phone to put on Ting wireless prepaid service and start to same money today. looks high quality

ITS OK

The phone stopped charging after three days. Took it to the Sprint store and they couldn't fix it. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!

bought an Evo4G two years ago used for $200, now they seem to be $60 used.  Have used it as an Android tablet and only recently switched my Sprint plan to enable it as a smartphone since Sprint dataplan prices seem to now be more reasonable and have less hidden gotcha charges that they used to really love to stick us with, like overage charging priced in terms of cents per kilobyte, that could easily double your monthly bill if you weren't careful, that was a priceless pricing ploy that should go down in the annals of Great American Business Practices.  Anyway, hopefully Sprint has cleaned up their act and aren't looking to stick it to us anymore with some sneaky charges.  Back to the phone - the EVO4G is great, Google maps navigation GPS works great and the voice recognition destination setting is amazing.  It is better than any built-in car nav system I have used.  It is kind of an exercise to get an address book database imported, it seems like you really need to become a Gmail user to do this.  Anway, I am loving the Android apps, the barcode reader, and the camera is pretty good.  The bluetooth seems to work ok, it glitched once in a new Honda, but resetting the phone fixed it.  The stupid Sprint Nascar apps are annoying and can't be deleted it seems. Battery life sucks of course, so you have to add an extended battery, then a 32GB xd card for tunes and movies.  I got a cigarette lighter gooseneck stand / USB charger that works good as a holder for it in the car so I can use the GPS google-maps.

works good for a few days then the plug that you use to charge the phone starts coming lose, no wonder sprint got rid of these pieces of crap, course when you have no other alternative you take what you can get.  I would reccomend getting another kind of 4G phone cause this one is A WASTE of money.

The Wireless Circle - Amazon Marketplace DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PEOPLE BE AWARE I BOUGHT THE HTC EVO 4G REFURBISHED AND IT DOESN'T WORK AT ALL I KEEP GETTING PROBLEMS THIS IS STRESSING ME OUT SINCE I LOST 184 DOLLARS CAN YOU BELIEVE IT I HAD TO TAKE IT TO SPRINT AND I NEED A NEW MOTHERLOAD WHAT THE HELL I'M SO MAD THEY DON'T EVEN WANT TO REFUND THE MONEY FOR THE STUPID NOT WORKING PHONE BAD PEOPLE AND BAD SERVICE

The phone I ordered had a lot more problems then the seller had metioned. The phone shuts off all the time and has water damage, I would ot recommend this seller to my fellow amazon shoppers. I'm very disapointed. I have already put money into fixing the phone whoever if this seller would like to make things right I believe a refund should be issued for false advertisement.

We have a total of 3 of these phones in our family. Two have been fine, but this one came with 2 batteries that did not hold a charge at all. We have had to spend additional money to replace the battery and the back that comes with the extended battery. The back pegs broke very quickly. Then the new battery would not charge while inside the phone. I would say the most frustrating thing is that this phone came in new packaging.

I have never been disappointed with anything I've purchased through Amazon (and buy everything from here). That has to say something about the sellers and Amazon's entire system. I love my phone. It works wonderfully. I definitely trust Amazon and that I'm not getting ripped off.

I received a completely different order  from whats was receivedI hate it . I feel jipped. I recommend getting orders correct.

I did buy the phone used. I've had too many problems to say I care about the phone. It might have been good a year after it came out, but not worth it now. I've had to replace numerous parts that have gone out on it. the internal storage is low and even if you have a large memory card, some apps are required to be stored on the phone. That's the main complaint of many.

Its just another one of those chinese stolen technological devices. This phone is a "wanabe Iphone" but with a weak crappy processor, unresponsive touch screen and low life battery.  Yes it works on Android OS but like all others asian copies of western technology they failed to create something decent.  Internet and Youtube are ridiculously slow, even with a 4G turned on it works worse than the very first model of an Iphone.My point is, If you want to get a smart phone get something original from Apple who actually invented the smart phone and stay away from those garbage asian follow up copies.

I received the Evo in a timely manner, it was packaged well, but I can't keep it off the charger for more than 10 minutes, even on a full charge. Thankfully, I have extra batteries of my own.

These Phones are supposed to be NEW in the ORIGINAL BOX they were refurbished phones and 1 didn't work out the box. I took it to my SPRINT retailer and they said it was used so I feel for the bait and switch. Amazon didn't reply to my emails to get this settled so I had to get another refurbished phone from sprint now my phone is acting up I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND this to ANYONE. The box and phone in the picture looks nothing like the box I received the book had been fingered threw and read. THIS WAS A TERRIBLE EXPERINCE FROM THE SELLER ANS AMAZON

Reasons I do not enjoy the Sprint HTC Evo 4G1.  It dials out in my gym bag or in my pocket even though I have a security lock on the screen.2.  I bought this phone in 2010 when 3G was mostly used.  This was the first generation of 4G.  So, its normally on 3G constantly trying to find a 4G connection.  This process drains the battery.3.  Charging the phone.  -  The charge port is delicate and within one year I had to replace the phone with insurance.  The cord desensitizes and does not create contact to allow the electric charge.  The new charge cord lasts a short time. The charge port on the phone skews easily with NORMAL usage. Now, I have to jiggle the cord charger into the port until the precise angle creates electrical flow and charges the phone.  This process can take about 30 seconds to about 5 minutes per attempt and for the charging light to come on. Also, fully charging the phone takes several hours.4.  After six months, the battery runs out in two hours with little use.  Yes,  I have the task killer program.5.  The Wi-Fi program turns itself on automatically and looks for local connections.  My phone usually selects the Wi-Fi from the hotel down the street that requires a password that I don't have.  So, I receive an error code when I choose to check my emails or use the internet.  Then, I have to turn the wireless option off.  This allows me to get online.  This happens about five times a day.6.  Its slow7.  There is a double loud "beep" every time I make a phone call and I'm waiting for the first ring/connection.  The BEEP BEEP is loud when the phone is near my ear so now I only use the hands free/speaker option.8.  Sprint solicits my phone for special programs like voice mail to text. Its free for 30 days and then a monthly charge.  The phone is slow and the prompt sneaked up while texting.  I accidentally must have activated it and even though I don't use this option, I started receiving an incidental cost on my monthly bill.  How annoying to receive solicitations that are automatically pre-selected to the yes option from my own phone company.  "Oops, did I just purchase something ?"9.  The touch-screen option does not work if my fingers are wet or moist.10. Some of my desktop icons and clock disappear while making phone calls.  I have to go through applications to re-download.11. The weather program does not work.  The standard message is "No Weather data available."12. Bluetooth communication in my car sucks with my brand new fully loaded 2012 VW Jetta SE.Things I like about the phone:1.  The HTC EVO 4G was one of the smart phone options available without choosing AT&T.; In 2010, the iPhone required an AT&T; contract.2.  It has a nice big screen3.  The first year, the camera took great photosIn conclusion,  if you like to do repairs, help people with problems and constantly occupy your life with projects, this phone will stimulate your mind.

At this point, this phone is over a year old and has entered the "bargain" smartphone market.pros:-cheap-upgradeable SD card-reasonably fast processor-great WiFi antenna-audio sounds great (better than my 5G iPod)-bright and sensitive touch screen-compatible with nearly all Android appscons:-Sprint network, most places don't have 4G, 3G is agonizingly slow-terrible battery life-Sprint bloatware in the firmware (NASCAR, NFL, Blockbuster) takes up the TINY .5 GB internal memory, and not all apps can be mounted to external card. This bloatware cannot be deleted.With a better network, this would be an above average phone. But Sprint's continuing issues with 4G makes this only useful if you have access to many WiFi hotspots on the go.

Just what Santa needed for Christmas. My son loves him phone. He was so surprised w how perfect it was.

Amazon saved me cause this knuckle head dropped her phone in the water more like a pond then my phone did not work right anymore . . .. but thanks amazon once more your a life saver

I purchased this phone about 7 months ago because it was a cheap smart phone and I was desperate. There are so many things that I DO NOT like about this phone and I honestly cant wait to replace it!The battery really doesn't last but only about 5 hours MAYBE. There are so many apps that come pre-loaded on the phone and you cant remove them that there is hardly any space to put what YOU want on it. The battery life and lack of memory are really my only complaints but they are major factors!I do have to say that it is actually a pretty durable phone though, I have dropped it a couple of times (without a case on it) and it only has a few minor dings on it. That's the only positive thing I could think of about it though.

I have had this phone for a little more than 4 months, but about a month ago it stopped keeping a charge.  I love the HTC EVO phone, but this one is now dead because the charging port is no longer accepting any charger I own, even the one that came with the phone.  Talk about maddening.  Need to send it back.

Before addressing the hardware and functionality of this phone, let's address quickly the five-part equation that makes up your overall smart phone user experience:(1) the hardware...the phone itself(2) operating system software(3) installed applications(4) the network (overall, and where you happen to be using the phone at a particular time)(5) the service providerIn some cases, there are serial dependencies on the factors above, as many phones are tied to specific operating systems or service providers. Or perhaps you spend a lot of time in an area without 4G service. Just remember that even if you make a great phone choice, deficiencies in the other areas can diminish your overall user experience.Don't move to a smart phone without some research into these choices. Which provider? Which mobile operating system? Who can offer me the best service, or the best combination of value and service? The rest of this review assumes you've already figured out why a phone with the Android operating system might be a better choice for you than an iPhone, a Blackberry or a Windows-based smart phone solution...Bottom line for the HTC EVO 4G: feature loaded, user-friendly and a hard choice to go wrong with in a crowded smart phone market.The phone ships with an impressive array of capability and apps, and finding and installing new ones from the Android marketplace is easy even for non-techies.Two very strong performers in the pre-installed applications are Google-powered Voice Search and Navigate: both are eerily good at delivering search results and driving/walking directions. This phone's voice-to-text interface is also very good, and can be used for both composing text messages and delivering search results without typing. Surprisingly, a voice-based dialing app that is part of the operating system's collection of widgets seldom gets one right. The Evo's on-screen keyboard is adaptive to your compositions over time, and will suggest auto-completes for words you frequently type.The phone includes two cameras: an outward facing high resolution (8 megapixel) still/video camera, and a front facing 1.3 megapixel camera for video applications. It ships with an 8 GB microSD card. One surprising oversight of this phone is the placement of the microSD card inside the battery compartment. Although you can move files to an from it via the USB port, this phone would be improved if the card were accessible without removing the back cover.In addition to the USB port, the phone has a 3.5mm aux audio jack and an HDMI port.The rear of the phone includes a "kickstand", allowing you to stand the phone on a horizontal surface when viewing the display in landscape mode (great for using the speakerphone or watching videos).Customization of the scrolling display screens is intuitive. In our house, even less technically savvy users were re-arranging icons and applications in no time.Each of phone, video and still image quality are satisfactory.The overall finish of this phone is --literally-- quite slick. It can go sliding easily on leather car seat, and both the screen and frame will attract and display fingerprints. Whether or not you opted in to the damage/loss insurance that most providers offer, I'd strongly recommend both a screen protector and some case or holster to offer a modicum of protection to the phone.Mnay options exist for protection, but for our multiple Evo phones we've found the following to provide a good mix of protection and price:--"Fishbone" protective case (red linked here; other colors are available)--SGP STEINHEIL Anti FingerprintSprint Screen Protector (Anti Fingerprint)Let these protective devices soak up the wear and tear instead of your phone and display.Other reviews have discussed battery life, and it's worth addressing. This phone has five separate radio transmit/receive devices:-the standard cellular (3G/CDMA) transceiver-the 4G transceiver-Bluetooth (for short-range use of hands-free devices and data exchange)-GPS receiver-Wifi transceiverEach of these devices will exert its own demand on the battery. Selectively turning them off when not needed, along with setting a shorter time to turn off the display (2 minutes or 1 minute) will go a long way to mitigate the battery issue. Additionally, there are extended life aftermarket batteries (usually with an accompanying modified case cover to accommodate their their additional bulk) that will easily get you through your work day away from external power.A note about apps:Android is a Google operating system, and access to the Android marketplace for additional apps requires entry through a Google/Gmail account (either existing or one you create when setting up the phone). In return for the apps, be aware that you surrender significant personal information on your phone, your location (at minumum the nearest cell tower, and in some cases your GPS-derived location) and details of how you used the phone and applications. Providing this information is the cost of admission for functionality of the apps. I'm not offering a value judgement on this...just pointing it out for your information.Finally, a note about pricing:Comparison shop and pay attention when you're ready to make the move to a smart phone. For the hardware purchase, you can expect to find considerable differences in the prices (even when upgrade discount and rebates are included) from different vendors. Be sure to check out each each of your provider's "store" (brick and mortar, by phone and online), big box stores and even Amazon's new wireless store. It's worth investing a couple minutes in this research to save a considerable amount on the purchase price.Becoming a smart phone user begins with shopping smartly! )-

The phone came when I was told it would, in VERY good shape! Easy to set up and use. More phone than I need but enjoyable to explore. Better than anticipated!

I love the features and quickness of this phone but the battery life is absolutely horrible. Some days I will need to charge the phone two times.

The phone is very good as the technology inside it but unfortunately I recived used one not as I requested even the battery given warring it's empty all the time :( also came without headset , the back cover not tight and scratched at the back , it very clear useeeeeeeeeed

Phone has issues on it's performance battery doesn't last half a day.I'm selling out of you want to but out 50$.00 asap let me know

I bought this HTC Evo 4G and it worked fine for a couple weeks and then one day just shut off and found out the mother board needed to be replace I would never buy from this seller again.

I recently bought this phone to upgrade from my Blackberry, and since I wasn't able to upgrade from Sprint until January of next year I wanted a new phone before then. I found the HTC Evo on Amazon and was hesitant at first fearing it was too good of a deal to be legit. So I contacted the seller asking a slew of questions and once I was satisfied with everything I purchased it. I recieved it very quickly shipping was very fast and it came packaged very well, and activating it was easy and very pain free, I would order higer end electronics again from Amazon since this phone worked out so well.

I made this order with many doubts in my mind. I also had read the reviews before purchasing. I kept in mind what to expect when I ordered a used phone; possible scratches, short battery life, slow processing. Luckily, I got more then I expected! The phone works like a charm, and had very minor damage (a couple minuscule scratches that I can definitely live with). The battery life is great, and it runs smoothly. I am very proud of this purchase.

This isnt the best phone ive ever had but thats because its a year old. But for the price at no contract renewal its great!

Positive: The EVO 4G is a great phone, very happy with my choice. Negitive: The only down side was the battery for the phone was junk. Always have used batteries tested PRIOR to selling.

I bought this because my screen was cracked on my old one. I actually bought another for my wife. I would encourage anyone looking for a quality used EVO to buy it from Amazon

This phone is ok. I basically only use the phone for calls and dissapointed at the life of the battery, i switched from the Iphone because of that reason and still have the same issue. otherwise this phone is ok. I like the large screen.

The gentlemen who sent this phone put a tracking number on this phone and didn't charge me extra! It was supposed to come between 14 Nov and 30 Nov, it came on 9 Nov! Very impressed. The only thing is the description said it was brand new, but when I took it to sprint, I was told it was refurbished. But the phone works great, no issues. My husband is really impressed with it. The only reason why I put 4 stars and not 5 was because the Ad was very misleading with it saying brand new.

Bought two phones and one is fine but the power button on the other phone does not work at all and this is suppose to be refurbished.

First of all, the HTC EVO 4G is an awesome phone. I bounced between my Blackberry and an Android for a long time, didn't care for either, until I got this. Now, if I forget it at home, it's as though I've left an appendage somewhere!But what I really want to say is this company is one I would most DEFFINATELY recommend. Their customer service is through the roof.I bought this phone with the understanding I would get a memory card (after all...it was there on the ad) when my phone came ( in a timely manor mind you) it was missing the memory card. I called to ask if maybe they had forgotten it. I was informed that there wasn't supposed to be one listed on the ad, but since I was told otherwise they went ahead and sent me one.After a bit I started playing with the camera, and noticed it didn't take as good of pictures as I was told it did. I researched the problem, and found that the internal camera wasn't working properly. I contacted my carrier ( Sprint) and after fighting with them to get insurance on the phone, I found out it was going to cost me $100 out of pocket to have them look at it, and possibly replace it. So on a whim, I wrote to Wireless Circle and asked if there was something I could do, and seeing as how I bought a refurbished phone, I was doubtful. They said to send it right in, and they would replace it ( it was past my 30 days...by 2 days and they did it no problem) I shipped them back my phone, sans charger and battery, and a few days later, I am the proud owner, of a fully functional HTC EVO 4G! I would recommend this company to anyone who's looking to buy a non-contract phone or accessory. I haven't had customer service like this in ages, I have to tell you, it was refreshing.

A Christmas present for my husband! Wow was he pleased to step up in the smartphone world. Now he can access and use his phone for everything he never wanted to be able to do and constantly complained because he could not do it! Needless to say he is a happy hubby now : )

The hardware is top notch, but the software leaves one wanting.  I have had this one for about two years, and after buying the extended battery it is reasonable for day to day use, but the software sucks.  HTC's interface improves on the Andriod experience, but only so far. Another issue I've had with it is the speaker, it sounds "scratchy", so I mostly use my Bluetooth headset with it for voice clarity.  Overall I would say if you are looking for a smartphone right now, wait for iPhone 5.  That should be the cats meow.

Battery does not hold a charge for but 3 to 5 hours.  Replaced the battery, same thing then it just stopped charging at all.  DO NOT BUY THIS!

Although we had many problems with this phone,they did refund my money in a quick amount of time and I just wouldn't recommend buying a used HTC evo 4g.

I love this phone! Would definitely recommend to a friend or family member. Easy to navigate through the phone. Product came in good condition as posted.

I came to the EVO from a Blackberry Bold and I am very pleased with this phone.  I bought this phone at the exact time that I bought the iPad 3rd Gen, and that was the very day that it was released from Apple.  I enjoy using both platforms; however, may try the iPhone 5 next.  Contrary to popular belief, there are still non-Apple products that are fantastic devices (rip Jobs), that don't cost an arm and a leg.  Without a new contract, I am not willing to pay $600 for an iPhone.Buy with ConfidenceOnly negative is that when viewing call log, you can't see the time that the call came in. no biggie though

I have had this phone for over a month now and I am very pleased with it. It's easy to use,fast and does everything I need. I like all of the features on this phone. The screen is a nice size without making the phone uncomfortable in your hand. The camera I AMAZING! I would recommend this phone.

Do not buy this phone. You have 512mb of memory after all the preloaded Sprint crap that the factory installs on the phone that cannot be uninstalled. I have to use the exchange server for my business email and it takes 238mb of the 512mb i have and you can't reduce that 238mb at all. So basically i'm stuck with no memory after loading up my email account. I get the 'low memory alert' notifications at least every other day and i barely have any applications on my phone. I can't even bookmark any websites, download apps or basically do anything but check my email and make phone calls. If you don't need to use the exchange server for email, this phone might be good but if you do, i can't recommend it. waiting for my contract to end

Battery dies early each day.  If you use 4g, plug the phone in to charge at the same time or the battery will die.

It was brand new and it works great the screen was in great conditions and the arrived on time which was defiantly a  plus.. thanks

Great phone ! Teenager loves this phone and I loved the price of it! Everything so far is ok in my book!

Amazon needs to take better care screening the people/businesses selling product on their site. My sister bought this phone to replace her broken one, and they told her it was reported lost/stolen, so she could not activate it. Had she known this sooner, she would have just bought a brand new phone... Almost $200 lost to a con artist on amazon.

I had been considering getting this phone because I absolutely love the size of it. When I received the package, the charger wasn't working so I had to call the company but they gladly sent me a new one at no charge and they were really nice about it. When I got the phone, the package and phone looked brand new and everything. One thing I didn't like about the phone was the battery. It died very fast so I recommend getting the longer lasting battery. Also when I would click the home button, sometimes it would reload my whole phone, but besides minor glitches I say this is a good phone for a good price.

they sent me a defective phone and made it hard for me to get a new phone. i explained to them that was a gift for my son and they didnt care

It worked well.  It is a great phone.  It is easy to use.. I have enjoyed this phone.. I bought this used, after a couple of a week the phone stopped charging,  but was able to get it replaced through my service provider.

The good:- big and bright screen.- decent battery life - around 12 hours with the standard battery. This includes running some apps (Eurosport, UEFA, USA Today, etc), but gaming would burn through the battery in less than 4 hours. The Yahoo Mail app also seems to drain the battery pretty fast.- Android market is growing and Amazon had some amazing deals on games and apps.- freedom to Copy/Paste music, pictures and movies from PC to the phone. Not something specific to this phone, but worth mentioning.The bad:- after slightly more than 1 year of light usage, the phone keeps rebooting itself. Changed the battery, still same issue. Phone is basically unusable.- contacts can't be sync-ed with the GMail account. The sync does nothing. Since the phone is not on long enough (without rebooting itself), I probably lost all the contacts too.Considering how expensive this phone has been, this has been a terrible experience. I would not recommend buying this phone.

The external audio seemed damaged, existing photos had to be deleted, Luckily Sprint replaced the phone. Never comin back again. I work with eBay sellers all the time, this seller should not be on eBay, or I would have the individual flagged.

Seller was "Best N Price". Purchased phone back in October 2011. At first, the phone was great. Good battery life, decent speed, great signal, etc. etc. I had downloaded applications with no problem. Within a few months, the charge port quit working and I had to put weight on the charger jack (to keep it at an angle) in order for the phone to charge.I figured I could deal with it, a bit annoying, but doable - thought it would save me the headache of dealin with the seller and trying to return and yada yada yada.Later I realized that your FaceBook contacts do not Synch properly (I have literally tried everything short of uninstalling and reinstalling the FaceBook application). But, whatever.Also, the WiFi does in fact turn itself on...even when you turn it off. That is irritating. But ok...Now...battery does not hold charge as long as it used to. Ok, that happens. Phone restarts itself about 3 times a day...ok, maybe I can reset it back to factory settings and see if that helps (pain in the butt, but better than trying to deal with a return or buying a new one).The deal breaker: NO AUDIO SPEAKER now, it's quit working. Have to have sound on my phone - that is a must. It will vibrate but no ringer, no alarm, no alerts, no music, nadda. Can talk on it, but can't use the speaker phone on it.Since it's been less than a year I contacted the seller but I doubt anything will come of it. After doing some research on some other websites here is what I found to be VERY common problems with this phone:- Defective Charger Port: usually comes loose within a few weeks to a few months- Defective Audio Speaker: on top of poor quality it will randomly cut out or not work. Eventually, it quits working all together.- Uncontrollable WiFi configurations: Turn it off and it will turn itself back on. This seems to have started with one of the OS updates during 2012- Does not Synchronize Accounts: Though it says that it does and has synchronized your accounts, it does not synchronize everything (FaceBook friends, Email contacts, etc). These issues also seemed to have started after an OS update. Sometimes, uninstalling and reinstalling applications can help and sometimes it takes a factory reset on your phone, then update the phone OS and once phone is completely updated THEN install your applications & set-up your accounts. Will not update after that point though...just brings you up to date.- Deteriorating battery life - this happens with a lot of phones but usually not until at least the one year mark (usually two years).- Constant phone restart - this is disputed because of applications and viruses and what not...but it's a common complaint about the phone.For anyone that is looking to purchase this phone...it is a great phone - but not really worth the $$ when it has all these issues. Would recommend looking for a more up-to-date phone or make sure you get insurance with it and do back-ups of all your contacts so when you do start having issues, you can get it easily replaced.

This is a very cool phone, it replaced a really bad Samsung. The phone is fast to load up and to surf the net. I wish my windows phone was like this one.

I wish I could rate it less than one start. The phone was white, has bad scratches on it, didn't come with everything it said it would. Terrible.

Who needs an iPhone?! I am truly impressed and perfectly happy with my htc EVO 4G. I have had it for about 6 months now and I'm still finding new awesome features to play with!

works perfectly. if you need an extended battery, make sure to pay the extra $ an get a proven safe one. other than that, it works excellent for what I need it for! I'd buy another one if I had to!

The HTC did not work properly it freezes, shut down  on its on. I didn't have it 3 weeks before it started messing up. Bought thru amazon.

Phone stopped working after less than days. Would  not charge,  could not receive calls. A total waste off money and company would not take back. Very very very  disappointed.

Phone was in good condition but as soon as it arrived I had to go out and buy a new battery for it. The one sent with device was very swollen and wouldn't hold a charge.

No... when trying to activate the phone it was reported lost/stolen so I couldn't use the phone plus waited a week and half to get it

The phone is great, was in better condition that I thought it would be. Only thing that I didn't like was that the phone was not entirely clean, still had previous owners information such as still signed in to google account, etc.

the phone came in a little black sack not the box like it shows in the photo its also scratched up with the paint chipping off the phone has the white trim with a black back cover

I have owned an HTC Evo 3g for 1.5 years, and while I like many features of the phone I would not buy another HTC phone. For the first few months of ownership the phone worked great, then Android began updating its OS, and that is when many HTC customer's, including myself, started to feel the pain. HTC did a terrible job in trying to get the Evo phone to work properly with the Android OS updates. This was most apparent with the Gingerbread update last June. For myself and many other Evo users we lost the use of voice search, which would now only work in a completely silent environment, so forget about using it in a moving car. It took HTC months to acknowledge the problem, even though their own user forums were filled with dissatisfied customers complaining about this. Their efforts to ship a working patch to resolve this issue were a total failure. Voice search is only one of the problems, the phone's camera, which worked flawlessly when the phone was released now crashes after talking only a few pictures. It's not just the camera that crashes, you often have to reboot the phone itself after a camera crash since the whole unit bricks up. I have tried new patches from HTC to resolve these issues and THEY DONT WORK. Don't just take my word for it, go ahead and Google HTC Evo problems, particularly camera and voice search, you'll see many others who have the same problem. I feel that HTC has done little to nothing to resolve this and that their customer service is awful. I'm a Sprint customer, my next phone will definitely not be an HTC, most likely I will go with Samsung. Anyone but HTC.

The phone is slow and the camera is very blurry when taking pictures. Over then that the phone is good. And the shipping was really fast.

The phone works fine but the battery will not charge and has not since the day we got it in the mail. Also there is no sd card and this was not disclosed to us prior to buying it.

It arrived as ordered. I was looking to replace the old cell that I have which has gone through the &#34; war zone&#34;.

I bought my EVO 4G from simple cell and it came quickly as expected. However the ram was clear but not I'm sprints database. I made an effort to get the phone activated with no luck. Simple cell sent another phone before I even sent the first phone back. This one works like a charm! I WILL DEFINITLY buy from them again without question.

This phone works great! This is my second one and I haven't really had any problems with it. The only reason I had to replace the other one is because I broke the screen...but even then it worked for a LONG time before I replaced it. I would recommend this phone to someone who likes smartphones, but doesn't need the newest phone out there.

Phone is amazing. Does everything i ask it today. But i was sent a defective phone. Love the phone though.

Hi,Is this Sprint HTC Evo 4G is unlocked and can be used with any other providers like AT&T;?Sprint HTC Evo 4g Android Cell Phone

I thought at first that this was a great deal. I was wrong, I ended learning today at the sprint store that I recieved a refurbished phone in original packaging with htc headphones and original paperwork.. After 4 days of recieving the phone, I noticed two screws in the back of the phone were loose.. plus the warranty void screw was modified. no wonder my power button came off!! This was not a new phone.. I was lied to... Just because they say its new because it has the original box and packaging doesn't mean its brand new.. refurbished...Don't fall for a scam..

I got a used HTC EVO 4G about 5 weeks ago to use with Ting. So far, the phone has worked well, has very good battery life, and is easy to use. It is loaded with too many apps I will never use, but it also has several I do. I like the screen size, camera, and controls. If you need a good phone that is not the absoluted bleeding edge of things, this one may work for you, too.

i bought this phone and after a 1month 1/2 with this phone it wouldint charge nomore spend alot of money DONT BUY FROM (SIMPLE CELL)

I wasn't expecting much out of this phone because I got it for so cheap. About $70 less than every other listing. The phone was in phenomenal condition; almost brand new. I am completely and totally satisfied, and would suggest this seller to anyone!

I really love the HTC. It work just like a new phone. If I need a new are used phone I know where to find one.

I did not receive a charger with the phone just the phone itself and it was not what was pictured for sale plus it did not interchange with my account I returned it and don't think its fair they are going to charge me a restocking fee its just wrong because the whole sale was misleading

The phone's screen was beat up and has black speckles across entire screen. Totally unhappy with the condition of this phone.

MAY BE I MADE A MISTAKE AT THE MOMENT OF CHOOSE THIS DEVICE....THIS CELL PHONE HAS BEEN MADE FOR USE WITH A CDMA TECHNOLOGY...AND I NEEDED IT FOR USE WITH SIM CARD TECHNOLOGY.PROBABLY I LOST TIME AND MONEY. HOWEVER, THANKS VERY MUCH, FOR THIS SERVICE...

We had (3) Evos - 2 originally and 1 replacement - none could make or receive calls in the house and all had inexplicalbe problems ranging from touch screen not working, camera intermittently going out, randomly losing connection settings to our mail server, to burning thru batteries in 6-8 weeks. We thoroughly tested this model phone and - although the features are great - it is a defective model phone.

I have had this phone before and I just think it is a great phone, love it. I lost my last phone and since I was happy with this one I just bought another one.

The phone was great, I wish it didnt come with a dead battery but thats nothing a charger couldnt fix.. i havent had a problem with it yet and i love how big the screen is. Thanks

Ok...coming from a Blackberry, this phone is amazing by comparison.1) It's faster2) Comes with more apps3) More easy to use home screen4) Has a better camera5) 4G6) Connects to my Outlook Express email without the $20/month blackberry Enterprise serviceIt's a great piece of hardware.However, since my wife and I were mid-contract, I didn't feel like shucking out $800 for 2 new ones without contract, so I opted for the refurbished ones.  Both have had their quirks.Mine: Randomly will reload the home screen when I exit an application.  A minor, yet annoying little bug.  I'm not sure if it has something to do with the "live" desktop that I use. Otherwise, it's a great phone.Hers: Randomly has SERIOUS camera problems.  Will either go to a black screen or a screen that is rainbow colored when the camera is selected.  Removing the battery and reinserting it usually will fix it, but it's maddening when you have to pry off the Trident Case that I bought for her to protect the thing.Overall, I really like the phone..just have some issues

This isn't an unlocked phone I would totally like it if it was available for TMobile. Does anyone if it is

Phone was what I expected since i was replacing one.  bloatware, sprint, ect.  as far as phones go at the present time thought i do like the phone.  The service from the seller is what i was most impressed with.  item arrived early and they also sent an optional connecter later after they were just checking to see if was satisfied.  They earned this praise.  in the future i will check with this seller first for all online shopping needs.  Seller was ETSIESTHINGS

This was my first smart gone and its worth every penny. I spent 3 paychecks to save up for it so it was worth the 300 dollars. Anyway, one thing I love about this fone is the camera and sharing options. The massive data space and the lattitude feature (flipping your fone sideways  ) the browser is unmatched by any other it seems and I like the apps that can go with the fone top. This is a legit android not some cheap knock off from friggin boost mobile that you see people using bowdays.

Sprint was unable to activate. Whenever you rate any product a &#34;one star,&#34; Amazon tries to get you to rate it higher but what about the trouble, embarrassment, and time/stress we go through? They are supposed to screen their electronics. I purchased this phone because it was fulfilled by AMAZON yet it was stolen.

Not a new phone....lot of peels and scratch; battery is old only has 20 minutes battery life. Phone not works properly.  I read many review were encountered the same problems at Amazon as I did...I don't know why they sell old phone but named its a new phone.

Got this phone for my wife to replace her blackberry but my renewal wasnt up.it was a refurbished phone but I couldnt tell! Looked like new and works great!It was half price of even a upgrade discount price from Sprint. :-)I'll be back when I have to replace any other phones.

I've been dying to get a EVO for the longest, but got stuck with Samsung phones all terrible a experiences. I ordered the EVO January 2, 2013. The email said I was to received it via USPS on January 9th. I received ,y phone today January 5th and its in perfect condition no scratches and I was able to call Sprint and activate it. Sprint had to manually do it to clear whatever was on the phone, but it wasn't major. Phone now works on the Sprint network with no issues. IMA VERY HAPPY CUSTOMER!!!!!!

For the most part, I have to say I am so happy being able to get this phone at such an affordable price. I've always been so nervous buying stuff like electronics off the internet, but I did. The phone was shipped fairly quick, and was in great shape. I have a few problems here and there with the phone getting stuck, but I can't say its anything major. All in all, I'm very happy with this phone.

This phone is horrible, I have had an HTC EVO before and loved it but this one is full of glitches and defective. I activated the phone 08/30/13 and it either won't turn on the screen and just the four bottom buttons, or the phone turns on but the screen remains on the HTC EVO logo the whole time.  If you finally get the phone to turn on and load it freezes with in 5 minutes or once you lock it, the screen  will never turn back on except for the indicator light saying it's still on and the sounds from receiving messages you can't view. The phone was delivered in a box that looks like it's been very roughly handled or previously owned, it did come with all of the accessories though, but they don't really help a broken phone work.

the item its self is fine but I did not receive  all the items that were listed to be included it the purchase in witch I am very upset about

Well I ordered my phone on saturday and it came on tuesday, so great delivery (2 business days). But when i got it the camera was CRACKED, also it has been repainted on the side and is chipping revealing the previous layer. I ryed the charger it came wiwth and another charger and IT WONT TURN ON?! wtf

I love this phone! 2012 and it is still one of the best phones out there. Speed, hmdi mirroring, extended battery, & screen size.I purchased my phone from Sprint store. FYI.

I love it sounds cool its the best item I ever see its feels good and a big screen as well

This was the cutting edge 4G phone when it first came out, but that was in 2010.  At this point, I cannot possibly recommend that anyone buy this phone.  The single biggest culprit is the abysmal battery life.  I have a bulky extended life battery and even that will only get me through 8 hours of moderate usage.  A 2 hour phone call will completely kill the battery, as will an hour of video streaming.  This phone LIVES on the charger.Furthermore, the phone cannot handle any of the latest Android software.  It crashes on a daily basis and freezes up nearly as often.  Sprint only offers one solution: a "hard reset" that wipes everything off your phone-- contacts, apps, saved files-- forcing you to start over from scratch.  And then eventually the phone starts malfunctioning again and you repeat the cycle.Lastly, as others have mentioned, the phone is loaded with useless bloatware from NASCAR, Blockbuster video and other things that I have no interest in.  But you cannot remove this bloatware and the internal memory that remains is paltry.  Even though I have a 32 GB SD card that is hardly full, I am constantly running out of memory space because many apps won't run off the SD card.  As a result, I'm constantly having to flush text messages and browser history-- or just delete apps altogether.Time has not been kind to this phone.  Do not buy it, and in general avoid all HTC products as they do not consider battery life to be a priority.  Their mistake.

Phone arrived in the condition expected and everything worked great. For the money, i feel i received a great bargain. Bottom line, i highly recommend this and would buy again from this seller.

When I received my phone, the screen was cracked. I got a note with the phone that stated, "the screen is cracked but the phone works perfectly fine" However, none of this was mentioned on the website...

Phone was exactly as described,refurbished brand spanking new and came with charger,very good condition.the only major problem with the phone was it could not activate on sprint account since the Dex/Hex numbers were not correct for the device,unfortunately i had to send the phone back and order from a different company.

Holds a charge for an entire 2 minutes. Worthless.

Right out of the box the phone will not charge.  Bought several new chargers to make sure it's the phone and not a bad charger. Still will not charge.

I recently lost my phone due to a dog peeing on me (I work at an animal hospital). When I contacted the user explaining the situation, I asked if the shipping fee could be upgraded to an expedited, as there wasn't an option, the user upgraded the shipping for free and I was only without a phone for a few days versus over two weeks. This absolutely made my day and helped out.The phone has very minor wear (i.e. sand scratches on the screen and a few rough edges) but overall, almost, a brand new phone!Going from a htc evo 4g lte, to a htc evo 4g, is a major difference, so if you love your lte, I would not recommend this change. However, that is operator err.I am a raving fan.

my first smartphone and it was a really great buy. Lasted me 2 years and never gave me any issues plus was very user friendly.

I order this phone to replace a lost phone ... the discription said it had scratches and normal wear but it came way better then expected i love it ...

This item was reported lost or stolen. Had issues at the Sprint store when they thought I stole the phone. How embarrassing. Before places like warehouses and vendors buy and resell phones they are responsible for checking it. It is illegal to sell stolen item. Maybe it will be better next time.

We bought this phone for my daughter, who was so excited about it.  When it arrived, we charged it, only to have to continually charge it every few hours - had a horrible battery life...purchased a new battery for it, only to have it happen again, was told that the phone sucks the battery life down to nothing - can't go one day without having to charge the phone.The camera function works only when it wants to and that is not often.  The latest thing it just started doing is turning off in the middle of a conversation, a text, an email, etc...Spend your money elsewhere, not worth it at all.

After having this phone for less than 6 months Im finding the phone wants to reboot daily, and I baby my phone due to lack of insurance (Sprint wont insure it) and its protected by an Otter box. Along with that is Storge issues.

I bought this phone and in the description it said it was brand new. When I recieved it, It was registered under someone's name but was deactivated. Ever since i bought this phone from this retarded seller this phone has given my life hell. Every damn day it freezes at least five times and I have to take out the battery to restart my phone. When I type half the time the letters dont even show up on the screen and it lags all the time. The speed is slower than a snail and I just wish I never wasted my time and money on this WORTHLESS phone. I am very disappointed

Got the phone. no problem for the first half of the day got it activated but the battery inside of it is defective and won't hold a charge.At least the replacement was cheap........

After receiving my New HTC EVO 4G phone it seamed to work well until after the first week. The first thing I noticed was that the camera flash/light only had one out of the two that worked then a month later no flash at all. The next was that it was over heating while going on line, it turns off and tries to reboot but would not most of the time so I had to remove battery and let it sit to cool down for 15-30 min before it would restart. The camera fogs out the pictures at low indoor and bright outdoor lighting, you need to be in perfect conditions to take a so-so pictures/videos. Return it for replacement and the phone lasted about 3 months before the same problems showed back up. Did it a third time and guess what..... I lost out on mine and also "ALL" of my friends that owned this phone.... Don't waste your time and money!!! ZERO Stars... "Not 1"

Some issues but it works good enough for me until im able to receive my new phone.

No matter what app you use, they ALL drain the battery!  I turn my phone on in the morning, takes me about 20 minutes to get ready for work, and before I leave the house the power reading is in the low 80's.  I charge my phone at least 3 times per day and most of the day it sits on my desk.  I have done all the stuff they say, lower screen brightness, close applications, deleted unused applications and even downloaded apps that say they save battery.  Nothing works!  This is a poorly engineered phone and I was misled in every way possible by the liars that Sprint employs.  I have reset batteries and bought new, nothing works!  HTC is the Pittsburgh Pirates of cell phones, they have their moments but put together a sub par product with no support system. Not to mention the phone freezing 2 to 3 times per day with no choice but to pull the battery.

My phone was damaged and I got a new evo 4g phone came in two days that was a plus because I had no phone

I Give this product 5 stars because it was in perfect conditions, more then i expected! im very satisfied with the item and the phone is not just amazing it's self? but on top of that had an extra item! witch i loved! and the boxing was really good as well! im very satisfied, and i will most defiantly be shopping for you guys again!

I am a Sprint employee, and I turned this phone on to realize that this phone is not in new condition. There was a user name attached the phone, as well as a phone number, and the phone did not self activate. Furthermore, there seems to be an issue with the battery, as it drains the whole battery in less than an hour. Also, I'm not sure if this is characteristic of the phone model, but I have no service inside my house where other sprint phones have had some service.

Although I rec'd the phone quickly had to pay extra to have it 1 day express to rec'd the phone and found out it had an bad ESN. Not cool it was my first time using amazon and I still end up having to send the phone back and buy another phone locally. Just make sure that the phone is not stolen or on the lost list..

How would you feel if you're out $130. But no phone? I bough this suppose new phone, But was no good when i got it. even the second battery they sent was no good the next day,the phone has sound but no screen. Return it by certified mail. Post office said it's delivered. They said didn't receive it.  Amazon said since they didn't receive it their 30 day Guaranty not apply. So i'm out $ 130 but no phone. I will never buy from them again. If they sent a good product none of this would happen. infect I will never buy any expensive electronic item on line again. unless you prepare to loss that money.

Ordered a NEW HTC EVO from Pacific Cellular Distributors and upon receiving and activating it I found that it is defective and will not take a charge. I paid $174 with shipping for a broken cell phone that was advertised to be new and unopened. extremely disappointed with my order

You can do so much with this Phone and I am still learn New things everyday its really can be a suprise

The phone works okay but the battery drains within one minute when i try recording video. Otherwise, everything else works fine.

The phone is great. Top of the line for online use and just about everything you can imagine with a smartphone. Really love the front and back camera. the only thing that bothers me about the phone is its battery life. With everything you can do on it, you can easily drain your battery.

I don't know if I like the item or not. The phone itself does not stay charged. I don't know if its do to the fact that it is not a new phone. I placed an order for a new phone from the seller which was an individual. The phone did not with a charger, box, Manuel, or anything else. It was sent it a brown paper folder and it looks like their was some ware and tare on the charger port. He claims he only used it for a week. But when I buy new I expect new....not used at all. So this problem I'm having I don't know if its the phone or the glitches caused by prior use.
