
It is a good phone great for texting but not such a good touch screen hard to get the right numbers pressed

I activated the phone and it powers down within 5 minutes of turning it on. I have tried multiple batteries and the same thing happens. Sending it back for a refund and will try my luck somewhere else.

this phone is not programmable through Verizon. After program it with my phone number it would shut itself off. I think Verizon changes something in the phone so it does no longer work. Its not the first time this has happened with this model. my daughters did the same thing when i tried to use it. Its possible that the phone is too old and Verizon wants me to buy newer.

This phone arrived in four days,it looks in excellant condition. I probably will order from you again if you handle other carriers. Verizon's customer service via their collections department called me every day for three weeks on someone elses account- which they know legally I can not respond to or be asked to do. This was pure harrassment on a long term existing customer with good credit- very bad choice. Due to the lies they told me while I was trying to get these irritating calls to me stopped and this resolved I do not need their service or this phone for their services. Good buy but I can not use it.

When I received the voyager it looked like it was in pretty good shape but once I activated it, it wouldn't get a signal.  So I took it to Verizon and they looked it over even tried a program for it to work but it didn't they said that the phone was junk.  So now I am upset and out the money.

Sorry I didn't rate or respond after receiving phone, usually I try to give feed back right away.I purchased this phone for my brother, he had one that broke and wanted to replace it.

I work for Verizon and used to sell this phone 2+ years ago. Overall it's a good phone but LG stopped making this phone years ago. Anyone who buys one of these should know they're not getting a new phone. Buyer beware.

Phone worked fine and then died quickly.  Was not pleased with the product.  I can see why they were dropped from the line.

I was happy with the phone when it arrived...which actually it came a few days earlier than what they estimated.  After having the phone for 3 weeks the inside screen just quit working.  Didn't do anything to damage the phone, the screen just went blank. The outside (touch screen still works) but why have a phone that only half works.  Tried for couple days to email Amazon and their website was down. Want to exchange the phone  but after getting through by email, all they did was sent me a return label, to return the phone.  I still need a phone, so I guess I will have to look elsewhere.

This was a replacement for the same phone that is 4+ years old.  What can be expected for $23.  I took a chance.  The internal screen was flaky from the start and quickly went out completely.  Returned to Amazon no questions asked.  Supplier provided a full refund.  I am sorry the phone did not work but I am completely satisfied.  That why I gave 4 stars.  BTW, I purchased another one of the same phone from another Seller for $40 and it works great.

I had one of these and broke it.  I am so glad to have another.  It is easy to use.

The touch screen does not work correctly, and the top of part of the phone is loose. When unlocking the touch screen, it takes several tries to unlock, no matter if you are using the touch screen or side button. Had I purchased this phone through verizon, I would not be stuck with it.

I like the technology of the Voyager. THe touch screen is not conducive to my bigger thumbs but if I use the index finger only or open the keyboard.. all goes well! The seller was very prompt in mailing the phone to me... Thank you!

Ordered item for mom's BD and it did not work received 2 defected phones.  Had to pay to return 1st phone.

Nice

I ordered a new phone and was sent a used phone. It was assigned a phone number from another state and it worked...ugh. I returned it to the dealer, he was very responsive to my returning it but it creaped me out being sent a phone that was clearly used when I ordered new.

I purchased the "New" LG Voyager Touch screen phone as a Christmas gift for my daughter. It arrived in a box and appeared to be new. Imagine her disappointment on Christmas day when she activated the phone and it would not work. I had charged the battery fully, and was very familiar with how to work this phone. When you tried to make or receive a call it would simply power down. We called Verizon repeatedly and they checked settings etc. I was told that it was a faulty device and to try to return it if possible. Not only was I shocked, but felt I was completely lied to when Verizon also told me the phone was not new and provided me with the previous account/phone holders phone # and dates of activation. I was promptly credited for the phone return, but will NEVER buy electronics through Amazon again. Buy at your own risk because paying double for a new versus used item obviously means nothing!

This is my first touch screen phone.  I never use the touch screen.  It doesn't work very well. I have had the phone for about two years, and it has the same amount of problems as any other phone that lasts that long.  A couple of the buttons don't work too well, and it randomly shuts off.  Battery life is actually exceptionally long.  It's not a useless phone, it works, but it definitely is not to be used to video/apps, or anything like that it just isn't very powerful.

The phone itself is great and arrived when expected. However, the battery died and wouldn't hold a charge within the first 2 weeks. So I had to purchase another battery after I was able to find one.

I will never ever by anything from WonderFones ever again ! they showed a all black phone and the words next to the phone or under the phone says (NEW VERIZON LG VX10000 VOYAGER WITH TOUCH SCREEN AND KEYBOARD)its not even close to being BLACK its GRAY and its been used it has gashes on the crome part of the phone ! so i called AMAZON and they r going to investagate the company that sold me this phone! and i will tell everyone I KNOW never buy from WONDERFONES !!!!!!!

Odered this phone to replace my wifes old phone works good just what she wanted thanks for the great deal....

the phone never work right at all i made a bad buy it was used i will never buy anything used again

Very satisfied with how fast my phone came...I really like this phone, it was brand new including a service manual complete with a home charger. The touch screen works great and the vibration is excellent and strong for me(I'm a hard sleeper and even harder to wake up), the alarm gets me up every morning on the second alert. So far so good, I have no complaints

Ok so I have had this phone for about 3 weeks or so. I was very worried about my purchase because I had read some negative comments. I have to tell you. When i received it, it was in perfectly new condition and it was so easy to activate on my current Verizon Wireless account. I did it all right from my computer. The phone has worked perfectly and I sure hope it stays that way. If your looking for a touch screen without a data plan. You should try this one.

I have contacted seller 3-4 times now they have called me he acted like he was gonna solve the problem but...  Mark called and said he would ship me a new phone and I would then upon arrival of new phone ship back the defective one.  Three weeks later I am still waiting and they said I will have to ship back this one first.  I will not ship back my phone and have the possibility of them never shipping me back a new one. It is common that a company will ship a new one and the costumer will then ship back the old one. The phone wont hold a charge over 3-4 hours and the touch screen does not work properly along with it peeling up around the edges.  The plastic is still on the phone.

I was given my first Voyager in 2007.  It worked fine until about 6 months ago.  I purchased a new one (at least it appeared to be new to me) here on Amazon.  After about 80 days, the touchscreen started acting up.  Pinktech, the seller, said their warranty period was 60 days, but graciously made an exception and sent me a replacement.  (Their customer service seems to be very good!).The replacement phone started doing the same thing the first phone did.  I just let Pinktech know about it.  I'm not asking them to replace the phone because I went ahead and upgraded with Verizon.I purchased the LG Cosmos VN250 for someone at work.  Today he just told me he really likes the phone so maybe that's an alternative to the Voyager.

There isn't a flash and it shuts off randomly really disappointed with the phone. Nothing like what I expected at all

was ok did not last long the panel to keyboard kept falling off would not get another one  not to happy with this one

this worked perfect to replace my dads prepaid phone. They reachout mobile had no problems with transferring to this phone

I was very picky about choosing a phone because I haven't ever wanted one, but as far as cell phones go, this is a good product.  I really appreciate the double screen and the fact that you can navigate through all the phones features via the touch screen and the keyboard.  I'm not usually a fan of touch screens, but this one's not too bad.  I LOVE the size of the keys on the keyboard.  The only things I'm not pleased with are (1) that sometimes whilst typing, certain keys have a tendency to stick for a split second and register twice, and (2) because this phone's not brand new, a lot of the features aren't supported anymore.  Like the music function.All in all, if you're used to smartphones, you'll be disappointed, but if you're just looking for a sturdy, reliable phone that's not a dinosaur, you should be pleased with this one.

Got first one in the mail did not work got the second one did not work so will not purchase this customer again.

the phone arrived on time but when you talked you could hear yourself with an echo in the back ground. Then I completely crashed and did not work at all. We have no way of returning it within the 14 days because we are in Georgia. I had to go to the Verizon Store and purchase another phone with another 2 year contract. I am not happy at all.

cons:it wont let me get any appsi hav to flip the phone to type sumthinpros:its not slowits a great temporary phone, like it is for meits good for me getting it refurbishedit has a touch screen

Well the phone arrived, great timing for delivery, looks good, almost brand new. So whats the problem. I bought this phone to replace my daughter phone because he cosmo was done. I just needed a phone for her to get her through the end of her contract. One problem! the OSI system was out dated! I could program the phone to call and receive and make texts but everything else. Like back up assistant and verizon tones, etc etc is NOT SUPPORTED. I went back to read the product review from this vendor and NO WHERE did he/she mention that the OSI system was outdated and may not work. There was no way that Verizon could updated the software system so be able to get those applications. Now I will have to file a claim with assurion to get another phone with an updated OSI software system! Another bucks down the drain. I will never buy from this person again and the only reason I'm giving it  stars is because the phone arrived quickly and the phone looks almost brand new! OTHER than that it sucks!

SORRY! SORRY! SORRY! I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING IF BRIGG NAME IS ON ITS AND WILL TELL NOBODY ELSE TO DO SO.

Phone's battery port was broken it cost more to fix that than the phone cost. was not worth my purchase!

The phone is fine but I was used to a newer model so this phone was just not a good fit for me.

Good Phone.  I have had one since Aug 2008.  It has a large keyboard that is easy to read.  Handles all of my phone and texting needs.  Good price point for a brand new product.  I would buy one again.

it was no use to me it was a prepaid  phone and i didn't realize it till i tried to activate it  how sad I am so disappointed wishe I knew how to get my money back on this anyone know how I can return this

The price was good and shipping was okay BUT when i finally had gotten the phone and registered it to our phone account we had found out the phone would not make calls out that it would shut off. So we contacted the seller and he was nice about it, sent another one again shipping was great BUT again the phone had the same issue, we knew it was not our company. We had to send back the phones paying shipping and handling for them too. It was a big hassle but they were good about it, refunded and all. I just won't use this seller again

I gave this item 6 stars 3 weeks after receiving it and for some time it really did shine. November came along and it decided to switch itself off whenever it felt like it. It eventually comes back on, sometimes for a week, sometimes for a day, sometimes for just 5 minutes. It was a great phone while it lasted, and all things considered what can I expect for the price... I'll tell you what I expect... ANY phone, regardless of cost should last at least a year, especially considering how babied this one was. never dropped, never jarred, never exposed to extreme temps, it should last for years. Why not, the same model  Voyager we had before this one did ! JUNK - "Dependable" I guess isn't in their dictionary anymore...  By the way..we ordered the black one (pictured) but received the gray one...

Decent phone for my son.  Meets his needs.  Oh negative is screen has some problems after four weeks.  Works well.

I ordered this phone for my teenage son. We both picked the phone out. Well...we received the phone and the phone would not charge with the charger we received with the phone...I contacted the seller "BestNPrice" and they said I have to contact amazon...ok well I got a $5 refund for a charger...Great!! well then I received the charger and the phone still didnt hold a charge...because it went all the way through the phone...ok...now I am too pissed!! I talked with someone at amazon and then he said he couldnt send a replacement phone...they could just refund the money...after I send the other phone back..What???? now he emails me a return label...and I have to print if off and then send the phone back...ok if my son didnt need a phone..he wouldnt have one...normally I am happy with amazons' products..but NOT this time!!! I have to go through all of this for a refurbished phone!! I only got it because it was a great price and the reviews showed that it was a great phone..which was the Lg Voyager vx10000!! I guess I will have to find another phone!!Ugh!!!!

I was really tight on money and I need a cell phone for work related issues, and needed a phone ASAP, saw this on the website and all the reviews were great, i bought a used phone and it was definitely in worse shape than the seller described, I don't think I'll be purchasing from this seller again

If you put me in a room with a Verizon salesman and this phone I would never buy it again. I've bought this phone new, at first it was great, then as the weeks went buy it kept getting worse and worse. First thing the battery life is beyond terrible, it died the first day I had it. Second was my fault, which is how pron the front screen is to be shattered. 2 months in, the battery bar would randomly blink at all times of the day and eventually buttons started failing, etc. In all, this phone lasted me about 4 months, even that is pushing it. I wouldn't suggest anyone buying this phone.

I purchased 2 of these phones from this company.  6 months later one of the phones charging ports is broken.  It was ok to start with, then with more charging if loosened then broke.  All of the chargers that this company sent to us also broke.  I have sent several emails with no response from the company.

Device would have been ok.  Phone would go from ring setting to vibrate randomly, even though ring vol.  was set to high.  Was expecting a phone that would ring when getting an inbound call.  Returned the phone

Got the phone.  It looked new with all the packing materials, etc.  Charged it and it worked beautifully except the back light didn't work.  They immediately sent me a return mailing label and I had to take the package to the post office.  They sent me out another "new" phone and the back light worked perfectly, but the phone did not ring, no matter what the setting.  I am sending it back to them again and will try the same phone from a different vendor.

This company, 5 Star Distributing, appears to have been so satisfactory in teh rating however, there are several complaints about it with regard to this phone in this section!! Amazon needs to refurbish their rating system pronto as they are missing these important complaints!!

I got this phone 4 years ago, and it's held up to this day. I didn't buy it from Amazon, but it has been the best phone I have owned to date.The only problem is, I spent half of that time without a front screen, apparently pressure broke the front screen while it was in my pocket. Probably my fault for not having some sort of case on it so I didn't put pressure on the screen.But aside from that, the phone worked perfectly. I recently retired this phone to go with a Virgin Mobile, had to cut the cell phone costs. But I made sure to buy another LG, the Optimus V, which so far has been just as wonderful as the Voyager.I took a star off for the front screen, but honestly, it wasn't that useful in the first place. It had a slow interface on the touch screen and it was hard to do anything on it, you always ended up opening it anyways. Everything else about it was wonderful though. The battery life was great, the included Mobile IM was useful, the vibrate was strong enough to be heard from downstairs which I liked actually, and the keyboard on the phone was as comfortable to use as a full sized keyboard on a computer, very easy to get used to.

I've had 2 of these phones now. and both have had the same problems.Unlocks itself in your pocket and calls people/goes online/changes settings etc (Constantly)Shuts off all the time, for no reason (this is the worst).Touch screen on the front is USELESS. barely works, if at all.Software malfunctions constantlySometimes during a call it mutes you. you can hear whoever your talking to but they hear nothing. (and no im not accidentally hitting the &#34;mute&#34; button, i know because i've turned it on and off trying to get people to hear me to no avail)The only plus is the big buttons to text with. Otherwise my experience has been that this phone is not worth the money, no matter how cheap

I love this phone and wanted to replace it. I did and I'm very pleased with it. It works perfectly.

This phone is so great. The touch screen is pretty sensitive but not so much, that you can use your nails to click things. Plus the inner keyboard is huge! the button for space is in a weird place compared to other phones but once I got used to where it is, then texting is a breeze! Takes great pictures, kinda slow in taking them but once they come out, they look really good for a simple phone like this. Mine was bought used, and I took a good hour or so going all over the phone looking for some type of cosmic wear but to my surprise, there is none! I'm super happy with this product :) I give it 2 thumbs up, and i recommended it to all of my friends looking for a clean, simple, but not too basic texting phone. They all Love it too! And the cool zebra case I got for it. &#60;3

love it need more like this well tell  people  about ya i think ya have good phone people can trust

This is a great phone for a teen without having to pay the data plan.  It's too bad that it is no longer being made by LG.

The product was exactly as it was described.  Works great! Decent battery life.  I would definitely recommend this product.  I am very satisfied with this purchase.

i would not recomend this phone or this web site to anyone!  I received the phone and it did not work !!  No way to return it!

well first off it seams like its a great phone looks good and operates well but its very fragile i have gone through 2 of theses fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me...but the charger doesnt really go into the phone smoothly got to kinda force it in. it gets dinged up and scratched pretty easy also. the touch screen is ok not the greatest but the keyboard is good just overall not very good experiences with this phone hope you take this into consideration when looking at purchasing this

Just what I wanted in a regular phone.easy to use no problems.keyboard is nice size phone is comfortable to talk on

phone is like brand new....recommend you guys highly....works great.... better battery life than my previous one....thank you very much amazon

The keyboard is easy to use; the backlight allows for good visability; and the sound quality is is clear.  Overall I am very pleased with my purchase.
