
Have this phone now for 5 month and dont believe there is a better phone at this price on the market. Phone is fast and battery live is not as bad some people report. With normal use, GPS and Bluetooth disconnected, battery hold up to 12 hours.It connects very fast to internet and fast for downloading apps. As other people reported here, today after five month I'm still finding new uses. It is a little bit large phone, but very slim and therefore comfortable to use. I bought an Otterbox shelf and it grows to a small little tank, but well protected and still goes in a pocket. Last month the earphone failed and I could still use it with the speaker until my son found the spare part and send it to me in Venezuela. Here the phone was repaired and after three hours I got it back like new. The phones sound is below average but I uses it with a small Monster speaker connected with bluetooth and sound is very good, the same with headphones. With a 16 GB micro SD  card I have over 860 songs and music and a lot of apps stored and still 8,8 GB left. I reommend this phone to people wanting an Iphone but are not willing to spend this much.They will receive the same or more satisfaction with the Android system.

Through out the life span of cell phones I have had countless types of phones, Motorola, Samsung, HTC, Nokia, and Iphone. The last time I had an HTC it did not work well at all. It would always freeze on me. So recently due to the fact that my Iphone was just a piece of fragile glass that shattered on me the first time it fell I decided to go for the HTC Inspire. Boy.. this phone is fun. There are so many features that not even Iphone has. It is fast, texting is  a lot more easier. The screen is a great size that you can see anything. It has a camera that puts Iphone camera to shame. Takes great pictures. So if you are thinking about a phone but not too sure which one to go for I recommend the HTC Inspire. You won't regret it I promise.. :)

This is my second smart phone I have ordered (different seller for the first) in a week this one finally came, and when I purchase a BLACK phone it would be nice not to receive a BROWN phone with the sticker placed on it saying black and yes there is a noticeable difference but I need a cell phone for work and do not have time to return yet again another phone. So if your not in a hurry for a phone check it first and return it if its wrong.

I was textin and the screen just whet black iam hope I get a replace phone I did not have the phone very long at all and it just blacked out

horrible battery life /blk screen at times  / force restart  everything else is ok  and ok price for it being a high end phone...

i'm not sure that price may be higher then quality.but this device has quality problems. after 1.5 year use, u will noticebad pixels on display. some useless services not kill, and etc

This phone arrived in a box that looked like it had just left a soccer match ( badly beaten ) HTC confirmed that the phone was not new and that the IMEI was previously activated and that the warranty was expired. The IMEI on the box is not the IMEI on the phone. The 3G/4G does not work at all. I was lucky to get dial up speeds on this phone. I enjoy using Amazon, but I will be using more caution in the future when it comes to electronics. Contacting seller for return shipping and a full refund.

Please don't buy this Product from OrderInstant(USA). They sell all used phones and show it as &#34;New&#34;. Also all the phones sold by OrderInstantUSA are expired warranty and HTC wont cover .

I am so disappointed with the description of the phone, your descriptions says that this phone is unlocked which is not true, this phone is not unlocked and to unlocked it cost me $30, I will never buy phones on line again especially when it says unlocked and comparable with t-mobile. Very unhappy it does not work the way I thought it will the internet connections are not as good as it should be. Your advertise is false, if you saying that phone is unlocked then unlocked very unhappy with that.

Excellent phone. Phone came with warranty. The HTC Inspire 4G came unlocked so I did not have to sign a two year contract with AT&T. For $45.00 a month I had the HTC cell phone switched to a Straight Talk phone with Unlimited Talk, Text and Data. Plus my server is still AT&T!  Perfect for my 13 year child.  The seller shipped my purchase in lightning fast speed.  I highly recommend this seller!

In a nut shell excelent phone but not unlocked as advertised.....cost me 40 dollars to unlock here in Guyana.Still trying with the seller to rectify this will update in a few days

i like the phone and it has many wonderful options. the only problem that i had was you can not do any of the update on a mac so beware and as i found out later it that way for all HTC and android phones

Very good item, is very functional and has the lastes things for its operation that a cell phone can offer at these days.

My HTC Inspire was in rock solid condition. It was totally NEW.  But what really impressed me is that the phone box had a large tape where the phone box's seal would normally be. (every merchant who sells unlocked phones has  to break the original seal of the box so they can take it out  and &#34;unlock&#34; it) And on it and it had Breed's toll free customer service on there clearly printed with their hours of operation on it.  Should have I needed to contact them for any reason there was not going to be any digging around or waiting for email replies. I just love it when an ONLINE merchant gives you this kind of customer service. Now that I had the phone I needed a wireless provider. Yes, I bought my H2O wireless SIM from them. The sim was free and had a 40.00 card for just 34 bucks - free shipping. Buying JUST THE SIM directly from H2O was going to run me 20.00 dollars. I have been on the net before amazon was born. This was one of my best shopping experiences.

Wanted a contemporary phone so I would not look too old fashioned. This phone works well. All I had to do was slip in my sim card and use. It is fast and the internet connections are fast and easy too. The only problem is the volume when I use the ear phones . Sometimes the volume is so loud through the earpiece I have to take them out of my ears - it is almost as loud as when on speakerphone. It sometimes adjusts itself but  at  first it is almost deafening.

It is quite economical and It has all the features which should be there in a good smart phone. good apps.

Android is great, but after 7 months of ownership words cannot express how much I hate this phone.  The reception is terrible--my wife reliably gets a signal on her little throw-away when I cannot on this phone.  The screen is unreadable even in the shade if it's daylight--you have to be indoors.  The rotate screen function is entirely unreliably.  You cannot zoom into the screen except on a few apps, and the font for some apps, such as Contacts, is miniscule.

Best phone I have ever had! Fast, smooth, good memory, great pics, works well with my network. Awesome. Glad I bought it at a reasonable price.

This phone have a amazing screen functions great processor, my friend like it so get a second one for one of them and no problems at all. Im from Costa Rica and the network works so great.

Item listed as New and sold by Jet Set Market and fulfilled by Amazon. Item arrived in an AT&T; box as expected. However, the phone itself is far from new. I am dissapointed that Amazon just chooses to do business with anyone. I choose this particular seller though the order was fulfilled by Amazon thinking that if anything it must be a good seller if Amazon fulfills their orders. There is a sticker on the outside of the AT&T; box that lists IMEI number, serial number etc. I noticed right out of the box that the phone had visual damage to the front speaker part that is at the very top part of the phone. It it bent. Next I turned the phone over and saw that the "label-cover" that is screwed on to the inside of the phone (the labels containing the IMEI number, serial number etc where you insert your battery) was coming undone. Up close you can clearly see that the cover has been tamered with and see that the inside screws have been unscrewed before. Now granted, the phone is unlocked so I am fully aware that the seller had to insert a battery, power the phone up in order to unlock the phone, but there is no need to remove the INTERNAL battery cover, that is the battery cover on the inside of the phone not the outside battery lid/cover, unless someone replaced a part on the inside of the phone. As per another buyer's review who had contacted HTC for a warranty issue and then discovered that his phone had an IMEI number that had already been registed, I called HTC to check on the phone I had infront of me when I noticed that the phone I orderd has a serial number on the inside of the phone that is different than the one listed on the box. The box label and the phone label have the same IMEI number but the serial numbers are different. The HTC rep told me that this can be due to the fact that the "motherboard" of the phone could have been replaced. In such cases, they use the same IMEI number but serial number can change. In anycase, not only is the phone visible damaged on the front speaker, but also tampered with in the inside as well as serial numbers not matching. I contacted Amazon who issued a refund immediately and send me a prepaid return label. Needless to say, they offered to send me a new phone however just a few days after ordering my phone which was sold by Jet Set Markets (also listed as Samina Ladha) today Amazon is fulfulling the order sold by Ross Cellular. Ross Cellular was the seller who sold the phone with an already registered IMEI number to the other buyer I read a review by. I decided to take my refund and shop elsewhere. I am dissapointed in the sellers Amazon chooses to do business with but thankful that they refunded me promptly.Update: 11/15/12 . . . I kept my eyes on this listing and I noticed in the span of only a couple of days Amazon changes their sellers that they fulfill their orders from.  Their computer system must randomly pick sellers they have an agreement with.  Exact same phone and listing but new sellers every other day.  Having said that, my experience is based on the seller Jet Set Markets (also comes up under name Samina Ladha).  As a buyer who reads a negative review/experience look for the name of the seller, if listed in the review, as this will make a big difference in your buying experience.  There are plenty of reviews on this site from happy customers.  I just wish they would have listed who they actually bought from.  I based my own buying decision on the positive reviews thinking it was the same seller as listed in the advertisement only to discover they change every so often.  My advise, read through the reivews especially the negative ones and see if a seller's name is listed and stay clear from that particular seller.  If another seller is listed under the phone you are buying that day, then make your decisions accordingly.  Good Luck!If Amazon approves, I uploaded two photograph of the phone to go with my reivew.  Look under "customer pictures" above.

The phone is great, as usually for HTC phones. But it is NOT TRULY UNLOCKED as advertised. It only works fully with an AT&T provider, otherwise you cannot use all the apps or functions. For example you cannot have access to 4G or 3G, but have only access to edge. So if you are looking for an unlocked phone, buy it from someone else!

so far I really like the phone. works great and seems the have a few more options than my buddys inspire. I bought one a week prior on here to buying this one and it did not work but it came from another company. I got this one from breed. and it works great it did not come with the regular htc usb charger but I like the one they sent. the phone is really fast and works good so far but I have only have for 2 days now. but all is well so far so good....

Even through the phone looks perfect, screen intact, no visible damage, it has a little punch in the speaker, so i can tell it was at least used once and it fell. But the phone works perfectly.

I finally broke down and purchased an unlocked smartphone. I can't believe all the things this phone does. I love it. I watch movies, play games, use internet, use GPS, make calls without any problems, and use Wi-Fi which saves surfing minutes on my carrier plan. The only problem I had was setting the VPN, but when I figured out that I had to go to my carrier's website to set that (They had online instructions.), all was good. I've had it for a couple of months now and I purchased an AT&T sim card out of curiosity and stuck with my TMobile prepaid plan. Now I can switch between AT&T and TMobile. It works great!

its a good phone i love  love the phone  camera its nice.love the gps  and its so fast its so good.

Phone arrived a few days later than expected, but arrived in good shape and works great!!  Really pleased with it.

i received it early and it works really well...i love it and would recommend it to everyone to give it a try..

In general not a bad phone.  Nice screen size and quality.  Perhaps a tad heavy.  Enough juice in the battery for one day use.  Do not forget to charge regularly.  Volume controls are not very responsive and opening and closing the phone to replace/insert SIM, MicroSD, and/or battery is a nuisance as the plastic covers are difficult to use.Rooting/unlocking the phone is not too complicated apart from the challenge to enter HBOOT mode requiring powering on while holding the volume-down button.  The volume button is extremely unresponsive and I probably had to boot 25 times before being successful.

this is a good camera phone at less price. excellent camera.no complaints as such. I have this for 6-7 months and hanged only once, this could happen to any other phone too.good product..

This was the second time I tried this type of cell phone from another vendor. I thought the previous one I had purchased was just defective so I thought I'd give this brand another try with a different vendor.  Well, I was wrong.  This phone would not even recognize the T-Mobile network so needless to say I had to return it.  I am very disappointed with this type of cell phone so I do not recommend it at all.

I really enjoy the phone and the only problem I had from it was that it wasn't unlocked and the battery dies fast but that's with all HTC's.  Other than that the phone is great.

ProsGreat Camera, takes good photosFeels good in the handRemovable battery, you can buy a spare for around $5 (comes in handy when you're traveling, and you can have a fully charged spare battery in your pocket).Tough Quality, (dropped it couple of times and no cracks on the screen)ConsNo front cameraSlows up from time to timeOther Things to ConsiderThe phone did freeze from time to time and I had to remove the battery in order to unfreeze it, but this stopped after upgrading from Android 2.2 to 2.3.Currently runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread; Successors to 2.3 are in following order: Ice Cram Sandwich 4.0, Jelly Bean 4.1, Jelly Bean 4.2.Yes, the phone works with Tmobile, but you will not get 4g speed. Not a problem if you only want data for email and twitter or if you only plan to use wifi.

Customer service is very responding. Found two missed accessories. They corrected the error immediately and received them in 3 days.

Everything is in good condition but BATTERY FINISH VERY QUICKLY . Sometimes it goes only for an hour. It is new mobile n unable to use for a day. Have to carry charger all day long which is not accaptable ...

Have this phone for about a week or so and it has been working pretty good. The only couple of things that I didn't like was that it doesn't have wifi calling like my last phone had (I live out in the country and get poor reception but I have DSL internet... go figure lol) and it didn't initially connect to the T-Mobile's network for internet and sending and receiving pictures. The latter part was pretty easy to fix, I went to [...] and followed the instructions. For the wifi calling, I personally can live without it, but there are apps out there that will let you make calls through your wifi. There is a little bit of a battery drain but I think it has to do with searching for a signal in my area (for the other comments about the battery, check the active apps you have running and also if your phone is searching for a signal. If it isn't then it's the battery and talk to the seller to see about getting a replacement for that). So all in all it is a nice little sexy phone for the price and it has been doing pretty good for me so far.

I rooted mine running Jellytime rom on it, with Straight Talk service(You wont get 3g/4g on Tmobile with these... yet at least, until they complete the re-farming process)I got some of these cases:http://www.amazon.com/Inspire-Desire-Rubber-Case-Protector/dp/B004QILC54/ref=pd_sim_cps_1They are cheap, but work fineI've had it for over a year, dropped it countless times, got it wet, installed tons of roms,Its not fast, but its not unbearably slow. It plays all games.The GPS could be betterThe call quality seems to be deteriorating a little. I bet the speaker is really dirty.Takes decent pics (not at night)If your looking at one, chances are your on a budget... That's fine. This phone will serve you well.I highly suggest learning how to root it, and installing jellytime rom(its the best ive found, and ive tried LOTSInspire 4g info: [...]Rom: [...]Anyway, you know your not looking at a cutting edge phone here... But its as good as an iPhone 4, and still works good enough for me that I don't plan on upgrading till i have to. Just make sure you get a good price.

This is a wonderful phone that is doing everything it's supposed to now that I have all the parts it was supposed to come with.  When I received the phone there was a note saying that they hadn't had time to unlock it so I should e-mail the seller and get the code.  I did and within an hour I received the code and the phone unlocked easily.  I also had not received the 8g mini SD memory card it was supposed to come with.  This was a bit more of a problem since you can't take pictures or save anything without it.  I asked the seller for the memory card and he sent it immediately which showed up in a few days.  Now that I have all the bits and pieces it is working wonderfully.  The battery goes quickly so be sure to recharge it often and get a car battery so when you are on the move you can recharge it.

the phone works excellent, when I'm overseas it connects to the other networks even in East Africa. I have no trouble with the clarity of connections the person is hearing me great as I do them.

This phone is horrible, worst experience i have ever had, Phone does not turn on or charge properly. I hate HTC and The seller of this phone for wasting this much time of mine.

I had an HTC Incredible2 with my cell phone compamny but it wouldn't work with Consumer Cellular whose programs better suits my limited needs for a cell phone. This phone has everything I wanted -- my little computer when I am away from home. It takes great photos, particularly outside. The Incredible2 took better flash photos.

phone was not compatible with my phone service only works with AT&T, the phone worked fine, no issues with delivery or purchase it just didn't work well with T-Mobile carrier I ended up selling it

This new purchased HTC Inspire Android looks like near identical to Desire HD seems like with similar driver software and is a very nice phone. Housing is ridid and solid feeling. Carefully correcly slide battery and sims cover for a good feeling fit. Quick crisp function with sharp attractive lcd display. HD 720 video cam turns out astonishing videos with good 30fps style shootee movements. Better than previous n95 fair bit so. Smooth small pixel video for a phone cam. Multi adjustment 8mp camera that shoots like good hd dedicated camera photos. You might spend time on tethering to download video, etc. to computer. Only way for now is to download HTC's Sync software which has the phones drivers to show up on storage device list in my computer under your C: drive. You got to have correct phone drivers first as stand alone or part of a software like HTC Sync which is free. Looks like not sure because went through many try ways and forgot but HTC Desire HD drivers and software is compatable. It's sad though when a higher tech electronic device has everything to work but can't get it to work when it can with correct procedures. Sometimes it's technically hard even as per intruction follow basis. You have to have some pan experience or some infrastructure fundamental understanding. This Android OS version is appealing and the ROM BIOS company difference is good and entertaining. GPS works good with offline maps and POI's. Do not need data connection nor wifi to use just like dedicate GPS for cars. Free or a few bucks for map software. This phone looks big with big lcd touch screen. I heard it had an aluminum alloy back chassis. Looks corporate sophisticated. Charges quick with full battery when so information when off charging. The cameras are very super and in HD with GPS navigation.After time spent with HTC, I still like and still has new buy value. The video is truly good and even in nightclub lights if you adjust the exposure to full - and get good light movement in video. Gps is good long as use quick lock on software and can be use with offline stored maps and poi's with no wifi nor mobile data required. Vast market of android software. Choose the best for your phone type. As for any new beta type android phone problems, I encountered a boot loop problem which recycles partial restarts. It's not too much of a problem for due to expertise in fixing most anything unless true terminal. Systematically got it linear function again with fewer software installed and correct system config. How long last - don't know but seems to fix easy on the fly on the spot. Kept factory HTC ROM way. Aside from the boot loop occasional problems the phone is still fine and like to use. Evidently as one reason do take care the sd card procedure as it seems important to cut on better function. The read and link of data from the sd seem to require exact correct procedure or hyperthread error and boot loop crash. Multiple installs and from backup may not sure of apps may corrupt in natural eventually. May experiment with force stop on certain running apps may work to test. Correct sd procedure seems to work for me and a complete erase and redo reset - full clean job.

Yes, it does have a large screen for videos, pictures etc. But still not for me as it is very complicated not so easy to use and could not download some of the applications as well. And runs out of battery very quickly.

So far so good, I bought this to use with Straight Talk service ($45 mo unlimited) and it does that well. Phone is very responsive, with almost zero lag switching between screens and loading apps. So far I'm liking everything about this phone (coming from Nokia E71).  My download speeds, as checked on speedtest are over 5mbps, faster than my home DSL!  Screen size is nice, being slightly wider than other phones I've owned, makes watching movies and reading web pages nice. I ordered the Case-Mate case and really like it, also the Zagg screen protector which is very good and easy to install without air bubbles. Wanted to note that battery life out of the box was not that great as with many touch screen phones, but if you can limit the amount of background apps running, turn down the display brightness a little, and have the lock timeout set at 30 seconds to 1 minute, battery life can improve quite a bit. I use a battery saving app called "Juice Defender"  it will shut down apps and automatically adjust settings for the best battery life. I have no problem with the phone running all day during normal use, but if used heavily playing games or watching movies a car charger is a good idea.

To my dismay the phone was not unlocked, what an inconvenience ! Now I have to return the phone, ridiculous !

Seller sent me defective phone. This phone does not turn on . I just received it but it is not working at all. I do not understand the seller is calming the phone is new and sent me without testing it. I like Amazon.com  but now I am loosing my thrust at Amazon.com. This is the second time I order phone and became defective.Thank you. I hope you will stop sending customers defective item in the future.I am sending the phone back.

I love this phone. It's been almost 2 years and still using it. The only thing I don't like about this phone is the camera. During day light, I capture excellent pictures, but when there is not enough light or at night it's so hard to capture a clear picture. Pictures taken in low light or at night times are mostly blurry. You have to keep your hands still to capture a qood quality pictures. Sometimes I have to capture 4/5 times to take one good picture. Other than this, I'm happy with the phone.

First of all, do not be fooled by the Customer uploaded images showing a brand spanking new Inspire 4G in an AT&T; box. Both of the phones which were shipped to me were shipped in tattered boxes and you could tell they had been sitting in filthy conditions. They both were in AT&T; boxes, but they each had problems. The fancy looking paperwork that is one of the images is non-existent. You get the HTC Inspire, Lithium Ion Battery, AC Charger, Micro-USB sync cable and a Quickstart Guide. No 8GB MicroSD card even though the boxes list them as part of the contents. NEW? Not possible if they don't come with an SD Card. I uploaded my own customer photos to go along with this review. Please click on the Customer Uploaded photos to view my pictures.The first seller I will review is iCellPhones. This order was fulfilled by Amazon, which is the only way I would ever purchase an item that reaches the $200 mark. The phone was shipped and came in on time. When I received the box, I immediately noticed that it didn't look shiny like the photos that were uploaded by sayed mohammed. The box was dull, and was taped haphazardly. On the outside of the box was a listing of the package contents. As I opened the box, I noticed everything there except the 8GB MicroSD card. Every item was sealed in the package and I began to get everything in order so that my son could receive a fully charged and operation phone on Christmas Day. I noticed immediately that the micro USB sync cable was a generic one, and although it worked, I was a bit perturbed that I paid a "NEW" phone price and received generic and missing contents. (See customer uploaded photos for proof) Unfortunately, the phone never worked properly. I couldn't get a signal anywhere in my house, 9 times out of 10 I would dial a number and it would immediately hang up. I began browsing forums and found that some Inspires had terrible reception and the only way to fix it was to solder wires, or dial *#*#4636#*#* and change from WCDMA preferred to GSM only or blah blah. I also noticed that the SIM cover doubled as an antenna and the 'gold' contacts for the antenna actually looked as though they had peeled completely off. (I uploaded photos for proof of this as well) Instead of trying to void the phone, and by the time I fully tested it, it was too late and I had to order another phone on Amazon on December 24th for next day delivery. Unfortunately, I couldn't just exchange the phone because Amazon fulfilled the order, but it was sold through iCellPhones...there was no option, so I had to fork out another $229 for another phone before receiving the refund on this phone.The second seller I will review is BytesofDeals. Again, Amazon came through flawlessly. I've never had an issue with their fulfillment and although this phone was sold by BytesofDeals, it was fulfilled by Amazon...PEACE OF MIND!. The phone would arrive on December 26th. The box for this phone was in much better shape. I thought I had a winner, but my hopes were soon dashed when I opened the box and found again...no 8GB MicroSD card and this time...the battery was in worse than used shape, it was completely abused. (See customer images for proof) Luckily I still had the battery from the previous seller and had not sent the other phone back and I was able to take comparative photos for this review. Unfortunately for my son, this phone had the same issues as the last one. Super Low to non-existent reception. I am comparing this phone's reception to a Samsung Galaxy SIII, an iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 and a Motorola Bravo (his old phone). All of these phones are owned by us on the same AT&T; phone plan. They can all make calls that this HTC Inspire 4G fails on every time. Just google Inspire 4G reception problems and you will see what I am talking about. I ended up taking this second phone to AT&T; and having them set me up again with a new SIM card. It was of no help. Same issues. I gave up and am returning both phones as I type this.As a side note, I can't prove it, but it appears to me that these phones are refurbished. When comparing the two phones side by side, I noticed that one of the phones has a void sticker over one screw underneath the side cover. Both of the other exposed screws are silver. On the other phone, there are no "void" stickers on any of the screws and the sticker that has the IMEI number appears to have been removed at one time. There is one black screw and 2 silver screws. These appear to be amateur refurb jobs.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone. Even with Amazon fulfilling the orders, you'll still be out money. I am so thankful that Amazon will refund the money but I have to drive to UPS, ship these back with the pre-printed shipping labels and then wait for them to receive them. They say after 2 days they will refund the money.

great phonew, amazing camera it's very fast the only problem with this phone is the battery. I had to buy an extended battery.

i just keep an extra battery charged up and i switch the two batteries daily. my charger doesn't seem to work well, takes forever. charging the batteries works much faster. .. otherwise phone has lots of neat things and big beautiful screen.

The phone has a very good camera, beautiful display and responds well to touch. It hangs at times but i guess most other phones do that

hello my son deleted the firmware can you help me to restore it ?please  write  to me raulmoreno@intercable.netthanks for your help

I bought this phone a little over a month ago. The only apps I really care about are facebook and instagram, and this phone runs both fine. However, it's overall very laggy and freezes often. Sometimes the phone will shut off and the only way to get it to turn back on is to remove & reinsert the battery.Also, even though the MP of the camera is high, do not be fooled. The picture quality is very low. It also doesn't have an inside camera which makes taking pictures of yourself difficult.After a month the charger port became loose and  the phone would no longer charge. I was able to exchange my phone but they (CellLounge) sent me a refurbished phone, and it kept shutting off in the midst of setting it up. The very next day it would not turn on no matter how many times I removed & reinserted the battery. Since I couldn't be given a new phone I requested a refund.I purchased a Motorola Atrix which is WAY faster, takes better pictures and does not shut off on me (it's also cheaper!).

generally is good phone, but the battery is poor. This phone is very  fast and browse internet. The screen have much resolution and good reading

This device actually comes with Android 2.3 Gingerbread pre-installed now, rather than 2.2 Froyo, so that was a nice surprise. The phone loads apps very quickly, with virtually no lag. The 4.3 inch screen is quite nice to look at, and very responsive to touch. However, if I have one complaint about the phone, it would be the external speaker. For some reason, it just isn't loud enough on maximum, and the sound seems to come out of the rear speaker more than the front (this can be annoying when you're trying to watch a YouTube video, for example). Another downside of this speaker issue is that you may not hear the phone ring or make a notification sound if you have it on your bed or some other surface where the back speaker could be muffled. I guess you could solve this by putting the phone face down. However, phone call quality/loudness is excellent - I only have an issue with external volume.I would also recommend using the Handcent SMS app for text messaging rather than the stock text messaging app that comes with this phone; the stock one has the propensity for removing the names of the people you're texting, so you would only see their phone number and you might lose track of who you're actually texting with. That's pretty annoying, and Handcent doesn't do that (plus it looks a lot better - very reminiscent of the iPhone's text messaging format). You can download this for free from the Android Market on your phone.And one note about the video camera - I've seen several video recording tests from this phone on YouTube where the sound quality is absolute crap. But I can assure you that when I tested out the video recording on mine, the sound quality was actually good and normal. Overall I'm enjoying this phone a lot - it's definitely not a small device to hold, and it might seem a bit heavy at first, but you get used to these things because it is a really high-quality device. That's why, despite my complaint about the speaker, I give it 5 stars (though I'd give it 4 and a half if it were allowed - I really do not understand why this phone couldn't have had a better external speaker).

Does not work on T-mobile network as advertised. This is not an unlocked phone, it is an AT&T branded phone. I am so pissed. I just activated a new T-mobile account only to find out that this is an AT&T phone. It has AT&T right on the phone as well as loaded with their apps. T-mobile uses different frequency's than AT&T.

I usually dont write reviews or like phones because I tend to break them so fast. This one with the case I bought for it tend to be a wonderful phone. I like its durability for now anyway and the ease of use. Its a more sturdy phone than the others i buy and break so fast. Thank you

In the 9 months I had this phone, I had to have it replaced under warranty 5 times because on all 5 devices the charging port fell out. Phone would also freeze a LOT, shut down, and was slow. My trust in HTC went downhill with this phone.

producto de muy buena calidad, el vendedor es muy responsable debido a que respondi&oacute; r&aacute;pidamente a mis solicitudes, exelente atencion

I love this phone. It has great 'bells and whistles',, is easy to carry, lightweight for the size, easy to see and manipulate.

Must have been refurbished because phone is worthless, camera is terrible, ads popping up, phone locks up and I have to remove battery all the time, won't charge with charger that was sent, instruction manual was a photocopy with half material missing. Very disappointed after two months of use

Excellent cell phone, the only thing bad is the battery life, otherwise it's super quick and easy to handle ...

The phone seems fine until I tried to use it.  The BATTERY keeps ONLY ONE HOUR charge.  I am really disapointed and want a refund.  How do I return it or get a good battery????  What good is a cell phone that dies before you need it?  I am very unhappy.  It was a gift and I am totally embarassed to give a worthless gift, even if it is supposed to be refurbished.  No excuse.

This phone is awesome and the seller was awesome too I got my phone in two days. It wasn't what I expected at all. Get size and I haven't found one thing wrong with it.

amazing cel.fastnice size, not small like iphone and not too big like S2fast internetthe best cel i ever seen

Less RAM than original phone, 1 GB RAM is much more useful than 768 MB RAM. that said it's a decent Android device and will hold me until I can get a discounted phone under contract.

I bought this for my wife,she love it and very simple to operate.The picture and the video very amazing,along side with Skype.Very beautiful smart phone.It does everything that's all.

is a good phone is working well l hope it last. it work right away when l put my sm card there no problem

i just got this phone yesterday from the seller wireless warehouse usa and i love the phone no glitches its perfecttttttttttttttttttt i deff wil be ordering again but the only problem is the wall charger stopped working after 1 use thoupdate- i i contacted them about the charger and the battery because the battery was stuck on 20% and wouldnt charger they sentme a new charger and battery with no problems very polite i deff wil be ordering from them again 5 stars

This phone does it all  - almost. a great screen large enough to show movies with great definition. the camera and video camera both are great. The programs and applications offered are just amazing. my only wish was for more memory internally. the construction is great. Solidly built. If you don't mind the slightly extra weight then this is for you. On my belt, I dont feel it, but it starts to weigh in while holding it. not that this bothers me too much. My real complaint is the playback audio. Not that great. I would need to play with the settings some more to get what I want. WIth headphones no issues.The programs and responsiveness are good. You don't have to wait forever for applications to load up. In this regard it blows many other phones (BB) out of the water. With this phone that is significantly cheaper I dont feel like I am missing an Apple phone at all. yeah - refuse to call it what its real name is!

It's an ok phone, good features, but freezes quite often. Battery compartment seems not secure. I ordered this from the seller &#34;Phone Max&#34;, and will never purchase anything from them. My phone started freezing up - wouldn't even turn on for factory reset until I take the battery out - after weeks of use, and the seller gave me a new battery assuming that its a battery issue. That didn't fix the problem. When I contacted them again the response was that the warranty time has expired, so no refund is possible. I think this seller is trying to get rid of some defective phones they have cheating people like me. So buyers be aware, it may look bit cheaper than other sellers, but avoid &#34;Phone Max&#34; or you will be repenting later. Terrible service from the seller.Vincents

Good phone for price only really drwaback is the battery do not last enough for smartphone of this days.  You can not ask too much for 130 usd

On the page where they were selling this phone it clearly said &#34;NEW&#34;. When I finally got my phone it arrived in an old and beat up box and the charger was broken. I couldn't get into the Market, and a lot of the other cool applications and tools that this phone is supposed to have for the optimal cell phoning experience. After hours on online forums and on the phone with HTC trying to figure out how to fix the phone they eventually ended up telling me that if a factory reset was allowing me to use the applications and the tools then the phone was defective. Not only was the phone defective but the person that I was messaging about this product was blatantly lying to me about this phone being new. The phone came in an old beat up box, the charger was broken, and there were clear signs on the phones settings that nobody bothered to erase that this phone was used. Not only was the product a big headache but sow as the customer service. What made even more mad was the fact that they don't want to admit that they're selling old refurbished phones as &#34;new&#34;. Screw this phone and screw this company.

After having this phone for just over a month it just stopped working.  The whole screen is blank and it isn't responding to any input.  It was fully charged, so that is not the issue.  Just for the sake of it I tried charging but the little orange light that comes on to indicate that it is charging isn't even lighting.  Other people's reviews suggest this is not an isolated case with this model. I had actually liked the phone until this point.  I am strongly considering returning it.

I purchased my phone from a Best Buy Mobile as an upgrade. Perhaps I simply got a lemon, but I have barely had this phone for a year, and have sent in for repairs twice, waited two weeks without a phone for a battery  replacement, and need to send it in for a third repair. Unfortunately, since the latest issue is a NEW issue, it won't be seen for repairs without $80-$300. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.Issues:Volume control button not workingConstant locking/freezingRandom shutdown/restarts with no promptingVery poor battery life-----After 11 months, battery stopped holding a charge entirelyTouch screen functionality lost, in random undamaged places

YEAH CHECK IT OUT,, COLOURS AND SHADES TO SUIT YOUR FANCY..ANY OCCASSION ANY TIME, THE RIGHT ONE FOR YOU.

I must say I am highly pleased with this phone. The camera is great, and it handles all of my 3d games well.  The only thing that this phone is missing is a front facing camera for video chat but for all the features I got for under $300.00 I couldn't ask for more. The screen is huge and vibrant which was another plus for me and the call quality is pretty good. To sum it up this is an excellent phone at an excellent price.

Got it for my nephew.  Big high quality screen, feels and work great.My nephew love it so no complaints here.

Its actually working, I mean its truly Unlocked GMS phone, I just came from a tour in Asia and this device is working at those countries with their SIM cards.

good phone for the price to buy it in very good physical appearance exceeded my expectations, congrats keep up the good work

Widh the Phone's IOS Could be upgraded. That would have really helped and made the phone modern. The Phone itself doesn't have much built in memory either almost certainly requiring an additional (Purchased Seperately) memory cary

i've never reviewed anything on amazon but I LOVEEEE this phone so i just have too! i've had this phone about two months now.I rant and rave about it to everyone i meet.I asked a random guy once to take a picture of me and my friends,and his friend came to check out what he was doing,after he saw the quality of the picture the friend was like what kind of phone is that?!?! they were both impressed.....the picture quality is AWESOME!!!! then they saw it was an HTC. the touch screen is responsive and doesnt really stick,ive had touchscreens before and because they are so sensitive and once they stop working the phone is useless until you replace the screen, i vowed never to buy one again...but boyyyy am i happy i broke that vow!!!!soo, do it...buy this phone :-Dp.s:i live in the caribbean and i get correct weather info from the phone for my relatively unknown, little country which i think is cool too.lol

I would recommend staying away from this phone. The  biggest reason is that this phone was made solely for ATT and somebody has managed to unlock it. In the process of unlocking the software is messed up and the phone Android system cannon be updated. I am stuck with some 2.2 version where as the world has moved on to 4.3.The touch screen is not that great either and within 6 months it has become very unresponsive.And believe me the phone is very heavy.

I really like this phone.  The screen is excellent.  However when I am on a phone call, my cheek FREQUENTLY hits either the mute or speaker button during a call.  I have  to remember to hold the phone only to my ear, but not let it tough my face.  This is a really annoying problem.  Also, the battery can only make it through about 3/4 of the day before I need to recharge it.  There are a lot of things I love about this phone, but a lot of little things keep me from giving it a better score.  I bought this to using on Walmart's family plan.  I get pretty good service, and I am pleased at the money I am saving buy going with a cheaper cell company.

This cellphone is amazing, but the only problem is that It hasn't front camera, if you want to perform a videocall, you have standup in front of a mirror LOL.

The phone is good considering its price.....the battery is a bit of downside.....the power button is difficult to operate....no front cameraOther than that everything is good so far !!

I love this phone and all the things I can do with it the only downfall is that the phone keeps freezing on me and I can't get an hotspot connection

This is the first smartphone I have ever bought and I've had it for almost a year with it and it still rocks for me!I'm writing this review approximately 9 months after i got the phone because most reviews I read are from the phone when it's new so one doesn't know how long will the phone actually last (at least working properly) but this time I tell you it's still as good as new (except the battery life but that's a common smartphone problem).I live in Venezuela and I wanted a good quality new smartphone so some friends told me that HTC is a good manufacturer but their phones almost never make it to our country. So I decided to buy this one online (unlocked) and see how it goes.I must say this phone has worked wonders with me. I went from the original 2.2 firmware to 2.3 and then 4.0 (upgrading via root) and it has worked for me everytime.It does have the usual smartphone battery issues but that something that happens to every phone so I don't really mind. With internet (WiFi or 3G/4G) enabled it lasts for a day or so, and it takes like an hour or two of charge.The phone is very fast and responsive even though I have never used it for playing games but I have a lot of applications installes and they all run very smoothly.Had no problems with the delivery either so I'm very satisfied overall.I reccomend this to anybody who wants a fast yet not so expensive smartphone.

Pretty affordable and works just fine. Only issue would be the battery life. It doesn't last very long. Besides that, I would recommend this phone

This was my first smartphone I don't regret purchasing it.The only bad things: it takes some time to load (but it's pretty fast afterwards) and it cannot be upgraded to newer versions of Android (at least not without rooting it and all that).

Excellent Phone, only one bad thing: the SO is android 2.3.The good: Memory, Processor, and the widgetsI like it.

It's unlocked,ready to go as soon as u get the item,great deal wrt price.just one point to keep in mind--battery life is not great.

Good phone, big screenI need to put some tape on the sim card cause otherwise doesnt work. but I can use it ere in M&eacute;xico and in -the USA it works good.the battery is not the best but I guess is the case with all the smartphones

Article I rate very good 100% faster, and the serious and responsible supplier, the team is fast and nice, the only detail is the weight is heavy enough rest is excellent I recommend it 100%

nice product i could sayi recommend it for those who want a good android device for a low price

Phone was ordered under "unlocked", but activated under tmobile previous sim and no web, picture mail and phone keeps rebooting and freezing... Refund or exchange anticipated.

I was very pleased with the product/service!  I ordered an HTC phone and it came super fast!  After about a day of using it, i noticed that the the battery was not charging all the way when i would charge it overnight.  When i contacted Recell it!  They were super friendly and helpful - offered me a partial refund so that i could get a new charger.  I am super pleased at the fast delivery and very prompt customer service.  I highly recommend this seller, they know what they are doing

The phone itself is perfectly ok, all as described: new (or at least looks new) and unlocked (works on T-Mobile).I was alarmed by other reviews from people who were sold a used phone (with such signs as activated IMEI, scratches, etc).  So I called HTC immediately after unpacking mine.  HTC said the phone was manufactured in April 2011 (which was ok with me), but that they don't know whether the phone's IMEI was activated and advised me that HTC does not have the history of devices' activation at all, only the carrier (AT&T; in this case) does.  I asked HTC whether the phone was on warranty, they said that to confirm the warranty status I had to fax them an invoice with phone's identification (IMEI or serial number) printed.  Well, neither IMEI or serial number was on the invoice...  and the seller (Planet Mobile) refused to reissue an updated invoice with said information...  However I faxed the invoice to HTC anyway, and in the next phone call to HTC the representative confirmed that the invoice was valid, that the phone did not have history of repairs in their system, and was able to confirm validity of phone's warranty status.

totally satisfied. This unlocked  phone was what I wanted to have. The screen the menu everything is working fine .

I could not be any happier. This phone is great. Maybe I just am one of the lucky ones since my phone works great and others have stated that they had problems with their phones. I started using the wi fi  as soon as it arrived. About using the phone part all you have to do is put your sim card in and it works. The camera and video are great too.  There is nothing cheap about this phone, you can feel the quality. People I know have even offered to buy my phone from me for more money but I am keeping this one and they can buy their own. Dont listen to the negative comments because this phone is really great.

I had this phone for a long time. I love it. It is just perfect size for me. I thought I would need a face camera for video conference work so I upgraded to a HTC oneX. I don't find it much better than my old phone. When a friend asked me to get him a phone I gave the Inspire to him. But when he put his sim card in Africa the device said it is HTC Desire. I think this are the same phone. When using in the US under AT&T it is the Inspire but outside it is Desire. It does not matter. It is a great phone. Get it while you still can. They are going from 125 to 175 depending on condition. Good use one vs brand new/or factory refurburshed.

When i received this phone, I noticed right away that the screen was coming off.  I was poorly refurbished if at all.  In a couple months things have gone wrong.  The Microphone doesn't work and also the GPS cannot find a signal.  I have sent it to a repair service in Texas and they worked on it for 4 days.  They came to the conclusion that the mother board has a defect and i should return it.  This is a problem because it's past 30 Days. I hate bad business practice and this is a perfect example.  At no point was I to believe this phone was refurbished in the first place.

good phone. my first smartphone so its good. Battery can me made better. As of now it does not last long.

I just got this phone 4-5 days ago , I was reading a lot of reviews before I decided to give it a try , everybody who is wondering about the phone - I will tell you only one thing. This phone is Awesome and it came UNLOCKED , I am in love with this phone :)

couldn't use with t mobile...it was previously an ATT unlocked phone

rapido camara de primera pantalla gigante nada que embidiar a iphone de hecho lo considero mejor con relacion a manejo y uso el vendedor super atento

I wanted one of these for a long time....... This thing has just the right size screen for me, not too big , not too small, Hay the video Isn't 1080 but it is 720 looks great ,,,  The camera takes very good pictures, very nice video ....  If you are a review reader you wil find the audio is low (with the app. SOUND BOOST from the Google play store you won't have that problem for long)))....This thing is just as nice as the new phones without the $500.00 to $700.00 price tag............GREAT BUY GREAT PHONE.......

I have had this phone for 5 months, and it is by far the best phone I have ever had. I have owned a very many phones over a period of 17 years. Not only did I fall in love with android, but I fell in love with HTC. I was a little leary about getting a phone I knew nothing about, but I trusted my at&t sales rep and bought it. I have had almost no problems with it. I have way to many pictures and text messages on it and it causes it to freeze up sometimes but not much(which can be expected with so much space taken up). I usually just restart it and it is fine. Every so often I go through and delete things to give it a little bit of a break lol. I have never loved a phone as much as I love this one. I have dropped it on my ceramic tile in my kitchen and bathroom and it didn't even have so much as a scratch on it. I also dropped it on my concrete steps in my garage and again nothing happened to it. I have to say if you are going to get a smart phone (or any phone for that matter) this is the one to get. It has an 8MP camera which is awesome and the color is so vibrant I can hardly stand looking or using anyone else's phone. I have to say this phone has me spoiled. When it comes time to upgrade I will get another HTC phone. Also if you lose your phone you can download an app called android lost from your computer to your phone. It will send you the last messages sent and received, phone calls, take a picture from your phone, send crazy loud "help me I'm lost" messages (the phone can be on silent and it still plays it loud), you can set the phone to lock up and notify you if a different sim card is inserted, and many more great things to find your phone. On top of all those things it gives you a gps location within 7 meters of where your phone is. Trust me it works. My phone was stolen and I used this app and it had an arrow directly on the house where the phone was. All of this is emailed to you and the person with your phone has no idea any of this is going on. Awesome phone I highly recommend it to everyone!!! If I could give it 20 stars I would.

This is not as much a fault of the cellphone as the seller Ross electronics. I bought the cellphone in july 11 2012 and in september it started acting up by not charging corectly. As it was after the 30 day return window with amazon i decided to use my one year warranty via HTC. However when i called them up they said the cellphones IMEI number had been activated as of september 2011. Meaning my Warranty expired in september 2012!!. They basically sold me a one year old USED phone. IT ended up with me returning the phone to amazon in september 3 Months after i purchased it for a full refund. So Amazon really protected me and trusted me with my problem.So buyer beware make sure you contact the seller and verify that the cellphone is new so that you have a solid paper trail, and in case you did end up buying a used phone you can return it without a problem. It also is a very good idea to call the phone manufacturer and make sure the IMEI number is activated when you activate it, so that you know its new!!

Not a good cell phone. Built to last one year I guess. Mine will only text on with the center keys so can not correctly spell words. Do not buy this one! This phone is a rip off[...]

is a Good phone, is Fast and works Greats, only that the battery life is bad, I recommend having an extra battery.

The product is amazing except for the fact that after about 9 months my phones crashed all the time! I have a friend who has the same phone and got the same issue which was really annoying!

Is  the best. I recommend buying. It's great and works properly on 4g . I live in Ecuador androide works on all&iacute; brands

i love my phone it came to me not broken every thing on the phone works well and it is not used it is very new everyone loves my phone so i thank the company for being honest and fast

As the smartphone screens getting bigger, I am having a hard time finding a suitable one for my small hands.  This phone is nothing different from other smartphones out there, and eventually I return it after using it for only four days - nothing exciting to brag about.  I can't even multitask while talking and checking FB.  Just another boring phone.

Excellent phone I loved. Many features, very practical, fast and a lot of positives. liked it, Many features, very practical, fast and a lot of positives. Very good the phone

Defective from the factory, flash on camera and flashlight feature defective..returned for refund and waiting for HTC X1 or Samsung S III to become affordable

By far, the best phone I've ever had. I was a nokia user since decades and I've seen bad reviews about this cell but the need to evolve and get over the old nokis OS and its limitations made me had a change. This cel phone is just awesome. It ain't perfect at all but the combination is just great. The iPhone screen is better but only that, others have more RAM but only that, others have more CPU speed but just that, this one is a bit lower than the tops but has everything put together. high speed, high RAM, the screen looks great, the GPS locks on fast and it's very precise, it's aluminum body makes it hard enough to take some falls and the gorilla display will assure you a safe screen. Battery sucks but, every high end cell phone I've seen drain batteries so.. just accept it and get a few extra batteries with you or a travel charger.

I purchased this phone until it was time for my upgrade. It freezes up quite often as well as shut down. If these issues didn't happen this phone would be perfect.

Ive had the phone for a month and have had no issues. Great battery life and worked perfect with the carrier I switched to. Worth every penny.

I was using a Google G1 that I generally liked but found a bit slow and that rebooted fairly often.  For my birthday I was given some money and told to get a newer phone -- after much searching (the variety of phones available in just staggering), I found the HTC Desire HD (AKA HTC Ace and other names) and am simply blown away at how much faster (and bigger) it is compared to my G1.  The battery seems to last forever (at least compared to my G1) even with the bigger screen and vastly faster processor and vastly greater memory.The one I bought was used but the condition was very accurately described.  The only problem was that it had been unlocked and rooted but not reset.  It took a few hours to discover that resetting it to "factory" condition (not the OS, just the data) was necessary to get WiFi working (everything else worked).I use T-Mobile and the pay-as-you-go SIM card.  I have no data plan other than WiFi (or the $2/day data plan from T-Mobile if I really want mobile data). Thus, my costs (other than the phone) are $0.10/min. (No monthly fee at all.)I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for an Android!
