
The phone had been opened.  3 Screws missing along with wifi connector clip and antenna clip under battery connector miss placed.  Result little wifi connect ability. Hidden damage.

Excelente producto, a pesar de ser usado, esta en muy buenas condiciones tanto est&eacute;ticamente como funcionalmente. El tel&eacute;fono es desbloqueado para todo el mundo.!!

The phone is cool and easy to use. The number of apps is amazing. It is a real personal assistant. My life in full view.

If everything you ship is like this than i will advise everybody to not buy from you. I got this phone and about a day after it started to break. The third day one of the speakers went out, the next the lock button got stuck and no longer works. now the home button barely works, i have to push certain areas for it to even respond. Im pretty sure the rest of this phone is going to fail at some point, thanks for wasting my money

the best service i ever have The phone is look and act like new.If this site have something you need get it very profecional.  Thanks

This was a used item but was in excellent condition.  It was factory unlocked as promised.  Just had to insert a micro sim card and we were up and running with our Tmobile account.  The charger included did not work but we had an extra charger so it wasn't a problem.

The phone was perfect ,,,works excellent looks great not one problem at all,,I will purches another  phone for my son soon ..

The quality of the phone was better than expected, I was skeptical at first if it would be actually unlocked, but so far so good.

Phone was in near perfect shape and it came with accessories. Phone works great. If your looking for a phone I would recommend this place.

excellent product. great conditions. just as described on article. works great with my actual carrier here in my country (venezuela)

I was a little disappointed at the beginning, thinking I was getting a 4S. But when I checked back on the item description, I realized that it was a 4 the whole time- I just didn't read it well.Either way, I have enjoyed the 32gb of space, enabling me to put more music on my phone.I was able to unlock this phone easily with At&t;.

I received the iPhone i order.The problem is that it doesn't works ok, I am having problems when I call someone from it they don't listen to what I say, I already tread to restore it but it steal doesn't work.The biggest problem aim having is, that I leave I Argentina Buenos Aires and when I go to an Apple store in my country they told me that hear in Argentina they don't have service for IPhone.So I bought an IPhone and I am not able to speak with it.

I like the product and the time in receiving it.  Would recommend to my friends and others.  Good to go.

I had attempted to write this once before, but really did not know what to say. I have to say that the seller of this product, was excellent. they said that it would be fast  delivery, and it was, there were only minor cosmetic markings on the face  of the phone but you would have to look really hard to find them. At first I was very skeptical about buying a used phone. I don't think that would be a fear for me now. I would defiantly order from this seller again with no hesitation.they were true with what they advertized. I was new to iPhone so I really did not know much about them. I received the phone and was able to begin operations immediately. I would and have recommended this family, friends, and people on the job.Thanks to Amazon and Ideals,A very satisfied customer  .

The deal sounds amazing but the home button is really hard to press to work. The heat plate and screws aren't on the inside so you will have poor wifi connection.

I like the phone and it is in good condition but when I call someone or someone calls me I cannot hear them. I'm very disappointed because I paid good money for a product I thought was going to work but it wasn't worth the money

I was sold a phone by this seller under the description of &#34;used like new&#34;, the package arrived before the due date which was awesome and appeared to be as described, COSMETICALLY . The next day the charger wasn't working, no big deal chargers are easy to replace. A week to the day I received the product it quit working completely.  I notified the seller immediately!!  He replied within 2 hours, explaining he worked in the week and would get back to me over the weekend with options of how to go about fixing the problem. Which in turn ended up in me sending a second email of which he informed me that he would not give me a refund, and offered $40 maximum... I BARLEY HAD THE PHONE A WEEK!!!!! THE PHONE WAS NOT IN WORKING CONDITIONS, AND I SPENT ALMOST $400 IN THE PRODUCT AND SHIPPING FOR A BROKEN PHONE THAT THE SELLER BELIEVES IS NOW ONLY WORTH $40!!! I AM BEYOND UPSET AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THAT ANYONE MAKE A PURCHASE FROM CAM-O-RAMA WITH OUT HAVING A LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE TO LOOK FOR LOOP HOLES IN THE REFUNDING DEPARTMENT! I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING OFF OF AMAZON KNOWING THAT THERE IS REALLY PEOPLE LIKE THIS OUT HERE!! I read almost all the reviews and ratings before buying from this seller, as well as other sellers before making my purchase. I am now out of $400 dollars, and have a black screened iphone to show for it! THANK YOU CAM-O-RAMA!! FOR NOTHING!&#34;Since I can only provide DOA (dead on arrival) guarantee and because the phone wasdelivered as in described condition (used but fully functional), Iwon't be able to take a full return for it. HOWEVER, I always do thebest I can to help my buyers. I would like to offer you a $40 refund...&#34;

everything as described. no problems at all. like new. even came with a case. . . . . . .

This phone came to me perfect! Little bit of signs of cosmetic wear but hardly noticeable! Great buy! Came unlocked as well.

But I request Iphone 4 32GB and we send me 16GB. but the telephone is 100% new. with all accessories.

Positive items: the wide array of apps.; the speed; the sound; the cameraNegative: the short live of the battery

Purchased I Phone 4 32 GB Factory Unlocked everything was working well the first day! Product came in the mail over to Italy where I am stationed in 5 days! Which is real fast! While I was sleeping Voice Control started to come on and off by itself and not to mention the home button stops working as well! I tried to to restore it but the phone keeps going back to recovery mode!

Worked fine for 6 weeks but now screen is not displaying part of the top most left corner. Still functional, but annoying....

Got the item out by the time it was suppose to be deliver, the saying you pay what you get for applies here. I was looking so hard for a white iphone and couldn't find one at a reasonable price so I went ahead and order the black one new and I got a white one same gbs and all just the color was different and I was very satisfied with the product no bad experience so far.

everything is said it would be. I've had a bad run with used and restored iPhones in the past so I went for this one and it was worth it

I had to pay a service to unlock it. And it really took time to and money to finally fix it

This SELLER stated that he would give me a discount for my troubles. A discount of $10.00?? I spent that much just sending him BACK his defective iPhone. So were is my DISCOUNT?? He must really though I was a fool twice?? I may have to file in a small claims court to get a working iPhone plus a REAL DISCOUNT!!

good afternoon my user is velis33@gmail.com I make a purchase of a 32GB iPhone 4 used the day February 15, 2014, I wonder if I'm already happened with the team why not come ah me anything yet and I waiting time

phone was ordered  on a Saturday was at my door with fedex on Tuesday..... shipping estiment on Amzon automated was 45+days I got in a toatal order to my Door in 4days........  Phone Looked light a brand new phone and by new like I payed 500+ was well worth it.  love the phone all accessories were in box. Live is good!

I ordered for Apple iPhone 4 32GB (factory unlocked)- refurbished. The piece looks good to see. But the home is not functioning. I am totally disappointed with the seller. I dont know what to do now.

Seller promised to send unlocked iPhone and sent AT&T locked phone also the screen was broken when I received it.I had to spend more amount to get the screen fixed and now I am struggling to get the iPhone unlocked.

soon u will be in prison i already contacted general attorney just remember where ever you hide we can always find you ,,  i hope u scared of what your doing i think ur not believing of bad karma just remember bad karma its always back to you

I am not so technologically gifted that I wanted an iPhone 5, so the iPhone 4 was the right ticket.  It seems more intuitive than other smart phones I've played with.  There are lots of pluses and features that I don't even know about yet.  I'm embarrassed small children can manage this phone easier than I, but this is going to get me over the top.  Not if, but "when" I get better at using this phone, I'll get my daughter one.

This iPhone has exceeded my expectations. It is so reliable and I have already recommended it to my friends. The voice and other added features are just incredible

It was what I was looking for in a Phone thanks for the music. I was Happy with the phone.

Seller was very helpful.Product is working very well.a couple of scratches. One is due to the hard cover which was covering the top of the screen

Easy to answer,simple to use compared to other operating systems.  I traded in LG phone and bought my apple on li

After several weeks of use my son said the home button stopped working. I told him to make sure everything was working, but the phone part is working

This iPhone was very affordable and so far it's worked pretty well. I've had a few issues with it though. Issues, like it freezing for about 15 mn shutting down and restarting. Or a slow processor. The phone still works to this day and I've had this issue twice. It's been two weeks since it's happened though! Overall it's been a great phone so far and I am very pleased I got it. Good luck:)

I received my order a couple days ago. To be honest, its not what I hoped. Most of the time when I make or receive a call, I hear nothing on the other end. Sometimes the whole thing just goes black, despite having an adequate amount of battery life on it. I am seriously considering sending this back for a refund. I am quite disappointed.

I got this for my husband fr our anniversary and he absolutely loves it, did have alittle issue with the ring volume but had shut the phone off and turned it back on and it fixed the issue now it's been great.

I bought this used and i was really nervous because it was such a huge purchase. NEXTDAYTECH really took care of me. props to them. the phone is exactly like they described and they gave me a wall adaptor and charger

Excellent phone.I have a month of testing, and it is definitely a good salesman.It totally honest with your sales. I recommend it.And I can use it perfectly in my country.

I got an iphone quickly and in good condition.  It looks and feels like new and I have had no problems with it yet.

The product was shipped very fast and arrived in mint conditions excellent service And every thing was exactly as described

Absoutley wonderful quick service no problems!!!

The phone was new in the box withe manufacturer films, totally unlocked, working perfect. The iPhone is the best phone, no doubts apart that. The shipment was delivered previous to the delivery date, and apart form the phone the seller send me for free, 2 rubber cases, a set of screen protection and a car charger in addition to the wall charger. Everything Perfect!! Thank you!

I bought because It said that It was unlocked but It wasn't. Now I am in my country, Ecuador and It doesn't work so it is not open to use it worldwide.DON'T BELIEVE THIS GUY !

Had a bit of an issue at first. Apparently i had to connect it to itunes before using my new sim. Seller was very responsive. I am very happy with my product..Excellent condition with everything in place. will do business with this seller over and over again.Thumbs up!

The accessories were not original and the phone got damaged a week after I bought it.The customer service was fine though.

The Cell Apple iPhone 4 (Black) 32GB (Factory Unlocked)  Was very good. It was excelent. I give you thanks a lot.

here in guam , works perfect ,not any problems to activated, , able to work with any sms card and any region,  able to download anything , this works fine!! love it

Check out this facebook page that outlines their shady business practices: [...]The 1-star rating is not for the iphone itself - that would be a 5-star. The 1-star rating is for the seller - WIREOVIAI bought this in March 2012, seeing that it was "Factory Unlocked by Apple, Never Opened" and "New In Shrink-Wrap and Original Packaging".Just yesterday, a little over 2 months of having the phone, the speaker stopped working so I bring it into Apple, thinking it would be covered under warranty.The apple employee informs me that the iphone was owned and registered in September 2010 - 17 months before I bought this "new" iphone.Do not buy ANYTHING from this vendor - WIREOVIA - as you cannot trust the authenticity of what they're selling!  What you buy would also not be covered under the manufacturer's warranty if it's older than you think it is. You will just end up with a useless, piece of junk and less several hundred dollars.

Thank you so much for the iphone! It arrived in good condition and I absolutely enjoy getting to know my first ever iphone device :)

I'm paying over 400 for this iPhone which is fine but don't advertise that the phone is excellent condition if the home button is broken and the back glass seems like it was put in unprofessionally. The camera hole in the back is not align with the glass.

very good a excelent service very conditions una manera muy segura para este tipo de mercadeo lo seguire usando desde venezuela

The phone is in excellent condition, all features and functions work very well.  Great amount of memory.  Enjoying it a great deal.

they arived in time in APO adress-Afghanistan its nice to buy used iphones when they are in good care,without problems,working perfect,recived as described

because the iphone is fiddled,,, and has many damaging and this product is not fit for the work he cheatDishonest seller and I have sold my iPhone 4 32 GB and has many malfunction in the device like Sbakr and headsets and order

Works great, I recomend you to buy reburbished. I have been in the industry for years and I bought this Iphone and it's flawless, fast shipping also. Thank you!

I bought this phone NEW, when I opened the box it did not look new at all. I bought this phone and a straight talk sim card, so a few days of Me having this phone I was having an issue sending and receiving picture messages. So I called straight talk and they told Me it was an apple issue. I called Apple and they told Me this phone was not used and belonged to someone in Italy and they had unlocked it and also they noticed the jailbreak which I didn't know about. So they said they couldn't help Me with the issue...So now I am stuck with a phone that can't send out picture messages unless it is another iphone.

Phone is good as expected, missing org box which was not mentioned.and best part its on latest iOS v

No problems, great deal, the iphone was in great conditions and so far so good the iphone is working pretty good. I do really recommend this seller.

I read the review for the seller before I ordered the phone. He was very helpful and understanding. He even went as far as putting addition money out of his pocket to expedite my shipment. I would recommend him for anybody. My wife is extremely pleased with the phone....no issue whatsoever. Thank you.

I am incredibly anti apple do to there over pricing of all products and withholding technology so that later models can include these &#34;new&#34; enhancements. however when it comes to battery life and a clean interface iphones are quite good, and thanks to OS 6 blue tooth can now be used on apple products. if you have a different carrier buy a factory unlocked phone to avoid issues and don't bother spending the extra 100+ on a slightly newer product, this one works fine

The iphone broke the first day i used it. nothing of the phone was apple original.The iphone was in really bad conditions

best purchase I have ever made. the phone came in great condition, maybe a couple of little scratches but that was mentioned in the details box. I love my iphone and have never had a problem with it

It is an apple iPhone 4 what to say more.

Good Iphone I have no comments for the product, may be I had check for another one for me but Iphone five unlocked.

As all Apple products, it's my number one choice.  It's very convenient, easy to use, and works great.  It has everything I need in a phone, a personal planner device, entertainment, and anything else you can think of, it's got it all.

All good pretty fast shipping. Signature is required be aware! I didn't know this! I was able to intercept talking to the postmaster. But that's a case by case deal, you may not be able to do that.As the phone goes perfect no complaints at all. Memory was wiped, old non functioning sim in, but was a plus as I used it to cut my normal sim to size. Normal full case wear. No major scratches. If any small I didn't pay any attention as this phone is for work but I don't notice any day to day so I would so none or minimal. Came with aftermarket charger that was a multi charger, another plus! The down side of that it is not compatible with data exchange. And it had the OEM wall charger. Perfect!Didn't expect less or more!

Apple makes an excellent product, so I have no complaints about the phone itself. However, it came with no accessories: not even a charger?!? That was disappointing.

I purchased this iPhone because the seller said it was unlocked. Once I received it I found out it was not unlocked. I reached out to Hillside Deals twice to see what they could do about this problem. I was hoping they would still be able to unlock the phone. I did not receive any response from the seller.Amazon worked very quickly in refunding the money I paid but my issue is not completely solved because I am still without an unlocked iPhone. I live in Haiti so the process of finding, purchasing, shipping and receiving is very long. Now I have to do it all over again. Thank you Amazon for your help but I will not be purchasing anything through Hillside Deals again.

When I received this iphone 4 it was in great condition, but it somehow slipped through the cracks and the unlock and updated os was not completed. I found this out when I tried to have a prepaid service turned on and shelled out $60 for a chip that was nonrefundable. I was furious, I expected the worst to try and resolve this issue, but when I emailed him on Friday night about 6 pm western time he responded within 20 minutes. He apologized profusely and talked me through how to finish the unlock and update til 11:30. then when I installed my new chip it works fine and has been fine ever since I would definitely recommend and buy from this seller again. Things happen and he stood behind his product well past regular business hours.

I bought an annouced factory unlocked phone and I received a locked one. I won't trust anymore on the provider.

Retina display is amazing, 5-megapixel iSight camera produces excellent images, phone is very easy to use. Excellent battery life, excellent product build quality, ipod dock integration, car integration always great features to have.

The phone looked good when I opened it but once I started using it I felt that some part of the touch screen is not recognizing the taps. I tried several tests to ensure the problem and finally I went to apple website and follow the resolution but for no improvement. But when I tried to enter the serial no and seek help from Apple specialists system denied saying 'Service coverage expired' where as I am supposed to get 1 yr warranty as per the seller commitment.I looks like although this is claimed as New, it is a replaced/refurbished phone. I felt very sad and need to return it.

I am so pleased with this purchase! Phone is in excellent condition as described and shipping was fast! This was one of the best purchases i've made and I'm so glad it was with bestDeals!! Thank you so much....absolutely no regrets and I will continue to buy merchandise from them!

I would have given it less than one star, but that isn't an option.  I ordered this unlocked iphone and was so excited.  Then a week goes by and I still don't have my phone.  I check my Amazon account and it tells me the phone has already been delivered.  IT WASN'T.  I had to contact Amazon (they were great by the way) for a refund, which was issued before we even finished up on the online chat.DON'T USE THESE PEOPLE.

I received the IPhone 4 and found that the microphone does not work; I spent a lot of money for a paperweight.  I want my money back.

Pros:Works smoothly with 99% apps.(Surprisingly Subway Surfer lags sometimes while Temple Run 2 works flawlessly. Maybe some coding problem)High pixel density makes the watching movies and reading books a joy.No bloatware unlike most Android phones.Camera works great in well-lit conditions.Touch is really smooth.Build quality is amazing and phone feels premium in one's hand.Battery lasts over a day with moderate usage (1/2 hour calling, 1 hour gaming, 1 hour video)Cons:Can't share files over bluetooth.Price/Screen size ratio is much larger compared to Android phones.Slightly heavy.

The phone itself was great.  Until it broke (buttons stopped working) after 3 months. Then I discovered that it was out of warranty, because it was NOT new as stated.This was a "Fulfillment by Amazon" seller.  It doesn't matter. They are no better than every other seller out there lying about their merchandise.  And all Amazon can do is issue a refund.

I received yesterday, when I installed the simm (wich is working on other unlocked iphone 4 32gb), I realized that it is not unlocked, because the simm is invalid. I need as urgent to solve this problem. Please help me !!!!!

When I got the package everything looked all right, but appearances can be deceiving. The USB connector would not accept any cable, just the one shipped inside. This is weird, but I could live with that glitch. Then, 2 weeks later, I noticed that all pictures taken with the front camera got blured and the 5M Pixels back camera had some issues in focusing the image.After 2 months using, I figured some extra bad surprises. The front speaker just went dead 3 days ago, the phone wont ring or produce any sound anymore!!!! Also, there is something wrong with the earphone jack as well, because during song playing we can hear "pops" and sudden pauses, just like in vynil players. Moreover, the "Face Proximity Sensor" never worked, but I didnt even know it exists, so I could not find out sooner.I took it to an Apple authorized Repair Shop, and to my surprise I was informed that identified that the iPhone was refurbished with a lot of low quality spare parts, including the cameras (back and front ones), and even the front touch screen glass!!I have no doubt that the phone was not "Very good" as advertised. Not at all!! I payed a good money for it, and will cost me a lot of extra money to repair it, which is not acceptable.

Very Amazing Phone. I can't believe the phone was 32GB and Factory Unlicked and I paid less than a Brand New locked 8Gb phone. This is a much better deal and I returned the new iPhone I ordered previously, Thank You Very Much For This Amazing Deal I Love Amazon And Bayshine Inc.!!! :D heck ya!

The phone screen broke and took it to a repair shop.  There I was told that the screen had been replaced before.I bought the phone for new and got a used one.Avoid Cali Wholesale

Very good phone and well maintained. Except for one issue i.e. back button  was not quickly responding other things were near perfect.

Offers a wide variety of apps while providing the services of a phone and mp3 player. Sounds good to me! On the downside, I don't know if it's just my particular phone or even the service, but It can be very buggy at times.

I like it very much because it is user friendly and I like taking lots of pictures of my family and friends.

Looks great and is easy to use and update the software, but you have to be careful how you hold it or you attenuate the antenna and don't get much signal.

This phone broke after 5 weeks the microphone quit working and I needed a working phone that day, I had to bring it to Apple, they gave me a new phone for $150, so add this to the $300 I paid for this phone  so I got a brand new factory unlocked 32 GB iPhone 4 for $450 which is ok.

Been using this phone for like six months now. Best cell buy I've made in years. I have watched its price on Amazon and the price keeps going up from when I made my purchase... If it goes back down I may consider purchasing an extra on one day

Phone came in perfect condition, also came unlocked as promised(I'm writing this straight from the iPhone on straight talk)  very satisfied.

This phone is a total piece of crap! When I got it, the home button and one of the speakers didn't work. I've dropped another $100 fixing it. Too overpriced for the condition it was in. Never again will I buy from this seller.

I bought and received in perfect conditions here in Brazil.It works very well and 32GB is a fantastic size to put pictures and songs...

This phone is working great right out of the box.  All I had to do is pop in a SIM card and I was off and running.  I ordered for Universal Cell Services.  I recommend them.

The main reason I did not like this product is that from the time it arrived it did not work properly.  The docking charging slot was misaligned as were the screws holding it in place.  I damaged 2 charging cables trying to use it.  When I could finally take it to mu apple dealer he looked up the serial and discovered that it was in reality a used phone purchased over a year before whose warranty was expired.  amazon stood by its warranty and refunded me but it was a hassle for me because I live outside the usa and am now trying to get a replacement for my phone.  I will never knowingly buy from these folks again

I bought this phone for my Daughter and she is loving it. It was delivered quickly and the condition of the phone was just as was stated. She was able to turn it on and use it right away with absolutely no problems. I would highly recommend purchasing from this seller. He was honest about the product and even added a person thanks in our receipt and was available to us if there was a problem.

The phone itself is in good condition and works well. It does, however, have 3 small scratches on the screen that are highly visible. They did not emphasize this in the description. They also said they'd send a USB charger, which they did, but it is old, gross, and the inside wires are exposed and taped together. Totally unacceptable. I bought another iPhone 4 from a different seller and it was exactly as it was described. Needless to say, I was very happy with the other seller. Maybe this seller can learn to do more honest business like them.

Iphone that I bought is broken ( the round button in the middle) and locked. - I read in my order - Factory unlocked - and I don't understand.

Parab&eacute;ns!para o loja que vendeu o Apple iphone 4 32GB...esse aparelho &eacute; tudo de bom nos momentos atuais...ele resolve tudo e ti deixa perto dos familiares e amigos...tem coisa melhor?? Se tem nao conheo mi apresente.Apple estar de PARAB&Egrave;NS!!Hoje com o meu apple iphone4 sou a pessoa mais feliz..OBRIGADA.

Apple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - VerizonI feel really stupid.  I should have read  all the reviews about Wireovia.  Like so many others the home button is locked and the only way I can move from app to app is to turn the phone off and on.  I am surprised that Amazon is still allowing them to sell on their site.

Works great! Love it! Can't get enough of it! Make me wanna slap my mamma with it! It's so good!

I sent back the iPHONE 4 one month ago because it does not respond when you push the bottom button to cancel or go back some of the time. I haven't received refund yet. What's going on? Please issue refund as soon as possible. Thank you.

Decided to upgrade my phone and found this phone available.  Works fine and arrived without a problem.  Price was acceptable and thee were no issues in the purchase or delivery of the phone.

this is used and is in great condition, came with earphone and wall charger and cord. now its the test of putting the sim (micro) {didnt check it would be a problem}in and seeing that it works great. there are very minor scratches on the side but it can be covered by a case.
