
I have had my Inspire for about a month and a half and I love it. Yes the Battery is a bit weak but this is a lot of phone and you kind of have to pick and chose what you want running on it unless you want it to be on the charger all the time. Just got the update to Gingerbread and it's running better than ever with a slightly better battery life. Still waiting for someone to make an extended battery for it but it is better than my origional iPhone or my iPhone 3G was. It's fast, Has a nice screen and does everything I want it to do.

Decent phone and love most of the features.  I switched from Iphone 3Gs about a week ago and below are my observations.The Good: The phone is fast, responsive and plenty of apps out there in the android marketplace (and soon the amazon market for AT&T;, i guess).The Bad: The phone interface sucks and doesn't come close to what I was used to with the Iphone.  I hope the newer revisions of android comes with a better interface.For listening to music, I was so used to the itunes playlist feature and the phone doesn't provide something comparable out of the box, but the Songbird app seems to fill in the void (I'm sure there are other apps out there that provides the same feature/functionality).The battery life is a joke.  I'm not watching videos or doing anything extensive that would drain the battery; my typical day involves using the phone for about 5-10 minutes and using the internet for about 15-30 minutes and still the battery drains before the end of the day.  I tried using an app to kill the running apps, turning off bluetooth and wifi, but the issue is still around.  This was never a problem with the Iphone.The signal strength seems to be the next problem.  When I'm at home, I'm not receiving the calls sometimes.  There is no indication on the phone to say there is no signal, but my friends get the voicemail directly without any rings.The call quality is good when i make the calls and I'm not sure why the phone does not ring sometimes when my friends call me.The last two issues are a deal breaker for me and most likely i'm returning the phone this weekend.

The battery life is just pathetic. I had to have a charger constantly on me to get through the day. The phone froze up constantly, making me have to remove the battery and insert it again in order to make it boot up again. On one occasion when it booted, it had done a factory reset, deleting all my apps and information. Also, after that reset, I never was able to load Google Play again, leaving me with the old android market app. I have three acquaintences with the same phone; two of which are just as unsatisfied (so 75% of the people I know, including myself, are totally regretting having made the purchase). I am not giving up on android phones, but any one who asks me, I would insist they do not get any HTC phone whatsoever. You should go with a Samsung or a Motorola instead (or an iPhone if you're an iOS fan).

I had an Inspire for about 10 days before I broke down and decided to return it. Screen is beautiful, although the glass seems to give a lot of glare. 8 megapixel camera takes great (although in some circumstances slightly high contrast) pictures overall, I tried some night shots and was fairly impressed. Sense 2.0 is... well it's Sense, if you like the htc interface you'll probably be happy with it. I'm not a big fan of htc's full page widgets, but I was able to switch to Android widgets instead fairly easily. The absolute killer for me was the battery life. With moderate use I felt like I needed to put it on the charger at every opportunity; I thought it might have been a bad battery but a little research showed htc put a tiny 1230 mAh battery in it, and that battery life concerns were a pretty common complaint for it and it's European namesake, the Desire HD. Charging twice a day or so seems to be about normal. Some things I tried did seem to help the battery situation, but I can't recommend the Inspire to anyone unless they are a very light user, or don't mind being tethered.

The Inspire is a good phone especially for the price. HTC's Sense that is running on android is very good but I prefer to have stock android. If you want a true Google Android experience I recommend picking up the Nexus S now that it is available for AT&T. If you want Sense then this is really the only way to go on AT&T. I enjoy this phone but have had a couple issues with the screen not being responsive and with it locking up on me. But for the price, its hard to beat.

I recently purchased the Inspire 4G - and its a beauty to behold. This is a powerful phone with great pre-loaded applications. The phone itself is extremely lightweight and feels robust at the same time.The massive 4.3 inch screen satisfies and it has excellent outer covering aesthetics.The phone gives support for replacing batteries (just pop open a removal hatch at the back, replace your batter and you're good to go!). This is a huge step up from the stuck-with-one-battery with the iphone.However, there are a few annoyances that stop from giving a terrific rating.The single biggest issue is with the battery. The battery performance is quite poor - forcing you to recharge every other day. I use the phone leniently - yet the battery discharges extremely quickly - even with bluetooth, GPS , Wifi switched off!!Another difficulty I faced is with finding appropriate accessories!! The biggest problem is finding a carrying belt pouch - that conforms to the phone design. If you're like me- and like to keep the phone protected by covering it with a silica gel or plastic covering - good luck in trying to find a suitable belt case that will accommodate the casing!! Iphone cases and pouches have no issues accommodating "covered" iphones!!Another troubling thing is - none of the cases I see have a slot for the earphone jack. The only option is for you to find a belt pouch that has an open top so you can insert the phone upside down just to get access to the jack!!!Other than these few gripes - the phone itself is a marvel!!!

this phone is great, it has massive screen real estate, with a 4.3inch SLCD that delivers a wonderful experience for movies and gamingits extremely quick and responsive and handles playstation/n64 games without any lag whatsoever, even with music playing in the backgroundthe speaker is moderately loud but it comes with dolby virtual surround sound which is great for good headphones or speakersthe only downside is that its branded at a "4g" phone but there is almost NO 4g coverage for it whatsoeverunlike other 4g devices this phone says "h+" at the top (for hspa+) because the phone assumes that AT&T;'s 4g network and backhauling is complete....it isntive run hundreds of speedtests all over my city (jacksonville FL, which on at&t;'s map is entirely covered by 4g) and i can barely clock over 3.2mbps, which is roughly what my galaxy s captivate got and its a 3G deviceif you are looking for a sturdy reliable phone, this is a good choice, if you are looking for a full 4G experience? go elsewhere because at&t; is just not ready yet

I have had the HTC Inspire 4G for one day and hands down Smokes the Iphone. I jailbroke the phone in about 2 mineutes now on T-Mobile 50 dollar unlimiuted talk and data. AT&T are outright THEIVES they sell data like it was an extinct natural resourse. But back to the HTC vs Iphone Ill just list it off Flash, Hotspot, Teathering(no extra carge) Bluetooth sync,Faster Processer Dolby,HD 8mp cam& camcorder and the list goes on My only concern the operating platform is not  time tested and nor as evolved as Apple or until its worldwide crumble Blackberry.

If you are changing from an Iphone (DONT)this phone is not easy to use and when trying to return it to amazonwireless.com (that was a joke) they refer to policy policy policy- I will not order anything else from this site.  They do not provide good customer service. You are better off paying the extra $20 to your carrier for your upgrade.#1 The phone worked ok the first week which in my case was over 30 days but afterwards it's not a reliable device.#2 phone has terrible battery life on a basic usage it only lasts about 5-6 hrs.the phone gets no reception and as I browsed through various ATT sites#3calls drop all the time and I can't get online at all but i seem to go over my internet usages.One good this is that the maps work great-When buying your phone think about how it'll work out 6 months from now before you get into a 2 year contract you can't get out of. I have been with ATT for over 20 years so teh contract is not a big deal but being stuck with a phone you don't like is and I don't think we should have to pay 500 to get the phone we want because the phone they sent is not good.We received the phone at our house while on a long vacation and when we tried to return it it had been a little over 30 days and guess what?  Yep (stuck with it)

I've had the Inspire for a couple months. Upgraded from an iphone 3gs.Pros- So snappy that I can barely stand using my old iphone as an ipod now.- NO itunes. I'm a PC user and itunes on the PC is just awful.- Screen's huge! It feels awkward big for a couple days, but you get used to it and then everything else feels dinky. The Inspire's got some heft, which I also grew to like- If you happen to like desktop computers more than the locked down interfaces you get one most phones, consoles and appliances, Android is just wonderful. With Desktop Visualizer you can do pretty much anything with your desktop that you can dream up. No more pages of candy icons.- I'm pretty happy with the camera.- The browser is niceCons- The big screen looks awful in direct sunlight. Side-by-side comparison with an iphone and there's no contest.- Battery life's not exactly impressive, but not a hassle by any means.- The plastic door to the battery is disturbingly flimsy, which makes me feel crankier about the battery.- The NPR app blows compared to the iphone equivalent- It's a little weird that Android phones need an app killer, though I don't really mind this.- App store even sloppier and full of more useless crud than Apple's. This is strange to me because you'd think that a platform associated with Google would be ... um... easy to search and well organized.

I got this phone back in August so I have had some months to use it. Overall it is a great phone especially for how much you can get it for. It might not be a dual core phone but it is still nice a snappy. Some good things about it are that it has a nice large screen which I really like, It has a great camera (8mp and 720p video recording), great software (Android 2.3.3) and HTC's interface. Some negative things to consider when buying this is that the camera sticks out in the back so if you set it down it will wobble, the battery door is somewhat of a challenge to pry off. It is a single core phone which can make some things slow, no front facing camera, and it is a little chunky (not too big though).

Bought two HTC Inspire 4Gs for me and my assistant.  Within 1 day, they both started saying "No Sim Card." Only way to clear is to remove battery, let sit and reinsert.  Need to do this 3-4 times a day.After 2 weeks, started crashing - went to black screen - no response on any button or on/off switch.  Again, only cure is to remove battery.  Happens about once a day, sometimes more.Battery life is horrible - doesn't make it through a work day.Researching alternatives now.Switched my old blackberry out for this POS.  Now researching AGAIN and hoping to find honest reviews of other smartphones.  Will never buy another HTC anything!

great android phone, everything works excellent - no draw backs, slowdowns or freezing up.the only thing that bothers me is that it is on heavy/bulky side - but that's what makes that screen big and crisp.my battery life is ok.

Loved the phone, but it ate data!!!!!! Yes I was using a wifi connection, but the phone was just not seeing it. Took it into the AT&T store and they had no idea what to do. So I have sent it back. Really loved the big screen.

I gave up my IPhone 4 for this phone.  I love the Iphone but to put it plainly, I got tired of it, you know, bored.  So I went to AT&T and got the HTC Inpsire.  I must say that I am sooooo pleased with this phone.  It is so fast and responsive; I love all of the customerzations you can perform.  It is such a snappy phone.  It does everything the Iphone does, (except the front facing camera which means nothing to me), and more.  It has a ton of apps, and I know this may sound corny but, I always liked the HTC home screen with the date, time, and weather on it.  I love that.  So in a nutshell, I am really happy with my choice, it's refreshing.  I may return to the Iphone sometime in the future, but as for now, I am a HTC fan.

I got an Inspire and after 2 weeks had trouble hearing on it or people hearing me.  Garbled, and could hear every other word only.  Sounded like people where on a tractor and they said they were in their office.  They worked with it 5 times and finally said it was defective on the speaker.  They sent me another Inspire 4G refurbished as that is what ATT warranty does.  Thought these phones were too new to be refurbished??  Now I have this one and it has been to the ATT store 3 times and checked and same problem, but ATT (warranty dept -) will do nothing.. I paid good money for this and like it for text or email, but what good is it if you cannot talk on it all the time, sometimes you can but mostly no.I would say stay away from this phone until they fix the sound problems in speaking on it.. Two other people were in the ATT office and they had the same problem and returning theirs.. now I don't know what to get. ATT says Motorola Aria but it has bad reviews also., they won't replace mine with another type pone just the same one, so it would be as bad...I don't have a home phone - so this makes it bad not be able to talk and get constatnly cut off and broken up no matter where I am... it happened in the ATT Store at Rockwall Texas.  So I have Magic Jack on my computer to use to talk if I am home - otherwise leave a message.

This is an absoloue great phone my mom has this and she had it for 2 years with no problem but it kinda fluzzy on speaker.. it a good phone to download apps and everything. And the battery life is good !! If you charge it at night till the morning . !! Buy it !!

After realizing I was due for an upgrade, I read the reviews about this phone and decided to go shopping. I started at the AT&T; store so I could actually try a functional phone. It looked and felt great. This phone is loaded with apps and has lots of options. I decided that this would be my next phone, but not from AT&T; for $100.00. I eventually found it at Costco for $19.99...SOLD!!! I was even able to grandfather in my unlimited data plan.I initially had the same "short battery life" experience that some complained about, but after doing some research and downloading a battery tender app I have greatly extended the battery life. I'm still learning about this phone and enjoying everything I discover about it.Anyone who has this phone should go to this forum to discover answers to any questions or problems: [...]. It has lots of good info about this phone that makes it an even better experience. The App Market is full of lots of free and paid apps to do just about anything you can think of. I haven't found anything about this phone that I don't like so far.

2 weeks into use, I've got to say I'm very satisfied. This is a powerful phone for only $50-$100 at various retailers.What's nice:- Solid, high quality feel (and I actually like the fact that it has some weight).- Beautiful U.I. with the most recent HTC Sense update.- Maps is pre-cached, helps with navigation and in areas with bad reception (welcome to at&t;!).- Great hardware, I have not had any issues with lag or freezing. Pulse is the only app I've had to force-quit (twice).My advice to get the most out of this device:- Upgrade your data plan to $25/month for 2GB. I went through 140MB on the first day (downloading apps, customizing, and setting up the device).- If you are having difficulty opening the battery door, get your fingernail right underneath the edge of the battery cover near the bottom of the volume rocker and pull away from device like you are trying to break it off (It pops-off rather than slide-off like the SD/SIM card cover). After the second time opening the battery door, it comes off pretty easily.- If you're having "unsuccessful installations" of apps from the app market, a workaround is to go to settings>SD & phone storage > Unmount SD card. Then go back to the market and the app(s) should install. Go back to the same settings window to mount your SD card again.- Download "Rockplayer Lite" for video playback - It plays nearly all formats (and the stock video player has issues playing back large and .avi files).- Download "doubletwist" on your Mac or PC to sync your iTunes, photos, and videos (I have a Mac and have no issues syncing).- Buy an extra, generic battery from eBay (I got one for only $3.37 and is "rated at 1600mAh". After using, it lasts about as long as the stock battery).- Buy a Skinomi screen protector for $10 on Amazon. For touch-screens, it feels less intrusive than Zagg's Invisible-shields and offers the same protection.- If you are looking for a case, you can find many options if you search Amazon and eBay for "HTC Desire HD Case" (the original, international model of this phone).Notes:- I usually get a full day's worth of charge on the battery with moderate use (I charge in the evenings, not overnight).- The large screen makes typing on the on-screen keyboard great (I've owned 2 blackberry curves for 4 years prior to this device and was hesitant to try a phone without a physical keyboard).- Using contacts/mail/talk/reader/voice from Google really helps this device shine in terms of functionality and ease of use.- I didn't buy this phone expecting great "4G speeds" from at&t;'s HSPA+ network, and after using it, I haven't noticed any difference from 3G phones (go figure...).***Update:***Almost 2 months with the phone and still very happy with the device. I've had the chance to (unsuccessfully) root my phone and (successfully) sideload apps.Here's few more things to get the most out of your device:- Check Gizmodo for "The Best Apps" (updated every month)- There are guides to install sideloaded apps (workaround AT&T;'s block, to install .apk files), apps from the Amazon App Store, and Swype - all are available on Android Central forums. Very easy to search for.- Everything you need to root can be found just by searching for "Inspire 4G" on the xda-developers site.Items of note:- Save your battery: turn off auto-sync and limit the amount of widgets you use on your home screens.- With auto-sync on hourly intervals and heavy messaging/internet browsing, I went through 480Mb without wifi over 1 week.

Converting to the Android from the iPhone was a smart decision. This phone has many features which suits most of my business needs which I am pleased.

I absolutely love this phone.Pros:-Calls are clear. I often make calls outside and when it was windy, callers couldn't hear me on my old phone; this one has no problems and I can be heard as if I'm in a quiet room.-Tethering. Easy to do, uses wi-fi.-Apps easy to download.-Big clock that easily shows on stand-by.-Difficult to unlock in a case/pocket.-Very bright flashlight.-Customization easy.-Internet is fast almost anywhere.In the Middle:-I tried to download every app that was on my iPod Touch on this phone and found 80% of them in the Android market.Cons:-A little heavy.-Gets warm, but not so warm it shuts off.-Takes about 45-60 secs. to turn off and another 2-3 minutes to turn on.-If tethering, sucks down the battery life really quick.-4 GB data limits. Easy to go over if you don't have any other internet source, I easily use 1 GB or more a week.-Answering calls requires you to swipe a finger, similar to the iPhone/iPod Touch. I would prefer a button.-Requires a little more signal strength than other devices. I previously got great service in my basement but now must be by the window or upstairs.Worth the investment and 2 year contract. As a computer science major I highly recommend this phone.

I had an I phone 4, but sadly it went through the wash.  This was a real bummer, but I thought to replace it with the HTC Inspire.  I am so disappointed.  The battery life is very short, most days it can't last through the morning with out recharging.

I absolutely love this phone! Although this is my first Smart Phone and have nothing to compare it to, I know I made the right choice. This phone does everything I thought it would and more. After using the tutorial, I found everything I needed.The phone is large, but not too big or heavy. The screen is clear and colors are brilliant. The camera takes great pictures and internet browsing is fast, even if you live in a rural area, like me.Yes, battery life is questionable, but I bought a car charger and an extra battery...problem solved. And as far as the difficulty with the battery cover, simply use a rubber jar opener to slide the cover off easier.There are so many apps that come with the phone and tons more that are available for free. I especially like that it came with Adobe Flash. I can also use Firefox as my Internet Browser. I'm not stuck with Safari! I highly recommend this phone. 5 stars!

I don't understand why everyone is complaining about the battery life. Its a smart phone and much like a laptop, you need to manage your power settings. I also keep a car adapter on my car, so I charge it almost every so often. Other than that, the phone is absolutely great. Before I bought this phone, I thought the images of the back of the phone were some cheap rubber, but it is designed for the feel of the hand. The rubber is located where the battery and sim cards. Also this camera is great. 8MP and the color is pretty good. you can tap to auto focus on a desired target and the large screen makes it easier to view and click. In all 5 out of 5.

i been an htc user ever since 8125 came out. i got the 8125 2 years after it came out and it lasted me 5 years or more. what can i say its my fault that i broke that phone. but i couldve kept it alive if i were to take better care of it. now this phone THE HTC INSPIRE. just like bruno mars song just the way you are. INSPIRE IS AMAZING JUST THE WAY IT IS. I call this the iPhone killer simply coz i hate iphones every since then. the iPhone4 was ok but not too thrilled about it. i had the htc tilt 2 on sight until i found this phone for a good price. instead of buying the tilt 2 which is more for business ppl i was like, i dont need that this fits me and its HTC the best smartphone pda cellphone maker out there.pro's: everything from features to camera to apps and all that other good stuff.con's: battery life is ok but not the best. No front camera as ppl complain. wifi sometimes kinda short ranged.

My background: have used Blackberries for as long as I can remember, use the phone mostly to keep in touch with work email, occasional web surfinglThe good:- screen size noticeable bigger than IPhone, though not as sharp looking- I love the Android OS and the availability of apps on the Android market. Took a little bit of getting usedThe bad:- phone comes with bloatware which can't be uninstalled unless you root the phone- the battery is severely undersized. I would recharge my blackberry every 2-3 days, with this guy an overnight recharge is a must. Note that the OS provides an app that tracks battery use statistics by app, the screen itself uses 60% of energy (no wonder given its size). By comparison, the next big user was way down at 14%. By decreasing screen luminosity I could reduce battery usage on screen to 40%, but the phone becomes unusable under sunlight - you can't see what's on the screen.The ugly:- email synch is a constant, though low-grade nuisance. if you consider this phone and plan to connect to a Microsoft Outlook server search the web for "protocol synch error" or "socket error". There is a bug somewhere that makes sync break down every few days. workarounds: delete your email setup and recreate it, OR set up the phone to just synch 1 day worth of emails (so you can't keep older emails around for a longer time). Blackberries never had such problems. None of the companies involved (Microsoft, HTC, AT&T;) admits fault on their side, and nothing is changing. Shame! if not for this matter, I would give the phone 4-4.5 starsTips:- don't bother installing "app killers" in a misguided effort to save energy. Android does a good job of managing applications when they are not used. Coming from the world of BBs, where all apps have either a "Exit" or "close" menu item, this was very non-intuitive for me.- take the 1GB plan, you will need it unless you put up with managing connectivity. With my old Blackberry I never exceeded 140 MB/month, though I didn't focus on keeping usage low. With this guy, I didn't change my usage but it would burn through 20mb daily if I let it. I keep the phone on wifi at home and work, and disable internet through the AT&T; network . a hassle!>>> Update Nov 2011. 4 months later, I am definitely happy with this phone. Tips & thoughts:- Make use of any wifi you have at home and work. With this I keep usage around 140MB/month, below AT&T;'s lowest threshold- Battery needs to be recharged every night, it stays green through the day- The email problem seems to have been fixed by some updates.

Although I did not but this one through Amazon (special deal through my employer at AT&T; store), I felt compelled to review this phone as I am an avid Amazon shopper. I bought this for myself, giving my Samsung Captivate to my wife. WOW, what an improvement!First, although I love the Samsung, I do not like their customer service. They made promises that they still won't keep. But that is for another time.This HTC Inspire runs on the Android 2.2 operatind system. It is blazing fast in many areas, such as starting up (ready to use in 15 seconds), opening programs and switching between programs. The camera takes very good pictures and has a flash (the Samsung did not). This phone has a very large and clear display that is extremely responsive. The HTC sense makes this a pleasure to use.This phone also seems less "crippled" by AT&T; then my previous phone. All in all I really enjoy this phone.My only negative is that it is so responsive that it is easy to accidentally hit the "buttons" on the bottom panel and activate the menu, applications list, etc.Also, in reading a prior review, I don't think this phone deserves a 2 star rating. Don't penalize HTC and an excellent phone due to issues with AT&T.; I personally don't have any issues with AT&T; as they have treated me well and the service in my area is very good.In summary, this is a great phone at a great price. Amazon has the best price anywhere for this one, so add it to your cart! You won't be sorry.

I don't write many reviews for products that I buy, but this product deserves some recognition.  In a few words: It is amazing.  I love many things about this phone that I may have to list the pros and cons...I think I will actually do just that:ProsLarge screenThe screen, measured diagonally, is about 4.3".  This is very large.  If you are used to a smaller screen like on the iPhone, get ready for some adaptation to this phone.  The screen's size makes it easier to see things like text, pictures, etc.  The only bad thing about this screen is that when you compare it to the iPhone 4, you can tell that the Inspire does not have a "Retina Display" as Apple calls it.  In other words, you can more easily see pixels displayed on the Inspire than you can on the iPhone 4.  Although, don't get me wrong.  The Inspire's screen is very nice and sharp with good brightness settings overall, it just isn't as sharp as the iPhone 4's screen.  Also, the outer screen is made of a Gorilla Glass, which is much stronger than the glass on other lesser quality phones.Flashy and Fun OSAndroid 2.2 (otherwise known as Froyo), is a very nice OS.  I like all of the small graphical details that were put into this OS's design.  Things like rain drops falling on your screen to rays of light surrounding a sun show for the various weather updates.  Mind you, I am completely new to Androids in general, I am not always the easiest to please when it comes to technology.  I also like how you have 7 screens to put widgets, apps, etc. on for fast access.SleekI have to say that it is quite sleek.  The phone looks like what it is worth, maybe even more.  From the metal uni-body backing to the large screen, it is a very attractive phone overall that will make others around you envious.Snappy Processor(Pun intended)The Snapdragon 1Ghz processor in this thing is pretty fast.  Moving from app to app is very quick.  You can listen to music and do something else on the phone simultaneously with no problems at all.  I have yet to try out some graphic intensive games on this phone but I'm sure it at least matches that of the iPhone 4.  Also, web pages seem to load much faster than on previous devices that I have used.Flash Support!This is one of the biggest things for me coming from an iPhone 4.  With this phone, I can finally browse the internet and view/interact with flash-based embedded videos or programs.  For example, if you go to a news website and want to see the news in video form, you can't do it on the iPhone 4 because it doesn't have flash support built into Safari.  On the Inspire, you can view all that stuff and more.  Mind you, when you load a web page with several flash videos embedded, scrolling may get choppy but not too bad.  It's to be expected since this is not running a 4 Ghz OC Core i7 or anything like that...Touch-Sensitive Fast Access ButtonsThe 4 "buttons" located at the bottom of the phone are very nice.  After being use to the physical button on the iPhone 4, these are much nicer in my opinion.  There's no need to press hard on the at all.  The buttons sense your finger as if it were a touch screen and the phone vibrates in response to the action to let you know that you pressed it.  As for the functionality of these keys, the one on the left is used to take you back to the home screen that displays the clock, etc.  Press this button again and it will display all 7 screens of the OS for quick access to your other pages full of apps and widgets.  The 2nd button brings up a menu for whatever you are viewing on the phone.  If you are viewing your FaceBook news feed, press this for an option to refresh the page.  This is very useful and convenient.  The 3rd button takes you back to the previous page(s), whether you were browsing or listening to music, it will bring you back to the screen you were viewing before that one.  The last one is the search button.  Just press this and you can search the phone or the web for anything you want.  Also, if you hold this button, voice search will come up which will allow you to give commands such as "navigate to..." for gps navigation or "Call..." to call somebody on your contacts list.  Overall, these buttons are very nice and I use them quite often.8 MP Camera with 720p HD Video RecordingI have only used the camera on the Inspire a few times for both pictures and video and I have to say that the quality is actually better than my dedicated digital camera, which also has 8 MP quality.  When you use the came to take pictures, you can literally hear the lens focusing for a better shot.  There is also a dual LED flash next to the lens which can get extremely bright.  I use it often for the camera as well as the Flashlight app preinstalled on the phone.  The video recording is very sharp and the sound is clear due to the phone having two mics for noise cancellation.Clear Voice CallsAs I just said in the previous Pro, the Inspire has 2 microphones, one on the bottom of the phone and one on the back next to the camera.  This makes it so that when you are talking to someone, the quality of the voice you are sending to the other person is clear and crisp whereas on other phones the other person may hear background noise if you are in a car, etc.Built in Dolby SoundThe Dolby sound in this device is amazing!  When I listen to music using my Apple earphones, I have noticed a huge increase in bass from previous devices.  It is a very nice feature to have and I might have just purchased this phone just for this sound quality if I had known previously.-Cons--Sub Par Battery Life-The Inspire comes with a 1230 mAh Lithium-Ion Battery.  When compared to other current release phones, this is fairly low.  Heavy users may have a problem with this.  I have had this phone for a week now and it seems to last the entire day from the time I wake up and take it off charge to the point of me going to sleep that same day.  So I'd say anywhere from 12 to 20 hours with intermediate use.  Of course, if you use the phone to voice call people and chat for 3 or 4 hours, the battery will obviously drain much more quickly.  I generally just browse the internet, listen to music, check email, watch a few videos, etc.  If you watch full-length movies or make a lot of voice calls, the battery may last about half or 2/3 of what I'm getting currently with my personal use (12-20 hours average).  I know this is a huge factor for some because many people are away from home often and need the phone for calls and such.  Bottom line is the battery life isn't horrible, but it isn't great either.  If you find the battery life to be just awful, might I suggest purchasing a second battery.  Unlike the iPhone 4, you can actually take the battery out of this phone anytime you want.  Edit: I suggest the "New Trent iTruck IMP880 8900mAh External Battery Pack and Charger" as a handy recharger for this phone as well as many other compatible devices.-Battery Cover Difficult to Remove-While this is more of a gripe than a con, I just wanted to point this out.  The battery cover is fairly difficult to remove to place the battery inside and then difficult again to replace the cover to it's secure state.  I have heard of some people breaking the covers trying to open or close them.  There is a slit underneath the volume rocker on the edge of the phone that allows you to put you fingernail to be able to pop the cover off.  Carefully do this and it should come off with a little force.  I did have a bit of trouble getting the cover back on as I was afraid of breaking the cover.  All you have to do is apply even pressure to both sides to the cover when replacing it to get it to pop back onto the phone.  I suppose HTC made this like this to make sure that the cover doesn't just randomly come off, dropping the battery out of the phone.  Unlike the battery cover, the SIM card/Micro SD card cover located at the bottom of the phone's backside is fairly easy to slide off.  Just be careful not to apply too much pressure and everything should come off fine.-A Little on the Heavy Side-Many will notice that this phone weighs a bit more than other phones out there but it really isn't all that noticeable once you get used to it.  In my opinion, a heavier phone means a solid phone.  In other words, solid build quality.While I'm sure there may be something that I missed, I think I've made my point overall.  The HTC Inspire 4G is a very nice device.  It is sleek, attractive, and dare I say, Beastly.Is it better than the iPhone 4?  I say yes in many ways more than one, but you decide for yourself.Edit (6-4-11): It has been over 3 months since I first received this phone and my impressions are still the same.  I have had much more experience with it and I still enjoy everything that it can do.  Again, my only biggest complaint is the battery life but there are many products out there that, with the minimal burden of a little extra weight to carry around, can handle many charges of this phone as well as other small portable electronics.  The screen on the phone is still in unscratched condition.  Seriously.  The screen seems to be very resistant to any kind of blemish like scratches and with the use of a nice microfiber cleaning cloth, all smudges and fingerprints from daily use are completely gone and the screen appears as new.  If I could nitpick about one thing other than that though, it would be that the external speaker for things like media or ring tones and such is really not all that loud at maximum volume.  I have a friend who currently uses an iPhone 4 and it seems to be able to output sound at a higher volume than this particular phone although the iPhone's sound at the highest volume does get a bit scratchy sounding.Overall though, I still recommend this phone for anyone who is considering it.  I have used it every day for the past 3 months and it is still a very nice little device that can do almost anything you can expect from a modern personal desktop or laptop computer.

Got this one yesterday, and it is really big.  Too big, I do not think so but I have to say it is boarder line.  I would go no bigger than this.  First impressions, getting the battery cover off was a bit unnerving as the "insert finger here" spot opened that side, but the door only half opened so care had to be taken to pry the other side open.  The sim card cover came open easily by grabbing the sides of the cover and sliding off, not exactly what the instructions said, but seemed way easier and safer.  Nothing damaged, so that is good!As for the phone itself, I have shown it around the office, and general consensus is that it may be a bit big for one hand operation.  Do not get me wrong, it can be operated with one hand, but getting the thumb to swipe from side to side fully is a stretch.  I was using 2 hands and was completely happy.  The screen is wonderful, and begin the recent owner of a Droid 2, I was very worried about not having a keyboard, as other phones I tried, well typing was frustrating as it never choose the right letter.  But the Inspire is better than I imagined.  I have set up a bunch of stuff now, and so far mistyped only one letter if I recall correctly.  Absolutely wonderful!Android works great, customizable and all.  Not sure how to rate that type of thing, as it is so customizable it will be each to his/her own.  Makes sense, things seemed to be findable without too much trouble given that I had the Droid 2 as my first smartphone for all of 2 months before it died in a watery grave.I have also played with the camera, again in comparison to the Droid 2 the Inspire blows it away!  Wow!  The color is very real, and the flash... the flash is not some wimpy light it enough to barely recognize a face in a dimly lit bar type of flash.  It lights up the room like a real camera would, almost to the point where it seemed too much.  More testing on my part is needed, but hands down Inspire blows away the Droid 2.Will post more as I get further along, but so far it is great, 4.5 stars and the half star off is only because it may have been better to not be as big, but I guess I will have to see what the new 4 inch screens do in the coming months.2/24 - Update: I am getting used to the size now, not as big of a deal now that the initial shock is over.  I have to say I was initially really concerned.  But fits in the pocket just the same, and using it more and more every day.  Phone calls are clear and audible.  I do not have to ram the phone to my ear to hear people.  I know, sort of a secondary feature, but none-the-less it is supposed to be a "phone".

I am new to the Android phones and market. I have really liked what I have seen so far. Very user friendly phone, intuitive, fast, sharp and everything that I have wanted. The phone is very customizable and there are so many new apps being added all the time. Many free cool apps as well. I would highly recommend this phone as well as Android. Plus the price was great as I do not believe is spending alot of money on phones.

An awesome phone with a bad carrier will give you a bad experience, plus it will eat your wallet. I've been with ATT over 10 years until last week. My original plan was a 500 Unlimited Data, which means 500 anytime minutes plus unlimited data. It was a 10 years old plan which only cost $35/month. When the 1st gen of smart phones came out, ATT decided that my plan no longer has unlimited data usage. So they would charge me for browsing web and sending text message, even though the name of the plan is 500 Unlimited Data. I called and got a bunch BS that the plan is so old, it's not in their database. I hardly use data anyways, so I put up with the BS.Fast forward to early this year. ATT pulls another BS, they said my number is too old to be upgrade with their new network and I must pick a new plan or my service will be cut off all together this month. Basically they just want to move all the low cost plan to the new expensive ones. But then they extended the deadline to August, but cut off text message function last month. And yet, they still want me to pay same monthly fee.I had enough of ATT BS, and googled around last week. Bang! Boost Mobile! Unlimited everything $50/month flat (except international stuff)with no contract, plus they will take off $5 every 6 months. So you'll end up unlimited everything for $35/month. That is cheaper than my $35 ATT plan,ATT has whole bunch taxes and surcharges. A $35 plan ends up $42, go figure. ATT's limited 4G usages plus phone costs around $80+ before tax and lock in for two years. VS $50-$35 unlimited everything flat with no contract.The thing with Boost Mobile is that, it's only 3G and only has one official Android phone as now (May 2011). But since it's using Sprints network, many of Sprints' Android phones can be converted, including HTC EVO & EVO Shift. The bottom line is Boost Mobile offers many pay as you go plans without contract. If you're not mobile warrior and don't use mobile network much, why pay more. Especially free wifi hotspots are everywhere now.The whole ATT episode ended perfectly last week, when I ported my number to Boost Mobile. ATT immediately shutoff the access to view my ATT account on their website. When I called their CC and asked for past PDF statements, their BS was it can't be send and I have to go to local ATT store for print out which will be a fee base service. LOL. This is how ATT treats a 10+ years customer. Beware if you're thinking to join ATT, they are rated last among all carriers for good reasons.

Don't buy this phone!!  I purchased this phone in May 2011 from Amazon wireless.  Later in the summer, HTC sends me an OS upgrade, so I download it.  The results?  Terrible glitches in the texting (particularly when it qwerty mode), frequent crashes (several times a week the phone shuts itself off and restarts), the touch screen often freezes or goes to black and I have to remove the battery to get it to come back on (no easy task given the way the battery is shoved so tightly into the battery compartment).  Since I bought this on Amazon, I turned to HTC first.  The HTC rep told me over the phone they are aware of all these issues, but they don't have a fix for them.  Thanks HTC.  So, I went to the AT&T store, the rep there said they couldn't help me, to try AT&T technical support.  Tech support sent me on to warranty.  Warranty ships me a new (refurbished) phone to replace the old glitchy one.  Not 6hrs after turning on the new phone, it's already doing the same things as the old phone.  At this point, the warranty on the phone runs out before I am eligible for an upgrade.  I will NEVER buy another HTC.

I got the HTC Inspire a few days ago and I am beyond happy with it! The touch screen actually works great and the screen is huge and very clear. The battery life could be better, but with moderate usage, it will still last all day for me, if I just charge it overnight. This phone is quick and has so many different options. It's great, the first phone I have been completely happy with!

I switched to this phone from the Samsung Captivate, which I was very happy with. Even though I have had the Inspire for less than a full day, I am already happier with it than I was with the Captivate. Although the display is not Super AMOLED, it is slightly bigger than the Captivate's and plenty clear. I love the design of this phone, the 8-megapixel camera with dual LED flash, Android 2.2 is significantly faster than 2.1, and I am anxious to see how useful HTC Sense is. After getting used to Swype on the Captivate, not having it is a minor issue compared to all of the other features on this phone. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone and I'll update this review after using it for a longer period of time. But for now, I love it! By the way, as far as the battery life is concerned, any smartphone will have issues with battery life if you're a heavy internet browser, video streamer, game player, or multimedia message sender.

I got this to replace my Captivate. I really didn't think it would so easy to transition to a larger screen, (4.3") but now I cannot imagine going back to a 4". The Inspire 4G runs Android 2.2.1, which is Froyo. The software is super snappy and responsive, and runs on HTC's Sense platform, which is loads better than TouchWiz on the Samsung. I cannot say much about AT&T 4G network, as 4G is really more of a marketing gimmick, but the internet does seem a tad faster and syncing taking slightly less time to do. Yes, the Inspire does come with some AT&T bloatware, but it seems less than the Samsung; HTC also has a ton of apps preloaded, but most are actually useful. For example, HTC has a store of sorts where you can download ringtones and wallpapers; reminds me of the old AT&T Medianet. The Inspire also has a notification LED next to the speaker grill, which is a nice touch; very Blackberry-esque. The charging port is on the bottom and is unrestricted, so any microUSB cable should work. All in all, this is a great phone and one of the best Android phones on AT&T right now.

Have had this phone over 3 months now and love nearly everything about it. I returned an iphone 4 due to problems and like this MUCH better. It is very responsive & the screen is gorgeous! Calls are very clear and rarely ever drop, unless I'm talking to someone on an iphone (think we know what the problem is there). The 8MP camera takes great outdoor pictures - as good as most digital cameras, if not better (indoor acceptable, but hey it's a phone). Video & sound are also excellent. The 4.3" screen size is just right for me - not too small to watch videos and not so large that I can't pocket it.DATA speeds were initially not the greatest, but that problem was solved with the recent software update & continuing ATT network improvements (I am in the Springfield, MA area). I now get around 2-2.5 Mbps down and 1-1.5 Mbps up (prior to update, upload was capped at 300 Kbps). Around Hartford, CT I usually get around 3.0 Mbps down or better.Downsides? The screen is not so easy to see in sunlight, but don't find myself doing that much anyway. Battery life isn't great, but definitely much better than I expected with this size screen. It got even better with the recent software update. Turning off some apps that auto-start, especially location services you don't use, helps a lot. I turn off GPS, Wifi and bluetooth unless I'm using them (it still uses cell tower location services) and I usually get 2 full days with moderate calling before needing a recharge.The only problem I had is that the SD card cover cracked in half when I was trying to take it off (known defect - don't hold it by the sides when removing). But I could still put it back on in two pieces, and HTC sent out a new one at no cost to me.

I made the move to a smart phone as part of the AT&T; buy out of Alltel. Apparently it's no longer possible to buy a regular phone that's designed for adults, not tweens. I was completely prepared to buy an iPhone 4 (I'm an avid iPod Touch user) when I made the trip into the store. I saw this phone while standing in line and was very impressed by the size and clarity of the screen. Many times with my iPod Touch I'm scrambling for my reading glasses, which is a real inconvenience, especially while driving (spare me the hands-free device lecture, that's my next project). With this phone I can see the screen clearly, navigate and type on the on-screen keyboard easily.I love all the apps and features. It's easy to customize and by turning mobile data off and using wi-fi at home and work, I've only used around 14mb of my 200mb plan, eighteen days into the billing cycle. This may increase as I find more mobile apps that I want to use while driving, but you do not need to have mobile data enabled in order to use Google maps; only to do things like check email or surf the web.On the advice of several people I downloaded a Task Killer app. Similar to a pc, there is a lot of stuff running in the background which can be shut off in order to speed things up and reduce battery drain (not that I would ever describe this phone as slow). I charge all my devices every night so I have no issues with battery life.My only complaint is that the speaker-phone sucks. Callers on the other end can't hear me and even in a quiet room they report excessive background noise.

This is by far the worst phone I've ever owned in my entire life. I don't even know where to begin with all of my complaints. Let's start with the most basic function, a working phone. This thing hardly gets reception anywhere. And if I'm indoors you can forget it. I have to prop it in a window to receive full signal. I live just outside Kansas City. There's no excuse for not getting FULL SIGNAL. As for battery life this thing dies within a few short hours. Even after charging it all night I can't get it to last a full day. I even keep it on the highest power-saver settings with a screen so dim I can barely see it, but even then it won't last all day. Then there is the pre-installed software which I can't keep closed, delete, or make go away. Random apps turn on at their leisure and take up precious memory. Half of the time my address book is AWOL. I'll get a text from some number I don't know, and as it turns out it'll be my sister and the number should be saved to my contact list. Even though her name should appear on the text it does not. I'll check my contacts, and I did indeed save it there, but no such luck getting that to appear on texts. What's the point in saving your contacts if their names won't ever appear on texts or incoming calls? It's ridiculous! The camera is also a major disappointment. I bought this phone because it boasted an 8 MP camera, but the images always come out blurry because there's no image stabilization! If you're going to use this phone for pictures you'll have to prop it on a stable surface to take a clear, sharp image. Don't you dare breathe while taking pics or it'll come out blurry! Even photoshop can't help images this blurred. When I finally upgrade to an Iphone I'm going to take a hammer to this thing until it's completely obliterated. And I'll NEVER buy another HTC phone as long as I live!

I decided to get this phone after reading the reviews for this model and a for a few other phones that were eligible for the AT&T; upgrade.  I am very pleased with my choice.  It is reasonably easy to learn to use (although a user's guide would have been helpful).  Voices sound crisp and clear during calls with no interference; this was probably the most important factor for me.  I have even been able to use the speaker phone successfully. It picks up a sufficient signal in all the places that my previous phone did, and in some areas is even better at getting a signal.  It has a lot of internal memory, and also comes with an sd card for added memory.  Currently, if you have this phone with AT&T; service, you will not be able to use the Amazon android app store; instead you will need to go directly to the Android app store; if I had known this sooner it would have saved me a lot of time trying to find out where to go to download apps.  I have read that Amazon has been working with AT&T; to change this.  The only major drawback that I have found is the limited selection of profiles for incoming calls/alerts.  This phone allows for 3:  Normal, Vibrate, and Silent (plus airplane mode).  They can be customized as to ring volume, etc.  However, my previous phone, which was a very simple one, allowed for several different sound profiles, so that I could quickly choose according to various needs. For example, I would really like the ability to have this phone "beep once and vibrate" which was the setting on my old phone that I always used while at work.  Perhaps there is an app somewhere that will allow for more choices like this. All in all, this is really a great phone!ETA:  I found an app in the android store called "Quick Profiles" that allows you to make additional profiles.  Now I am even happier with the phone!

Pros: the phone is pretty small. fits in back pocket easily. the camera takes amazing pictures. the phone is pretty powerful and quick.Cons: the battery. a day of moderate use of texting here and there, my phone will probably needs a recharge. the phone also seems a bit flimsy. i have yet to drop it so i dont quite know the durability loloverall: amazing phone, and i am very happy w/ my purchase. if you are to purchase this, i'd definitely recommend getting a car charger with it and possibly a skin/case for protection.

I know people always say they don't write reviews, but I really don't. I just feel compelled to let you know how great a phone this is. I am a 42 yr old mother of 2. I've had this phone for 8 months and simply can't live without it! I live among a family of I Phone users, and was determined to not own another Apple slave product! :)Aside from that, the screen on this phone is just indestructible. My Autistic 5yr. old son plays lots of games on it, I throw it in my purse along with my keys, I wear earrings that have scratched every other phone I've owned and this screen is still pristine after 8 months. I do not have a screen protector on it. I do suggest buying a soft rubberized case for it as the design and material it is made of make it a bit slippery to hold. The case has saved this phone from slipping off of the table or any sleek surface.I've noticed some complaining about the battery life, but that is just typical of a smart phone. With normal usage, I only have to charge the battery every few days. If my son plays games it may need to be charged daily.I am very satisfied with this phones performance, in fact impressed at times. It has become an intricate part of my day and I rely on it more than I thought I ever would rely on a phone. I highly recommend this product.

I was getting irritated at my iPhone and i heard this htc was good  so I decided to give it a try. It was cool looking, just a little bigger than the iPhone. The user interface was good too. But after using it for a very short period of time, the battery depleted significantly. Charged it, hoped for better, woke up and it was on low again. The battery life sucks, straight up. All the capabilities in the world but not enough heart and soul, good try htc, I'm heading back to my iPhone.

I love this phone!!! I bought it about 3 weeks ago and i love it! There is one BIG problem! The screen is EXTREMELY thin and sensetive! It barely fell and the screen cracked! It is about $145 to replace the screen and im upset! But love the phone just buy a hard case for it! The battery and the camera resolution rock!! My phone zooms in farther and takes way better pictures than my camera! You can't beat the price but i bought it at Costco for $20!

I've had this phone for two months now, and for the most part it's pretty dang good. I rooted and upgraded the ROM the first day I got it, so this review might be a little skewed. Also, I'm kinda picky, so while I have more cons and pros, the cons are small things that don't detract from how good this phone is.Cons:-I almost broke the damn battery cover trying to open it. Trick is to peel the plastic at the volume rockers, not where the indent is. You'll only do this once, so it doesn't really matter.-The screen really takes up the entire front of the phone. I have long fingers, so I keep accidentally pressing things depending on how I hold it. Also, buy a screen protector, you'll probably need it-The voice quality didn't seem to be as HTC Tilt I upgraded from.-WiFi randomly disconnects occasionally. However, it seemed to pick up better WiFi signal than a MacBook, so....yeah-The back of the phone is slippery! Get a good case so it doesn't slide everywhere.-Battery life? It lasts about as long as all other smartphones out there...I can get through an entire day of heavy use. Just charge it every night. New ROM that gets rid of bloatware helps battery life.Pros:-Large, bright screen. The screen can be seen under bright sunlight, though you might have to get a little closer.-Unbrickable phone, since it's based on Android. I thought I bricked it trying to get a new ROM on it (stuck on black screen), but after half an hour of research I was able to fix it.-With ROM upgrade, HTC Sense 3.0 and Gingerbread keyboard....so much better than default. There's also certain ROMs out there that can overclock the phone to almost 2Ghz....so the customizability of it is really up to you.-Fast, but there's sometimes tiny lag when scrolling.

This phone has been OK -- I agree with most of the other reviewers' comments and have found the HTC interface and the phone overall very easy to use despite its size and weight (which is not a huge problem for me since I usually have it in my purse). It is also much more durable than expected -- I've dropped it several times on various surfaces and the screen is still intact...the battery life is not great but I don't notice it too much as I have chargers at home, at work, and in my car.The camera is OK -- kind of blurry at times and not as naturally warm toned as the iPhone but gets the job done. Voice calls (which I don't do very often) have been good -- as clear as a normal non-cell phone. I've had this phone for almost a year and am mostly satisfied with it. However, it had been having a lot of software problems lately, so I took it to an AT&T; Device Support Center in the middle of nowhere...it had been almost a year since I had ordered it, but since I still had about a week left until it would be exactly a year, I thought it should still be covered under a one-year warranty.However, at the Device Support Center, I learned that they would do a hard restart of my phone (erasing everything) but that if that didn't solve my problems, there was no way they could replace my phone for free because the one year warranty had expired. Thinking that I had bought a brand new phone off of Amazon Wireless, it was an unpleasant surprise to hear that the phone had gone off warranty about a month before because that was when the serial number that corresponded to it had been activated. Amazon Wireless has simply said that it cannot offer any additional insight or action after I asked them why they sold me someone else's used phone as new, so my only advice to others is buyer beware!

Great phone, I've had it for about a week now. The battery gets through my work day, but I picked up an extra car charger to be safe. I can compare the features to the Windows Focus and iPhone 3G. All are good phones, no real complaints about either of them! I use a lot of Google features, and this phone integrates the easiest.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned! Drops calls, terrible wifi signal, battery won't hold a charge for more than 3 hours. I wouldn't recommend this phone to an enemy!

I travel a lot and since two years ago I switched to Iphone I had been hell hard time carrying two phones with me.  IPhone 3G I was able to unlock while in Asian and UK but with Iphone4 Micro Sim card crap made life worse...  I must say F IPhone/Apple, there are better phones out there!.  It's a free world so big F goes to Apple!No matter from which side you look at this phone it's so much better than crappy IPhone4.

...so I am a computer engineer by education and profession, and was keen to dip my paws (literally) into an Android phone. Getting which one was an easy decision, considering the beautiful form factor of the HTC Inspire. My wife has the iPhone 4, and I've caught her secretly admiring the Inspire form and feel. With regards to the phone itself, it's got a beautiful screen, with a resolution that would do all the YouTube videos proud. The call clarity is better than a Blackberry (which is saying a lot!). Internet browsing speed is blazing - it was quicker than my home computer, on the same wireless network! I did spend most part of the weekend (much to my wife's chagrin) understanding and configuring the phone (downloading apps, music, contacts, etc.), but once done...it just works! The iPhone 4, in my opinion, is easier to use out of the box, but once you get used to the interface on the Inspire, the iPhone 4 will feel like a relic.A Gotcha - My sister got this phone as well, but had it completely freeze when she was trying to port over contacts from her previous Blackberry over bluetooth. She had to exchange her device and was told to avoid that particular feature. Considering the newness of this platform, a few kinks are expected, but hopefully, they'll be ironed out with updates.All in all, a beautiful phone...and unless the iPhone 5 can cook, I would recommend this device over any Apple product (yes, even the iPad, considering the large, vibrant display of this phone)...

I was due for an upgrade from the blackberry curve 3g and had the inspire less than 10 hours and returned it for the iphone 4...No comparison...The Inspire is terrible...DO NOT purchase this phone if you want quality, the Inspire has none,,,

After a couple of weeks toying with the inspire. I have concluded what is the use of offering sooo much in a phone when you do not offer a battery to compliment the device you are promoting/selling. Do not get me wrong the inspire has many features that are nice to have. At&t/Htc knew the demands the inspire would have on the stock battery and the best they could offer was a 1300 maH battery. And No I am not gonna cut these big Mega Cell companies any slack in hopes that a more powerful battery will be offered in the market. What gives I do not understand with all the Glowing reviews folks are giveing the Inspire. Trust me at the end of the day Inspiration is lacking when I am running and scrambling for the power cord, to charge the inspire.  Come on give me a break. The most use I have been able to get from the factory battery is 3 hours. I never thought this would ever happen but I am starting to get jealous because the inspire is spending more time with the power cord than with me. Do not buy the insipre because you will be dissapointed! :/

The HTC Inspire is a great phone at only $100 in many places, well worth the price with the exception of a few negligible details and quirks. I'd recommend purchasing it.--UseThe Android Market is easy to use and once you have your applications organized it's fairly simple. One of the most enjoyable features is the search function, which is one of the four main buttons on the front of the phone (the others being 'Home' 'Menu' and 'Back'). In almost every application or setting you can hit the search button to immediately query the phone or program for an item or function you're looking to do. Very handy.If I had one large complaint about the HTC Inspire 4G it would be the keyboard function. When trying to place a cursor between areas of text to select or copy, the magnify function -- that makes it so you can place the cursor directly, much like an iPhone or myriad other smart phones -- often ends up magnifying the text downwards instead of upwards. This means that it appears under your finger and you cannot see what you're trying to get at. It's very awkward and clumsy to use at times. What it really does is slow you down and make you try to type texts and social media updates correctly the first time lest you have to go back and fix them.The phone also comes with a few select built-in applications that are all but worthless, including a few games and services that require ongoing fees should you choose to subscribe to them. I've yet to find a way to delete some of them without coming across some kind of error message. It's easy to live with every day. It fits into my front pocket without making me look too silly since it's so enormous. I'm not hiding it from anyone, but it's not like having a brick in your pocket.BatteryBattery life is acceptable: After a night of charging, being unplugged from 8AM to 10PM each day, with heavy usage for three-to-four hours a day, the battery will start to die sometime around 9PM. It's not going to blow you away with its reliability but it won't leave you in the dark either. I'm a heavy user and I wear it out just about every day, which is what I'd expect considering it has such a giant screen.CameraThe camera function leaves much to be desired. In comparison to an iPhone 3GS, the HTC Inspire does quite poorly in low-light or even a well-lit incandescent setting. You must be in either a well-lit, outdoor setting or use the flash. Having said that, it does try to compensate by having white balance features and some very Instagram-ish artsy settings that create finished-looking photos. The camera does produce incredibly high quality photos. Unless you're going to be taking a lot of moon-phase portraits, I wouldn't worry about the lack of low light performance.CustomizationSettings for colors and sounds are plenty and won't leave new users wanting. You can specify just about anything you need on the phone including sounds, colors, views, themes and skins.ScreenIt has a nice, crisp, large screen that has a great array of colors and blacks. Customization is fairly easy and the animations between screens is up-to-date. The touch screen is responsive without seeming overly deadened or sensitive.ApplicationsThe Android Market is stocked with everything you need. If you're an iPhone user looking to make the move but aren't sure about applications available, don't worry. As a former iPhone user I promise you the Android Market has everything you've come to expect from Apple. I also enjoy some of the built-in applications, including the Friend Stream function, which lets you administer your social network with a middling amount of depth.--Overall, the HTC Inspire is a very comparable phone to the iPhone 3GS or iPhone 4. If you're making the switch from Apple you may find the menus for each item less than standardized, with some applications requiring additional clicks of the 'Menu' button or otherwise. The text-magnify function is a little odd, but it just makes you type slower and with more care so you don't have to use it. At $100, the phone is an absolute steal. If you're looking for a cheap smartphone that is of high quality, the HTC Inspire is the best choice.Pros:-Large screen-Easy to use-Largely customizable-High definition camera-Good applicationsCons:-Middling battery life-Poor camera performance in low light settings-Infuriating type-magnifying function

Would definetley recommend this phone:) the only bad thing is the battery life and the compartment to put the battery in, it is so hard to open.I really love the graphics and the speed to download is fast...All i really wanted to say was VERY HAPPY with my Android Phone:D

Skip this one. Sure the screen is big and has lots of apps, but the call quality is very bad. The advertised "stereo speakers" is a joke.  Worst sound ever, validated at an ATT store by a rep who had the same probs. Forget about good picture quality from the supposed 8MB camera.

First of all, this is my first ever smartphone. I have never used the Android OS before, but got to know it fairly well after a few days. I knew iOS very well before hand because it is simple to use, this not so much. Although it is great now, newer versions of Android are coming out (Android 2.3, aka Gingerbread) and if AT&T; wants to stay competitive with this phone, they must update it.So, lets get started with some pros and cons.Pros:- A behemoth of a screen. It's a whopping 4.3 inches, and when I compared to an iPod Touch, the screen was the size of the whole device!- Android 2.2. Its sleek and downright sexy smooth, but as said early, for AT&T; to stay competitive in the smartphone market, they must update it with the future updates- Market. The market is very large and has most of the same apps as iTunes.- HTC Sense. Beautiful widgets. Their famous weather widget is right there when you turn on the screen. Friend Stream is also great. Also, if you ever do lose your phone, you can go online to track it, call it, or message it.- 8 MP camera makes it worth using, along with 720p video capture. Also it has a dual LED flash- 1GHz single core cpu. This may have been something great back in 2010, but with the Atrix dominating the market now with the new dual core, and another company that is making a 1.5GHz dual core, its not special, but it gets the job done well.- Live wallpapers. My friends on their iPhones show me their backgrounds that move, well they had to jailbreak it for them. With android, you can get live moving wallpapers in the market, and it comes equipped with ones like Nexus, HTC Sense, and Galaxy.-Cons:- Battery Life. The battery dies very easily on this, so be sure to get an app (Juice Defender is the best I've had so far) that deals with controlling your battery. I thought that it was bad until my buddy told me that his friend has the EVO 4G, and his battery dies fast too. It did break itself in after a week though, and now it lasts 8-10 hours with moderate-heavy use.- Android 2.2 - Now how can I say this was a pro, and now its a con? Well lets put it this way, if you aren't tech savvy and don't know how to work anything but an iPhone, don't pick any android phone. It took me a few days to realize all of the features that this phone can do, and I'm pretty sure I still don't know about a lot of them.Question for anyone who knows:- Is it 4G or not? AT&T; advertises their 4G as HSPA+, but when I do check my network settings, it only shoes HSDPA, which I've read is only 3G speeds. So maybe AT&T; doesn't have 4G in Atlanta yet, but I don't see why not. I've also been to Baltimore with it, same story there.Overall, HTC did a fine job making this device, but a few things are holding it back, including the battery life, and whether not its real 4G (But thats AT&T;'s problem, not HTC's). Thanks for finally releasing a well designed android phone AT&T.; And if you do buy it, I would not pick the 200MB plan, because I used 400MB within the first week between streaming music from Pandora and downloading apps. But I also think the 4gb plan is a little overkill. So stick with the DataPro, 2GB

Used it for 4 days:PROS:Big screen, Android 2.2, Sleek design, App marketCONS:Battery horrible, moderate usage drains battery in 6 hoursATT disabled many apps, cant install native appsHeadphones are missing (do not supply headphones in the boxDont buy, I am returning to iphone4

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME PERIOD....BUT IF YOUR GONNA BUY IT GO TO COSTCO ITS ONLY $19.99 UPGRADE INSTEAD OF $70 OR $99 AND IT COMES WITH A LEATHER CASE/POUCH,HEADPHONES AND CAR CHARGER

Okay first of all, I Love the design / form factorPros:Big screenAluminium instead of plastic caseBrand (HTC Build)Sense UICons:Over heat / very hot when you use GPS for a whileGPS is unreliable. This issue seem to be popular, google it.and I mainly use the phone as GPS so I have to return this and get the atrix.

Reporting on the 4G inspire review done by Brad. I agree fully that this phone is superior to the I phone.I have loaded apps, connected to a router and carried on a conversation all at the same timewith this Android. I've even created my own applications its really amazing how user friendly this devicecan be. Furthermore on Bradsreview I have found a way to sideload apps using the Android sideload wonder machine. People, this means no more jailbreaking your phone its very good. Androidforums .com if the link is dead email me and I will compress and zip the file no donations or gratitude needed.Down with the I phones!

This is a known issue for the last 2 months and no updates to fix it?? The problem: every time you try to listen to your music about 2 mins in, the voice activation starts trying to recognize voice commands. This results in your music going nuts, skipping tracks and staying in fast forward!! This will continue until the music is shut off or muted. Tried to deactivate voice command but that doesn't work and u cant uninstall it either.. I just don't bother listening to my music any more... bad bad phone!!

Let me just say I love this phone. That being said, I am coming from an iPhone 3g. This Inspire is blazing fast, the HTC interface is great, easy to use and simple to learn. Calls sound great, the touchscreen is beautiful, the browser is perfect, all around it is a great phone. But it does have a few limitations:It is not really 4G (but then again no phone is, at least not for a long while). AT&T;'s current 4G model currently consists of HSPA+, an upgraded 3G platform that improves speed IF you live in an area where the HSPA+ has been given the "enhanced backhaul" (still waiting in the North VA/DC area). But the 3G speeds I get on it are very reliable. So, why does this come up as a limitation? AT&T; is currently doing a lot of BIG talking about their 4G lineup and the foundation being laid for LTE, their next big step in 4G. What they don't mention is that apparently the majority of their 4G lineup of phones are NOT LTE compatible. If you buy the Inspire, you will NOT be able to take advantage of the LTE speeds when it is fully rolled out. Seems a little misleading, but I am not griping because I didn't buy the phone for the 4G. I am almost always near a wi-fi hot spot.Second, is the battery life. But hey, most smartphones that do everything these days will eat your battery. So here are some tips, turn of radios you aren't using. Why is your wi-fi, mobile data, and GPS radios on if you are not using them? Eating up battery life. Turn off/down the sync times for your email/Facebook/etc. Do you really need a notification every 15 minutes of emails and for social apps? Eating up battery life. I set them to only sync manually (when I access the app) or to every 4 hours (during peak usage times). Also, apps like Juice Defender are great for managing your power saving abilities. Battery life on my phone (with moderate usage everyday) can last anywhere from 1.5 to 2 days before needing a charge.Once again, great phone, great hardware, great interface. But read and learn before you buy. Don't buy and then complain later.

I got this phone since Thursday and I am so happy I made the right choice! I have been researching on the iPhone 4 and the inspire. In comparison it seemed.the inspire was a better phone and for the price I had paid, was worth every penny!  I decided after.being locked to the iPhone for 3 years to try something different! I am spool happy I chose this phone! Hello android, goodbye Apple!! Ordered the inspire from ATT over a phone call, they charged me 49.99! Sooo happy since this costs 99.99 right now!

Okay, I was a little silly on the title but in all seriousness this is an excellent phone. I've had it for about 3 weeks and admit I still have a lot to learn but everything new I learn about this phone only solidifies my opinion of it.  I guess the main objections I have are two-fold.1. The ring volume is really poor.  At nearly 50 my ears aren't quite what they used to be and my last phone had a very loud max-ring volume and I really enjoyed that.2. The vibrate feature is also very poor.  The phone is far too large for me to put into my pocket so I rely on a hip-pouch and unless I have that puppy sitting RIGHT on my hip-bone there's a good chance I won't feel the vibration.  Now, couple that with my first objection to this phone and...yes, I've missed some calls.  If I don't hear it and don't feel it then obviously I don't always know when I'm receiving an incoming call.However!  These two 'cons' are not enough for me to rate this phone with anything less than 5 stars.  I LOVE this phone.  The 4G is truly lightning-fast. I'm shocked at how fast this baby downloads whatever I am doing. The clarity of the screen, the 8 Mega-pix camera, ability to record/take pics in HD, availability of FREE apps for Android phones, SD Card is removable WITHOUT having to pull the battery, the phones ability to be a WAP (Wireless Access Point) so other devices can connect to the Internet via WiFi being provided BY the phone...oh, and BTW, you can have the phone doing that while you're talking on it, etc.  Oh, and don't forget...this is Android 2.2, not 2.1. Do a little research and you'll see the advantages including managing the hardware resources of the phone.I've read some reviews that object to the battery life.  To that I say, "People need to understand what all this phone is doing".  Yes, I have to charge the phone every night - big deal.  I expect that and so should anyone running a smart-phone of this caliber.

I have had this phone for 5 months, and it is by far the best phone I have ever had. I have owned a very many phones over a period of 17 years. Not only did I fall in love with android, but I fell in love with HTC. I was a little leary about getting a phone I knew nothing about, but I trusted my at&t sales rep and bought it. I have had almost no problems with it. I have way to many pictures and text messages on it and it causes it to freeze up sometimes but not much(which can be expected with so much space taken up). I usually just restart it and it is fine. Every so often I go through and delete things to give it a little bit of a break lol. I have never loved a phone as much as I love this one. I have dropped it on my ceramic tile in my kitchen and bathroom and it didn't even have so much as a scratch on it. I also dropped it on my concrete steps in my garage and again nothing happened to it. I have to say if you are going to get a smart phone (or any phone for that matter) this is the one to get. It has an 8MP camera which is awesome and the color is so vibrant I can hardly stand looking or using anyone else's phone. I have to say this phone has me spoiled. When it comes time to upgrade I will get another HTC phone. Also if you lose your phone you can download an app called android lost from your computer to your phone. It will send you the last messages sent and received, phone calls, take a picture from your phone, send crazy loud "help me I'm lost" messages (the phone can be on silent and it still plays it loud), you can set the phone to lock up and notify you if a different sim card is inserted, and many more great things to find your phone. On top of all those things it gives you a gps location within 7 meters of where your phone is. Trust me it works. My phone was stolen and I used this app and it had an arrow directly on the house where the phone was. All of this is emailed to you and the person with your phone has no idea any of this is going on. Awesome phone I highly recommend it to everyone!!!

Its been 10 months i bought this phone and I am really enjoying this. Its a pleasure to browse internet in this phone. Its super fast and very easy to use. Though the battery dies fast, I always carry the charger with me so its not a problem to me. I love the GPS feature too. You can use GPS though there is no at&t; signal. Its little bulky but if you talk a lot on phone, then its a problem. The only thing which I am dissatisfied is the speaker phone volume. The speakerphone is little low and not very clear to the person on the other side. The volume of the media is also not v. good. When i try to listen to songs in my car using the phone connecting it to the AV, i need to put full volume in the car. But the volume is not bad if you listen songs using earphones. I love the camera. The photos quality is too good ! Infact i printed them too..If you want to use this phone, to check mails, to answer calls, take photos and videos.. this is THE BEST PHONE ! My husband has an iphone 4 but he likes to use my phone to browse.

So I write this as I upgraded from my old school Motorola Razor to the HTC Inspire 4G.  I have had the phone since it released on 13 Feb 2011.  Not too much I am not happy about.  As this is my first smartphone and Android phone, it's hard not to like it all.  Overall, I am very happy with the phone itself.Pros:-Gorgeous large screen-Fast processor-Camera takes really good pictures, however, I noted in a large room the flash is kind of slow and you may get some blurred images.  But up close or outdoors the pictures are impeccable.-Android.  I love the apps and the ability to multi-task (something my wifes iphone doesn't seem to do so well)-I find the android interface and the interfunction of the menu to be much better than that of the iphone 4Cons:-I have had some problems with the micro SD card.  The phone will randomly lose it's connection with the SD card.  For instance, I was listening to music and in the middle of a song the phone told me that there was no SD card installed.  I had to reboot the phone (no change), remove and reinstall the SD card for the phone to recognize it.  This has happened multiple times.  This is the 8GB SD card that came with the phone.-On day two of owning the phone, I had the aforementioned SD card problem.  When I removed the cover, the compartment cover where the SD card and SIM card reside, snapped in half.  Fortunately, I was able to get a replacement cover from the AT&T; store about a week later from a return.  BE VERY CAREFUL REMOVING THIS COVER.-Battery life is short.  It will last the day in standby....But if you use it for anything else frequently, such as a game app, you will be charging it all the time.-Battery cover is difficult to remove, but I believe will get easier as I do it more.Neutral-Noticed signal strength in home is less than it was on my razor, but doesn't seem to affect call/messaging performance.Hope this helps.

To begin, I have owned this phone REFURBISHED since last September. I have had no problems except for things I have done to make the phone freeze. I never turn it off to let it "rest" either. I have dropped this phone multiple times (and they were pretty hefty drops) but it has never failed to be perfectly fine when I check it out afterwards. It is very fast and loads everything up very quickly unless I don't have good wifi or service. I have adored this phone and when it's time for a new one I might just stick with the same phone. Also keep in mind that I am a teen girl who gets over things quickly. AND I do a lot on this phone. The battery life isn't fabulous but then again if you're on it all the time the battery isn't going to last you all day. Actually I put it on airplane mode throughout the school day when I am not using it so that the battery doesn't die with my phone searching for service. (I don't get service in my school.) One, the single one and only problem that I've ever had with this phone is that on the keyboard (which is touch) when I try and push a certain button sometimes it'll be like the button isn't there. Which isn't a big deal because the few times that it does happen I can turn the phone sideways and use the keyboard fine like that.

I love this phone . I like this phone better.  I can browse, talk and check for music us so good.

I originally bought an iPhone 3GS for my wife, but after 3 days the iphone kept dropping calls.  We both have antiquated AT&T LG incite phones that never dropped calls like this iPhone, didn't realize the iPhones were this bad at dropping calls, also iPhone will restricts playing flash.  I didn't mind the dropped calls with my mother-in-law ;-)  but the wifey wanted a working cell phone, AT&T service call said she had to hold it in an abnormal way & reboot it a million times.  She has the HTC Inspire now and loves it more due to more functionality, and no dropped calls yet 3 days after.  The problem now is buying a specific case for this phone, not too many out there or they are on back order.  This phone does eat up battery life with a trade off for more functionality.

Summary: Phone is beautiful, Android is awesome, headset is recommended, AT&T; is despised and Google needs to refine the voice dialer.Long version:The Inspire is a beautiful phone with a solid feel that I love, when so many electronics feel flimsy and cheap.  With a good bluetooth headset, it becomes a 5-star phone.This is my first smartphone, and I'm very surprised at how effective it is at replacing my laptop.  It seems faster than the iPhones I've used, and the larger screen is a huge plus.  More/bigger text fits on the screen, videos look better, and the on-screen keyboard is easier to use.  Being able to talk on the phone (particularly with a headset) while taking pictures or browsing the net is also really useful.The camera is mediocre, but I'm picky.  The led "flash" is more useful with the flashlight app than it is as a flash because the resulting photo colors are awful.  That said, if you have to take a pic in the dark with a phone, it works.  Even without the flash, however, the colors are off: greens are a bit too warm, yellows, too cool, and I've noticed that the center of the picture tends to be slightly redder than the perimeter.  Keep in mind, however, that I think point-and-shoots take mediocre pictures under all but the most ideal conditions, and I always have my phone but rarely my SLR.The AT&T; bloatware is pretty offensive.  Having apps that you can't get rid of (without voiding the warranty) and have to pay monthly rates to use, but whose rates are not stated until you download, install, accept terms, (blah blah blah) makes me really angry.  By presenting the AT&T; apps mixed in with the free ones, and by making users jump through a bunch of hoops just to find out that there is a charge, AT&T; manipulates users and is effectively guilty of false advertising.  The fact that none of these apps is necessary because Google has provided apps that do all the same things just makes it more absurd.The battery life is lame for a phone, but great for a laptop/camera/mp3 player/phone replacement.  I need to charge it every day, but the same is true of my laptop.  Should it's very lightweight battery have simply been made twice as big?  Yes.  But I bought a couple extra Motorola chargers off Amazon for ~$4 apiece for the car and work, and I'll never have to worry about running out of juice if I forget to plug it in at night.My only criticism directed at Google is a gaping flaw in the voice dialer.  Android fails utterly at hands-free dialing.  Waking the phone takes two actions that could reasonably be done without looking at the phone.  Touching the phone dialer icon is trickier, but not impossible.  What is really unacceptable is that you must tap the name of the contact after it has finished recognizing what you said.  This means that you have to watch the phone to see when the prompt comes up, then you have to read the prompt to see if it's the right person (or select the one you want from the proposed list), and then tap that name.  Using the normal phone dialer is faster and less error-prone.  I understand that voice recognition is tricky, but my 5 year old RAZR would repeat back it's interpretation of what I had said.  The amount of interaction required makes voice dialing too dangerous to use when driving and is generally useless.  When a bluetooth headset is connected, however, all of my voice dialer gripes go away.  It is not necessary to touch the phone at all, and the contact is repeated back to you before dialing.  I highly recommend thePlantronics M100/R Bluetooth Headset.  As an aside, the voice search feature works brilliantly well.

I've had the phone for 2 days now. It is quite good.My wife has an iphone 4 so I am going to compare inspire 4g to Iphone4.Pros: Larger screen is very nice. Although you can see the difference when I compare it to Iphone4 side by side. But otherwise the screen resolution is quite good.HTC sense is simply beautiful. Apparently it's their newest version.Adroid 2.2 is a refreshing change for an iphone4 user.I had one interaction with HTC call centre and they are helpful.the 8Mp camera is quite good and photos look great on the larger screen.Cons: I did not have much of a problem with the battery cover, as described in the reviews, but the sim card cover broke when I tried to open it. I was very careful after seeing the youtube videos. but it is made of cheap plastic. So much for the solid unibody construction.- Of course no front facing camera- Iphone4 picked up the ATT signal at a weak signal area, but Inspire got no signal.- screen hung up once in the last 2 days, but that was probably because i had too many apps open.it is not a top of the line phone, but I think it is a great value for money at $70.

I loved my phone... at first. Then people started saying they couldn't hear me. Then my pics and music started disappearing. Then my calls started dropping. Now,the dang thing will not charge!!!  IDK what to do!!! I don't want to go back to Iphone, I love android market,but hate this phone,and do not know what android to pick next!!!  All these problems are common with the inspire,just google it,and do not buy this phone!!!

I ordered this phone by accident (clicked on the wrong line when ordering, two similarly-named similar-looking Android phones right next to each other, thanks Amazon), and got this phone free with a 2 year contract. After living with it for two months, I'm glad I didn't pay money for it; it's not worth it.The good: it's cheap, and it's reasonably fast.The bad: First, it weighs a ton. Apparently what lots of reviewers mean when they say "sturdy" is "can be used in place of a brickbat as a melee weapon." The screen is almost impossible to read in anything resembling daylight. And, and here's the most serious problem, the battery life is awful -- 4 hours talk time my foot, I'm doing good to get through a 1 hour phone call on a battery charge. It's also only barely good for maybe an hour, hour and a half running any navigation app; as soon as the GPS antenna icon lights up, I can watch the battery gauge visibly drop. It was even worse before the Gingerbread update. I ended up spending the money to get two spare batteries, because three full batteries are just barely enough to get me through the day.If I could send it back and get something with an AMOLED display, like theSamsung Infuse 4G Android Phone (AT&T;)I *thought* I'd ordered, I'd do so in a heartbeat.

I've used Windows phones since they came out and the horrible Windows 6.5 OS on my last phone (Tilt) forced me to Android and I'm not looking back. The storage is great, keep an eye on battery life - I have to charge this phone more than any others. The phone is greatly stable, no crashes like my Win 6.5 phone. I'm hoping this phone will last me more than 2 years, unlike my previous devices.M&M; was correct, Tilt was Windows 6.5 NOT 7. My mistake.

When I first purchased this phone I was so please, 7 months later the phone would randomly shut off and sometimes restart. Also it freezes and I can only get it going again if I restart the phone and at times it won't let me so I have to pull out the battery to reset. Not even a year and the phone is a mess!

This is the worst phone I have ever owned, it worked for 45 days 15 days over the return period with amazon, after that battery issues for example I have not hacked, dropped or got the phone wet not installed and unauthorized software or anything so 46 days in the battery stops charging to full only half way, with the charger in the wall? Then when I charge or attempt to I get a ! on the battery indicator and it would not charge at all. So I call HTC my "first mistake" tell them the problem and they send my a new battery so I say great and thanks problem should be solved right, wrong it does the same with the new battery. So the next step another call to HTC they say send the phone in on my dime to fix the phone not happy with this I say ok at least I can get it fixed right? So I send it in three days shipping to them two days for them to work on and two days to ship back to me and the put a nice screen cleaner in the box for me and a usb thumb drive thank youBut they did not send me a phone that works it still does the same thing are you joking me they sent back a phone that does not charge which they checked out and said was good to go so three and a half weeks into this nightmare they sent another battery and they are sending a pre-paid box to return the phone again at what point are they just going to replace the phone? This is the worst experience I have had with any phone's I've purchased this is my first and last HTC device. Think hard before you choose this phone if you have to deal with HTC "non-support" you are in trouble next time anything elseUPDATE after cell hell HTC finally did what they should have done in the first place replaced the phone and they phone works without any problems

I had great expectations for this Android phone. But to be honest my Android experience has bee less-than-spectacular. I have found many aspects lacking in email support on Andriod (2.2). First, the Active-sync abilities are poor at best. Most users (me included) report that they have numerous problems with Exchange email sync. I personally have not been able (despite many attempts) to ever get a clean sync. Another issue is the lack of HTML support in email. if you like plain text email then you will like Android. One other thing is this is a BIG phone and you might not like that. I personally didn't have an issue and actually liked the whole package. The speed was very nice and it seemed to work well on AT&T; at nice speeds.I have decided to go back to Iphone as the Active sync with Exchange works very well and the HTML features in email are very pleasant and similar to using your laptop to do email. By the way I have also attempted to try two other Androids after the Desire (Dell Venue and HTC Inspire 4G). Both are Android 2.2 phones and both has similar issues with email.Bottom line...If you are needing Exchange support from your mobile phone you may want to skip Android.

Ok , The HTC Inspire 4G delivers all what it promises , the 4.3 display is awesome , the android 2.2 (froyo) is great , the phone is super fast with no lags , the only draw back is the battery life ( which is also as promised in the specs 1230) , but it is not enough for heavy users , all in all this phone is a great experience and i recommend it very much .

This is a great phone with an awesome screen.  It's a little big and heavy, but once you get used to the size you'll have a hard time going back.  My old Nexus One feels puny in my hands now.Pros:- Big and clear screen that works surprisingly well in direct sunlight.- 2nd Gen snapdragon is fast.  Not dual core fast, but fast.  And the kernel source was just released, so watch for overclocked kernels soon.- Feels super solid in your hand.  Doesn't have that cheap, plastic feel like other phones sometimes do.  This feels expensive.- Under a hundred bucks on contract, without any rebates involved.  Awesome.- Once you uncripple the radio and get HSUPA back, the internet on this is pretty fast.  Not really "4G" fast, but fast enough for my needs.Cons:- You have to uncripple the radio if you want HSUPA speeds.  Instructions are on the XDA Developers forum, but they aren't for the faint of heart.- More difficult to root than some other phones.  This one requires a "gold card" microSD, which isn't too hard to make but the whole process will scare off a lot of people.- Power button and the top speaker grille are right next to each other, making it difficult for case manufacturers.  The power button will usually be right up against the plastic there, making it more difficult to press.- No sideloading apps out of the gate.  This is easily worked around if you're savvy enough, but again most people will just put up with it.  Not cool, AT&T.;  Knock that crap off already.Basically, this is a great phone and the only real downside is AT&T; and their meddling with things that they shouldn't.  Once you get rid of their bloatware, their crippled radio and their restrictions on what apps you can install then this is a heck of a device.  I recommend it, but if you want to unlock its true potential prepare to spend some time on XDA and READ ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS FIRST!!!!

I was extremely aprehensive about buying this phone after reading the negative reviews.  I am new to the smartphone experience but knew that I didn't want to pad Jobs' pockets any more than they already are so I wanted an Android device.  I know battery life is said to be an issue with all smart phones, but most reviews say that this phone is particularly horrible.  I would have to disagree, if you are a moderate user like me.  I get more than a full day's use from a charge and I surf for approx. an hour or two a day and use apps/play games for another 1-2 hours.  If battery life is the only reason you are not considering buying this phone and you do not plan on using it as your primary business computer you should purchase this phone.I have been using the device for a couple weeks and could not be happier.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants a functional and aesthetically pleasing phone.

I bought a BB Storm in 2008 that lasted 3-years before the battery connection went bad. Unfortunately VZW thinks they are God. After receiving 3 different replacement phones over a six week period that didn't work, they were still billing me for my phone service and data package. Although I had a reasonable expectation they would take the service charges off of my account, they didn't. I told them I wasn't going to pay for service I couldn't use but they maintained their position. That's when I began looking for another carrier. I wanted to get another Storm but I couldn't find one. Neither could I find a different BB model that had a full touch screen...bummer! Because what I wound up purchasing last September was an HTC Inspire 4G with AT&T; service. I HATE THIS PHONE! I've had nothing but problems with it. I suppose I'm somewhat of an oddity because I'm not 'App-happy' - have you ever read the T&C; of any particular application? They want access to everything...along with the ability to make changes. No thank you!The primary issue I've had with this Android is even though I can switch out the Micro SD card (which is exactly why I didn't even consider the iPhone), unlike BB I can't choose to save to the device or SD card...I have to save everything to the SD card. Which is a problem when you need customer, product, and other such information available constantly and conveniently. So I've had to purchase multiple SD cards; however, trying to remember which storage card has what information on it is a virtual impossibility - certainly not convenient!Having said all of that, there's a financial disadvantage of having to settle for an Android as well. This phone's value is set at $600+. The BB Storm was no more than $350.

My first smartphone. It's awesome. Don't know much about other Smartphones. But I do know its too quiet at max volume.  I've been around a few others and they get much louder on speaker and in call.  Also I have to keep my hand away from the top of the phone or it won't allow WiFi which I hate because I love to surf sideways.  But maybe that's common.  Id say five stars otherwise.

I had this phone for a day. I tested the speeds and they're nowhere near what the FCC definition of 4G is. It uses 3G on America's worst network. If you want this phone on a more reliable network, wait for the HTC Thunderbolt on Verizon where you'll be able to use LTE which is REAL 4G!!!

I purchased this phone 2 weeks ago through Amazon wireless.  I was a little hesitant to order a phone online, so I called the toll free number and was helped by a very knowledgeable and pleasant lady.  She answered all my questions and walked me through the online ordering. I was very impressed with the great customer service.  I got the phone for $69 which was a great price.  The phone arrived in 2 business days.  Being my first smartphone, it took me a day to get comfortable with it but I love it.  I had two minor problems setting up the phone.  First, I was supposed to active it online through Amazon Wireless' website, but a message told me to contact my carrier which I did and it was activated immediately.  The 2nd problem was that when I ordered the phone online, I didn't choose a texting plan because I already had a family texting plan and the operator told me that it wouldn't change.  After I activated the phone I wasn't able to send or receive text messages and it took me a while to figure out that my texting plan had been eliminated all together so another phone call to AT&T to fix it.  No big deal. The phone works great.  I love the big screen.  Pictures are great.  I am not a heavy user but battery life could be better and I do have to charge it every night. If you are a big user, you will need an extra charger or car charger.  And finally, the only other issue I had was that 2 days after I received my phone, Radio Shack offered the same phone for $49.  That's pretty upsetting when I thought I was getting the best price by purchasing it online.

I've had this phone for about 6 months now, and I love it. Both of my brothers got one as well. None of us have had any regrets. In fact, my brother's girlfriend and my wife both switched to HTC Inspires after using ours.Is it better than the iPhone? Without a doubt. The Inspire is more like a small computer than a phone. An iPhone, even the new 4S, is more like an iPod. It is a very limited device characterized by rows of apps (many of which are more expensive than their identical Android counterparts). The Inspire, on the other hand, has widgets, can play flash, has multiple stores to buy apps from (including the Amazon app store, which gives you a different paid app for free each day!), had a much bigger screen, and costs much less.I have rooted my phone and put Gingerbread and HTC Sense 3.0 on it, and it is still running smoothly. Battery life is fine - I charge every night and get through every day without a problem. The screen still looks great. The only cons I would mention are the battery cover and the bloatware ATT installs on your phone and won't let you remove (unless you root the phone).If you've never used Android before, there is a small learning curve - but you went through that when you used a computer for the first time as well:-) Embrace the change, and you will be surprised at how much more you can do with this phone.

I had the captivate for a week it is a nice phone and i got my wife the HTC Inspire and i compared the two and i have to say i prefer the HTC inspire.pros 4.3 screen, real fast response, very durable, great camera, great features.cons battery cover hard to get off, battery life is just ok.

This has to be the coolest phone I've had to date.  I upgraded from the Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 to this phone.  Although I was absolutely in love with the Xperia, there were some troubling issues with their Timescape function that drove me crazy.  With this Inspire, there is nothing this phone cannot do, and do well.  I'm no techno scientist when it comes to cellphones by any means so this is definitely coming from an amateur as I don't really get swayed by cell phone hoopla and usually keep phones for years before upgrading but this was worth it.  The reason why I couldn't give it 5 stars is simply because, AT&T.  Customer service wise, they have proven to be worse than any provider I've ever had (Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint).  This phone hasn't been out very long at all and as of today, three of my local AT&T stores still have not been able to acquire the screen covers for this phone, nor the extend a life batteries which will be sorely needed because this phone eats up a lot of juice.  Way more than my Xperia ever did.  I'm charging this phone every single night since I've had it.  That's the only downside to this phone you'll definitely need the car charger, and the USB cables that come with it and have them available for use in each place.  Lastly, I had to make AT&T provide me a bluetooth comparable to the one's they were giving away with the bundle pkg that was 169.99 because again, THEY DIDN'T HAVE ANY.  Who sells new phones without any accessories people want (Case covers, extend a life batteries, screen protectors, etc)?  If I have to order these things from Amazon.Com I might as well had bought the phone from Amazon as well.  Hope Verizon's version of this phone (The Thunder I think) and Sprint's version (The EVO 4G) offers better customer satisfaction than AT&T SMH.  Anyhow overall, the pros far exceed the cons of this product.  But be warned, if you are a heavy data user and a heavy phone user, get the extend a life battery being sold on here for 34.99.  I plan to as of this writing.  It may help to find an unlimited data plan with this phone as well as you'll get addicted to downloading and running Android apps like I have.  Good job HTC.

Phone is great.handles apps very well. The only thing is that HTC Sense that it comes with, drains the battery with it's software bloatware.I rooted the phone (and flash the ROM), and without all the bloatware, phones screams fast & furious.Battery is enhance when it's rooted & when you flash a new rom into it. I put cyanogenmod 7 and it works wonders with the battery. (Last %35-40 longer than with the HTC Sense Bloatware)Overall I give a 4 out 5. (-1 star because of the battery constraints).It's not as sharp as a retina display, but still looks wonderful side to side versus an iphone 4.

These books are a little different reading material than I'm use to reading. They are fantasies like "The Maze" and I really liked it. Read both books in two days. Could not put them down.

Battery life: nil.  And that's after changing it 3 times.  If I have a full charge before leaving the house at 8:00 AM, the phone is dead by 1:00 PM.Reception: Never more than 3 bars anywhere and I live in LA, not Wichita.  I miss calls and it doesn't show who called, just that I have voicemail.  I miss one of every 3 texts people send me, or I get them hours later.Operating system: Slow, glitchy.  Apps disappear or shut down mid-use.Display: illegible in sunlight.Camera: garbage.If it weren't bad for the environment I would throw this GD POS into the ocean.DO NOT BUY.  THE WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE.

After moving to an area where Verizon does not offer coverage (yes, I didn't think that was possible either), I had to give up my Motorola Droid X and switch to At&t.;  The HTC Inspire is a great deal at >$50 with new service, and it is an impressive device even in lieu of the low start up cost.To begin, I like the physical appearance of the Inspire; the phone has a modern/retro look to it.  The screen and "standard four" Android buttons have a modern look and feel, and the sides of the phone remind me a lot of Sprint's HTC Hero, a device I previously owned and was quite fond of.  The back of the Inspire has a slight soft touch layer in a two tone layout; the battery door and SD/Sim card cover are black, while the rest of the back cover falls somewhere between brown/dark plum on the color scale.  From an appearance perspective, the Inspire falls between its cousins, Sprint's HTC Evo and Verizon's HTC Thunderbolt.  The Inspire is not as attractive as the Evo, but not as spartan as the Thunderbolt, and its unique appearance gives the device somewhat of a charm despite its girth.Speaking of the Inspire's girth, the 4.3 inch screen is a pleasure to use, and very comparable to that found on the Droid X.  The Inspire's screen is very bright and vivid, and colors look warm and sharp.  In bright sunlight, the screen washes out considerably and offers a few poor viewing angles, which is not unusual for many smartphones.  During every other condition, including light to moderate sunlight, the screen performed admirably.  In addition to the four standard Android touch keys below it, the screen was very responsive.  And finally, the Inspire's on screen keyboard is a pleasure to use; HTC makes excellent virtual keyboards, and the large screen makes typing messages that much easier.  But despite the phones physical appearance and screen performance, the rest of the phone's design is unintuitive.  The power key, used to light up the screen, is difficult to press due to the top of the phone being slightly sloped.  The volume keys, which are quite large, are also surprisingly difficult to locate by feel and are not the least bit tactile.  The SD/sim card cover on the back of the phone is easy to remove/install, though the battery cover is tough to remove and even more bothersome to reattach.  The charger/data port and 3.5mm headset jack are located at the bottom of the phone; some will find this pleasant, while others (myself included) will find it uncommonly problematic.Design quirks aside, the Inspire is a great phone.  Processes move speedily, applications open and close quickly, and transitions do not exhibit any lag.  This is to be expected from a device that offers a 1Ghz processor and 768MB of RAM, but a phone's specifications do not always perform as well in practice as they look on paper; thankfully, the Inspire is snappy and does not suffer from such a disconnect.As an Android device, the Inspire offers a slew of productivity and entertainment applications.  For starters, the web browser is on par with other high end Android devices and the iPhone's Safari browser. Push e-mail applications worked comparably well to several Blackberry devices i've used in the past, and you can download an e-mail application for several of the larger e-mail programs (Gmail predictably comes pre-installed).  The standard e-mail application required me to input additional settings, but once setup was complete, the application worked flawlessly.  Referring back to applications, there are many free apps offered in the Android market for productivity and entertainment; while I use very few of them, the Inspire did not have any trouble with lagging during any application I ran.  Multimedia functions on the Inspire were somewhat underwhelming.  Pictures taken with the 8MP camera look fantastic with adequate lighting, but otherwise were dull with an overcast tone.  And though the Android/HTC music player offered improvements when compared to other Android devices i've used, it's still much too bland for such a powerful, robust operating system.HTC augmented a well rounded device with impressive core functions.  The Inspire offered the best call quality of any At&t; phone i've used with the exception of the Motorola Tundra (and seeing as the majority of my friends and co-workers use At&t;, I have first hand experience with At&t;'s lackluster voice quality in comparison to other carriers).  Calls were crisp, clear, and have no GSM buzz, regardless of 2G or 3G service.  Signal strength was generally strong; I haven't dropped any calls with the Inspire, and its reception rarely seems to fluctuate.  Battery life is above average for an Android device.  When I use the Inspire moderately, I get about 26-32 hours on a charge, and during heavy use, the battery still gets me through the day.  Data speeds on the Inspire are comparable to other At&t; devices, and will greatly vary depending on your area and during peak times of the day.  I haven't gotten anything resembling 4G speeds on the Inspire, but in fairness, I doubt At&t; has any HSPA+ coverage in my area.  Their 3G speeds are about what I expected to achieve.The HTC Inspire is a good choice for At&t; customers looking for an Android device with a large screen.  It offers snappy performance, good call quality, and a well rounded suite of business and entertainment functions.  The Inspire has a few design flaws, but in terms of performance, everything that should work on the Desire works.  The Desire is not a groundbreaking device, but it is a stable, reliable performer.

I just got this phone at another retail store and so far im still getting used to the phone when texting it's a much larger phone than my previous phone. Everything is good about it except the battery life which doesn't last that long only about a couple of hours or less depending if im using it for playing games or talking on the phone. I especially like the 8mp camera/720p camcorder, it's really useful for taking pictures and you don't need a separate camera or camcorder anymore![Update]: I have now overclocked my phone by rooting it and installing cyanogen mod 7 on it, it's now at 1.5 GHz and i adjusted it so it only uses 245 Mhz when not in use so it uses less battery power. The overclocking feature is built into the cyanogen mod 7 and there are several other features that make this phone even better than it already is! I also recommend buying a zagg screen protector to protect the screen even though the screen is made out of gorilla glass.

I had to buy this phone twice. The first time, after having this phone 4 days, people could not hear me when I called. I finally figured out that if I put on the speaker phone I could communicate but it was garbled. The second time, I had this phone for 30 days and the same thing happened. Well, needless to say I sent it back and am now trying to reverse my upgrade so I can use my old Nokia(which has worked fine for 2 years). I can say that the HTC support for this phone was really good. I did it by email and they answered all my questions and helped me with understanding what I had to do to make the phone work properly. It's an amazing phone, unfortunately it has some bugs in it.

I loved this phone when I first got it, then it started acting up.  i have to battery pull at least once a week because the screen becomes unresponsive and the power buttons doesn't even work.  That is so frustrating.It does have a nice large screen, is pretty quick, and has plenty of useful features.I would not really recommend this phone to anyone from my experience with it

I love HTC smartphones and I love Android. When we recently switched to AT&T; from Sprint, my friends guessed I would get an iPhone. Not a chance. I considered a slick Motorola for a few minutes, but the Inspire had everything it had *plus* all the HTC usability I was used to. The choice was easy. Using the phone has been effortless.My first smartphone was the HTC Touch. It was also my first phone that used QWERTY, but it was all touchscreen. (Since I had never had a phone with a keyboard, I have never missed it.) My 2nd smartphone was the HTC Hero, my first Android phone. I already used Gmail and now use Google's calendar and other other apps. Having everything instantly synched with my online data was glorious.The Inspire is my 3rd smartphone. I'm not sure I would use anything but HTC and Android at this point, so I was glad to find Inspire is currently the best available for the AT&T; network. It's certainly not going to be out-dated before I'm ready to upgrade.I continue to love having an entirely touchscreen phone. From what I saw, there are fewer and fewer smartphones (other than Blackberries) with a keyboard, but I was looking only at the AT&T; store. I was surprised to see my 16-year-old daughter choose the Inspire since she has always insisted on a physical keyboard, but I think she was won over by how light & thin the phone is, plus the large screen. She has always had screen protectors on her phone, and we may put one on this phone for her, but my HTC Hero stayed scratch-free even though I carried it around 24/7 without a case or screen protector.Since our old smartphones are no longer with Sprint, we now think of them as simply WiFi devices similar to an iTouch. Even my first smartphone is handy as a kind of PDA.

After reading some reviews on this phone I could not believe that some people actually put a bad review!!!  This phone is so incredible that it could change a stubborn old ladys mind ....  Really.  I just want to say especially to the guy who lives in Baltimore , actually I want to say this to everyone who put a one star- IF THE PHONE DOESN'T WORK THE CALL THE COMPANY!!!! YOU HAVE A WARRENTY !!!! This is obviously true because everybody else ,including me - put a five star!!!  About the battery - if you use any phone ..including iPhone (trust me my wife has one) for five hours straight of course its gonna die that goes for everything!!!!  this phone is gold and unstopable ther isn't anything this pho.e can not do .. if your gonna put a bad review at least do it on something that's actually a flaw in design ,such as the speaker is on the back..  in my opinion ,that is the only thing wrong with this phone at all.  Almost went with Samsung infuse -only reason...  Front facing camera -  but if that the only reason go with this because it can do all the same stuff - final words -  this phone is classy

I owned an HTC Hero, a Legend, a Desire(Bravo) and an iPhone as well.The Inspire is the worst of them. It's huge, like a brick, heavy, quite inconvenient to keep it in pocket, even with a relatively thin case.The display quality is not so good, the colors are worse than on my previous generation HTC smartphones.The display is also very reflective, it cant't be seen in sunshine. I also don't like that all controls are on the touchscreen.The battery life is a joke. Even I use Juice Defender app, it can't keep running for a day. Actually, if I disconnect the charger at morning, it will die at early night.Sound wise the ringtones are not loud enough to hear when it's in the pocket or backpack.The GPS is also very weak, takes 5 minutes to find the satellite and often went out without reason, interrupting the navigation. The only help was in that situation to restart the system.The only thing was satisfying is the speed. Usually it worked quite fast, if worked. I would never buy again.Update: it's getting even worse day by day. I have to restart it every day 1-2 times. It fails to receive or start calls, fails to connect to Wi-Fi, etc. The most frustrating device I have ever used.Update2: It getting worse week by week. It's latest trick is to shutdown the phone every time I use the camera flash. It's not about the battery, because the same shit happens if the battery is full. What a piece of crap...

I got mine about three weeks ago.I liked the ideea of having an android phone.Well nothing wrong with that.But now comes the phone:First it is only half the normal modern phone.Only one camera? Why?.How about the speaker phone? The speaker has a very bad sound, it is not loud and not clear.Battery life is very bad,and i do not see a way to use a biger battery in the future.So, i will not buy this phone yet,i will wait ,and i will not spend one hundred  for this and the chance to loose a good upgrade.More to come.....

I got this phone couple of days ago and I am really happy with what I got. First, it was an awesome deal from AmazonWireless and got the phone within 2 days from the day I ordered.Initial setup was a cake walk and synced all social accounts in a fly. I have to say that having MotoBlur with my previous phone, I am so happy with HTC Sense. Its much more user friendly and easy to use.Hardware is amazingly fast and responsive and DLNA capabilities of this phone is definitely a plus for media sharing. Another cool feature thats useful is USB internet tethering from phone to laptops while on the go. Gorgeous display and quite good sound quality.Loving it!!

A very outstanding smartphone. However, there are two small problems: (1) the audio quality is not very good, (2) short battery time.

this is my first android phone after having bberry for over a decade and iphone for 2 weeks (hated the phone and email).i give high marks for the phone in general. speed/performance is night/day compared to my bberry torch.  screen resolution, apps, android OS - love it all.review focused on what is tempting to me to return phone - even after all positive impressions overall.first, the phone sound quality absolutely sucks.  i use the phone with either the speaker phone, or headset (non-blue tooth) and in both cases with this phone, i can no longer do so.  people tell me they can't hear me...when i switch back to holding the phone up to my ear, things are fine.  close to show stopper for me...as i use my phone for work for hours a day and can't afford to hold it up to my ear...second, the buttons suck.  i can never really tell if i am pressing down on them or not - htc needs to fixlastly, there is no mute button on the phone (hardware).  again, something i am finding it difficult to live with out and took for granted with bberry.  to have to look at the phone and navigate via the software interface ~4 clicks just to mute/unmute the damn thing is causing me to not really use it as a phone - which is crazy...

Had my Inspire for about 2 months now and I have absolutely no compliants. I learn new tricks everyday. I love the size, battery is manageable, the speakers r ok, and the memory size is excellent. I have alot of apps which all run smoothly. The bloatware from ATT doesn't bother me. I definitely recommend it.

Just gave up my iPhone4 for this HTC Desire 4G. I love the new found freedom with android OS over iTunes stuck iPhone4. Android is indeed awesome. The phone does come with lot of HTC and AT&T; junk which cannot be removed.I love Android over IOS but loved the apple hardware over HTC.Pros:1. Super fast phone - All apps open in a snap2. Big screen - great for browsing3. Great call quality - No more issues with antenna problems and proximity sensor3. Android OS is way better than the ios on iPhone. Can copy music and photos directly onto SD card4. DLNA supportCons:1. No front facing camera2. Not so impressive speakers2. Doesn't match the display on iPhone43. Very difficult to reach the volume rocker and lock buttons as they are at same level as the case4. Very bulky and very poor battery life.5. AT&T; has blocked the phone to download only from android market6. I barely get signal at places maybe because of poor AT&T; 4G network.Overall a great phone but because of the fact that it doesnt have a front facing camera, I will exchange this one for Motorola Atrix.

This is a nice phone. The battery dies after a day of normal use but all smartphones do. Talk to text is cool. Android is cool. I havent had any of the problems the other reviewers have had. The phone is very customizable. I prefer it over the iphone because it has a better camera and has expandable memory and call quality is better and no dropped calls.

After a reasonable amount of deliberation, my fiance Denis and I decided on the HTC Inspire when it came time to  replace my old phone.  Our decision was based on three major criteria: operating system, functionality, and reviews.  I expected a pretty good product, but have been pleasantly surprised - HTC's Inspire is an excellent phone.Here's why I love it:1. Android OS - OS preference (Android vs. iOS vs. Windows Mobile) is really a matter of personal preference.  I like Android because it's robust and efficient and because it doesn't tie one to any specific purveyor of apps.  Countless free and inexpensive apps add nigh-unlimited functionality.2. Functionality - three important features carried this phone to the top of the list of contenders.First, it works with ATT's 'FamilyMap,' a service that allows Denis to locate my phone (and thus me) from his (and vice-versa).  As the fiance of a cyclist who often puts in 50+ solo miles per day, it does a lot for Denis' peace of mind.  He feels better knowing that if I ever get stranded somewhere or am hurt in an accident, he can find me easily.Second, it doubles as a mobile hot-spot, allowing me to connect my laptop or tablet PC to the internet anywhere I have signal.  As a highly-mobile college student, I appreciate having the ability to keep in touch with my professors and peers and submit assignments from almost anywhere on earth.Third, the built-in GPS allows me to map and track my rides easily - very handy for my training plan as a competitive cyclist - and to use GPS-based cue sheets on long solo rides or brevets.  Mounted on the stem of my bike in its iArmbands holder, it doubles as speedometer, navigation system, and training tracker.  Brilliant.I was hesitant to adopt a fully touch-screen-driven phone, since I'm a textaholic and I've had some bad (if hilarious) results with other touch-screen phones (especially Denis' Blackberry Storm).  The Inspire's touch screen has allayed my fears.  No need to worry about my texts suggesting that I'm both illiterate and inebriated - big 'keys' track touch extremely well.Perhaps the best surprise, though, has been the excellent 8MP camera.  I was expecting crisp high-resolution pictures, but not the array of real-camera features packed into this pocket-sizes phone: auto- or manual focus, auto-or manual ISO, and a great deal more.  It also offers fun effects (I especially like the sepia-tone and black-and-white options).Battery life is better than expected, even with GPS turned on.  How long it lasts, of course, depends on usage -- some of my favorite games are huge drains, but riding around in my pocket or on my bike, sending the occasional text, and so forth, it's good for at least a full day-and-a-half without a recharge.Oh, the sound quality is also good.  On the rare occasion that I actually used it as a *phone,* my old phone made it ridiculously hard to hear whoever was on the other end.  On the Inspire, callers come through loud and clear.Bravo, HTC!

I have had this phone for only 7 months. I have had to get a new phone because it kept locking up, not ringing when it should, several dropped calls. Wish I never got this phone.

I've had my Inspire for 6 months and I am extremely pleased with it. As noted, the stock battery life is terrible! However, there is a setting that comes enabled on the phone, and turning it off makes the battery last all day and then some. Just turn off this setting: Settings --> Wireless controls --> Mobile networks --> Enable always-on mobileOn to the phone: At the time I bought it, this phone was the fastest phone at around $50. Its quick. Really quick for a mid range smartphone. Its noticeably faster than the Droid Xs that people I know have. The screen is great, and the data connection is fine for me (and I just have 3G where I live). This phone has great performance on every app I've used with it, including games. The performance is so good on this device that I don't really feel it would be worth upgrading to anything else until some apps come out that require a bit more horsepower.The phone body is quality for its price level; solid construction, mostly aluminum exterior. It feels nice and is surprisingly light for being a bigger phone. Its not up to comparison versus an iPhone in its design and exterior quality, but it does have the performance of an iPhone without the price.Highly recommend this phone, but right now I'd probably see if there was anything a bit newer or wait for a new phone to come out. This one is probably going to get replaced shortly.

I love this phone but, no front facing camera, low battery life and mine freezes sometimes and no one can hear me when I have speaker phone on. Those r my only complaints, I don't mind the weight of the phone. Its functionality is good. Easy to navigate the software on it.

I've had this phone for about 5 months and sure it may work for the first 30 days, but afterwards it's not a reliable device.Firstly the phone has terrible battery life on a basic usage it only lasts about 5-6 hrs.Secondly, the phone gets no reception and as I browsed through various ATT forums on the issue apparently I'm not the only one having this trouble.My story is as follows: I live in Baltimore, MD and a few days ago my phone no longer functions as a phone. Its has become an over glorified iPod touch. Basically no matter how many bars show on the phone I get no calls, no texts, I can make no calls and no texts.And I've taken pretty good care of my phone. Dropped it once 3 months ago and nothing was wrong.I've lived here for the past 4 years and I've had ATT in this location and an iPhone before this device. Then I upgraded to this phone and few months later nothing. It's a dead phone useless and I'm stuck with a phone that cannot make calls or receive calls.And I've taken pretty good care of my phone. Dropped it once 3 months ago and nothing was wrong.When buying your phone think about how it'll work out 6 months from now before you get into a 2 year contract you can't get out of.

Although I've just gotten this phone I realize that it doesn't pick up a signal nearly as good as my old trusty broken hinged LG cu515. The old 515 will have several signal bars on it and this super smart phone doesn't have any...ANY!!!! Granted I do live out in the country but if the other phone works out here then what's the problem ATT?While navigating the labyrinth of all the features, I've discovered that the interface isn't exactly intuitive. Between the navigational difficulties and the off and on signal issues, this hasn't been an enjoyable phone day.Next adventure: Tethering.Ok update: one month later. I turned it back in at the ATT store and the only regret I have is that I never got to use the "square" credit card app. Of course if I had wanted to use it I'm sure this little treasure wouldn't have had any signal.Let me just send out a big *SHAME ON YOU ATT*, spending all that money on advertizing and not enough on infrastructure to support this phone. I spent PLENTY of time on the phone talking to a bevy of "customer care specialists" who all apologized profusely for my problems. I'm figuring they have plenty of practice with the apologies. Also, what's with a company that doesn't mind you, the customer paying their salaries, having to wait 6 minutes for the next customer care specialist? They must have spent plenty on the studies to tell them just how much crap we would take.So I've gone back to a little old Nokia. I can get reception where the 500$ phone would still be saying "out of service area".It seems the first function of the Inspire isn't to be a telephone, but to be a small money making machine for ATT. I found it difficult to use while driving, impossible to punch a number in while holding it in one hand, but it did have the 3.5mm head set jack that allows you to use that universal plug. Damn all those other phones that have their particular headphones and adapters and all that. The touch screen takes a lot of getting used to as the "end call" button is right next to the dial pad and even after waiting 10 minutes to speak to one of those customer care specialists you can inadvertently hang up on them with one careless swipe of a thumb.... oh just imagine the aggravation. Another problem is that if your caller hangs up before you, in that split second when you press the button to hang up, because they've already ended the call, you'll call them back. Touch a name in the address book and you'll call them, even if you don't want to. Try to figure out how to save your numbers to the SIM card once they're "linked". I did say that the interface isn't intuitive.If you've already got enough stress and tedium in your life and live outside of a city then this phone probably isn't for you... it only took me a month to find that out.Oh and I never even got around to "tethering" as the service sucked so badly that there was no point.

I have used many different cell phones over the years.  Every 2 years when my contract expires, I always look around and do my research, in order to find a cell phone that has the best reviews.  During the Spring of '11, I began my search, trying to find a great smartphone to replace my older LG ENV2.  After doing hours of research online, reading reviews from individuals that were left, the best rated smartphone at the time was the HTC Inspire, at an astounding 4.95/5.0.  I decided to purchase this phone and needless to say, it has been the most disappointing cell phone purchase that I have ever made.The phone has a lot of great features and functions but I'm only going to cover the problems and issues that I have encountered.  Most reviews will cover the better features for this phone, and all those details can be seen in the listing description.  What they don't cover though, are the flaws.  I have listed out the major problems that I have faced below, just by using the ATT Inspire for the past 9 months.POOR RECEPTIONMy previous 2 cell phones I had (both LG models), I never had any reception issues and I have been in the same location for the past 6 years.  Usually, the phone obtains 3-4 bars of service (with 5 being the max) when at work or at home.  I have had numerous complaints from people on why I never responded to their text messages.  Well, there have been several texts that I never received, so there is a major communication error with even an average reception showing.  My wife has no reception issues on her phone (it isn't a smartphone).  Also, I have noticed when I'm in a larger commercial building, there is hardly any reception at all and sometimes there is no service.  It is unacceptable that I can't use my phone just because I'm inside a larger building, and this has happened on numerous occasions (reception fine outside of the building).BATTERY LIFEMost people reading the reviews will see the complaints about the battery life, and they couldn't be more accurate with this issue.  The battery size is decent but not the strongest out there for a smartphone.  For anyone wanting to play games, run apps, watch videos, or even talk on the phone for several hours a day, THIS PHONE IS NOT FOR YOU!!!!!!First of all, the screen size is large compared to many smartphones and the phone does provide great graphics.  After the first month of owning this phone and minimal calls, texting, games, apps, etc., the phone held a charge for probably 24-36 hours at the longest, depending on how much I used it.  Now, after only 9 months of use (only charging when it is needed), the battery charge barely lasts past 15 hours.  This is with little activity too compared to most heavy users out there.****Settings on my phone:  Background data turned off (prevents email updates), WiFi turned off, GPS turned off, Bluetooth turned off, Brightness Level turned all the way down!!, App Killer to close any running apps that aren't needed constantly, etc.  I have done everything possible to prevent any unnecessary use on the phone by shutting everything off.  During the day, I have to turn the brightness up just a little bit so I can even see the screen.  At night time, the screen brightness isn't needed but would still be nice.I can't even imagine how fast your phone would lose its charge if you turn the brightness all the way up (probably less than 1 hour with use).  The screen and graphics are really nice but you can't enjoy that without the brightness being turned up.  If I play a game for 1 hour (with all those settings still being applied), battery life will be drained.PHONE FREEZES / LOCK UPSince April of 2011, I probably have had to reset my phone over 70 times and that isn't a joke either.  On numerous occasions by only running one app or game at a time (I don't run multiple programs at once, always just one), the phone will completely freeze, not even allowing you to even turn it off through the power button.  These lock ups require taking the battery out of the phone, putting it back in and turning the power back on.  Due to how many times I've had to take the battery out of the phone, it has also caused my Otterbox case (which is way overpriced) to fall apart as the snaps won't go together correctly anymore.  There are numerous reports sent to HTC for this issue but the problem still continues as I had to take the battery out just a few days ago.  No smartphone should have this serious of an issue.There are a lot of other annoying features on the phone but I think some of them apply to many other smartphones too.  The sensor in the earphone on the phone is one of the dumbest features.  When you talk on the phone, if you take your ear off the earphone, it kicks the screen on automatically (unless you re-apply pressure with your ear).  If you take the pressure or even still have little pressure with your ear, the screen can kick on and you will likely end calls with your cheek accidentally.  This has happened to me numerous times (as well as other people I know) and I'm not aware of anyway to shut of this sensor.For the most part, phone freezing and poor reception have been the most significant issues I've had.  The battery life issue prevents people from even using it as a "smartphone".  Phones were created with all of the different abilities, to be able to use those specific features and apps but you just can't with the battery life this phone has.  There are higher mAh replacement batteries you can buy and I purchased a few different ones but received the same results (or worse) compared to the original HTC battery when the phone was bought in '11.  This was the first HTC cell phone I have ever purchased and I would never buy one of their phones again after this experience.  I have several family members that have different smartphones, and they don't experience ANY of the issues that I have had with the ATT Inspire.  What started out as a near perfect review rating when it was released, has quickly dwindled down to a much lower rating.

Yes, I hate it. I cringe knowing that I paid and continue to pay for this piece of junk. This phone has randomly deleted all of my text messages, it shows a picture of one person that I am texting but displays someone elses name and that person can no longer be found in contacts due to the mix up, the battery life is absolutely horrible, several applications are glitchy (which the same applications for an iphone never froze up), there are about a trillion applications that an iphone can get that HTC does not have available. It is not sensitive enough to touch, and does not respond when you touch something. The GPS is SOOOO bad that it doesn't know which way I am facing or what road I am on (yeah, REALLY helpful!) Text messages are very very slow to send and receive, and you have to type really slow to have the phone keep up with you. I could go on forever. It's CRAP.

Some of the more popular reviews say it best but after following some of the tips on this post as well as the android forums I am really becoming quite a fan of this phone.  Good Job HTC!!!

A good phone.  Large screen.  The processor is fast. Some minor problems.  Overall, the device is good.

I was ready to get a three of these for a family plan.  This looks like a great phone, but today AT&T; confirmed they disabled the HTC Inspire 4G and it will not be HSUPA capable (HSDPA is download and HSUP is upload speeds). So while you may see speedy 3G download speeds of around 2Mbps, you'll be stuck at 200kbps to 300kbps when it comes to uploads (HSUPA is estimated to be around 1.5Mbps) if you don't have HSPA+.  Evidently AT&T; has been doing this to all their Android phones... but not their iPhone.  (HTC Inspire 4G also will not work with the soon-to-be-rolled-out, AT&T;'s LTE or Long Term Evolution, which has to potential of someday getting true 4G speeds, not the redefined 4G speed allowed in the U.S.)  Hopefully AT&T; gets some backlash and they correct this internal disability they force onto their Android phones and put this HTC Inspire 4G phone back how HTC intended. But for AT&T;, the HTC Inspire 4G is capable of significantly faster upload speeds.  That's crazy AT&T;, and wrong.It's a NO BUY from me until AT&T; stops disabling their fast upload speed on Android phones while leaving iPhone speeds as intended.

My husband and I just recently replaced theApple iPhone 3G 8GB - Unlockedwith these HTC Inspire 4Gs. I have to say they are a huge improvement but there is a huge learning curve. I am pretty tech savvy and I've been having a lot of problems learning out to use it. It has a lot more options than the iPhone and it comes pre-loaded with dozens of apps, almost all of which I didn't need. Some of them just led to a screen promoting a service from ATT. This I did not like at all.However, it does get 3 stars because I think if you were incredibly tech savvy you will love this phone. It has a large screen and lots of personaliazation options. There are tons off free apps that can be downloaded if you went with the Android platform. I would steer clear of this phone if it's the first smart phone you're getting, however, if you're pretty knowledgeable on smart phones, or you don't mind reading a lot of instructions and documentation, go for it!

My first smart phone was a HTC Desire and i LOVED it.  Then Alltel went to AT&T; and i had to change phones and i went to a samsung focus.  I Like that as well. Clear voice and speaker phone.  But i missed the HTC Desire so i traded up for the HTC Inspire.  I thought i had the perfect phone.  But.  As much as i want to like this phone, it just misses the mark.What i like about the phone:1. Love texting on this phone.  Love group texting.  Love the voice to text.  Love the big key board.  great phone for texting.2. love google and the internet on this phone.3. love android.  Great operating system and great apps.4. its a little thing, but i like the flashlight. (Something that samsung focus doesn't have.) Flashlight using the LED flash.What i don't like about the phone:1. voice quality of speaker phone.  No one can understand me on speaker phone.2. voice quality of regular phone. lacks quality and clarity.3. my local weather on the screen says i am from paju-si.  the google map also says i am from paju-si.  I have no idea what county that is?  I am from North Dakota.4. Ring tone is way to quite.  I can be right next to the phone and can't hear any of the alerts.  i miss phone calls and in coming text because it's to soft.  i have played with different ring tones. All are quite and no real way to make it louder.  All the settings are set to the loudest setting.5. speaker for watching anything on the internet lacks quality.I really want to like the HTC Inspire.  nice picture. nice quality phone.  love texting with this phone.  But as much as i love all the little things.  I need a phone that i can hear and be heard.  (Not possible? hear the voice quality of the samsung focus. and the speaker phone works great.  but texting isn't as easy on the focus. also internet lacks on the focus. - great picture.)I also hope that maybe its the phone having problems and i can replace it.  I am sure Paju-Si is a nice place.  But when its the middle of the night in North Dakota.  I have a bright sun shining on the home screen of my phone.Any ideas on how to reset or fix these problems? please respond.  Thank you.

The ATT/HTC Inspire 4G is a lovely and sexy phone, but is not anywhere near ready for a serious business user.  I've invested many hours into the phone during this past week, but have been unable to achieve reliable Outlook or Gmail synchronization. Weak email and phone features, plus a basic phone bug didn't help either.  What a disappointing waste of my time.  I have returned this phone to ATT.Specifics:Phone bug.  The included Voice Dialing included app did not work out of the box.  The program failed on startup and gave an error message.  ATT customer service told me to repair or exchange the phone.  I've since found that voice search also did not work.Clunky HTC user interface.  Answering a phone call requires three separate actions:  turn screen on (button);  unlock phone (swipe screen);  answer call (touch on-screen button).  Two separate actions to hang up a call.  Much too complex - it's one movement on any other phone.Poor Microsoft Outlook synchronization software.  HTC Sync software (from HTC.com) is barely beta quality and simply doesn't work:  only one Outlook Contact folder gets synced (same as Apple's MobileMe, but far inferior to BBerry);  sync is not performed on full Contact names - it omits second and middle names;  the software corrupts my Outlook Contact folder with truncated Contact names;  not all new phone-created Calendar entries make it back to Outlook;  Bookmark sync has no effect on the phone's bookmarks;  HTC Sync software opens very slowly - takes up to 3 minutes on my business laptop while it says `Updating htc library...'  I corresponded with, then spoke to HTC support, who acknowledged most of these shortcomings, promised upgrades, but couldn't say when.Poor Gmail synchronization.  The phone, surprisingly, also integrates poorly with Gmail:  Contacts do not sync completely:  not all of my 3000 Contacts moved to the phone from Gmail;  new phone Contacts didn't always get back to Gmail.  (Contact Sync between my laptop Outlook and Gmail works fine with Google Apps for Business.)I had expected to spend time on setup, but was surprised by the immaturity of both the phone and its supporting software.  I am already a Google Apps for Business customer and find that it generally works.  But with a week of effort, I was simply unable to get this ATT/HTC phone to the point where I could use it for my business. It's certainly an attractive product.  But it is simply not ready for a business user.

I moved to HTC Inspire from iPhone 4 to enjoy the compatibility (ability to Sync) with Microsoft Outlook and Google Accounts.  Reception is better, and downloads are much faster on HTC Inspire than they were on the iPhone 4.  AT&T still drops my calls at least 2 or 3 times each day.  My biggest complaint with HTC is that I am required to have a battery charger nearby at all times - and I am required to charge the battery several times each day regardless of use.  HTC should come up with a firmware fix to address the battery life.  Not the "smartest" Smart Phone on the market (in my opinion).

Android:I am blown away by the all the different apps and features of the android in general.  I have not felt this shocked by a electronic device since I used the internet for the first time in 1995.  It is not as idiot proof as apple's operating system though.  I find myself spending quite a bit of time getting used to where all the settings are located for various programs- there are just so many options for everything.  This is fine for me since I consider myself relatively tech savvy, but for some users, this may be overwhelming.  Although I love this phone, I am recommending my 50+ year old parents to buy the iphone because I think the iOS operating system is much easier to use.As for this phone:It is my first android phone and I really love this phone, but it has some areas with rooms for improvement.  HTC did include all the features one could want in a phone.-Battery life is shorter than I would like in a phone- I charge it everyday.  My ipad on the other hand, I charge perhaps once a week. I wouldn't have minded a heavier phone if it meant a better battery life.-The battery compartment was also difficult to open initially(surprisingly so, I had to use a flat screwdriver to pry it open with quite a bit of force).-no front facing camera.-screen is beautiful.  Iphone4 has a slightly more beautiful screen though.-PRICE.  I got the phone for much less here on amazon wireless compared to anywhere else I have seen.  This phone puts a very high quality android phone within the reach of people(like me) who usually buys phones under 100$ with contract.-Speed- the phone is faster than all of my friend's android phones.  I am sure it won't hold onto this throne for a long time with all the dual core processor phones coming out this summer(2011).Iphone?For people who are thinking of buying an iphone- I bought this phone for the features.  I knew about its shortcommings(battery life, lack of front facing camera). Apple products are better designed(and more expensive), generally have less features- but for what it does, it does a little more beautifully(i.e. scrolling in my ipad is more seamless and smooth).  You get what you pay for in the end.  Android was a better fit for me and I absolutely love it- the things I can do with this phone does blow the iphone out of the water.  However, for many users(including my 50+ year old parents), the iphone will probably be a better fit.ATT:-ATT annoyingly does not allow you to tether this phone without paying an extra 20$ a month for 4gb.  But I heard there is a workaround that involves rooting your phone.  This is obviously not what the majority of people will do.  Sad that this major feature of android will be off limits to most people.-2gb/month gives me some anxiety about running out of data.  I've been using my phone conservatively(e-mail, web pages, occasional youtube video) and I am projected to use about 800mb, which is comfortably under the limit.  Still, I would still prefer an unlimited data plan.My previous phone was a blackberry 8300 without a data plan and I have extensively experienced an apple iPad that I currently own(which I assume is similar to the iphone in its features).

The htc iteration of android is by far the worst of all phones that I have used (moto, htc, and samsung). Some features on this phone make no sense. Try using the voice-to-text and rotate from portrait to landscape. It just quits the voice feature. Everytime it is plugged in in my car it goes to car mode. Well naturally you would think. But you can't exit unless you unplug it and it limits your features to just a few things. The update bricked my first phone and I've had to factory reset numerous times. Apps that can't be killed, battery that is dead before lunch, and a search feature that can't bring you to what you find is just icing on the cake.

This is my first smartphone and its really nice. I bought this phone after going through several reviews and looking at the price (I got it for $1 in cosco.com a month ago). The only complaint I got in the reviews is about the battery life. I have been using this phone for over a month, and has absolutely no issues with the battery. I am a moderate user of the phone and its battery on an average works for more than one and half day. I dont use the internet often and if you use the internet, as any other smartphones its battery life drains quickly. I have a wifi on-off icon on my homescreen, so that I can turn on wifi or mobile gps only when I am using them. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone. I pretty much like the customization available in android phones ( iphones are way behind in this regard).

this phone is awful and i will tell you y. Wifi reception is awful. really big. feals cheap. Battery is sub par. and it gliitches out way to much Doooonnnntttttt buyyyyyyy

I have had this device for almost a year, having upgraded from an old, reliable Nokia 5120.  I was wary of upgrading to a Smart device due to the costs associated with data plans and all I had read about iPhone receptions issues, but I wanted something I could use for occasional web surfing and more efficient texting.  I was assured by the representative at AT&T; that battery consumption would not be an issue as he used his every day and recharged it at night.  This was a concern of mine as I was accustomed to having a phone that went days between charges.For the first couple of months, this device performed well.  The screen display is absolutely outstanding, with rich, vibrant colors plus a display size that rivals the iPhone.  The device, as delivered, is loaded with many handy Widgets, and if purchased/acquired through AT&T; is unfortunately loaded with Widgets that cannot be removed (ie Facebook, Blockbuster, myAT&T;).  The 8 megapixel camera astounds everyone with its clarity.  The flash doubles as a handy flashlight, and the accompanying video camera application equals that of the camera.  Pictures taken in low-light surroundings tend to look grainy.As I stated, this devices was great for the first few months until I noticed the battery could barely last for a little over 6 hours of stand-by before requiring a recharge.  Several people advised that I install an App Killer, which scans for and deletes (kills) applications that stay resident in memory.  That was a fine suggestion that works great in theory but not in the real world.  I was told (eyeroll) that "not all app killers are the same" and to get "only the actual Android app killer", which I had.  No matter what, apps would re-spawn after the killer had been executed, and most times some apps would spawn within 15 seconds of the killer having been run.  After much frustration, I removed all of the extra Widgets (both Android store-based and third party) that I had installed.  This action had no effect on the battery consumption.  Another sure fire way to drain the battery is to momentarily get on the Internet even if the device is within range of a WiFi network.  Connections speeds (AT&T;) are agonizingly slow, akin to the 56kb dial-up days, even if all bars are showing.  Just a few cursory searches and web page visits will consume almost 20% of the battery.Talk time and usage are abysmal, at best.  Assuming the phone call starts out at 100% battery level the user can count on the reserve being drained to 50% after 45-minutes on the phone.  I live in a rural area that is populated with cell towers and never had an issue receiving a strong signal with my old Nokia phone either in my house or out on my acreage.  The HTC is quite the opposite, being able to find dead zones everywhere just in my living room.  If talking on the phone, while sitting in my recliner, and I move my head just an inch (no exaggeration) the call will be dropped.  If I answer the phone in another part of the room, I can hear the caller yet the caller will report that I'm either breaking up or can't hear me.  I literally spend several moments of a telephone call saying "Can you hear me now?  Hey!  Hello!  Can you hear me now?" while I move about the room to find a sweet spot.  Other areas of the house, even the front stoop, are even worse.  This device has even dropped phone calls while I have been out in Oklahoma City and rounded a curve on the highway.  Had my window been down I would have chucked it has hard as I could.  The message notification no longer works even though the settings to do so have been set and the volume adjusted.  I have even had the device boot up to the operating system prompt when powering it up.  I have no idea how to get the device to do that as I have no interesting in "rooting".  I want it to work, I don't want to be an HTC technician.Installing updates should be simple, but with the HTC they aren't.  The device notified me of an update sometime in November, 2011.  When I clicked on the appropriate prompts, something happened that it reported that it couldn't install the update and that was it.  I figured it would be like any other computer and the next time the device was cycled on/off that it would again notify me that the update needed to be installed.  Nope, it never prompted me again even though my settings are that the device it to actively search and notify me when the device has updates available.  I became increasingly frustrated with this device and its lack of performance and decided to return to AT&T; to demand to break my contract and get something different as a Smart Phone doesn't cut it.  The rep who sold me on the device was present and asked about the recent software update (which by this time I'd forgotten about).  He admitted that the device isn't easy to update and that it is a rather cumbersome task to handle manually, so he took the device aside and spent the next 15 minutes using the WiFi connection to install the updates that would "fix a lot of my complains" (power consumption, task saying resident, etc).  Unfortunately, the software update has made a poor performer even worse.  Power consumption is still poor and now the device has a flaw in that it will not send text messages to certain individuals in my address book.  I have since learned that this is a known issue (both AT&T; and HTC) but that neither has done anything to correct.  The dead zones still exist in my house (as well as other locations).  Some inquiries and requests for recommendations of members from some Internet forums I'm on have shown that other people with this device hate it as much as I do for much the same reason.  Also, don't be fooled by the 4G advertizing.  There are only about 10 cities in the entire US that are 4G capableIf you are looking for a reliable, well constructed device this is definitely NOT for you.  I am dumping this in favor of something I can use for texting, occasional e-mailing, and good gets reception along with respectable battery life.  If you're more interested in a neat toy, have at it.

This phone is great...as long as you don't want to talk on the phone.The colors are great.  I love the big screen.  I like the Android platform.  I like how it's more customizable than the iPhone.  There are lots of things to like about it.But you know, there ARE times when I need to use it not to play Angry Birds, but to make a phone call.  Then we have a bit of a problem.  I got this phone in August of 11, and I couldn't wait to get rid of it, because it was useless for making phone calls.This phone drops calls A LOT.  I mean, A LOT, even in the middle of the city.  Forget about using it in a rural area.  I had to buy a cell phone booster to try to be able to use it in my home, still only got one to two bars, and the person I was talking to often said I sounded like I was under water.  I've since switched to an iPhone 4; I get four to five bars with the booster and the sound is great, according to the other party.  Also, since getting the iPhone, I have four and five bars at all times in the city, whereas I didn't often have full signal with the Inspire--like two and three bars in heavily populated areas where cell towers were plentiful.The battery life is a joke.  Talk time for me was an average max of about 2 hours.  I tried letting the phone go completely dead, then not talking on it until it was fully recharged, to no avail.  On top of that, the battery cover is really hard to get off, and can be tricky to get back on again.  I've had to do several battery pulls because the phone just freezes up and will NOT do anything else.  That means having to reset things like ringtones for certain people.  That's another thing:  even when I haven't done a battery pull, for some reason this phone will decide to randomly assign a tone to a contact.  It seemed to like assigning California Dreaming to one of my contacts in particular.You're more limited than the iPhone as to how many apps you can have at your fingertips.  You can download them to the phone, but if your home screens are full, you have to go into the menu to access them.  It's also heavy; it's uncomfortable and unbalanced when I try to wear it with a belt clip, but to be fair, that could be the fault of the case (an Otterbox).To sum up, if you want a phone with great colors and a big screen so you can play games or read books with ease, this is the phone for you.  If you actually sometimes need to make a phone call, though, I'd avoid this one like the plague.

Pros:awesome phone with great look and feelvery good and pretty accurate touch screennice cameranot heavy for the builtoutlook sync without additional software or tool to buy (unlike samsung infuse 4G)phone can be mounted in PC using basic micro USB cable with various options pretty neatsome of the default apps came with the phone works pretty accurateThen why two star?Cons:Terrible terrible battery life ( I tried all the tricks, tips that was posted in every website )Could not make the battery to last more than 8 hours with very basic use, even if I don't usethe phone for 8 hours battery drains. It comes from 2/3 the battery level to almost zero in a veryshort period of time.It is like rocket science to open the door for sim card and SD card (i know we don't need to use thatdoor often, but still scared to open now)Battery door is worse then the SD card doorAt least battery is a deal breaker for me, it is going back.

I can't remember why I wanted this phone.  It looked good in the reviews, I guess. Having used it for a few months, I can say that this is a frustrating piece of equipment. The battery life is terrible even with minimal use and it seems to have slowed down a lot.  The big screen doesn't enhance it's usefulness at all and the memory seems to magically get used up so that when I want to take a picture I can't. It has done random unauthorized updates that have caused me to get overage charges for data usage and the 4G data speeds aren't very fast at all.  This phone is extremely frustrating and I would not recommend it.

Simply put, I did not like this phone. There are just too many compromises that I had to make with this phone. I got mine for free from At&T;, but ended up returning it and paying $100 for the Atrix- a less flashy phone but much more practical.To start off, the Inspire failed to deliver many text messages. It always showed a low reception, which also caused many dropped calls. The battery was by far the worst part if it all: the phone never lasted a full nine hours under medium use. In other words, using the navigator for 20 minutes in the morning, with a few phone calls, emails, and text messages killed the battery. I left work everyday with a dead phone. The notification LED was extremely difficult to see. The LED light is very weak and is hidden behind the speaker grille, which means the only way I could know if I received an e-mail was to unlock the phone... or sit in a dark room! If all this was not enough, the phone was way heavier than I had expected. At first, I tried to convince myself that it feels awkward because it's new and I wasn't used to it. But even after a whole two weeks of use, it still felt like a brick in my pocket.The phone was not completely unusable. I loved the high integration of HTC Sense with social websites and Picasa, the camera took amazing pictures with different focus points, and the Internet browsing was incredibly fast. I also found the keyboard to be very difficult to use despite the large screen, but that is a personal preference and may be due to my long fingers or ultra slip form. In the end, I had to return it for practical reasons: I needed a phone that lasted the whole work day... not a portable and sleek web surfer. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

my first smartphone and I am enjoying all the great apps and the 8 megapixel camera :D my girlfriend has the black one and i have the red one.

I have to say that this phone is amazing!  I switched from my iPhone that I have had for about 2 years to the HTC Inspire 4G (this is the first Android phone I have owned) and it was such a smooth transition.I love the features on it - the user interface, the ease of navigation, the speed, the call quality, screen size, picture quality, etc., etc.  There is not anything bad I have to say about this phone...except I wish there were more accessories.I'm glad I switched and I would HIGHLY recommend anyone thinking about switching from the iPhone to an Android phone to buy this is a model, you won't be disappointed.Love it! Love it! Love it!

I am beyond overjoyed on owning this phone.  I have always had 'dumb' phones with no data plan.  I made phone calls and that was it, on a small screen.  I decided it was time to take the plunge.  I am so happy I did.  It has the biggest screen of any Android I know and I really enjoy it being easy on my eyes.  It's attractive, well thought out, and an eye-catcher.  I had to get used to all the features and free apps it has and I am constantly asking myself "What CAN'T this phone do?"The phone is svelte and not too thick, it's really great engineering. I LOVE that it isn't plastic, it's high quality aluminum.  I don't mind the weight, I want my phone to feel like something, not a lightweight plastic shell of a phone.  I am done with those cheap phones.  I tried the iPhone in the store and was so happy with my decision to get this one!The 8 MP camera is shockingly good.  I have found I rarely use my "real" camera anymore (Panasonic DMC-ZS7); it'll probably be just for trips and rare outings.  (There you saved $200-300+)! The zoom, focus, and MP are great.  Video capture is great.  Within seconds I can upload to Facebook or email.  Shockingly easy!  It recognizes bar code scans beautifully!What I love is you can change ANYTHING about how the screens look.  Don't believe those that say they "hate this and that" about the screen.  There's 7 screens and they're all customizable!  Hate the clock?  Hold it down and drag it to the "remove" recycle bin.  Choose another clock under "Personalize..Widget..clock" and scroll through the options!The Google voice recognition app is shocking.  I have it as an app on my screen, I hit the button, say what I want to look up and it's usually right.The Market has so many free apps, I haven't paid for one app yet!The touchscreen keyboard took about a week to get the hang of.Plug in your headphones (not included) and you have an instant MP3 player and FM radio - you just saved $100-300!I could not be happier!The only negatives I can possibly think of is that the battery installation is really, really hard.  I had to get my nail in the corner of the plastic and virtually break my nail to open it up.  It could definitely be an easier process, but you really only do it once (hopefully).  2nd - I had all my apps setup on the screens and I went to change the theme and everything disappeared!  I was so upset, I am just leaving the theme as-is now.  Maybe I did something wrong?The only other problem was after a week the wireless stopped working.  I loved getting free internet in our home with our wireless setup.  I almost returned the phone I was so upset.  Google 'cyberphreak htc inspire' for our fix.  No problems since then.My husband loved my phone so much he got the same exact one, but instead of going through AT&T;'s website like I did, he bought it via Amazon and saved even more money.  It was effortless, it arrived, we activated it, done.  I thought it'd be way more complicated than ordering from AT&T; and it wasn't!  And he saved money!Don't think of owning this phone without a case!  I own the black body glove case and my husband owns a silicone case.

I MEAN I OVER LOVE THIS/MY PHONE. WHEN I FIRST SEEN IT I THOUGHT IT WAS BIG & DOOKEY,BUT THEN AFTER I SEEN EVERYONE W/IT I STARTED LIKING IT. THIS IS YET BEEN MY FIRST ANDROID PHONE & I WOULDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO IF I'D LOOSE IT. :(

I went from the iPhone 3g to the Inspire and have used it for a week. There are some features that totally bug me compared to my old iPhone.1. There is no visual voicemail with At&t;'s service. Remember how you could quickly scroll down your list of voicemails with the iPhone and listen to them individually, controlling everything from the screen? That's not available with the Inspire and you have to call in and listen to your voicemails the old-fashioned way. I think this is a real miss on At&t;'s part.2. Battery life is HORRIBLE, VERY HORRIBLE. Read other online reviews about this. I run out of battery too quickly compared to the iPhone. It has all these neat features and apps, but you can't use them for long. I optimized my settings for battery life, but this didn't help much.3. The home page with the oversized time and weather widget is unnecessary and prevents you from adding a lot of shortcuts/icons that you want and need. I'm sure there is some setting somewhere or some app I could search for to change this, but I haven't figured out how yet and I'm frankly, tired of messing with it. Edited to add: I want the clock and weather widget; I just wish there was an option to choose a SMALLER one.If you are generally happy with your iPhone and have been using it for quite some time, my recommendation is to upgrade to the iPhone 4. Going from the iPhone to the Inspire in comparison, the iPhone is easier to maneuver around and more user-friendly. It's easier to type, text, and use. You can't customize it as much as you can with the Inspire, which means fewer complicated settings, in my humble opinion.

Ok i really need some help o really want this phone but i need to know how to side load apps can anyone teach me can i'm new to the world of smart phones and when i watch videos on youtube they never actually show you the steps they just say all this stuff that i don't understand can someone please help me would greatly appreciate it.My email is clintonnewman19@yahoo.com
