
The power button stopped worked after just 13 months.  Apple warranty is pretty useless at that point.  I am never buying another Apple product again.  At least if an Android phone breaks, I didn't pay $300 for it.

I love the iPhone, and like always, there is room for improvement.With a few modifications, I've made this phone to suit me perfectly.First off, if you buy this phone and intend to use it with any other company other than AT&T;, you don't have to go through so much trouble with unlocking tools.If you're running bas band 4.10 you'll do fine buying a Gevey Sim. Don't buy them off of Amazon. Go to the ApplenBerry site to make sure you get an authentic one.Battery life is great! As long as you don't force your phone to never dim or lock screen, you'll get 7+ hours. I use it a lot for IMing and Facebook and I still manage to get this much battery life.One last thing, if you're not activating with AT&T;, you will not be able to FaceTime unless you jailbreak.

I purchased this phone abroad and not from Amazon.  For this amount the phone should be unlocked but it clearly states ATT so I would not buy an 800 dollar phone locked by Att when you can buy it from ATT for 200. Needless to say I love this phone.  I bought the iphone 3g with 8GB and quickly ran out of space.  Thought about going up to the 16GB but knew that it would be a waste of time money and effort so I sprung for the 32 GB.  [...]  Its soooo much better than the 3version. It looks a little more sleeker and thicker but its because of the change in the design.  Its a little longer too.  The apps are cool but the screen is like wow.  Now ATT will not tell you this because i asked.  The SIM card from your iphone 3 will not fit in the Iphone 4.  They changed the design for some reason to the mini SIM.  Well I asked Att to send me the new SIM for my Iphone 4 and they said NO.  LOL they said since i brought it abroad that i should get the sim card from where i bought it from.  So needless to say I got me a good sharp pair of scissors and cut all the plastic off of the sim card i already had and stuck it into my new iphone.  Powered it on and viola service. As soon as my service contract is over I am switching to Sprint.  [...]

Ive had this phone for over a year now and as far as a phone goes it's so so. Cuts out a lot. Hard to hear people talking. The worst thing is the new operating system. The OS5 sends your text messages via imessage if you are texting to another iPhone. This sucks your data plan fast. I called apple and told them my data plan was going fast it must have something to do with the new OS. They said no it isn't. Call AT&T.  I called AT&T and they told me first turn off imessage and walked me through a procedure that turns off all apps when you're not using them. It seems the new operating system constantly runs apps even when you're not using them. So if youre not near wifi your data plan is being used even if you arent using anything on your phone.  But the worst thing is the messaging. If you send a lot of text messages as I do I would highly recommend turning off iMessage. If you look on apples own website it even says in a little footnote "data rates may apply".  In other words Apple people don't know or won't admit this is a problem. If you have unlimited data plan no problem. But if you have a limited data plan watch out. Call your carrier and have them walk you through this or you will get a big surprise when your monthly bill comes.

The Apple iPhone 4 is amazing and we are learning how to use it which was made difficult by 2 major technical issues with the phone.  1.  The SIM card was not functional.  2.  it was replaced and then poor reception was discovered.  We are amazed that all the praise regards Apple quality appears to be false given the poor quality, "out of the box", by this device.  The salvation was Johnney at the AT&T store who quickly diagnosed the SIM issue and installed a replacement SIM card  and then discovered the poor reception and replaced the phone.  I suspect this phone has been circulating between the Apple tech service department and its resellers and Apple does not want to invest in tossing it or fixing it.  Given this experience why should we believe that Apple means quality ?

I am so angry right now First thing I tryd to do is set up a custom ring tone off of one of my songs. 3 hours of FAIL. Be warned.Second thing I tryd to do is text multiple people (which BTW is super easey with my old cheap phone) OMGDUDETHIS SUCKS I CANT TXT MULTIPLE PEOPLE WITH MY IPHONE 4s unless I go buy some apps

I loved this phone but had to return it because it dropped 80% of the calls I made.  I had an LG Chocolate and it never droped a call.  If you compare the signal strength of this phone with others it will be less and I showed the guy in the Gastonia NC store how it had two bars less that my LG and the Droid X on display.  I even bought a $300 signal booster which got it up to 4 bars at my office and it still dropped calls.  Verizon told me the antenna is in the stainless edge and a holder might help.  I decided to exchange it for the Droid X which seems to have a better antenna and signal strength.  In my opinion, the product is not ready for market.  Before you buy, compare the number of bars (signal) with your current phone and others you may be considering.  Btw,  tech service and customer service were awesome and they troubleshot the problem for over 3 hours.  After I realized it was the Iphone4, they were happy to exchange it within the 15 day window.  It was quite an inconvenience to exchange the phone and there was a $35 restocking fee, but it was better than the alternative of living with dropped calls for the next 2 years.  Sorry for the bad review, but if you can't complete a call what good is having the coolest phone in town?BTW,  I tried to leave this review on Verizon and after I left a 1 star review I was redirected to another page and the review didn't take.  After that I tried again several times and it said in the address bar "forbidden" when I clicked on leave a review.  I guess that would explain why the phone has a 5 star review on their site.  Don't believe it, try it yourself.  How unfair is that to consumers?

Great phone. My three year old tends to hog it because he likes playing the games. I have no complaints. Apple has my business forever!

As I tried to return this phone since it was a gift and the person had just received one, I never got to try it out.  I still have it in the box as it came.

The app may be a little xpensive, but buy the time-travel app. Right now im a millionaire because i time traveled back in time and bought apple stock, and i must have done something while i was back there because there are a lot less zombies here than when I left... youre welcome.

I had accidentally threw away an almost full bottle of Kettle One. Boy was I embarrassed having to go through the dumpster trash to find it. Thank Goodness I had my Iphone with the light app with me.

I bought the iPhone through Amazon last year during a trip to USA.As I live in Brazil, I needed to change operator from AT&T; to the Brazilian one. As it is still linked to AT&T; (but no plan involved), I need the AT&T; account number to request them to unblock the phone, so that I can updated it (without that authorization, the iPhone is automatically blocked when its software is updated).The problem is that I am trying to contact seller to get that info, but they do not reply to me!So I am still waiting for their reply, in order to get the requested info.

BE CAREFUL! This phone is under the unlocked phone category but it is NOT UNLOCKED. True, it does not come with a service contract, but it only works with AT&T in the USA. BE CAREFUL!

Hey, I just got my phone through Verizon a few weeks ago. Easy to use and when you click on the home button twice, the person on the phone can still hear you when you're looking up movie times on a different ap. Apple, you rock!

The condition is excellent and it is an Apple product so that says a lot about it. I really like my new phone and it's new version.

Bought the iPhone4 a couple of days ago and have JUST figured out how to type a text.  Because there were no instructions.  It took me quite a while to figure out all the beginning things too, like how to turn it on or off, and how to locate a keyboard.It has been very irritating.I rang someone by landline to ask if they knew how to type in the text box where you put the message.  We discussed it for a while.  They use an iPod which is apparently similar but no, they didn't.  They suggested trying the Missing Manuals website.  Missing Manuals turns out to be a site for utter geeks which has (for sale at between $11 and $25) highly technical books on things you can do with your iPhone.  None of which I want to do.So here I am, feeling cross, stumbling along, feeling a little as if I want to give the thing away (which is what I did with an earlier $1000 phone I bought, a Nokia, some years back, before I went back to my ancient Motorola which doesn't do anything except phone and text).I just wanted to buy a phone that sends and receives calls and texts, as my old phone did.Had it come with instructions on this, I would have been able to get back to the people who were trying to contact me the first day and follow up on tasks arising from that.I would also like to have been able to read how to be sure I am NOT using the camera/s.  I don't know whether I am photographing things or not at the moment (no Manual supplied with the phone).I still don't know what the iPhone's specifications are (is it 16 or 32 meg?)I still don't know how to remove the battery, should I want to avoid geofencing and other data traps set by unpleasant people to corral the witless into manageable herds.  (People who can read, and are following the Murdoch and News of the World case (despite distracting effects of other news events), I shouldn't need to explain this to you.)Should I need to get on an aeroplane, how do I turn it off?Dear Mr Jobs,You might think it is very cool to supply a gadget with zero instructions on basic usage, but I don't.  I am not likely to buy your boring tunes and apps (the only information supplied with it).  I thought I was buying a phone.Initially at least I just require a phone and texting device, one which works on celltowers, and one which I know how to turn off on planes and how to completely immobilize for when I wish to be undisturbed and untraceable.Okay, okay, I understand that one day I will read and do more stuff via my phone, (though I very much doubt that the specialised stuff I want to read is available on e-book applications).  I understand that it will slowly become useful as a camera and place to store print data.But it did not meet my needs this first few days.  You wanted to make me suffer.(What is the matter with the people at Apple?)

The iPhone 4 has become like an extension of my arm and brain. I use it for so many things, I wonder how I got along before it! Even though the 4S has a lot of new features I would love (and may get), I still can't believe the photos this takes relative to my expensive Nikon D7000. Now, at it's new discounted price, this phone is a steal!

The phone arrived as expected, but was malfunctioning badly from the first time I started it up. Knowing it was a used unit, I was willing to do the usual resets, firmware updates etc, but it just rapidly got less and less functional until about the 3rd day when it wouldn't start up at all. I took it in to an Apple store to see if there was anything they could do, and they said it had been disassembled and tampered with internally and that it would probably never work right again.Only good thing about this experience was the seller agreed to refund.

After spending decades running away from Macintosh/Apple products this Phone is Supreme!It may be time to look into a Mac again. It is so intuitive. Functions with such ease, and has features I could have only imagined would be available later. Coupled with AT&Ts ability to surf and talk, others can only imitate and never duplicate. I have no need for my other MP3 player, since I can talk on the phone with background music that doesn't interfere and with portable speakers have home, bedside, or office music that I like. With 32GB of memory you can include a few full length movies for those times when you have to wait in an airport or where ever. Access to the internet is almost as good as my laptop. it provides you access to secure sights not available with the Blackberry. Given that it is a phone, I realistically don't expect the same speeds as bigger computing media but this is perfectly adequate. Don't know why I waited so long, but glad I took the leap.

I've owned this beautiful iPhone 4 for a month now. Great looking phone with a faster processor then the 3G that I had before. Everything runs way faster and smoother. I haven't had any problems with dropped calls and its a huge difference how fast apps load and everything runs from my old 3G. A must buy if you still have a 3G iPhone.

I bought this phone back in March, when there was no unlock available for it.  So it sit in my house untouched.  Granted I had already had a factory unlocked 4S.  Anyway, a couple of weeks ago I remembered that I stuck in in my dresser drawer until there was a way to unlock it from AT&T.;I found a website, [...] in which you pay $60 to a company in the UK and they'll unlock it via the IMEI number so when you log onto iTunes it will be recognized as a factory unlocked iPhone.  Paid the $60, boom.  Gave it to the wife and she loves it, and we're now on T-Mobile.So, back in March I paid $330 for it, plus $60 = $390.  Which is $110.00 cheaper than what it's being sold for today.  Very happy with this purchase!

Bought the phone and received it in apparently new shape. ATT activated it. Upon use the ear speaker was dead. I called Worldwide distributors and was told take it to Apple it's still under warranty.I took it to my local Apple store. They hooked up the phone and it was actually used. It had been purchased 44 days prior to someone else. FortunatelyApple replaced my defective phone with a brand new one and did not concern themselves with the prior owner.I am not sure what the deal is here but "technically" these are not new phones!!! I was lucky and had one replaced with a new one.

Does anybody knows if this Iphone is CDMA or GSM?I want to buy it, but I need to know it first.

I've had this phone for about a year and a half now and I'm just done with it. To start, I didn't want this phone but my mom bought it for me and now I have it.  Originally, I liked it more than I thought but I didn't want "just" a touchscreen.  It worked well and generally did what I wanted it to do, provided that it wasn't too difficult or too many things were running on it.After about a year (ironically when the warranty ran out but not the contract), it start having issues.  Most of them were first world issues (ie problems that were annoying but I could live with).  Such as my iPod stopped sorting songs alphabetically and wouldn't let me scroll through the songs anymore.  The man who worked at the Apple store had never seen this problem before, which is encouraging.  Then the center button stopped reacting to my touch.  It only works about a quarter of the time.  Still, annoying but manageable.  Then my phone would stop ringing and would not let me know if someone had called until half an hour after they called.  Even when I had full bars.  Thus rendering actually having a phone completely useless.  Yesterday, I tried to turn off my passcode and it changed it from a simple code (4 numbers) to a long code (a word).  And it will not turn back.Last night, I had the joy of restoring my phone.  The newest iTunes update fixed my iPod and the phone calls and the center button works up to half the time now.  But the pass code will not turn off or change back to a simple passcode and now it will not send messages occassionally.  This could possibly be the phone service but I think it's the phone since my sister (who also has an iPhone) is not having any of these problems.Its really not worth it to pay upwards of $300 for this many problems that Apple can't fix and its such a limited screen display as well as applications.  I suggest you spend that $300 on a quality phone that does more or even $100 on a phone that does the same thing.

YOU HAVE GOT TO BE INSANE TO PAY A THOUSAND DOLLARS ON A PHONE!!!  I love the iPhone, but, thats JUST CRAZY!

Excellent product and provided highest standard of customer service. Kitsa service made me to write first review in my life.Really awesome!

Does the IPHONE 4 AT & T has the hot spot feature i just perchase one but it didnt say if it had that feature.

As these iPhones progress they just keep getting better and better. If you have had an earlier iPhone you will be able to work this one as well. The nice thing about apple is when they make their next gen. of phone you don't have to relearn the hole phone again. The new phone will run just like the older one but with more kool and better stuf. I compare it to driving a Toyota. If you drive a camery, and upgrade it to a newer model the new one is still set up inside just like the old one but with nicer stuf.I started out with Apple using the iPod touch. Loving it I figured I'd try the iPhone. Well I love it too. It is so user friendly and easy to navigate that it is a no brainer of most everything. But at the same time the iPhone is full of very useful things. It is really a pocket computer. To put it simply.If you are a real computer tech, it may not have some of the things that the droid has, but you don't have to spend a month or more to learn the thing either.If you have any other Apple mobile product and you like it, you will love the iPhone as well.

I love this iphone. I gave it as a special gift to a fren in college doing end of the year exams. This iphone was able to provide all the technical support he needed to do very well on his exams. Thank you.And had greatly improved his ability to communicate with me & the world.Buying used has been very helpful to both of us because of the various economic challenges of todays world &our limited finances.Thank you

I got the product early i can't complain about it the thing is that when i open the box i noticed that only the iphone was genuine, it was a real iphone 4 brand new but the head phone were a cheap copy and the usb cable both of them were fake the headphone jack doesn't even fit on the iphone and i have a hard time putting the charger plus there was no apple stickers and for an apple fan like me that is kinda lame and disappointing.

Amazon was cheat me .they did not tell me really Information about iphone then after i buy it the change the Title they write Beside it (AT&T) >>>>where this before >>>now I know this Iphone was block >>>> this is the steal a real steal

it is a nice phone but never came with directions on how to use it and also had to order the special simms card from at&t to get the phone activated.

Item was in great, as advertised, condition, and had all the accessories / attachments as disclosed.  Item arrived timely and everything with the transaction went smoothly.

I love my Iphone, mine is 64gb. It does cool stuff, the ringtones are so much better than the feature phone I used to own but...The battery life is terrible, even when you follow sage advice on the matter. I carry the charger and two extra batteries.Also, the "Icloud" way to play music is annoying and you have to be connected to Wi-fi to get it to work well, it doesn't seem like you get to pick the songs you actually have on the thing. So I carry an Ipod classic and listen to that, instead if I'm not expecting an important call.I have lots of fun with it, but I wish they had a big version to keep all my music on for real.

This is where you become their slave.  You cannot activate this thing over a phone period, not even a working phone number included to activate.  Yes, that's right, lots of paperwork and no phone number.  Force you to install ITunes to activate, phone has built in spy features where they make money off of you - read the news!!Not everyone uses windows or apple, ITunes don't install on Linux.Ok, so I play their game and go through 3 hours of hassle to activate, then what?Well, they have too much private data already, YOU MUST ENTER YOUR BIRTH DATE to activate.  More of the "we are going to make as much as we can off of you"Now lets talk about the phone.  The text is so small it is way too hard to read, I'm not 50 yet and don't need glasses when I read so what does that tell you?This phone is going back.  Steve, glad your not here because I would make it fit and enjoy doing it!!

This iphone is locked to AT&T you get same one at Best Buy. What's up with the price 600 plus wtf. I rate this 5 star  just so you can read this message.  Don't be fool by the 5 star rating.

after a year of using it, I think its a great phone and the seller was good too cuz I got it like new even when it was used

The company policies on this phone suck!  They are expensive, when they die, or stop working due to accidental mishaps, you are screwed, unless you have the cash to pay for it all over again!  not worth it.  Mr. apple,move over, your not the best anymore.  People out there are replacing your phones for ones that are just as good, or better, without the little apple.  Why don't you change your icon and make it a lemon instead!  Just another expensive toy. What a rip!

The Apple iPhone 4 is the best iPhone that has been released so far.  On top of being able to do all of the things that the previous phone could do, there are several new features that enhance the iPhone tremendously.  The new iPhone has a camera with flash and can take HD quality pictures, or videos on the back of the phone.  It also features a front-facing camera that allows the user to video chat with someone else on a phone or computer that has the ability to video chat.  My favorite new feature of the iPhone 4 is the retinal display.  This new screen display is absolutely incredible because it enhances the quality of anything you are viewing on the iPhone about 10 fold.  On top of all the new features, the Apple designers made the phone more rectangular and an overall new outer body design.  The new design makes the phone feel more comfortable and sturdy in your hand.  Having the metal bezel around the rim, makes me feel like the whole quality of the phone is better and not as cheap feeling as the old plastic type backing on the old iPhone.

I didn't have a chance to rate this product and the seller due to extra working schedule. My iPhone 4 32 gig worked PRESTINE since DAY 1!!!! The only little issue I had was to have the device recognizing the carrier (T-Mobile). I am enjoying a GREAT PHONE with an GREAT CARRIER, thanks to an AWESOME SELLER: VERY HONEST!!!! I STRONGLY recommend this SELLER!!!! Sorry for the delay on my review. I hope it can catch the eyes of a potencial buyer for Christmas!!!  Tank yo so much for the product and for the FANTASTIC PRICE!!!!

I live in Florida near Flagler College and my iphone 4 reception does not work at all in my neighborhood.  I went to the local AT&T; store and told them about my problems.  They told me to call customer support to get out of the contract.  I called and AT&T; rep told me at first they would release me from contract for free since I should not be paying for a service that doesn't work.  I explained that even though I got the phone on a 2-year contract, I had already had paid for 3 years of less-than-adequate cell phone calls.  Now it has gotten unbearable and is killing my business and a pain for maintaining friendships, can't call or receive calls from anyone.  The only calls I can receive are from my land line, and I can only make outgoing calls using skype from my computer.  The AT&T; rep I was on the phone with was trying to convince me that my phone was working since I was calling her from the phone- it took 5 minutes to explain to her that I was using the Skype app to make the call using my home wi-fi.Customer service is programmed, they don't take anything on a case by case basis, and it is painfully clear that many customers are experiencing problems and that they don't want to maintain their towers- they would rather just take money from people without providing proper service.  A discounted phone is not a good deal if the reception doesn't work!  I basically am stuck with an ipod touch since AT&T; has no reception and drops calls.  I offered to give the phone back since the service doesn't work, and they wouldn't do that either.  I even asked to speak with a manager, because its common sense that no one should have to pay for a phone that doesn't work.  She gave me the same programmed line about 'policy'.  What a headache.For the record, everyone I know with AT&T; experiences similar problems here, even without iphone.  This review is based on AT&T; cell reception, not the phone itself.  Other phones on AT&T; work just as poorly here.The dropped calls are a pain in the back.  Every call it reads 'call failed' and I have to call back 4 times to finish a conversation, or just wait until I can get wi-fi and use skype.

It's a shame that apple restreindre some of their amazing products so users have to use methods like jailbrake an unlocking that some times limits the usage of the products worldwide.

The phone was in excellent shape.  It is a great phone and works very well.  Am enjoying the extra memory in it.

Great phone on AT&T;! For people upgrading: I had an iPhone 3GS 32GB before this, and I enjoyed that phone, but once you see the display on this phone, you won't be able to go back!!Pros:Retina Display (960x640 pixels, 326 pixels per inch)- AMAZING QUALITY.FaceTime Camera- Not best picture quality, but good for FaceTime with other iOS devices.Everything about the iPhone- The App Store, mostly. Lots of great apps compared to Android App Store and others.Cons:Heavier than iPhone 3GS- Yes, it is. People love the "PREMIUM" feel of the iPhone 4, for me, I think I liked the lighter iPhone 3GS.Prone to shattering glass on front AND BACK, because there is glass on back.NOTE: The antenna is not that bad if you put a case on it, the death grip only happens when you actually hold it with your hand.Great phone, overall 9/10 in terms of blow-away display, 720p video recording camera on back, and glass/aluminum finish.

Maybe it is very lat to put review on this phone, but the home bottom didn't work properly and I had difficulty using it!

After about a year the lock button on my phone went limp. You have to press really hard to get it to work. After that went the home button. It thinks it's permanently pressed in so voice control randomly pops ups or it will close out of whatever I'm doing because it thinks I'm hitting the home button. Then apps started crashing all of the time. Most recently it will only turn on when it is plugged in-even with a fully charged battery. Though it did what it should initially, overall the phone is junk, complete and total junk.

Thanks so much for the iphone 4, its working awesome so far and its just awesome.. lol once again thank you so much for it

My iphone 4 is the best phone i have ever had. Anything you want from a phone, this one can do! I came from the droid system and will never go back

The iphones do not come unlocked / unblocked when you see a carrier logo after it. So you are unable to use another carrier provider. BEWARE OF THIS TYPE OF ADVERTISING UNDER UNLOCK OR UNBLOCKED IPHONE USING THIS METHOD. The iphone that was sent to me by the seller came with a used sim card with an outstanding balance on it of an account that was opened and closed before I even purchased the phone. (Information I received from AT&T) The seller now tells me "...We are also unable to match your IMEI to our records to try to assist you." So I would like to know who took my money for the purchase of the phone, did I get phone from one of their employees who put their phone in my shipment, as it is not registered with them, as they are the only ones with access to shipping the iphone to me. A mystery that will most likely will never be solved. BEWARE

the services is great, the product is like its been described just that i didnt get my earphones but apart from that great job,i got my product before the time scheduled, thanks

The seller WorldWide Distributors don't give good service. If you want to unlock your iPhone and you ask them some info, they won't give you any info. They don't mind. I asked them three times for the Invoice number, contract and cardholder name and they always answer the same answer "We can not provide the information you are requestingYou purchased a locked phone,thank you". They don't mind your problem. Very bad seller service. Becareful with this kind of seller. Don't buy to this kind of people.

iPhone 4 expanded the possibilities to communicate, learn, and share while on the go. My life has been completely changed since the day I bought my first iPhone. With a huge library of apps available (majority for free) through the seamless app store, there's almost always a solution my needs. Its camera is great. Calls don't drop like many complained when the phone first came out. Still I would prefer Verizon over AT&T as a carrier for this phone. If you are not ready to pay for 4s then you must get this version.

Story in short ->1. The first moment I see this stunning beauty iPhone 4: I said WOW! I am totally in disbelief mode how one can make so beautiful thing. I am in total love with the lady.2. After living with this lady for some days: How could God (Apple) create so beautiful with ugliest heart!!! I mean beauty is sometime very deceptive but not that much.3. I am still in love with this stunningly beautiful lady: I return first iPhone 4 and try another iPhone 4. Still hoping for best.4. I got same replica of this lady. (God cannot create the exact replica of most beautiful things but Apple can)5. After living with this lady only for few days: I am more than happy to part my ways with this stunning beauty. Let me tell you, in my whole life I have never been so happy to part my ways with so beautiful lady.6. Now I am in totally hate of this lady to the extent I even don't want to the face of this lady. I say: Hey Beautiful lady please go back to Apple's beautiful store, museum or in REEL life (MOVIE). You have no place in my REAL life.Interested in full version of the story? Please go head and read.My first review ever (FYI I am 35+ of age and bought many products). I have never written any review for any product so far. THE SOLE PURPOSE OF WRITING THIS REVIEW IS TO SAVE YOU YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY. SO HERE GOES THE ONE OF MOST HONEST REVIEW OF THE GREAT IPHONE 4 WITHOUT BEING MESMERIZED BY THE SHEER BEAUTY OF THE PHONE.SO READ THIS REVIEW IF YOU DO CARE OF YOUR MONEY ELSE YOU ARE MORE THAN WELCOME TO BUY IPHONE 4 AND HAVE YOUR EXPERIENCE OF YOUR OWN.I received my iPhone 4 almost 17 days back from AT&T; on 12th Oct 2010. From the first day itself it started showing me all of its true colors.Pros:1. As everybody says great display (Retina display).2. Great and simple and nearly perfect touch user interface.3. Hands down the most beautiful phone with best built and finishing.4. 5MP HD camera.Cons:1. `ANTENNAGATE' -> From the moment we started using it we had that notorious 'antenna' problem. Everybody including us so much pissed with the voice quality suffered because of this issue that we preferred not to talk at all. Sometime the voice was so low at both ends that it was not audible at all. Even after putting the bumper on the phone did not solve the problem entirely. Sometime though rare we noticed the above antenna symptoms again. I PROUDLY SAY "I WAS ABLE TO PRODUCE THIS PROBLEM ON ALL FOUR IPHONE 4 I HAD COME ACROSS". ON ALL THE IPHONES THE SIGNAL BARS WENT TO 2 FROM 4-5. Many videos can be found on youtube.com for the same (JUST CHECK THEM OUT THEY WILL FEEL YOU GREAT HORROR MOVIES IPHONE 4 BEAUTY LOVERS). This issue was not blown out of proportion as against what Steve Job's claimed.There are some very important things to note here about this so called `most appreciated company' Apple and one of its best product iPhone4:(i) SEE THE CHANGING COLORS OF APPLE/APPLE CEO STEVE JOBS:(First) No such problem ->(Second) Not that big problem ->(Third) Others are having the same problem (Did you hear it before? Or at least others don't give trouble when you hold them in your normal style) ->(Fourth) Take the bumper -> (Wow! That's great APPLE, this device was good only for showing purpose and now I have to hide this beauty in 'burqa' (bumper).(Fifth) Avoid holding in that position.Apple CEO Steve Jobs said `avoid holding that way'. Apple Please tell us why should customer amend their `normal' way of holding the phone that too after having paid so much price? Instead should not Apple should have taken the moral responsibility of this mistake and recalled it?Apple/Steve should be ashamed of when they asked to asked customer to change the way of holding the phone. But how Steve could do that? Then he will no longer be the best CEO of the so called best company? (It would have incurred the loss right?) Most ridiculous asking so far I guess. Why there should be any restriction on the most basic thing `holding the phone'. It's like one electronic switch company saying please press the button in certain way else ...'(ii) This antenna problem comes into the play when most of the right handed people hold the phone their most natural way. It seems that so big and quality conscious company has even failed to do even a simple usability and quality testing. Shame on you Apple!2. BATTERY -> Battery would run only for 24 hours at max without using battery consuming features. So all claims of this many hours for standby, video, internet etc. looks false.3. TURNED OFF ITSELF -> On 17th day my iPhone 4 turned it off on its own though it was fully charged.4. NO ADOBE FLASH SUPPORT -> Though `Adobe flash' is universal standard for web this iPhone 4 still does not support it. Great Mr. stubborn Apple!5. SPEAKER VOICE NOT GREAT -> Speaker voice not that loud and not acceptable for this so called great smart phone. Many Other phones outperform iPhone 4 in this area.6. VERY POOR SIGNAL RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITY -> Call voice quality average and not that great what one would expect from this phone. MY BLACKBERRY CURVE 8310 WITH THE SAME ATT NETWORK WOULD WORK EVEN IN UNDERGROUND PATH STATION AND THIS GREAT IPHONE 4 DOES NOT EVEN WORK INSIDE WALMART WHICH IS QUITE OPEN WITH THE SAME ATT NETWORK. POOREST SIGNAL RECEPTION. THE T-MOBILE NETWORK WITH THE BASIC PHONE (WHICH I USED TO HATE A LOT EARLIER) SEEMS WORK BETTER THANKS TO IPHONE 4. SO IN SHORT THE WORST COMBO IS WORKING BETTER WHEN COMPARED TO BEST COMBO (ATT AND IPHONE 4)Another couple shared the same thing with me. They told me that Blackberry Torch with worst network (T-Mobile) was having better reception than the dead combination iPhone and ATT.7. BAD 3G EXPERIENCE -> I noticed couple of other things with respect to 3G. When I keep 3G and cellular data on, the signal bars are very low where regular network is giving full bars and I was not able to access the web at all even in prime city locations. Not sure whose problem it is: Apple or service provider.Once I turned the cell data on and the bar became from four to one and then zero, after that my iPhone went into Searching mode forever though I turned off the cell data plan. As usual I restarted the phone and it worked. Looks like another bug in phone's simple functionality.8. BEAUTY IS ONLY SKIN DEEP -> This iPhone's beauty is only skin deep. Beautiful by looks only not by heart (features). If you compare it with a woman then I would say its most beautiful woman but with HIV. So you can do whatever with this stunning lady but those basic things (you know what I mean right?)9. THE LADY WITH HIV LIKES TO BE TOUCHED AGAIN AND AGAIN -> This lady with HIV will work only when you touch it, thanks to the touch interface of it. So if want turn off the phone press the button then touch (slide). You want to turn it on; press the button and touch (slide the finger on it). Want to make a call? Touch the phone application icon and then type the number (forget the good old days when you just touch either number key or call button and you could do it). Done with you call and want to finish the call? Don't forget to touch the end button. ENOUGH?10. EXPLOITING CONSUMERS -> Like other companies (Earlier Microsoft for example) Apple also started using malpractices and exploiting the situation because this company is now in command. Some examples :(i) AV component cable you have to buy from Apple only. Other's cables do not work. Now imagine the price of Apple's AV component cable: $49. That's almost 1/10 of the price of the phone itself.(ii) The iPhone cannot be (or as easily) unlocked as other phones.(iii) I heard if you unlock the iPhone the other's carrier's SIM does not go that well (May be because of its unlocking through software not through hardware).(IV) ON ATT AND APPLE WEB SITE YOU WILL NOT FIND ANY REVIEW OF THIS GREAT IPHONE 4. REASON: APPLE CANNOT MAKE ANYTHING LESS THAN GREAT! (HA HA HA)SUMMARY: THIS IPHONE 4 IS EVERYTHING ELSE BUT CELL PHONE. PLEASE SPEND YOU MONEY ON SOMETHING WORTH AND MAKE SURE AT LEAST YOU ARE GETTING WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THAT IS A CELL PHONE AT LEAST WITH GOOD RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITY.Question to all of you ->Now I ask you all, the phone which cannot even offer you basic things well, what you would call it smart phone? There is one car with all kind of luxuries: AC, pool, TV and whatever you can imagine but it does not drive well. The engine gives some trouble after every two hours. Will you buy that car? Are you going to live in that car? First thing for any vehicle obviously is smooth driving right? Same way most important thing for any cell phone is good signals and good voice quality. This phone lacks in those basic things. Apple, you have to get those basic things right. So when consumer reports did not suggest this phone to consumers they were absolutely right.I am not that happy with this phone.Update on 6th Nov 2010 ->I tried my second iPhone 4 after returning the first. The experience is getting worse about this iPhone 4 and I have decided to return the phone. ATT exchanged my first iPhone4 with already returned by other customer (Looks like other than me there was one more wise guy in this world who returned this phone). Shame on ATT who charged me the price of new piece and sent me the refurbished one.Bye Bye the great beautiful iPhone 4, Please go back to Apple Beautiful store or museum or in REEL life (movie) , you have no place in my REAL life or pocket which is looking for just a decent usable cell phone.Update on 25th Nov 2010 ->I returned the second iPhone 4 also and start using my other spare $9 phone. CAN YOU BELIEVE $9 phone is working better in terms of voice and reception quality.SINCERE ADVICE ->->-> Please wait for next iPhone. This iPhone 4 really sucks. Apple had become very over-confident when they release iPhone 4, because they know there are many BEAUTY BLIND people who would buy this DUMB BEAUTY without even reading review for it even though they had to stand in the QUEUE.Please also note that almost all other reviews who praise this iPhone 4 so much, always talk about that 'OOH' factor nothing realistic.Update on 02/26/2011 -> As I expected Verizon iPhone 4 has the same antenna issue as per Consumer Reports, here is the link:[...].

I really like the iPhone 4 and I could easily hate a phone that I've owned this long. The fact that I don't is a testament to the speed of the operating system, the ease of use in navigating from application to application, and the great camera and high def video. I haven't had much difficulty with the signal getting blocked, but I do use the phone with a case. I also find that, even with the case, calls will occasionally get dropped. Though, sometimes it's hard to differentiate whether the phone's antenna or AT&T;'s network is causing the problem.Like most people, I am no fan of AT&T;'s network and can't wait to switch to Verizon, but I knew when they announced the availability of the phone on Verizon several months ago that they would soon be releasing a new model. Now we are just weeks to months away from that (different sources say the new iPhone will be available this summer or this fall). So, I wouldn't recommend buying this phone for ATT when a new model is going to be available on Verizon soon.

the iPhone was in excellente conditions, it was everything that they described at the iPhone's Description, it was delivered at the time that they told me that was going to be, and it was in perfect conditions

When I first purchased this device, I was a tad bit skeptical about its true power. Suddenly, out of nowhere the great god Cthulu assured me that this device would meet all my expectations. So, with the word of Cthulu stuck in my head, I set out on my great journey into this device. Needless to say, I was lost in it's vast world of apps and gizmos and such. I bought my first app thinking that it would not surprise me, but it was very surprising. Then, Cthulu reappeared out of thin air to thank me for believing him and gave me a hot tub full of many various coins. It's funny how we can overlook such a marvelous peice of technology. Steve Jobs truely is the genius of our generation and should be thanked as such. If I were to list any complaints it would be that the device is not shiny enough. Had it been more shiny, then it would have been a 6-Star device. I no longer get harassed by the local school children for having an outdated phone.THANKS CTHULU!

Used iPhone with a great condition. LCD Lights leak thru the headphone jack and sim card tray, but still has applecare. so doesn't matter.

I purchased this product for my sister who lives abroad. However it turned out to be a big mistake as it turns out that the product is "locked" by ATT. Can you tell from this page that the product is locked by ATT? Am I missing something here? I called WorldWide Distributors to complain and the salesperson kindly told me that it should say "unlocked" in the header and otherwise we should assume it is locked!!! What kind of a stupid explanation is this? I think the header should scream that it is ATT locked!! My sister is oversees stuck with this locked iphone4. Any suggestions?

Let's start with the phone: easy of use: 5 stars; battery life 4 stars, apps 5 starsThe problem happen is the microphone does not work periodically while making the call, otherwise it works. Came to apple store, and they swapping the phone with a new one, a month later, it happens again while I am traveling. I came to apple store, they checked, and said hardware issue, need to pay $149. They check something and told me that the phone "technically" own by Apple because it had been exchange. I am not sure what the issue.I came out of Apple store, the phone works for about 20 minutes and show "no service".Needless to say, I was mad and bought a Galaxy to replace because I need the phone.But let other people be aware of the microphone issues and swapping phone.

If you are looking to buy an iPhone-whether 3, 3GS, or 4 DO NOT BUY ONE WITH DUAL SIMS! Those are a Chinese knock off called sciphone or hiPhone. They only look like iPhones! They are java based, have no apps, do not have the storage capacity stated in the ads, won't sync with iTunes, and if it breaks you will be laughed out of the Apple store if you show up with it to get repairs. Don't be ripped off. And if you see one listed, report it to amazon-these are a direct violation of copyright laws. Just a friendly warning :)

I received my product before I expected in perfect condition and operating status. The seller answer all my questions and exceded my expectations at all times.

The phone That Was selected in the section of unlocked phones, so It was like I was looking, for When I Get My Hands I Noticed That the equipment is locked and in my country I can not unlock. I am not Satisfied with the purchase and request that I change it so we can make use of the phone you buy. Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 32GB (AT&T)

I have never been one for having the latest phone but this rocks! Music, games , internet, camera...oh and I can make phone calls as well

Apple has given us many products such as Mac computers, iPods, iPads, but most importantly the iPhone. The iPhone is one of the most purchased smart phones in the technology industry today and I can definitely see why. There have been previous models of the iPhone, but the one I recently purchased was the iPhone 4. The iPhone 4 has a very unique design, helpful applications, a 5 megapixel camera, and is great for people who are on the go.Apple has put a lot of work into producing a very sleek, detailed design for the iPhone 4. The buttons, images, touch screen all make up the unique design of the phone. The iPhone 4 surpasses older models of iPhone's by being thinner, lighter, having a front-facing camera and a much improved battery life. I previously owned an older model of this phone and when I bought the iPhone 4 I noticed the improvements almost immediately. Everything had a clearer, brighter image and the speed improvement was surprising. The battery also lasted a lot longer than in the previous model. It can now last up to seven hours of talk time, six hours of web browsing, and about three hundred hours of standby. This phone is not bulky like the older models and it is easy to use and carry around with you on the go. The iPhone 4 has a fast response touch screen that has been voted one of the most accurate. There are plenty of touch screen phones that are slow and tend to mess things up, but not this phone. I have noticed that when I'm not paying attention to what I am typing, the iPhone 4 corrects my words more often than I have noticed on other phones. The body of the phone has been designed to withstand daily abuse without cracking easy, which is another benefit to this useful device. I have dropped my phone multiple times and have not noticed any damage like I would with another type of phone, especially an older model iPhone.My favorite part about the iPhone 4 would definitely be the applications. You can easily access the App store from your iPhone and download the applications immediately. One benefit about the App store is that Apple only lets users download applications that they have approved of, in order to make sure you are not downloading any viruses to your phone. They have more than 350,000 applications and are always adding more on a daily basis. This is one of my favorite parts about the phone because these applications are extremely helpful to me. For example, I have applications such as Mapquest, Facebook, Twitter, Urbanspoon, Weather Channel, etc. on my phone and these make my life easier because I can do these things anywhere since they are available to me through my phone. There have been multiple accounts where I got lost somewhere and needed Mapquest to get me back home. Apple has an application for almost anything you can think of that you need help with.The iPhone 4 comes with two cameras: one on the front that you can use to video conference with other people called FaceTime and one on the rear side for taking photos and videos. The rear facing camera has been upgraded and now has a 5 megapixel camera. Some users are overly excited about this upgrade and I would be one of these users. I love taking pictures but I hate having to take my camera around with me because it's heavy. The iPhone 4 takes vivid, clear pictures that you would not believe are being taken on a cell phone. Most of the time when I go traveling I will just take the pictures on my phone instead of having to bring my camera with me. If you want to edit, resize or crop your pictures after you take them you can easily do that on your iPhone instead of having to wait until you can get to a computer. The camera is also one of my favorite features about this smart phone.There are also some negative aspects of the iPhone 4, which is to be expected with every product out there on the market. One of the most complained about features on this phone is the WiFi connection. It usually is pretty good at identifying local networks and staying connected to them, but there are also plenty of times it has failed to do so unless you are basically directly on top of the wireless router. iPhone users are very fond of the new ability to FaceTime their friends and family, but the only downfall is you cannot FaceTime unless you are connected to WiFi, which could sometimes be considered an inconvenience for many users. Another major complaint against the phone would be its tendency to "overheat" and require you to re-launch certain things in order to continue using them. The phone is considered to be great for multitasking but seems to have problems doing so sometimes. Other complaints are that because the phone is so much thinner, it tends to more easily fall out of your hands. Honestly, I have not had trouble with this because I have a case around the phone just to be safe. Other than some users wishing the phone had more effects or applications, all in all the complaints against it are not all that bad.In my opinion, I believe that the iPhone will be the last phone I ever buy. It seems like Apple has designed the perfect smart phone and it is designed to do almost anything you want it to. If the iPhone seems to not know everything, I'm sure there is an application you can download that will suffice you. I use my iPhone to text message, take pictures, e-mail, keep things organized and social network. If I need to remember to do something, I will set a reminder on my phone and it just makes my life a lot easier. I realize there are a lot of other smart phones out there attempting to compete with the iPhone, but I love my iPhone 4 and will never have anything, but an iPhone.

Purchase new iPhone 4 32GB according advertisement, but once open, missing headset and media book.If new item, it must have adepter, USB charger, headset, and media book kit.

I bought this phone last month and so far was pleased except for the price. I then found another site that sold it in White for much cheaper then Amazon which kind of made me mad. Don't pay more then you have to I do recommend [...] if you want to buy one for cheaper...remember that amazon isn't the only place to shop!

Below is my review of the 16GB model that I purchased in September. The two models are completely identical with the only exception being the additional 16G of storage space. Performance is totally unaffected by this....... Please note that this is strictly my opinion of the phone itself, I have no knowledge of this seller or the condition of the phones they sell.I had the 8GB 3G model and thought that was great, until I got a demo of the iPhone 4. Man is this version is light years ahead of the original model.With a 1Ghz CPU, and 16GB of flash memory, this thing is a portable office/entertainment center par excellence. I've had this phone for 3 months without a single problem, the display is nice and sharp, the apps load very fast, and I now have over 130 apps to perform just about every duty you could possibly think of with absolutely no impact on performance. And on the ATT 3G network, I average download speeds of around 1.8Mbps, and over 1M upload speeds....and how do I know that, cause I got an app that tells me that's how. BTW, the display is the equivalent of a 960x640 on your desktop (double the 3G model) so what you see is essentially a high res yield and page loads are superfast. And resident memory, after a full days use I just checked and still had 120Mb of Ram available. On the 3G model that number was usually down around 4Mb by the end of the work day and had to be refreshed.I was in the computer/design/manufacturing business for 20 years, and this is by far the most amazing piece of technology I have ever seen or imagined. Even the battery life is 3x better than the previous model, and thats a good thing cause its integrated but a full charge should yield and entire days work of calls, emails, surfing the web, SMS messaging, and play. I no longer need my laptop cause there's nothing I cant do with the iPhone, and that includes sending faxes, editing Excel or Word documents, and even printing. A flash for the 5MP camera, an HD video camera, and even real time video conferencing over a wireless network, and Bluetooth that unlike the 3G model is actually compatible with everything you throw at it, including Garmin GPS....just amazing. This thing even has 2 mics with noise suppression so calls are clearer on the other end. Man, Apple hit this one out of the park.BTW, with all the apps, music, and videos I've got loaded on this thing I've still got 10GB of flash memory remaining. I cant imagine why anybody would need more storage, and the 32GB model isn't any faster and doesn't have any more features. You'll need iTunes on your desktop to get the most out of this phone and iTunes can be a little intimidating at first but its worth the trouble, and all the instruction you need can be found on the web or Youtube for transferring photos, videos, music, apps, etc.Update 12/09/10: I've been reading up on the "antenna problem" with the iPhone 4G and have this to say.... It is easily cured by slapping on a hard case or shell on the phone, which eliminates the issue I see some people complaining about. I have personally never experienced this issue because I left the AT&T; store with a protective shell on my phone which virtually everybody I've ever seen with an iPhone has anyway. Very simply you CANNOT replicate the reported "death grip" problem with a shell around the outer frame. Cant be done. And BTW, I don't know if its due to network improvements or what but lately I'm getting 4Mbps download speeds so if anything I'm happier with my purchase now than I was 4 months ago. Zero complaints, and that's something most smartphone users of other OEM products can't say.A final word: Beware negative reviews on here that are filled with bad English and are authored by individuals who have written only one review (on the iPhone) and posted it in several locations on Amazon's site. Its easy to pick these out, and they have no doubt been written by the same person. See the comments section for a definitive review on the Iphone 4 and the overblown "antenna issue" from Anandtech.comA final final word: Apparently this phone from Worldwide Distributors is LOCKED! If you plan to use this phone outside AT&T;'s network you are screwed. All the one star reviews are from idiots that paid $800 for this phone without doing proper due diligence.Oh wait, I do have one complaint about the iPhone 4. Several times a month my girlfriend gets mad at me and hangs up in the middle of the conversation so I guess I'm suffering from this "dropped call" thing after all. haw haw

4 unlocked iphone?wanted to know if this phone unlocked iphone 4 because I'm from Venezuela.I hope your answers Greetings

I love my iphone.  It took a while to get used to using it, but I couldn't be happier with it.  I learn how to do something new on it every day.  My next big purchase will be an ipad.

It got here quick and my son loves it. All the parts and things were in it. It was described perfectly.

Way better than my only Sony I had.  better reception, better sounds and pictures.  Only thing its a bit more expensive but to me is worth it.

when i bought it it doens't say tat is AT&T blocked .... if knew that i never bought it !!!

very good phone and i fix gevey sim and it work perfictno any problem for tranferingthe saller very good company and contact with customer for any help

I have had my iPhone 4 for almost a year and before that I owned an iPhone 3G.  I will not repeat the most common positive review points about this phone (i.e. great display, good looks, good camera, speedy processor, good library of apps).  I do want to comment on its most glaring fault that people bring up and how to live with it: reception.Let's be upfront about this, yes, it does have an antennae issue when you hold it a certain way.  The signal weakens by about a bar or two.  So if you use the phone in a 1-2 bar area, it will drop your call.  It's that simple.  I'd say it is a fault of the phone's design.  Now, does this issue break the phone?  I'd say no.  The main reason is that I have put my phone into an excellent case (OtterBox Defender) since week 2 of owning it, so I have not seen my naked phone since then.  Since I started using the case, the 'death grip' issue has gone away.  Secondly, you should hold your phone LIGHTLY and ideally an inch away from your ear if you are at least a bit worried about phone radiation.  I avoid placing the phone close to my ear as much as I can nowadays.  With all that said, the AT&T; iPhone definitely not the best phone I have used when it comes to reception and yes I still do experience dropped calls once in a while.  I live at a 1-2 bar neighborhood right now, so I expect that somewhat.  In medium to strong signal areas, I rarely have any reception issues.  My only other complaint about the phone is that the mic doesn't work very well in speakerphone mode for some reason, I have had numerous people complain about it when I put them on speakerphone.Given its issues, would I make the same purchase decision again?  Absolutely.  The iPhone 4 has fundamentally changed the way I gather and use information in my everyday and professional life.  For me, it is the ultimate convergence device and I don't leave home without it.

I was ordered an iPhone 4 unlocked and I have received one locked on AT&T. I unlocked it with gevey and now is working fine. I spent to much money for a locked iPhone. Shame.

This is my first iPhone. Luckily it was free because there is no way I would ever buy this. I had the phone for 3 days and I was headed to the store to get a nice case and screen protector for it, when I was getting out of the car it fell out of my pocket from less than 2 feet and completely shattered the screen. I dropped my android at least 50 times in the last year and it only has a few scratches without even having a case or screen protector. After shattering this phone looks terrible and part of the broken glass is really sharp. Yes you can get the screen replaced but you have to take apart the whole phone to do it and it costs 20 to 33 just for the new screen. Besides that the phone gets bad signal. I hardly ever have service and it works fine for awhile and then decides my password for my email is wrong and I have to delete my email off the phone and re-enter it for it to work again. The good things about the phone: it's clear, looks nice when it's not broken, and has hundreds of great apps. However you can get pretty much the same thing with an android and bottom line... I miss my HTC EVO

Compre el producto por Amazon, y la verdad salio todo muy bien, el equipo estaba en mejores de lo que esperaba... seguir&eacute; comprando en Amazon

I got what I ordered.  "The Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 32GB (AT&T;)." Just as simple as that. I don't know about others who rated it low. But in my case, I got what I wanted from a seller that just launched. Yes, I was worried a little bit. However, things went right.Hope you meet the good deal like I did.

I bought this product, and I sold to my friend in Brazil and he told me that this product is not unlocked, I lost money because I bought as unlocked. Probably is my last time buying by amazon or from the person that sold to me. Take care with information about unlocked cell phones!

I've had my iPhone 4 for months, after an upgrade from the old one.  A friend asked for a cell recommend. I told her why I like the iPhone. It's not about the phone.Big things that matter.- Pocket Kindle.  I read everywhere.  And nobody knows what. SF in staff meetings...- Facebook.  A pocketful of friends. Yeah.  Let's not look at that one too close.- Emergency Browser.  Handle crises with web access. Too cramped for fun browsing.- ToDo List. Necessary adult supervision. Also, move undone tasks easily into the future.- Alarms.  My morning alarm Is actually four.  Also for events and tasks.  More supervision.- Camera.  Great candids while they think you're reading. Or browsing.- Office docs.  Editing not creating. Good for tweaking spreadsheets, viewing PowerPoints, etc.- Backup.  Keep your docs with you. Like your resume. Just in case.- Email. Fast hits--email the resume while they're still giving the presentation. Be first!- Distance.  Create a cone of privacy with Caller ID, Silent Mode, Call Reject, etc.  It's your iPhone.- Bejeweled.  Don't even like it now. Just can't stop. Don't need to. Silent mode for staff meetings.Little things that don't matter.  Much.- Ugly. A more blocky, Soviet look than the old one. No problem--put a case on it.- Reception.  A problem when you hold it wrong.  No problem--put a case on it.- Slippery.  Slides out of the hand.  Bounces alarmingly on the floor.  No problem--put a case on it.- Stock.  All iPhones are cookie-cut clones.  No problem--put a case on it.So its not about the phone.  It's about the apps, mostly.  And a little about the case. But you need the phone for them to make sense.  So get one.

Called IPhone support for problem I was having changing Apple ID.  Person answering phone was extremely rude and told me I HAD to update my apple support service because my warranty had run out (phone only 10 months old).  Would not let me talk to support staff unless I paid for service coverage.  A SIMPLE question that had nothing to do with a product warranty.  Hung up on the rude staff and googled the problem.  Found solution on first blog I checked.  Bite me Apple - I'll get a Droid next time.

well, it does freeze sometimes, but I like it so much that it doesn't matter.Not sure what I did without it.

The iPhone came with the home button failure fails him a lot and I have to precionar the screen has a blue spot, dead pixels appear

Now there's the 5s, I can't go back to the 4. It hits my cheek and I either beep the numbers at the other person, or I'll put it on mute accidentally. Some street kids stole it the other day, so I'm going to get a 5 tomorrow. You can't beat Apple.

I'm a traditionalist when it comes to mobile phones - I want one that I can make calls on. Well, that used to be the case. It's important you sign up with a good provider - heaps of data useage etc - and after that you'll become dependent ont his gadget.My top uses:1. Phone calls and texts (love the way the text messages are displayed as a conversation)2. Email. I use Safari to check my hotmail, because I find it annoying that the built in inbox doesn't update my hotmail.3. Application: Words with Friends - Great fun way to play Scrabble on the go with friendsOther common uses are alarm clock, timer, three or four other good applications and the notes tool.I'd recommend this product to anyone. I'm yet to have any problems.

I bought this phone before doing my research, later found out that I need to use Apple for everything and there is no flash so its kind of a pain. Nice phone but not for those who are heavy computer users.

Best phone ever made, destroys the droid, I have this for verizon and have not had the problems that the att customers say they have.

this is a great upgrade from the 3gs it has mainly 3 features i love the 32gb hard drive that allows me to get more apps, the better camera with flashh i love it and the front camera it makes it fun to take photos highly recommended

I admit it -- yes, I am an addict.  I had never used an iPhone before April 2011, but now I can't see any other smartphone that would get me to move away from it (at this time).  Prior to April, I used a Blackberry Bold for work and just skipped having a personal cell phone at all.  One drawback of the Blackberry was that our company's website would not display on it -- very frustrating.  During a meeting one day, another manager asked about getting contact information for one of the employees and all of us Blackberry users just stared at each other in frustration -- then a friend of mine pulled out his iPhone 3GS and promptly looked it up.  Hmmm, I though, I gotta get me one of those!  Given that I had just gotten a new Blackberry a few months before, I couldn't get the iPhone unless I got on to a list to be traded out when someone new joined and mistakenly ordered a Blackberry -- the list was about 15 people long and would likely require about 6 months to get one.  Shortly thereafter, I decided to move from Canada to the United States and had to procure my own phone for business -- there was never a doubt in my mind, it was going to be the iPhone 4.Due to travel arrangements and international shipping, I spent about 2 weeks in northeast Iowa with nothing for entertainment other than the iPhone 4 -- and it didn't disappoint.  I learned a lot of very cool things that you can do with this incredible piece of technology.  When people see me using it for so many things, they start asking me "What can you use it for?" and I explain that they are asking the wrong question -- you should be asking "What CAN'T you use it for?".  I can completely work on it if needed (using VPN and iSSH to connect to servers and work on Databases), watch movies on Netflix, read books on Kindle, play games, balance my checkbook, surf the internet, listen to music, view photos -- the list is endless.  I have literally stopped watching television because of the iPhone 4.  Now I have oftentimes thought that I spend a bit too much time with it and it is good to get away, but it is so handy that when I don't have it with me (very rarely), I feel like something is missing.  Ever have one of those moments when you are with a friend and say "Geez, who was that actor that played in Mississippi Burning?  I can't think of his name right now, you know who I'm talking about, right?" -- you won't ever again with this.If there was one thing that I could change about my purchase from AT&T;, it would be to throttle the sales guy that told me that you can expand the memory via a memory card and that the 16GB model was what I should go for.  You can't expand the memory and I wish that I would have gotten the 32GB model as I am regularly running out of space on the device due to the amount of apps, movies, and music that I have on there -- very frustrating to have to be so selective.  If Apple made a 128GB version, that would be the one that I would go for, considering how many digital copies of movies I have and the constant traveling that I do.  One of the coolest experiences I had was during the summer when we were back in Kansas for 2 weeks and had a day off.  The kids were a bit bored with the pool and it was too hot to just go outside, so I plugged in the HDMI connector and cable to the iPhone and turned on Netflix -- voila, instant movies on the hotel room's big screen tv.  The kids were begging to watch Netflix on the iPhone the rest of the trip (which probably saved me several hundred dollars of shopping).Overall, there isn't anything that I would really change about the iPhone 4 that I have other than to add more memory ... and potentially backport Siri to it.Pros:- Incredibly powerful tool that can do just about anything you want it to- built as a consumer electronic device rather than a computer- lots of apps and accessories to enhance your experience (this could be a con as well, given that you might spend more on apps/accessories than you did the phone!)Cons:- expensive unless you get it with a 2-year plan- doesn't come with Siri (and doesn't look like the iPhone 4 ever will - this might be a reason to go to a 4S even at the greater cost)Recommendations:- give it more memory!  32GB is not even enough for everything that I want it to do - give me 128GB at least!- backport Siri to the iPhone 4

I have owned this product for 10 months now and the iPhone 4 is leaps and bounds superior to its Apple predecessors in both features and quality.Pros:*Consolidating my phone, browser, email, camera & iPod makes my digital life much easier.*The rear-facing camera performs so well that I no longer carry a digital camera with me on vacations.*The high resolution screen displays video so well that I often forget that I am viewing it on such a small device.*Reasonably priced at $200 (at the time of my purchase) for something that does so much.*Mobile Safari renders pages much better than any other mobile browser.*The device integrates all of my email and calendar accounts very well.*The ability to store my contacts server side puts me at ease. I know that if I lose my phone, a simple re-sync will bring all of my contacts back to a new device.*I have not had issues with the alarm, which I use every day.*A plethora of apps makes this device a shopping and entertainment delight.Cons:*No Flash support (I hope HTML5 picks up quickly).*Battery drains after ~30 hours of normal use. I typically charge it every night.*The AT&T; network is horrible with customer service to match....and it all costs too much.*I have a love/hate relationship with the iOS spellcheck... but I usually lean towards hating it.*In order to update the iOS, you must connect the phone to your computer. I do not like iTunes whatsoever and I should be able to update over WiFi at very least with an over the air backup to MobileMe.Notes:1.The forward facing camera is a "cool" feature but I don't use it as much as I thought I would. With FaceTime requiring WiFi, I find myself using other computers for larger screens and bigger speakers.2.Apple's AppCenter screening makes it difficult for some really cool apps to be available; however, they also keep a lot of the harmful ones away.3. I have convinced 2 other people to purchase this phone and they absolutely love them too!

I was extremely elated that I found this on amazon at a great price! I destroyed my iPhone 4 by getting it wet & it was unreviveable. I went to the AT&T store & a new one would've cost me $800 plus tax! Yikes! This was because I wasn't eligible for my discounted upgrade yet. They actually suggested I look on here for a refurbished alternative. I am glad that I did, as it saved me about $500! The phone I received was in good condition, it was a little dirty though. I cleaned it with some rubbing alcohol on a Q-tip & good to go! They even sent me a charging cord with it! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars, is that the plug in on the phone is a little off. It fits the charger they sent, which looks like an old iPod charger. So, I'm assuming that my refurb has an old iPod plug in. It doesn't quite fit all of my iPhone accessories as securely as I had hoped due to this fact. It still works with them, but it is a loose fit, so my iPhone can't be touched or moved in anyway while attached, otherwise it will disconnect from the accessory. My suggestion for future refurbs is to make sure it's an iPhone plug in on the phone, as there is a slight difference. Otherwise, no big scratches on the phone & synced right up with my iTunes & all my apps & contacts are back immediately! That's what I love about the iPhone, I wouldn't have any other phone!

I bought this product about three weeks ago and it was well worth the money.  It's convenient, stylish, reliable, utilitarian, user friendly and multifunctional.  I could never go back to not having a smart phone. Just do it.

This is my first smartphone.Have been using the phone for about three weeks.Since I already had a Ipod touch it was just a matter of learning the phone function.The phone is lighter than I expected.I signed up for a straight talk plan.I only make phone calls,text,send e-mail and browse the web so this plan is perfect for me.

I purchased this iPhone 4 and there was nothing saying that it's lock to AT&T and can't be used out side USA (I wonder where is the customer rights to select a carrier), once i received it i notes that it will not work on Qatar, i am waiting for the unlock solution for OS 4.2.1 BB 3.10.01

the phone I bought it was supposed to be unloked, but i can't use it whith my phone company back in Argentina
