
I purchased this phone because I wanted one with a querty keypad for texting and for internet browsing, however I never got to access the internet (not even wifi) when it should be 3G capable. The assistant at the t-mobile store said that those don't have internet access anymore, but it is still being sold and advertised as being so. I returned it but have yet to be compensated. I want my money please!

Works great for texting and has amazing volume for phone conversations or media. it also has a regular audio jack to plug headphones in, which was a big plus for me  This is not for individuals who like to use apps or surf the web. this is a good text/call phone.The only problem I have had is that the camera is old and therefore lower pixel cam, and picture texts  (or MMS) does not work with my provider without a data plan.

I got this phone 2 days early!OK. First off, I must elucidate some facts. This phone has some history behind it. The original Sidekick LX 2009(PV300) was discontinued initially in 2010. It was re-released in two forms: The Mobilicity Mobiflip(Sharp PV300G) in late 2010 and the Cincinnati Bell Sharp Jump (PV300GC/PV300GR)in 2011.I received the PV300GR. This is not the ORIGNAL(nor does it come in the original black box), yet, it is a modified version that doesn't include the Catalog, AIM/Yahoo/Live IM clients, the browser, or the Email client. Instead, there is a generic IM application(I guess you could use any handle/service you want), Opera Mini(an EXCELLENT browser); the Catalog and Email client have no replacements.The misconception arises with people saying this phone can't access the Internet. The truth is: The original Sidekick can't, nor can the Mobiflip because they lack the option to change the network APN. The Sharp Jump does have this option, meaning you can change the APN, thus you can get online.(There is a caveat: The 3G bands are 1700/2100, so you can only get 3G with T-Mobile, or any MVNO that uses T-Mobile like Simple Mobile and Straight Talk. Otherwise, you'll revert to GRPS/EDGE for data, like I do on AT&T.;) This also goes for Multimedia Messaging, so long as you know and change the MMS gateways.As a phone, it functions very well. I can hear callers clearly, and they have no problem hearing me. However, to me, it seems that there is a slight echo whenever I speak. Also, the ringer is not terribly loud. It's enough if you're close to it, but you probably won't hear it if it's two rooms away.As a messaging device, it's awesome. The keyboard is very spacious, but a little shallow: the buttons don't have a lot of give. The text messaging and multimedia messaging inboxes are seperate, and that's nice. There's no threaded messaging in these applications, nor is there a lot of space in either(100 messages on device and 30 on SIM for texting; 2MB total for Multimedia messaging). There is an auto delete function for both, so that's a means of management for heavy texters.As a browser, it's OK. Obviously, browsing would be better on a smartphone, but Opera Mini does a commendable job of rendering pages through Opera's compression servers(helps save money for those who browse per kilobyte). Text entry is a snap with the keyboard.This device also has a 3.5mm headphone jack along with a microSDHC slot(I think it'll take up to 32GB; I have a 16GB card and it works fine). The media player functions great.  You can access it wherever you may be on the phone by pressing the Jump and Done buttons at the same time. However, getting video to play on the device is a troublesome task. It says it supports MP4 and 3GP, but all the files I've thrown at it were not supported. I'll have to try a different video codec and report back...The customization options are fair enough. You can choose one of four themes for the main screen(I found means of sideloading themes, but that doesn't work for this phone. A slight bummer.) You have plenty of choice for ringtones, but to set them, you must go into the Phone, Text Messaging, and Multimedia Messaging applications to set each kind of alert. You can import ringtones from Multimedia messages(once you set it up), but they don't have the custom light patterns like the default ringtones. Instead, the moodlights flash to the bassline and the trackball cycles the color spectrum.The camera will do in a pinch, just not inside. If you are inside trying to take a photo, make sure to have some lights on to begin with. I haven't messed with shooting video, but seeing as it only shoots up to QVGA, I personally wouldn't bother.Overall, I have to give this phone a 5/5. It's a great device for those that just message a lot, or need the basics. You want apps, go get a smartphone(Honestly, you really won't be missing much... heh.) I'll monitor the comments for anyone who also happens to receive the Sharp PV300GR and who want help to set up the settings for the Internet and Multimedia Messaging.UPDATE: 8/7/12:I've figured out how to place Themes and Videos on the device.Videos are best encoded in 3GP format, at a resolution of 480*272 with the H.263 video codec and the AAC audio codec. You can just paste them anywhere on the drive.Themes are created as such(NOTE: YOU NEED A MEMORY CARD FOR THIS):1. Plug your phone into your PC with the USB cable.2. Access the phone's drive and create a new folder called Themes.3. For each Theme, you must have all defined elements noted in a text file, titled theme. A simple one can be made as such:string Name(en_US) (Place the theme name here, must be the same name as the folder)bitmap ring-background (Place the name of the photo you want as the background here, including the file type, ie: neon.jpg or neon.png. I HIGHLY recommend using a 854x480 photo)bitmap ring-folder-background (Can be the same as above, or a different photo. Again, follow the same rules for bitmap ring-background.)4. Place the theme.txt file and the photos in the same folder. Title the folder the same as the theme name.(If you set the string Name(en_US) as Neon, then the folder MUST ALSO be titled Neon.)5. Place the folder in the Themes folder.6. Unplug your phone from the PC and give it a few moments to read your card. From the main screen, press Menu and go down to Themes. Your theme should show up below the built in four.UPDATE 11/9/12: I am using this phone with Simple Mobile, and I have 3G(!) internet access.Their APN is simply(heh) simple. No password or username.

the phone didnt come with sd card ,but overall was good. the screen is a litlle woblly when it turns.

This review is for "Brand New Sidekick LX 2009 SHARP PV300 GSM Unlocked - T-Mobile Retail Box (Carbon Black)" sold by Amazon LLC.  The product came without the t-mobile box (unmarked plain container), without the sim card, without the SD Micro card and without manuals. While they are cheap enough to buy (probably less than $10), the point is that this is NOT a T-Mobile Retail Kit as shown in the picture.  Research for comparable sales venues (i.e. ebay) will confirm what a true T_Mobile kit is supposed to contain!All other items (the phone, battery,the case, the data sync cable, etc.) were included and functioned when I popped in my AT&T; SIM card; however, a two star for the product not being what it is supposed to be is very appropriate and also for the very outdated product description saying this product is "for fast downloads and quick access to your favorite social networking sites" and "Enhanced web surfing " as this product can no longer be used for anything other than phone calls and text messaging (good for my 11 year old daughter and other preteens who have no business having web enabled cell phones:-)... It's ironic that Amazon LLC does not have a "Leave Seller Feedback" option as it does for all other sellers and no "contact seller" option.  So, feel free to buy the phone but expect to pay extra for the missing pieces

I have am att prepaid sim card.  Will it work with this phone, since its already unlocked?  I just want to know, so I can buy the phone.

My son bought this to be his cellphone. Within the first week it just started turning off randomly. It bacame difficult to even finish a text.  He ended up getting another phone. This one was just not usable.

Just got this phone and love it! It is great if you are a texter. Although it's outdated it's pretty cool and you can still go on the Internet. Ialso ordered the samsung gravity touch and I'm sending it back because I love the sidekick

I was looking for a good qwerty phone the last two I had got beat up and they went bad. So far, this one has held up and it good that T-mobile no longer has the Sidekick plan, so phone and text is all they need.

When I first got this phone, I was very excited about the features, etc. But as I've used it more and more, it's gone downhill. The phone often freezes up, going to a green screen and then dying, or sometimes only freezing and forcing me to take out the battery. Also, sometimes it simply will not make a call, and has to be turned off and on again in order to work.The scroll ball on the right of the phone has already gone out, and the memory for messages is terrible, holding only 100 total. Putting in a memory card doesn't help, either. Also, the camera doesn't work unless you have a SD card in the phone. Even then, sometimes it fails to save the pictures to the memory.I should mention that I am not a smartphone user, so I'm not used to a phone with a lot of features, but even my expectations were sorely disappointed with this phone.Please, save your money and get a  phone that will last longer and doesn't have the major glitches this phone does. It's not worth the $50.

i bought this phone to get an upgrade from my phone. It said that the phone will arrive in 5-8 business days, and it ended up arriving in 4 days. The only problem i have had with my phone was that after I saved all the contacts, they all some how got erased, so i had to save the contacts all over again..... Over all, the sidekick LX is a great phone

Holds up to my teenage son's standard of care; however not very user friendly.  Good for him to text with.

Very reliable just went out on me after about 6 months of use not mad at phone life because of price paid

Bought this item for 11 year old son, who just couldn't learn to keep up w/ the Cellphone that was on our previous contract w/ AT&T. Overall I love this phone, I mean I love it so much that I even thought about ordering 2 more and cancelling both the iPhone contracts my wife and I have w/ AT&T!!! This phone covers all basic needs i.e. phone calls/Text, internet browsing not so much.... I would purchase again if ever my son loses his phone (Fingers-crossed) but he's been doing good for the past 3 months!!!

does the job . . ...  . .. . . . . .. . . .' . . . .

First off the description clearly says that you are suppose to be getting a t-mobile retail box and what i got was a jump phone and there is no t-mobile brand name anywhere on it and this is causing me problems because it is not the real deal so  i can't send picture messages or download free themes or any of the other things that you can do but it needs to be t-mobile..this is ridiculous..very unhappy !

I was especting a phone that worked , and the phone that i received worked for one day and then stoped working. I lost my money in this "deal"

Well first of all i was missing my 1gb micro-sd card and instructional also the actual and official sidekick lx box!!! well the phone came in a small bag with a usb cable, stero headset, charger and battery the phone was in good but not great condition or atleast i think...

Ottimo acquisto, la spedizione &egrave; stata rapida e precisa. L'inserzione era dettagliata e tutto quello che avevo letto &egrave; poi risultato veritiero

i like he features and everything the screen every once in awhile turns black and i have to restart it

If you don't want to pay $30-40 a month for the latest data management plans by any of the current carriers, then you will love this phone.The QWERTY keyboard is well spaced and easy to use of course.The Quick jump mapping allows you to navigate your phone faster than any other phone I've had, (Iphone, T-mobile MDA, Behold, various flip, and free)The 3.2 mp camera takes good pictures without the flash, whitewashed pictures with the flash, and decent video. If you want a camera get a canon or nokia that will blow this or any other camera-phone out of the water in terms of price and function.It is extremely easy to put music on this phone as it is treated as an external hard drive when plugged in to your computer. Windows media player will add music in a comparable time frame with Itunes or Sharepod.The screen is crystal clear with beautiful color range.It comes with a 3.5mm jack so you can use any set of standard headphones.If you decide to get the rubber clip on case, the whole phone becomes incredibly sturdy with an extensive amount of grip. No buttons are compromised.Battery last for 2 days, when calling, texting, taking pictures no flash, and listening to music for a constant 8-10hrs nonstop the rest on Idle.Comes with a fun game and the rest you can find out for yourself.

i am confused so by my having a data plan with att.. will the sidekick have internet and gps or not? people are saying they can surf the web and go on social sites but also saying there is not internet on this phone . i am confused?

This is a very good phone that meet the need for a any good phone. It's rugged and the 3G speed is fantastic when downloading. I am recommending it

So there's no way of getting Internet access on this phone even thru Wi-Fi? I love the sidekick and I'm really thinking bout getting this one but don't want to waste my time or money, any advice people??

Ok,is unlock only for at&t, and I gone on the shop for unlock it;but is not possible because the phone don't ask the code...for now I I will buy a other phone a other model maybe Samsung.

Very good phone maybe the only complaint I have is that it is very difficult to activate the Internet service.

The display stopped showing anything after a couple of months.  This made it very difficult to use even to answer calls.  This product  is very dated.

This is a pretty cool basic phone. The software is old and many of the features do not work. The ball for navigation is alright however can be messed up pretty easy. I mes my girl friends up when I had some soda on my thumb from a drink and it got all over the track ball and now works when it wants to.

It's a little goofy compared to other phone i'm used to. but it does the job.I like how i can't get online, cause then I will not get charged for the accidental usage.

No alarm, I knew it had no WiFi, so that was no big deal, but no caledar, and texting is a B@!4h on this thing! You have to constantly open the phone to make a call and the close it, and when you're texting you have to press two seperate buttons at the same time to compose a new text. Once you do that if you're in the middle of a text and you're getting a text in the process, I have yet to figure out how to save the text you've created to &#34;drafts&#34; so that you can look at the new text in your inbox! Super frustrating. It comes with a fold out poster for instructions, which doesn't go into detail at all. Says it go do IM, but it can't. You also can't save pictures to the phone like most cell phones, you have to have an sd card, so I havn't been able to take any pics at all. The only good thing is you can record your own ringtones, but they only last 29 secs, and come out sounding crappy. I think I'll turn this phone in an get a new one.

this phone was a very exellent choice for a middle schooler , my child loves this phone. it might be a little complicated but indeed its wonderful . if your child is between the age of 10 - 14 i highly recomend for your child to buy the sidekick LX .

I got this phone for my daughter. She has told me all about this phone. At her age, it's all about the texting;) She has had this phone for about 5-6 months. She wanted a full QWERTY keypad which she said was excellent. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:- Key pad. Very easy to use. Firm to the touch.- Music Player. You can have a lot of songs.- Trackball. Easy to use. You get around faster.- Okay pictures. Not bad, but not the best.- Okay video. Same reason as pictures.- Lock screen. So things don't get messed up.- Internet browser (she did not get this feature)- Can receive ringtones from other people.- Can record ringtones- Has a good battery life (about 2-3 days)- Can change the picture of the locked screen- Pretty good sounding speaker phoneCons:- Power Cycles. Has done this around 4 times. When it does this, it deletes her contacts and pictures and all text messages (picture and regular text). It hasn't deleted any ringtones or music.- Cannot send pictures to Facebook (hers cannot. I'm not sure about other people's.)- Is not compatible with Phonezoo (that we know of)- Sometimes freezes on the locked screen.- Cannot remove a ringtone after you have saved it (I'm not sure about other Sidekick's. Her's might've had a defect)- Has very bad reception problems. Sometime's in people's houses, or cars. Especially in Target, Walmart, and Kohl's. (Large stores in general.)- The flip/ slide screen wiggles after a few months of use. She was afraid it would break.- She was dissappointed that she couldn't figure out a way to have individual ringtones for each contact for texting. You can with calling though.I think that's about it. Overall, a good phone for texting and calling. I hope this helped.

Product received in great condition. Inserted T-Mobile SIM card and phone works great. NO DATA PLAN REQUIRED and phone works great for talk/txt and picture messaging. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase.

The good: Texting with a real keypad is great. I also like that it is nearly impossible to accidentally "butt-dial" someone with this phone.The bad: Making calls and adding contacts is awkward and illogical. The ringer, when turned up to its maximum, is still very hard to hear. I miss calls ALL the time. As well, the noise to notify you when you receive a text is almost silent and doesn't repeat.update 5/10/2013- this phone has only gotten worse with time. it constantly malfunctions. recently, without any warning, it completely erased my entire address book. because it doesn't synch with your computer I was forced to manually re-enter every contact. so frustrating. often the alarm triggers but doesn't make a sound! Don't buy this phone. i have had $20 cheapies that performed better.

Hi guys,I bought this from the oem shop from amazon, and it was a great purchase, here is my review, because before i bought it i was reading all the reviews making sure that this wasn't a scam, and here i am now after buying a second one and my first one came about a week ago and it was awesome, i thought that this was all a scam and it would come broken, or not working, but it came BRAND NEW, and it came with everything except the sd card!! :(  But it is fine, because all i was worried about in the beginning was that it came working. I am a t mobile customer, so i wouldn't know if it would work with another carrier. I have been using this phone with out a data plan, and it works perfectly fine, and here are a few pros and cons:Pros:1 brand new2 works3 pretty good battery life4 came on time5 no scratches (cause it is new)cons:1 missing sd card2 missing sim cardall in all this is an great phone and it came brand new, and it works, would recommend this to everyone!! it is brand new NOT factory reconditioned!!  :)FOUR STARS BECAUSE IT CAME WITH MISSING SD CARD OTHER WISE FIVE :(

The network is no longer supported by T-MOBILE but it's a great backup phone if you don't need to get online.

filled my expectations.  No more , no less of what they offered. Although it turned off by itself like one or two times per week, it is a great phone , great keyboard and great battery life, ah and great reception.... where Iive t-mobile signal is weak and let me pick up the signal everywhere

Since there are like 10 different companies that sell this phone I need to know from the people that bought it already, if they received the PV300GR (Which can go on internet now) OR the PV300. There is a difference now. UnlockedCellPhoneKings says they only have the PV300. What did everyone else get from other companies? This Listing says its for the PV300GR, but some company don't know there is a difference because its just recently that people have figured out how to get the internet back. Thank you!

The phone they sent me was not brand new.  There were text messages left on it from the previous owner.  Never heard anything from the company and Amazon couldn't replace it, so my only option was to go out of my way and send it back.  It was extremely inconvenient(couldn't just take it to the post office, had to go to UPS or FedEx can't remember which)and would have cost us more in the long run, so we let our daughter keep it.  The phone is ok.  It looks just like the picture and when it flips open it is cool.  I found the phone hard to navigate, and it took us a while to figure out how everything worked, but once you get the hang of it it's fine.  The worst part is that every so often (seems to usually happen when we shut it off) it deletes all your phone contacts.  If they are saved to your sim card you can restore them, but if not the contacts are gone for good. I saw another review that said it doesn't work with T-Mobile, but that is the carrier we have and it works fine.  Not a bad deal for the money (even as a used phone), but all in all I wouldn't buy this phone again.

tmobile prepaid cell; bought for my kid & they loved it; just know that it doesn't have internet capability; basic phone to be used for calls & texts only

The PV300G is a pretty good phone, with a few minor flaws. First of all, the "sidekick" feature on the phone is great, and texting is very convenient and fast. This phone may be a different experience for some,however. It's not a touchscreen, and you have to use the little gray ball on the side of the phone to click things instead of your fingers. It would be a little faster if you could use your fingers, but for me, using the trackball wasn't too much of a problem. The main feature of this phone is texting, and the main menu has 2 menus for it. It's user friendly, except you can sometimes forget how to access the settings menu, which is the upper left button. All the basic settings are easy to operate and change, like the trackball speed, and sound profiles.The only few cons in the phone is that you can't set a song as your ringtone. My ringtone on my previous phone was always "Day Tripper" by the Beatles. Here, it was hard to find out how to change the ringtone in the first place, unless you go through all the settings. Then, once you get to the ringtone menu in sound profiles, you have to choose from one of the weird ringtones that the phone has provided for you. I can't say that they're the best, and some of them are pretty bad. If you want a good ringtone, choose "fatcat".The second con I have is the games and the internet connectivity. The default game that was stored on this phone for me was "Bob's World, LAKE OF DOOM!!". It's a pretty corny platformer game, with this ball just bouncing around the screen. I couldn't figure out the controls. I had "Opera mini" browser on this phone, and I couldn't connect to the internet very well. Also, you can't check your email.In general, this is a pretty good phone.Best for people who love texting To sum it up:Prosgood user friendlinessawesome texting featuresorganized/easy to operate settingsConsBad choice of gamesBad ringtone selectionCan't check your e-mail,not so good internet connectivityA few settings that you can't find without extra experimentation.Hope you liked this review!

Great product came all intact when i purchased the phone.It was missing the microsd card but it was not too much of a problem since i got a cheap 16 GB on amazon for 8 bucks.The phone worked fine when it came in the mail with no scratches or broken features.  The down side was that your internet capabilities are not functional when you get the phone due to what type of plan you get.The organizer is real nice and simple to use.  You can easily keep track of all your tasks that you need to do for the day and manage what tasks need to be done on the day.The keyboard is good although i felt that the keyboard buttons felt stiff when you first start to use them.  However with enough use you can "break them in" and the buttons will start to feel natural.  It was real easy to type in what I want in my messages and i did not have a problem typing in long messages and tasks.  The way the phone organizes your text messages is good and it was simple to keep of who was messaging you.Importing you contacts to the phone was easy too.  If you got all your contacts stored on your SIM card the phone easily imported them to the phone's address book.  I would suggest you put the most important contacts in your SIM card just in case you lose data on your sidekick.I got the product brand new so I did not have any problems with the phone when it came in the mail.  I can not say what it is like to get a used one but buying the device brand new was a good experience.The only downside was the slight lag experienced when you play mp3s and do tasks on your phone.  The device would hiccup every now and then but not too much to become disruptive as you are doing your tasks.Overall i thought the phone is great if you are just starting out in the smart phone phase.  I would recommend this product to anyone and for the price they charge you it is fair.

This phone is ok for a four year old phone. It's big tho. I mean big! Can't hardly fit in pocket. Weight, 8 pounds. You can do better for same price

I really enjoyed the phone when I first got it! It's great, it has a spacious keyboard which is great for texts and I really like the swivel screen. I would recommend the sidekick data plan because without it the phone isn't very fun (I don't have the data plan).The problems I had with the phone was that it's a little too big which is inconvenient at times, there's no touchscreen, and you can't customize the main screen with personal photos only the themes they give you. The phone is also a little outdated, it's a 2009 model so guaranteed it's going to be a little "old". In a world where smartphones dominate, this sidekick has no touch screen and is not thin and small enough to fit in a pocket. It's a little bulky. I wish I would've looked into the size of the phone first.For the price, this is an awesome phone but if you want a phone that will last a long time I suggest a newer phone or model.No problems otherwise with the phone itself, calls are fine and quality is good.

I do not really need all the features of an expensive smartphone, but do a fair amount of texting and was looking for a phone with a QWERTY keypad. This phone absolutely fills the bill. T-Mobile no longer supports Internet access for this phone, but I wasn't looking for that anyway. It took a little time to get used to the interface, but it now seems well thought out and intuitive to me. I think they over-sized the battery for heavy Internet use, and since I just use it for voice and text, I can go for days without charging. The &#34;flip-up&#34; screen is bright, easy to read, and the resolution is excellent. It's a relatively large phone (still smaller than most current &#34;smartphones&#34;), but will still fit into a pocket. The flip-up screen and keypad are perfect for texting, and the trackball and navigation keys make it easy and quick to move the cursor to where you need it. If you only use voice and text, and don't care about Internet access, this phone is fantastic -- and a super bargain.

The greatest gift for my little girl . She enjoyed the gift a lot from me. Excellent product for a kid

I would like to return the phone I got, and get the one I actually ordered. I just need the information.

I have owned this for about 4 months and this is what I've found.Let me go a little in depth into the good and bads:Lets start with the good...1. Cool phone.  When you use it people notice because it is such an original design.  (main reason I like it)2. Awesome keypad.  It is perfect for a texter and the button size is great for someone that can't see all that well.3. Battery life. Lasts about two days of heavy(ish) use.  I have gotten 3 days out of it.Now let me go into the bad...1. Not exactly user friendly.  Slow to navigate and a little unwieldly.2.  Back cover doesn't want to stay on.  No matter how hard you try it won't stay on.  I can just pull it out of my pocket and the back will slide off.3.  Some weird HUGE glitch in there OS.  For some reason when the phone is on for more than 2 days without turning it off, it will basically become inoperable.  The camera won't work and you won't be able to call people.  You won't be able to push certain buttons or respond to texts.  If you try to shut it down to try to get it working again, it won't work.  You have to remove the back and pull out the battery.  THEN it takes about 5 minutes to start up to operable speeds. (has a weird glitch where it won't work smoothly for the first couple of minutes.)This is the SECOND phone to have this issue that I have owned.  I sent the first one back and the second came with the same issues.I wouldn't want someone like my daughter to be in a jam of some kind and then all of a sudden to wait five minutes to remove the battery and wait for it to restart.What if she needed to call 911?I would never recommend this product to anyone.  Cool phone but way too many drawbacks.

I got this unlocked phone because I had an extra line I was paying for.  I gave the phone to my 9 year old son so he could call me if he ever needed too.  The phone works and is sturdy.  Its also good enough for the son.  No extras and zero memory space on the phone.

It's a really cool phone with all the functions you want. I strongly suggest you to purchase this phone. You won't regret it.

package arrived but didn't came in retail package as stated but everything else came along with the phone. everything seem like it brand new

I picked up this new-old-stock Sharp Sidekick last week and so far it has been pretty good.  The elimination of Danger's closed-architecture OS and cloud services (stemmed from Microsoft's acquisition of Danger) is the serious downside to the series, as the lack of web services and the lack of a Sidekick ecosphere for downloading/purchasing extra programs makes it a crippled phone. This forces you to make do with whatever programs the phone has and its stock features (there is no calculator, as one would have to download it from the Hiptop servers, for example).  The membrane keyboard is very difficult to beat for texting, as it is roomy and has a row for numbers.  The Hiptop OS has plenty of useful key combination shortcuts, making it faster than selecting with the trackball or directional pad.  The trackball is very precise and the whole layout of the rest of the controls are intuitive.  The 3MP auto focus camera takes pretty decent quality shots, though can be a bit touchy when you pull up the camera program using the pre-focus/shutter/right shoulder button--as you press and hold, it will take a picture if you hold the button right after the program loads (it does give the option for you to save or discard right after the photo is captured).  Its LED flash is pretty standard fare, though it would be nice to have this as a flashlight as it is fairly bright.  The media program is pretty flexible with creating playlists, except that it is like many other phones with stock media players: there is no equalizer, despite a powerful enough headphone amplifier.  Bluetooth works well, but is crippled compared to other smartphones, as it does not offer a two-way file transfer--just files sent only to the phone.  The MiniUSB connector charges the battery and transfers data to and from your computer as it is shown as a separate drive.  The LCD screen is very detailed and very crisp (dense pixels), which is expected from Sharp.  Phone calls can be made by flipping open the screen and using the keyboard or you can leave the screen in place and use the trackball to dial.  Call quality was good, though compared with my previous phone (LG Incite), the microphone is not as sensitive.Pros:Quality phone hardwareKeyboard and trackball qualityScreen resolutionDecent auto focus camera with LED flashMicroSD support (up to 16GB)MiniUSB--a standard and common connectorCons:Dead closed Hiptop platform (no external sources of obtaining programs)Crippled Bluetooth services (no proper file transfer, just sending files to the phone)Don't expect WiFi, as that was left out of the design.If you never use data services, such as mobile web and email, and tend to text more than you make calls, the Sidekick LX 2009 should be worth looking into--especially if you are a prepaid customer and would rather not settle with a similarly priced LG Neon or a Samsung t369 (both are messaging phones).The particular Sidekick I picked up was new-old-stock (retail starter kit) and was unlocked--though it was missing the 1GB MicroSD card. The rest of the package had the pouch, headphones, T-Mobile SIM, mini USB cable, USB adapter/charger, documentation and phone--all new.  No snags with AT&T; and T-Mobile prepaid services, other than the obvious shuttering of the Sidekick services.

the phone is really bad. it fell apart and had many problems. i don't like this phone at all.  i will never get it again.

I love this phone and don't want to exchange it. I have T Mobile. Data works well, but is not letting me download any games. Any suggestions?

This phone has been discontinued and is not compatible with the Tmobile data services. The only thing you will be able to do with this phone is make calls and send text messages. I went through 3 different phone calls with T mobile before I was told why I couldn't use my phone after putting the SIM card in. So if you are looking for a smart phone I suggest the new Sidekick 4g it is much better.

I think this phone is ok and pretty decent. I mean, you cant get online or do anything besides text, take pics, and make calls so its pretty boring if your sitting and want games and stuff to play. The text and pic msgs fill up so fast that your always clearing your phone for space. Also, if you are a 'texter' like I am, then this key pad WILL become worn out. I ordered this phone back in April this year and it is now October and my keypad is so worn out, I can hardly press a few keys....it looks like its been filed down or something. But this phone is ok....it still works great like the day it arrived and never caused any real problems for me. Decent and reliable phone!

well its a nice looking phone but i cant get on the internet so im sorry i had to send it back

the phone is an excellent smartphone, a bit difficult to use at first as the user manual did not contain much info. I easily set it up for browsing even though i was using it in Nigeria. good qwerty keypad and fancy slider. the only problem was that the catalogue folder was missing from the jump screen and so i cannot install applications or use custom ringtones from the memory card (that's the reason its not getting a five star from me).

This is the best option for someone stuck on a contract an wants to switch their phone for cheap. It arrived within 3 days and is working fantastic. Super fast, crisp screen, and for a heavy texter like me a great experience. The only thing is it's no linfer a 3G phone, tmobile removed the data. The phone works excellent without it though, no delayed texts, nothing. Make sure to buy a separate memory card as there is none included, if you plan to take more than five pictures and use the media player. The battery comes pretty mug completely empty, dont expect to play with your new toy right away, as it needs tocharge for around 4 hours. I did not lose any of my contacts after turning the phone off or taking out the battery, as I am an existing tmobile customer. The camera flash is very bright. Overall, I recommend it to anyone. Best phone for text & call plans. When you turn it on it asks to set up 3G, just select talk and text plan.

This is horrible phone. When I got it, it was perfectly fine but then after awhile it started deleting all the information I stored in there. I thought I might have pressed the reset button but according to the manual there was no reset button. I would really not reccomend this phone to anyone who wants a good phone. The screen also gets dented easily, fingerprints get on the screen very easily as well.

Phone didnt come in the advertised T-Mobile Retail box but I dont really care about that.  The phone worked right out of the box turned it on and checked it out everything was good was listed as brand new and it was!Its not a T-mobile phone though it has no T-Mobile Branding! I dont mind that at all either took it to T-Mobile the same day and got it connected....or course internet doesnt work but that doesnt matter still a great phone for calls and texts.  Calls are clear and crisp and texting is a breeze on the large keyboard.  Very good buy I will definitely be buying more phones from this supplier!

T-mobile does not offer data for this model anymore, so if you are looking for phone for just call & text there are other phone that are more convenient otherwise good luck.

I bought this for my daughter to replaced a blackberry. it was unlocked and it has an awesome key board, very easy to use. After all texting is what she does most!

The new Sidekick LX 2009 PV 300 GSM cell phone I ordered malfunctioned after assembly.  It had been properly charged.  I had no choice but to return it and order a new one.  It is supposed to be an excellent phone; I assume I had the misfortune to receive a lemon.

I bought this product thinking it would work to it's full extent. I got the phone in the mail and I was really excited. I had so many problems. The contacts will not show up and instead of saying the names of people your talking to it only has their number... how am I supposed to know who is talking to me? This phone is old fashioned and the only thing your going to get out of it is text,calling and pic messages. No web ext... no contacts.

This looked like a good phone for me. I don't do anything but call and text from my cell phone. It was a bit complicated and the swing out keyboard makes calling complicated. I am using my old cell phone again as I didn't like it.

good for a bottom of the line beginner non - smart phone. . . . . . . . .

don't go on internet not worth the money the only thing good was shipped on time and package was good

cool phone. unlocked works perfect i have a cingular planpros- good keyboard, doubles as an mp3 player in my car. good battery lifecons- can't add new ringtones besides ones you record using the phone. and only has one game, but the one game is pretty fun. camera not so good qualityi would recommend this phone. it has good sound quality, it does take a little while to configure all the options to your liking, all in all its a very good phone.

The device was in great condition, but if you are an internet user, there is absolutely no ability to access the internet with this device because according to T-Mobile " any sidekick that was made before the most current one (Sidekick 4G) was on a different internet operating system called the sidekick system, but now for the Sidekick 4G it is operating on the Android Market and the Sidekick operating system no longer exists. Again it is a great device for the money, but has NO INTERNET ACCESSIBILITY!!!!! (BTW we are also paying $30 a month for data and they refuse to remove it from our phone plan.)

I bought this phone for my 70 year old mother because she likes the keyboard and didn't want anything too complicated.  This phone has worked out well for her.  It has a lot of great features without being too complicated.  She is very happy with the phone and it was a great deal at the price we paid, as it was new.

this phone is great the im a 15 yr old boy that got this phone and i am with at&t, and it works just fine. i give it a five, because it is stylish reliable, and just plain epic, and worth 80 bucks ten fold. so if you are like me style is a big thing, and this phone has it ALL!!!!!! so in other words ignore all negative reviews, and BUY IT XD hope this helped

Im not so happy with this item it did not come with a battery so with that being said I really don't know if it works or not. I really would like to know what can be done to help me with this problem.

I bought this product on friday and got it on wednesday! the phone works great and came in the same tmobile box. It did come with a pouch which i love it just slides right in and fits the device just right. The only thing i do not like about the phone is that you cannot change the wallpaper but i do love the track-ball it lights up when you get a new message and its so cute. I would reccomend this product for anyone who needs a replacment phone. I absoultly love this phone!

it was sleek smooth and great to blast into the past but to many downfalls like the sim wont be recognized it would freeze and no longr work and track ball messed up .. other than that it was a great phone

I am in a bad state now. Bought this phone like a fool even after reading everyone's review about it. The phone looks good, is classy and stylish. But it reboots itself and erases all contacts, call logs and messages. This has happened to me twice in last two weeks. This makes it a useless phone. Since i don't have the original package and since its been a month after purchase I don't know whether I can return it. Did any other buyer return it without the original packaging.? Future Buyers Don't BUY it!!!

Cant use internet, and its always searching for signal, like wth phone.Its sitting in the floor on my car...

I got this phone because my phone had died, but I wasn't ready to spring for a smart phone.  I always had trouble texting.  The side kick was an immense help.  The phone is very complex and there is a bit of a learning curve to use it.

I love the design and price. However, I still think it is a terrible choice for people even they only make phone call. Without the service you cannot save the contacts in the cell phone once it is run out of power! I had suffered for half year and they went android.

WWhen we first started using the phone we realized it wouldn't go online. Then 2 days later the phone wouldn't turn on at all. Not happy.

i got this phone thinking its a t-mobile phone well i was wrong i wish i never bought this phone from these people when u look at the pictures it states that its a t-mobile phone along with the description i wish i had gone and bought the phone from where i was originally going to buy it  when u turn the phone on it says its a jump phone seriously what kinda phone is that u ppl stated it was a t-mobile phone when it clearly wasn't come on it didn't even have the t-mobile logo on it.i payed 60 dollars for a phone thats not even a t-mobile phone whne i could have took that 60 dollars and bought a real t-mobile phone.

So far the sidekick has been everything that I wanted in a phone. It's old tech but mine came looking very new with the screen being crazy clear and crisp. If you are looking for plain text and phone, this phone is perfect. Only problem is that under t-mobile you can not get picture text messages. I love the keyboard and it is of good size. Another plus was the sellers who were very responsive.

I have owned every Generation of "The Sidekick" by T-Mobile. This one's my favorite. The camera is AMAZING. Fantastic keyboard, If your a texter you'll LOVE this phone. It as an MP3 player that will hold over 100 songs, love that. Screen size is huge. Speaker is surprisingly loud when you play music on it as well. I have never once had a problem with it. I have dropped it a few times, and it has taken the blows no problem. The body of the phone is pretty solid. Battery life is one of the best quality's about it, It lasts all day even with heavy usage. I've gotten almost 3 days of out the battery before I need to plug it in.The only down fall has nothing to do with the phone, but with the phone companies. Because it is a 3G phone instead of 4G, The phone no longer can receive an internet signal because all companies have switched to 4G.I still use the phone to this day & will continue to use it. No internet & all. I love this phone.

Phone kept locking up, ended up replacing it in the matter of weeks worthless phone ended up crashing oh well.

Hate this product, hard to use, TMobile discontinued so no help with it.  I returned right away.  Luckily we could return it and find another phone.

I purchased this phone for my cousin in Jamaica.  She loves it.  The delivery was fast.  The phone was unlocked and ready to use

This phone was in perfet conditon but there is no existing internet server and i was very disappointed so i am sending the phone back

This product is amazing! I got a few days ago and I was so happy with what it does and how it runs (I had a flip phone). It just took long to set my contact book. But overall the phone is good and is a must get.

After looking for several months for a texting phone for my wife, I stumbled on this phone!  My wife LOVED the fact you could not get a DATA PLAN for this phone! We have had a $49.95 FAMILY PLAN from TMobile for years. Now she also gets 300 text, photo text, or video text (or any combination) for only $5.95 a month extra! She loves the high resolution camera and the text pics and text videos are fantastic! She could not be happier!

This phone is completely worth the money. It's stylish and the keyboard is easy to use and the raised buttons make it easy to text. the kick-out screen is one of the coolest and most convenient things I have see a phone do. One of the best things about the phone is how loud the speakers can get. the volume is incredible, most phones I have owned had very low volume setting and for this phone it goes above and beyond. The phone is slim, and the navigation is easy and simple. worth every penny.The only cons I have for the phone is that when using an AT&T; sim card the battery will not fit so I had to file part of the battery down to make the sim card fit with the battery; not to big of a problem, and the internet is unusable as far as AT&T; goes. Also the internal storage is limited but it is an older phone so I can't complain.Great Phone

So i ordered this phone as a temporary phone until I can use my iphone again....i had a sidekick all thru high school and it was my all time favorite phone! so i decided to get this one bc any touch screen phone other than the iphone sucks in my opinion lol so anyway i ordered this phone yesterday and received it today. Its brand new and it was boxed great! only problem is the home screen is not set up like the other ones and I do not see a way to get facebook or aim? im not sure if because its a unlocked phone they somehow changed the layout but if theres a way to fix it the help would be great!

Never work as expected

if you have tmobile you will not have web on the phone witch is not stated in the add at all

What a load of crap. looking for a tmobile phone that takes a good picture and has a text keyboard. don't want internet. sounded perfect. couldn't get it to load up. took it to tmobile and they laughed. the company that handled the internet for this phone went out of business years ago and so they can't be activated to use at all. known fact for years. will return. what a rip off of time and trouble.

Its so outdated but i love sidekicks though. It was awsome during its time however, i now have a sidekick 4 and I love it!

Well,the phone is just ok, too bulky. My biggest disatisfaction came from the fact that I could not connect to the internet. The phone works with T-Mobile, but I use it with simple mobile. I got the phone only to learn that this particular sidekick is not compatible with the internet, simple mobile does not support it with internet use. I therefore have to buy another phone that is compatible with internet in order to make benefit of my data plan. Talk and text is fine. It is also not the best phone to navigate, just very clumpsy, can't even find a darn calculator.

i got this phone and it is brand new and i love it and it works so good i am so glad i bought this from them!!!!

Although the phone was not new as it is advertised,it was in pristine condition.The fact that it is unlocked is a huge plus. I had a sidekick before this one. The sidekick is the coolest phone I've ever had.I recommend this seller.

I bought this phone for one of my 14 year olds, he needed a new phone and all the phones out there today are expensive and smart phones.  I did not want to pay for another data package on my phone bill - and this was the phone he wanted.  He loves it - it gets the job done that he needs - texting and calling - and not breaking the bank for me.  I ordered it for a Christmas present, and it came quickly, packaged nicely - in a new box.  Everything was there that he needed for his phone to work - I am a pleased shopper with Amazon, no problems with anything I have ordered. So far so good. If you are looking for a phone for the basic services this one is working well for my son and he is very happy.

many things not what I needed...Battery has to be charged daily even if not using the phone.  Volume is so low I could not use it except in very quiet areas....even with vol turned to highest. Keyboard is the only positive.

When i got the sidekick i was suprised. i thought it would look all ghetto and cheap but it looked nice. i love the keyboard and the swivel screen is amazing. really love the product but dont like the fact it keeps reseting itself and it deletes EVERYTHING! over all good phone. could use improvement though.

I have no complaints of the phone itself, anyone who does they're research and is wanting to have one in 2013 will decide if it is a suitable phone for they're personal needs. I do have a huge complaint with the seller itself, I bought my sidekick new from BLUETEKUSA, the description of the phone clearly said PV300GR! And they sent me the model: pv300...again anyone who does research on this specific phone, should know that their is quite a big difference on the model. I sent a message to the seller, explaining the situation, and they only thing they could reply back was that they no longer carry the model pv300gr, so my only option was to return it to amazon for a refund.Conclusion: DON'T sell an item under a false description, it's a waste of people's money and time!Sincerely, Julia.

We bought this phone as a replacement for our daughter. It worked great but could not get the internet options (browser, Facebook, etc.) features to work. Called T-Mobile and they said that all of the Sidekick 3g phones use an older digital network that has been shutdown. The newer 4g Sidekicks are all Android based and work fine.The text messaging, phone, and address book features all work great. The phone is really nice even with the missing 30% of features.If you don't need Internet/Facebook/IM chatting then it will work fine. If you want any of those internet features don't buy this phone look for the 4g version of it.

I originally bought from this company the same exact phone. The first one I received from them was EXACTLY what I wanted. Well, that phone was unfortunately stolen and I needed a new one. I decided to buy from them a second time expecting the same thing(same EXACT phone, same color, same case, unopened). All of that was perfect BUT then I turned the phone on and realized it had nothing in the set up of my old phone.This phone did NOT have a calculator, had a bunch of useless icons that my phone previously did not have, Has a timer BUT the timer you cannot customize, and worst of all THIS PHONE IS THE WORST AT SENDING TEXT MESSAGES. Half of them won't reach the person for a day IF AT ALL!The CAMERA will not save any of the pictures I take. EVEN with a memory card. As soon as it turns off the pictures are gone!I only use the phone to text and call and maybe to occasionally take a picture of something to send to someone else which is why I avoided some of the higher end phones because they had useless things that I did not need and I didn't need the data plan.All in all I am very disappointed in this company. I buy the exact same phone from them and they give me something that looks the same but WAS NOT!I would not recommend buying from them given my experience!

My son loves this phone because of its easy in textablitly. It does not require a data plan and came unlocked so adding it to my at&t account was simple as putting his old sim card in.

This phone is amazing. Working great. Brand new. Came with everything it said it came with and I'm already in love with this phone :)

it was 50/50 for me. the good thing is i was very pleased that the order came 2 days after i bought it.the bad thoing is the sim cards was missing.BEWARE if buying this

Upgraded wifes flip dumb phone to this smartphone.  Well it isnt smart but looks good and  works well.  Gives the smartphone feel.  We dont need internet so why pay for it.  Great talk and text!

my mom said i can buy this phone can u put more time on it please!!!!!yes or no^^^

has good price and works well, but you can put your photos on the screen, and you can not put your songs as a ringtone ... I do not like this phone ...

Okay first off. Everything that was said was supposed to come came. -including the micro sd-. I seen some people didn't get their's. But I got mine... Here is going to be some of my Pros & Cons.Pro's:1. good battery life.2. nice keyboard.3. nice quality.Cons:1. If you take off your battery cover it warns you that it will erase your contacts. I did it because some how it froze. But it didn't bother me.2. I can't set my code for privacy since I use it on at&t; network.Also... The game's & tricks are really fun & entertaining. It's like my nintendo. I would buy from this seller again!!! Hope this helps. For the people that want the sidekick lx 09. Btw... I got 5-10 day shipping it came in 3 days!!! Was very happy. :)1-19-2012.- I hate this phone so much. It deleted my contacts 5 times. I put them back in... Cause I didn't think it was a big deal... I wouldn't recommend this phone anymore. I hate this phone more then word's can explain. I think this a (delete the contact phone). Never get this. I would send it back. But I got it for Christmas. I will do more part's . If I start to use this phone again...

This cell phone was decent at firstEverything worked great (except the mediocre camera quality)Towards the end of it's short lifespan everything was messing upIt would freeze, restart, loose all my contacts and then now it wont even start up againAll it does is look like its about to start up and then it turns off again

This phone came without a SD card which was advertised it would be included. I tried with many phone calls and was repeatedly transferred until I gave up. For the price of an SD card Sharp and Amazon have lost my business.

My son loves it it works great!  It opens really nicely the screen locks so you do not pocket dial

Good phone for my Son, very please with the condition of the phone. As describe (brand new)Put in my T-mobil Sim card, it work... I gave the phone to my teenage son with a .99cents prepaid SIMcard from T-mobil web site, easy Activation process on line. I pick the $15 a month plan (.10Cents a Min talk/Unlimited Text. I gave it 4 stars, because of DATA plan are no longer supported. Other than thatthe Flip-screen is too Cool said the teenage Son, with a free phone.

I purchased this wonderful phone YESTERDAY and it came in TODAY. I was really happy that it only took a day to arrive. The phone is a 2009 phone, so of course its not going to have the apps or fancy touchscreen, but man I can text easily on the keyboard which the buttons are not that small. The charger, usb, headphones, micro sd 2 GB card, and even a carring case came with it. Internet isnt on the phone, but I dont mind, I love this phone.

It's overall a good phone but sometimes it loses connection and freezes evn thigh it's brand new..battery life is ok

Did not work - returned item after bringing to T-Mobile for trouble shooting.  Phone did not read the SIM card.  Recieve a new SIM card from T-Mobile and still did not work.

what is the return policy? i want to buy this item but i want to make sure i can return it!

This phone was exciting to use at first till I quickly realized it would freeze up at random times being unusable... Unreliable during times when I needed to access the phone quickly. I think it's probably just too outdated? Does the basics however the battery seems to not be held tightly as well because I would get notifications that it was turned off without being saved or something like that, data might've been lost, an notification like that... So I returned.

Very good product as designed. This one product seems to excel well beyond the rest for the least amount of money spent out of pocket.

I was looking for a phone with a slide keyboard and decided to purchase this one after browsing through the many products on Amazon. The phone arrived in mint condition and it looked great. So far the service has been good (ATT customer) and the battery life is great. My only problem with the phone is the keyboard. The space bar is hard to press and it's giving me trouble because at times i need to press on it hard to get it working. I thought it would have been easier to use since the keyboard gives you a lot of space for your fingers but i was wrong. The keys aren't very sensitive and my other pantech phone could type much better. So overall i give this phone a 4/5, looks great and it has a pretty long battery life. If you love to text and do so frequently this is probably not the right choice for you. Again the keyboard keys aren't soft, you must press hard to make them work. For $80 and free shipping, its a great deal, at least to me.

My son loves the qwerty keyboard and I love the fact it does not support the new generation data streams e.g. 3G, 4G etc., there is no way I will have unexpected billing issues about data. It's been in use for over six months now, even those reviews I read claiming low life spams mean not much. Happy with the product.

So I broke the screen on my TMobile phone awhile ago and I was looking for a replacement. I did a lot of research on Amazon on the best and most affordable phone to buy that I can put my sim card in. So I found the SideKick LX 2009. I read every word on the page about what it came with and the spec. of the phone. I ordered and it arrived about 8 days later. I put my sim card and and made a call. WORKED GREAT for calls and text.BUT i didn't have any applications on the phone and now app download world. I couldn't get my email set up of anything.The next day I immediately called the seller and explained my problem. The women i spoke too was very nice on the phone explained to me that TMobile has discontinued the 3G service on that particular sidekick and that the only thing that would work on the phone would be calls and text.I was a little upset, nothing on the ad said anything about that. The women also explained that this ^^^^^ ad is a general sales ad for all sellers selling this particular phone on Amazon and that they were not able to personalize their specific ad. She apologized and the company gave me a full refund.MY 2 SENSE IF YOU WANT TO BUY FROM THIS COMPANY CALL THEM AND CONFIRM ALL THE DETAILS OF THE PRODUCT WITH THEM BEFORE YOU BUY.

COULD SOMEONE TELL ME IF THIS PHONE IS COMPATIBLE WITH THE SIM CARDS USED FOR T-MOBILE PREPAID? IT WOULD BE MUCH APPRECIATED.. CAUSE I REALLY WANT TO BUY THIS PHONE

For future references for futures buyers. Please be advised that theres a huge difference between the PV300 and the PV300GR. The GR runs on a custom os system meaning that it no longer needs to run on danger servers. Thus allowing the apn settings to be changed and to be able to connect to 3g. I called blutek to inform them about the difference because I received the PV300 yet they dont even know what they're evening selling. They told me that sharp told them its the same phone. Be advised to not to buy the PV300 GR from blutekusa. This is just sad how stupid they are to not be able to know what they're even selling.

so i got the side kick lex i love this ohone but wat pissed me off was thei paid 12 dollers to get in in 2 day and it adout to be 3 day wat the ******

the batery is not working it wont charge just afther 5 days is bad phone now I need to buy a new batery

i couldnt send or receive picture messages and the bluetooth stunk. the only thing i liked was the flip but that wasnt enough for me to want to keep it.

I'm very happy with my purchaseSidekick LX 2009 PV300 Unlocked Phone with GPS and QWERTY Keyboard - US Warranty - Carbon GrayHome Travel Wall Charger + Rapid Cell Phone Car Charger + USB Data Sync Charge Cable for Apple iPhone 3G 8GB 16GB / 3G S 16GB 32GBthank you

this phone is off the chain.  it looks and feels like a transfoemer. i love it because of all its cool features.  it lights up very cooley

A decent last hurrah for the Danger operating system, now totally phased out in favor of modified Android 2.? running on the Sidekick 4G.  Definitely a last gen phone but a good one at that.Brilliant for texting and MMS, the entire point of the phone.Good for emails and calls, battery life is fine if you remember to put it in sleep mode.  No issues with the media player.Connectivity is sometimes an issue, but YMMV. Default UI is pretty "teen-oriented".Phone bugs out on a pretty consistent basis. Will emit a high-pitched whine after removing headphones. Will freeze up occasionally when in sleep mode.Recommended for the price.  A nice alternative if you need a replacement but neither want to spring for the multiple-hundred dollar current gen phones, nor want to wallow in ancient $20 phones.  Definitely good for kids who aren't picky.

I love this phone brings soo many memories back and just as the description says Brand New ..I didn't expect a charger but it came with it thank for for this amazing product

This phone looked okay and came with all the necessary accessories.  However, when you talked over it you heard constant buzzing.  Some kind of interference that never went away, no matter where you were.  When I put the SIM card into a different phone, there was no problem, so the buzzing was definitely this phone's issue.  I returned it.

I brought these phones because I switch cell phones providers. The phone never came and I paid for next day air. I still got two bills for cell phones. This company sucks!

I agree with the majority of what Madinventor noted in his review. However, some of the things you will find out later are that, although the phone is unlocked, its apps are built for T-mobile. That is, if your carrier is AT&T;, you'll easily be able to use your AT&T; SIM card for phone calls and texting. You will not, however, be able to connect using the web browser, IM or email apps. The phone will automatically attempt to connect to T-Mobile's services.If it's possible to reconfigure the apps to work on AT&T;, I haven't found a way. Admittedly, I didn't use these features very often on my old phone, but it was nice knowing that I could. Several prospective buyers also asked Madinventor questions, and I believe that I've also answered most. I should note that, yes, it's supposed to be a "new" phone, but mine was missing the SD MicroCard which was listed under "What's in the box?".Other than what's noted above, it's a nice phone. Just wish I could take advantage of all of its other features.

This is a good phone though I did have some trouble with the slider.... I keep having a feeling like its going to break off lol

The company that makes this phone no longer has a contract with T-mobile so the internet service will not work. Do not buy this expecting it to work with your current T-mobile service. it stated that it may not work but they neglected to state that it will not work.

I receive the item but when my daughter and I tried to connect this to our carrier we were told the phone was no good. I wanted to get a refund, however, when I went into my Amazon account to get the returns information and packaging details I was not able to find my order anywhere. When I finally was able to find the order information I was no longer eligible for a refund. Which I thought was odd, but nonetheless, I will not buy from this seller again.

This product has been working good so far, however it sometimes freezes when you change from one screen to another; it does reset itself though, so it's not that bad only slow. My son loved it until we discovered that due to some limitations of the phone we cannot get it to connect to the internet in our country's (Trinidad & Tobago) networks.Well there is no way the sellers could have ever known about that so I cannot blame anyone. Still a great buy for those whose networks will allow it internet access.

I ordered this phone for my son since he had damaged an older version of this one.  He is really happy with the phone.  The service was prompt and was delivered in a timely fashion as promised.  This is the second time I have purchased a phone from this company and I am very pleased.

I really like this phone. This is my second sk lx 09 i really love their interface (super easy), durability, and they have the best keyboards. FYI the &#34;gr&#34; in  the pv300gr identifies it as being made to use without the hiptop network. It comes preloaded with Opera instead of the original sidekick browser.

I had been strongly considering downgrading my Android smartphone to a talk/text only device as I really only use the extra abilities a smartphone provides, but could not find anything I liked.  As luck would have it my Vibrant got damaged forcing me to make a decision, I decided on this.  This phone does exactly as the other reviewers state: talk/text/picture text/NO data or email.  (I'm on T-mobile BTW.)You can change the backgrounds and ring-tones via a computer using information available on the internet, but it appears you will be stuck with the few applications that come with the phone.  One thing to note, I saw mentioned in some product descriptions GPS and mapping ability. I don't see this anywhere on the phone.My particular phone arrived exactly as advertised, a new T Mobile branded phone in T Mobile retail packaging, with charger, data cord, bag/cover, book, and software CD.  No SIM card or memory card. The box had been opened (I assume to unlock the phone), there was not screen protection film like on most electronic items but everything appeared to be new and unused.  At the end of the first week, it is working well and I am quite happy (my "old" smart phone would have crashed at least 20 times in this same time period.)One thing to note, my spouse has a 4G Sidekick and prefers the user interfaces and call announcements of the older Sidekick.  If you are looking for a Text/talk only device I would strongly recommend this phone.

Works pretty nice for the price.  The swivel part feels almost like I could accidentally break it but its been holding up.  The track is like every other track ball ever made, it has problems but its ok.  The screen is nice to for the price.

it works great. Dont know what other people are saying (does not work on att) mine works fine. I think they just dont know how to work it!

Sick and tired of being tied to a contract with AT&T;, I want to go for prepaid. I did some researches on several phones including the Sidekick LX. Finally, I decided to abandon my iPhone and go for the Sidekick. Since T-Mobile stop offering data plan for Sidekick, I can use this smartphone without spending extra bucks (for the data plan that I rarely use). Its well designed keyboard make it a perfect phone for texting...Pros:- Battery life- Cool keyboard- Fast- Sturdy built- Sound quality- 3.1 Megapixel Camera- Easy to use- No contractCons:- None so far

This phone worked for a while but it falls apart. Shuts off by itself and won't turn back on unless you take out the battery. It really sucks!

It was advertised as, "brand new". What I received was a refurbished cellphone. I Hope The Electronix Shop corrects it's mistake and shipps me thier (NEW) Sidekick cellphone. I sent them a return request.Update: The Electronix Shop stated that the packaging labeled, "refurbished" was incorrect but the cellpone is new. I opened the box and all the items look new. I will take their word for it. I performed a functions check and everthing worked as expected.

My son needed a new phone but didnt have the internet and So I found this phone and it has been a great phone.

This lasted 2 months and then started to malfunction. The phone would freeze, when a call came in it would turn off and the buttons stopped working. Maybe I got a lemon but my Nokia has not issues after a year.

its a good phone with lots of customization you can do with it. the only downside is that there is no web use.

It's a Sidekick..which is sort of an outdated phone by today's standards. You get what you pay for. I bought mine this week for about 45 dollars, refurbished. I have T-Mobile but could no longer afford a 30 dollar data plan for my MyTouch (which I LOOVVE). So I downsized for the time being.For 45 dollars, it does what I need it to do. I talk, I text. I take pictures, I send pictures. If I wanted to do things on the internet, I would have stayed with my MyTouch and continued to pay for the Data plan. I would not use this phone expecting to use the internet, or apps, or download games, etc. If you are a heavy texter, like I am, then this phone is great for the price. It's sturdy and cool looking, if not a tad bulky for my tastes, but it will do the job.I hope to be able to get back on the Smartphone band wagon by next year, but until then, I will enjoy my Sidekick.

Love the design of the phone. After 2 months of use, I notice the phone have little minor problems, like freezing. Sometimes I have to turn off the phone to get it to properly work again. However, this is a good texting phone. This phone is not the greatest, but it is workable.

Broke within a few months of buying, also deletes contacts, piece of crap equipment, save your money,dont buy this phone

First of all, I thought this would be a steal. Since it's so cheap. Sidekick was the best thing back then so I decided to get one, to see whats all the fuzz is about. Bought it directly from Amazon and not any other seller. It did not come with original packaging, it did not come with any micro SD card, and the back of the swivel screen of the sidekick did not have any logo to show that its a sidekick lx 2009, instead its a black piece of plastic covering it.Return it because it did not turn on after I charge it. Since they gave me a white box instead of the original box, I'm assuming I got a returned product and that its defective. I would suggest it but after what happened, I will stay away from the Sidekick.

I liked this product when I saw it online because I liked the keyboard portion of it. Upon receipt, I really did not like as much as I had liked. The keyboard was slow, you have to press really hard. The ball point to navigate to other program menus were annoying and hurt my fingers after several roll of it. The internet portion of it, did not work.Overall, it just did not meet expectations as I had imagined.

Too flippy and you have to use two hands to operate.  But it makes cool noises like &#34;swish&#34; and &#34;swoosh&#34;.  Also, the camera required a memory card to use, and it did not come with one.  I sent it back.

Works great! Still working as expected after 7 months. Very quite operation and would recommend this product to friends and family. My wife likes it.

Looked for a phone with a QWERTY keyboard to be able to text lots easier, and wanted an unlocked phone to be able to use my T Mobile Prepaid To Go plan.  This phone works great, but here are my issues:  It has a 3.2 megapixel camera, but even though it was sold and shipped by Amazon, it did not arrive with the instructional cd nor the micro sd card for the camera.  So how is a person to learn what all these buttons do?  So far in the last 6 hours since it arrived, I am just winging it.  Had to go out and pay for my own micro sd card, and am searching online to find the instructional video.  Wish me luck !!!

Nothin special to signal, evrythin perfect ! ;)Shippin in time, shippin box without problems, it was perfect ! ;)

The phone worked as expected for the first month - was able to enable MMS (picture messaging) and use as normal.  Then one day it powered off during use - and would not turn back on.  You can take the battery out for a few minutes then replace and power-on the phone, but it immediately turns off before the boot finishes.  Phone is completely useless now.Also, this happened while on vacation and I missed the return window by 3 days.  Bummer.

I bought this phone because my son likes to text, so is not expensive and does what he wants...so I'm buying another one for Christmas for my daughter.

The PV300GR Is actually called the Sharp Jump which is exactly like the lx09 but updated os and it is way better then the normal PV300 (sk lx 2009) do to the fact IT CAN HAVE DATA by just changing the APN in the network settings. The regular PV300 (Sidekick LX 2009) could not do this it was stuck on the original sidekick setting. Anyways such a simple setup just pop in the sim card and  your good to go and just the thought of not having to buy a data plan and just have a text and talk phone Is AWESOME for people who don't care for the internet capabilities, Very satisfied with this product don't care that its a 3 year old phone its still way better then your basic flip phone.

This was  a great phone it just moves very slow and it did not hold a charge for very long. And also my SD card would work in this phone.

I had looked at reviews of the sidekick lx 2009 and i was looking forward to getting the phone in the mail. When received the phone i turned it on and plugged in all my contacts with no problem. It worked for about 2 weeks then one day i turned it on and all my contacts were lost. This didn't bother me too much because i had saved them and uploaded them without a hitch. The next day i didn't use my cell phone, but i kept the phone plugged in to the wall just to keep it charged.In the morning i woke up and tried to turn on my phone. It wouldn't turn on. No lights. No noise. No anything. I had looked at FAQ's online and found out that you can over charge the battery, meaning you would have to watch the phone until it was completely charged and then unplug it immediately or it won't turn on. I bought a new battery, tried different chargers and nothing seems to work.The phone has no water damage, or cracks. It's less than a month old and the phone won't turn on, its broken. I'm going to contact T-Mobile to see what they can do because its still under the 1-year warranty, but as for buying another sidekick product, or recommending this phone, I don't think i would or could.

The phone kept shutting off and wouldn't work. I couldn't receive or send calls or texts after a few days use. Save your money

this item was what it said great phone amazing for the price i fully give it 5 stars but i never got the sim card for it but thats not a very big deal if your looking for a phone to replace a smart phone then you found it great phone im in love with it. its only txt and talk no internet so you dont have to worry about battery life its great

I bought this phone to replace my broken Blackberry so I didn't have to pay alot of money.  The phone is awesome.  I can do all of my internet surfing still and Facebook updates.  There are many downloads, and I still have my GPS with this phone.  Fpr the price, this is a steal.  I definetly would recommend this as a replacement phone.

I purchased this phone for my sister for Christmas. It was perfect for the first couple weeks. She then noticed it would turn off randomly while texting and recently it completely died and will not turn on! I understand sometimes electronics have preoblems but this was supposed to be a brand new phone. Please email me back so we can either get this replaced for I can send you back the phone for a refund. Thank you!

I was looking for a phone with a keyboard to text and ALL of the phone that have keyboards are required to have a data plan. I came across this phone and am so so so happy. YOU cannot get on the internet, but you can talk and text and its so nice to have that full keyboard. I have T-mobile and brought the phone to them and they set it up and got it working !! perfect!! THX AMAZON!!!

I bought this when I was in Afghanistan - was tired of the little tiny cruddy Nokia phones. It's no smartphone, but it's better than what they had for sale at the PX. My Roshan SIM card worked well. Used this as an MP3 player as well. The headphones aren't half-bad.

This unlocked version freezes a lot and shuts down randomly from time to time and once you turn it back on again you will find that all of your information such as your email and your address book and any other media on you phone at that time has been erased. However this may just be due to that fact it is unlocked or that I just so happened to purchase a faulty device. In either case be cautious when purchasing this item.

I bought it for one of my doughters. She saw it when we were visiting some relatives in NYC and I can say it was love at first sight. I couldn't buy it there but fortunately I could find it in Amazone. Though it doesn't have WI-fi connection, she likes it a lot.

for the $ i paid, it was alright. its a little tricky to get used to and didnt have an actual calendar which is a feature i use all the time. also it was working fine until it suddenly went beserk on me last week. it was turning off and on all day and wouldn't let me do anything. come to find out it ran out of memory, never told me, and deleted all my contacts and some pictures

Well the Sidekick LX 2009 did come in good condition but without a CHARGER. I knew what kind of phone it was because I owned one before. However, sometimes you get 'invisible' text msgs that aren't there when you check them and sometimes after deleting all your voicemails, it still somehow shows the icon as if there is still one. Other that that, it is a phone that is very appropriate for texting given its large keyboard and large screen. But if you prefer light phones, you wont probably like this one because it weighs a ton! Overall a simple phone if you are not into apps and other stuff your laptop or Mac can do anyway.
