
The phone does do what it says..........  However.....  The keys are WAY to small and I have small fingers.  So unless you are a pre-teen, I would avoid this phone.

its ok ,my wife likes a lot thanks. it is a cool cel phone for the price i paid i like it also.

A little background: Hello, I have been with Virgin Mobile for 5 years of those years I have updated my phone fairly offend I put a lot of wear and tare on my phones and  because I wanted new and better tech on my phone. I have had 4 Kyocera phones from Virgin mobile and have never been disappointed by what Kyocera as a phone maker has to offer and remember each of these phones fondly my most recent Kyocera phone through Virgin Mobile being this one and though I am about to tuck it away in a drawer for safe keeping so I can update to an Android phone through the Virgin provider  I felt I owed it to this phone to give it a review this truely is a great phone for what I needed it for.Pro's and Con's Of The Kyocera Loft By Virgin MobileI'll start with the Pro's- This is a very reliable phone as a phone it has decent battery life and though I had read that it drops calls a lot for some this has not been my experience with this phone it has been very dependable for calls dependable enough that I no longer have a home phone and this has been the main way of contacting me.- It is great for text and picture messaging and has and I am still awed with how many pictures & messages I can save  and keep on this phone with little noticeable lag on other functions.- The camera is not the best but is decent for the price and a steady hand goes a long way with how the camera preforms for youOver all the basic functions as a phone make this phone money well spent it is VERY good on basic functions and well beyond acceptable for the price. I got this phone once from amazon had it stolen and replaced it through virgin mobile and was pleased with both units i got though I did have to pay for it both times Virgin did pay the shipping and handling for the replacement phone and it was to me within days of my order from Virgin's web site... my amazon order did take a little longer but it was also standard shipping so can't complain.- Feels good in hand and has a rubberize finish that feels like rubber silk and is very resistant to wear and tare which very nice to me.- Decent screen- Durable it can take a beating in a dark ally at night in new york.Con's of the Kyocera Loft from Virgin Moble- I was not impressed with connect at all... it's not as great as some of the reviews made it out to be and it is slightly easyer to install opera mini and take care of your social networking and e-mail through there.- The internet can be slow on this phone though pages do load in time if your looking for a phone with Bing-Bang-Zip faster then the speed of light your there... this may not be the phone for you. though the Opera brower is a MUST as the internet browser pre-installed on the phone is VERY VERY slow.- No, you can not listen to music on this phone- No, you can not watch or take video with this phone- No self picture mirror or flash on this phone.Over all I have enjoyed this phone if you can deal with the limitations of this phone you will too.

thats all my phone does when i'm on a call??????? i have had the same type of phone for about 1 year and it was time for a new one so i ordered the same phone. It is older then my current phone and it beeps constantly when  i'm on it.... not sure what all thats about but i'm all set with the annoyance???

Only gave it four stars because of placement of volume controls on side. They constantly move up and down causing the phone to go silent causing me to miss calls and texts. One was extremely important and led to significant problems foryw me. Buttons are small but I've learned to work with them. Not a bad phone for me.

this is great phone .looks good,great sound,4hour talk time,buttons are small,but i can deal with it.an the price is right

I feel this phone is a good upgrade phone for anyone coming from a basic phone.  The item was new as described and easy to activate. Been having for about 3 wks now and am pleased with it. The $35 price with free shipping was the cheapest anywhere at the time I had found the phone on amazon.Its not heavy, a nice size.  The calls are clear and the speaker phone is as well. Texting is much easier for me now and I would say that's the main purpose of this phone.Like others have noted you can access internet but can't download any videos or music as the streaming feature isn't available for this phone. I knew that already after doing some research b/f choosing the phone so its not a big deal.  When it does become a big deal though, amazon will be one of the first places I'll look for my next virgin mobile phone!

I'm going to return this phone for the simple flaw of having a terrible, terrible keyboard. I pretty much use my cellphone to text and make the occasional call. My previous phone didn't have a QWERTY keyboard so I decided to (finally) upgrade to make texting easier. Imagine my surprise and disappointment in realizing that the keys on the keyboard were so tiny and closely spaced together that I had an easier time texting with my old phone.I did not use any of the other functions, so I can't comment on them. I'm disappointed: it's an attractive phone, feels good in my hand and generally seems like a solid Virgin Mobile PayLo phone.

I just got this phone today. It was pain getting it programmed and set up. But once it was set up the features it offers are great and sounds lot better than at&t gophone. I enjoyed playing around with it although the keypad was annoyingly small.

Love it if you live in Idaho and u do the free cell phone nice deal

this phone is great.  i'm glad i have it, but i'm still trying to get used to a few things about it.  first, the battery does not last nearly as long as my old phone.  granted my old phone was a basic simple cell.  but this one only lasts a couple days at most and did suddenly die on me while i was out on two different occasions, and i have not owned it a month.  also the keys are very small so it's taking time to get used to the "keyboard" on it.  dialing the phone is hard for me on this.  peace...

I wanted to sign up for a mobile service called Page Plus Cellular and this phone was exactly the same as the one they are selling. But this phone is preprogrammed to Virgin Mobile. It wouldn't activate for Page Plus so I sent the phone back for a refund. The phone itself looked very nice.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY 11YR OLD DAUGHTER FOR EMERGENCY AND I WAS SHOCKED AND AMAZED ON ALL THE FEATURES! WELL WORTH IT

This is a decent priced replacement phone, my Blackberry died and I needed something not too expensive ASAP. I haven't really worked with the internet functions on it, and don't use it as much as I did my old phone, but it does the job and the price was right.

I am happy with my Virgin Mobile phone because it resembles my old phone( Blackberry Style) I can stay in touch and not have to learn how to use a new phone. It's works great for me because I don't spend half my life on the phone..It get the job done.

Bought these phones for me and my wife.  Very happy with the quality and price.  They were shipped quickly and work as advertised.  Great for texting.

Very good phone with many features works well for my purposes. Just wish a couple of the important keys were a bit bigger and more accessible. It makes unlocking the keyboard each time a bit cumbersome, though you can remove that feature if you want to.

Nice phone. Keyboard is very small.Excellent sound quality. For the price, it is a great value!Virgin Mobile has some great plans. For those who are looking for a good phone and rate, you can't beat either.

I am very happy with the phone for the most part. The drawback for me, as an older person, is the keypad is very tiny and you have to get accustomed to using your fingernail to do the dialing. The number one dials is large and very clear on the screen, however, eliminating calling wrong numbers. Texting is convenient on this phone because there is a key for each letter and punctuation that I did not have on my old phone. If the keypad is not a problem for you I would recommend it. Pricewise, it is a good value.

I had been looking for a phone that was not very expensive but had a lasting quality and was easy to use. This phone has a nice picture quality and the phone itself is a nice size. It's kind of bulky but not as big as other phones I have seen. I will say I don't like how small the keys are..it's alot to get used to especially if you text alot. But a great phone overall and i really have no bad comments about the Kyocera.

The item, a cell phone from amazon, was defective. I could not use it. I could not get it to work, including not getting on a network to have it do basic procedures. So disappointed

This is a very nice phone for its low price point. I gave it four stars because the keys are a little small nod hard to press at times. No dropped calls with this phone.

I bought this phone to use its blue tooth in my car and I find it quite effective in that regard as my old phone did not do the job. It is small, light and easy to use. However it is hard to shut it off, the keyboard is bothersome. Anyway it is not the ultimate phone if you want one but it will do for the time being.

I am returning this phone.  The numbers are way too small.  Also I found I couldn't even push the numbers with ease.  This is the first time I've had to return anything I brought from Amazon so I was very disappointed.

the phone was a gift for my mom for christmas, but the buttons were too small ,and she kept on hitting the wrong keys,so I am saving the phone for my son . love the pricing of the phone.

Its a good phone for a beginner! But the only problem is the speakerphone does not allow you to have it on blast it will give you horrible feedback. Other than that its okay very light weight so please get a protector if you plan on using for a while. Easy to use and practical. Not good for multi-tasker's recommended going with smartphones.

In the end I couldn't use it, but a nice phone.  When I tried one of these (a Kyocera Loft, on Virgin's Beyond Talk, but the same phone) it came in handy when I used it where I couldn't get Cricket coverage.  And (only) because it let me install Opera Mini, I was able to access my work e-mail and bank website--which I couldn't do with Cricket's low-end text phones at all.  But this one wouldn't let me use my own ringtone.The good:Voice was very good, Calls clear, and easy to use speakerphone feature.Good camera.  Pictures were clearer and more usable than on some 2MP phone cameras.Operating system provides for Java app support.  Opera Mini and Google Maps already installed--good because Opera provides access to web resources most phone web browsers don't, and Google Maps lets you use the GPS without paying to use Virgin Mobile's one.So many other phones like this make it hard not to accidentally open the web browser, but not this one.The bad:Keypad is good size, but the two-level keys limit the size of the text on the keys and seems a poor third choice to the usual domed keys or slightly separated ones.Sprint coverage has not been as good as the other major carriers--or even Cricket--where I live.Sprint locks the phone so it only allows use of the included ringtones or those purchased from Virgin Mobile.  I suppose this is a bit picky, but the available ones seem to be mostly music and a few sound effects.  I use a couple of very specific tones for voice and text, and it didn't look like there were any appropriate substitutes.Though the camera is quite good, the viewer isn't.  The best way to appreciate how good the pictures are is to set one as a background or send it to another phone or a computer.  You can't view images fullscreen.I never found a really good idle screen option.  For both the Cricket phones I had used and the LG phones I've used, it was easy to use a monthly calendar as the clock display, but nothing like that on this one.This is a really nice phone, if you can live with the limitations.  It would still make a nice entry-level phone for Beyond Talk, but Virgin Mobile doesn't advertize it as such.And yes.  Looking on Virgin Mobile's site it looks like this phone is one of the few that CAN run on either Beyond Talk or PayLo, so add program flexibility to its advantages.

What a great phone! I have been using it for several months and I have been surprised. The phone is fast, and the keyboard makes texting a breeze.

This is a really reliable phone. I've had it almost 3 years and dropped it I don't know how many times and it still works perfectly. I like the keyboard and the phone surprisingly holds a considerable amount of pictures. It's not the best but it is great quality for the price. What I don't like about it is the fact that you can't watch or take videos, the camera could be better, and you can't download any apps for free. Overall this is a good phone to have when you are low on money and trying to save for a smartphone.

Product was exactly as described, details did not include exactly what was in the package (charger) but luckily I had one to fit...shipped was super fast with excellent packaging.

I first got this phone in June of 2010. I was tired of paying a ton for a contract. It did take me awhile to get used to the keyboard, but I have small hands so it worked for me. There were small issues after I had had it for awhile.FOR EXAMPLE:After awhile, If I got a missed call, it would show I had a missed call but would not show who it was that called me.You always have to select text instead of photo, that gets annoying but eventually you get used to that too.It is not a super fast phone, and it lags a little when you start a text message.I liked that I didn't have to worry about damaging the phone. It was so cheap, that if I needed to replace it it would be no big deal. I thought I would upgrade to another VM phone, but realized that I liked this one much better. I returned the new phone and went back to this one. I think this phone is great, and for what they charge, amazing! Be aware, this phone USED to be on their prepaid plans, but now is only offered under Paylo. I use Paylo, and they have a really good plan with 30mb of data. You don't need much data at all if you only check facebook/email. I have never even come close to using up all the data and I check my facebook several times a day on it.

Had this phone for a little over a year, great for texting and talking. Stopped notifying me when I recieved texts, had to keep checking it. If this wouldn't have happened I would still be using it. Too bad as I really liked this phone, Still with Virgin Mobile but a different phone, have been with them for years.

I purchased my previous Kyocera S2300 approximately two years ago from another source.  It stopped taking a charge without any warning. Replacement battery was not available, so I ordered a whole new phone. Transfered info manually and hope I didn't forget anyone.  Also hope I get more than two years from this one. Thank goodness Amazon had this in stock and was able to ship immediately.

I think this cell phone is one of the nicest looking ones around (I'm no fan of those touchscreen phones). It's small and tiny and it has a big screen. It's nice to hold. And it's pretty slim. The buttons are microsized but I don't mind it too much.The camera I had an issue with for awhile (until I learned how to fix the problem). My phone wasn't able to send pictures to emails or other cell phones. All I had to do was change the picture setting to LOW (instead of high) quality. After doing this, I was able to send a picture "successfully" according to my phone (although whom I sent it to said they never received it). Anyway, I'd just try this as it does help with picture messages.Next the ringtone. Two separate issues. The ringtone is somewhat static sounding when it rings. I downloaded some ringtones and they all sounded this way. Also, I cannot get the ringtone to ring for more then 5 seconds (for some reason) for text messages. I contacted support and I didn't get any solutions. Also, there are NO smileys..which stinks.I do like this phone. I just wish the ringtone was alittle clearer. It's selling for cheap now (I bought it when it was $50) so for the price I do recommend.

love it. If you want something to talk on that isn't too fancy, this is the right fit. Looks presentable. Go for it right now.

I'm looking forward to purchasing this phone myself. I recommend this phone. This is a great price. Please take advantage of this great offer. I hope you like as I know I will too. Good luck to everyone.

do not but this phone,this phone will only work in some places,and they will not give your money backKyocera 2300 Prepaid Phone (payLo by Virgin Mobile)

I got this phone as an upgrade for my Assurance Wireless el cheapo, at around half what Virgin wanted for it. I don't care for how tiny the keys are; I keep fat-fingering it. However, it does have Google maps and a decent GPS so I'm happy with it.

The first phone did not ring when calls  came in.  I contacted Amazon and they are amazing with returns.  The replacement has worked better, but lately the phone has been dropping calls.

I bought this phone as my first one from Virgin Mobile, and have been very happy with my purchase.Pros:-Full keyboard-Fits well in my pocket-Surfs the web great considering the OS-Reliable: freezes and drops calls FAR fewer than any other phone I have used-2 to 3 DAYS battery life, even after 14 months of use and regular internet talk, and texting-The value of 1200 min plus unlimited text/data/web for $40+tax-On board Opera Mini browser makes the most of the internet on this platform-Virgin mobile service (Sprint-powered) has hands down been the best service I have had (ATT before, and other Verizon friends are likely to convert with the cost savings and competitive phone selection)Cons:-Small keys on keyboard can be difficult to operate-no room for expandable memory-its relative obscurity seriously limits choices of cases or covers (I use a belt clip holder for a blackberry of similar size and it works great)-cannot stream radio or watch videoI give this phone 5 starts because none of the cons listed were important to me when I purchased the phone, and the solid virgin mobile (sprint) service has been amazing for what I pay per month for the phone.Things that should be noted:I (try to) take great care with my electronics, so over 14+ months of use I have dropped it probably 5 times, and with no screen protector it has a scratch-less screen, so I cannot attest to durability with repeated drops and how it would survive in a pocket with keys.Its not flashy by any means, but it is a solid full keyboard phone for the price.

This phone has lasted me forever! It lasted me about 4 years of use until yesterday. It passed away with charging problems. No life left in it. Let's see what this phone is like in today's world..Pros:-Long battery life-Solid (beat it up and it still lasts!)-Small-Ease of use-Doesn't freeze..Cons:-160 character limit (1 message at a time)-Low camera quality, but works!-Slow-Small screen-Small keyboard, but easy to get used toIn todays world, I don't want to buy this phone again. There are many other options out there like: better camera, touch screens, faster processing, music and storage..etc! Buy this phone if you can get it for less than 30 bucks :)

I've had this phone for a year and a half, and now that I am upgrading, I thought I would write a review based on my experiences with it.PROS:The phone itself is small and sturdy.  It is easy to navigate the menus.  The speakerphone is very solid and loud, one of the best I have ever used.CONS:The keyboard is very small and cramped.  It can be tricky to figure out how to dial phone numbers that contain letters. The reception on this phone is not as good as one would expect.  The camera is a little lacking.  The web browser is functional, but if you are looking for something to play videos or stream music, look else-ware.  This phone has very few apps, although the ones it does have (instant messenger, mapping software, ect) are functional.Overall this is a fairly good phone, and the price it is currently fairly reflects its value.  When I purchased the phone it was $100.As far as the Virgin Mobile service, I found it to be a fair value for what you pay.  Be prepared however, if you have an issue with the service it can be nearly impossible to get someone live on the phone to help you, and it can take a long time to resolve problems.  My phone wouldn't send text messages for some reason (I am on a monthly plan that includes unlimited texting) and it took over a week to resolve.  They did credit me some free talk minutes, but it didn't really compensate for the hassle of having to call them every day and wait for 20 to 30 minutes to speak to someone.

This is a great phone. It has a very beautiful and clear, easy to read screen, surfs the web very fast, takes good pictures, and makes texting easier with a full keypad. The only problems I have with the phone are, as another person said, the buttons are very tiny. Also, the texting defaults to "Urgent" and there seems to be no way to remove that. That may just be a problem with the carrier though (mine is Revol). Overall, despite a couple of problems, I still feel this phone is worthy of a five star rating. I highly recommend it to almost anyone.

if you're expecting a blackberry type phone, expect to be disappointed.  this phone is clumsy and slow.  just get a real blackberry.

i would not recommned this phone to anyone.  The battery dies right away and the description had a lot more featurres than what it actually has.

I recieved a free phone from Assurance Wireless...that in my opinion was substandard...be advised that I am a former cell phone sales associate that was with Circuit City for years...top sales in my region. I purchased this one that was more text friendly to use with my added 200 text pack. It is similar in size to my Samsung Freeform that I had with Metro PCS ....the keys on the keyboard are slightly raised and the wasted space between keys on this phone is better put to use for larger/longer more finger friendly keys. The battery life is so much better than the free phone I was sent. Virgin Mobile/Assurance wanted 60 some odd dollars for this phone...too much thanks Amazon for putting a better phone in my financial reach to use with my "lifeline"...assurance did help with the serial numer transfer...be aware that they "assurance" may charge $10 to do the transfer...but I have to thank them for waveing that in my case. I'm very happy with my purchase.

This phone is actually a paylo phone not a prepaid phone which there is a difference. The paylo phones you can only use the paylo plans with which my daughter does not have. Now i have to go through the hassles of returning and reordering.

This phone was okay. The keys are so small, that it should only be used for kids/teens. Other than the keys, the phone worked well. Just a basic phone!!

I have owed 3 Kyocera phone over time they are a good company with good products,When my son needed a phone I gave him choices he choose this one it was a good day.He loves his phone &#34;thanks dad&#34;

I have been with Virgin for close to 10 years now and this is my 4th phone with them.  I usually keep a phone until it dies.  When I bought this one it was almost $100 but still cheaper than the blackberries were.  At first it had to be used with a data plan but now I use it with the prepaid minute plan as I don't do much talking.  In the three years I have had it I have been very happy.  It does everything it is supposed to do.  It does not play music or stream video, but it is not programed for that.  The keys are a little small but I soon got used to them.  If you want a phone for movies and music, look at an android or iphone.  If you want a basic phone that is good for texting, talk, checking facebook or your bank balance, than this is the phone for you.

The phone was easy to learn how to use and has done everything I need it to do since I got it.

For the price I paid you would of thought there would be place for an micro card. I have a Trac Phone that looks the same and I paid only $19.99 for it and you can put in an micro card in it. Very poor product

For $35 this phone is a pretty decent phone. It has everything my wife needs in a phone. Its menus are very handy and easy to use. It has a conversation style option for messaging which is nice. Calls are clear and reception is pretty decent. The only downfall are awkwardly placed buttons especially around the top. The talk button is recessed and the speaker button is right over it and more pronounced. The top configuration of buttons is very poorly planned and is the only reason I gave it four stars. I would not pay any more than $35 for this phone though. In today's market that's all this phone is worth.

DO NOT ORDERED THIS!  Ordered this for my stepdaughter will not power on. Just give message about battery power. I will not reorder this phone>
