
Bought this for a friend who had the same kind before. But lost it and loved it. For the price it couldn't be beat.

When i typed in the search bar for Verizon Prepaid phones, this one came.  I purchased it and It is not at all verizon compatible.  Very disappointed.

I have this Samsung phone for several years, using Net10. I do NOT use most of the features, but have not had any problems at all with any of them I have used. I have another 4G phone, had it working for a month, and cancelled it because is's a waste for me...This has a slider keyboard for texting, has call reject list, takes good pics and does everything I use very well.The only problem with it was a loose battery that would cause it to shut off...I used a small piece of electrical tape to tighten up the battery fit, and have not had that problem since.This is the best phone I have ever used for my purposes - I do NOT use it for browser very often, but it is usable for that.If you are NOT a person who is continually on the phone this is a great phone for you....can not beat it for the price...the  Net10 package I buy is 60 days for about $25, no extras for anything and rollover of all unused minutes.Great phone for my type of use.

This is a very useful phone at a great price. The Net 10 service has been extremely reliableand the phone functions well. The only problem is the microphone which is located at the bottom rear of the phone, sometimes affecting the call quality. Otherwise, it has been a fantastic alternative to expensive traditional cell phone plans!

The Samsung T401G cell phone is a disappointment for me. Voice mails seem to have astuttering problem. Reception in my area seems spotty. Can not recommend this phone or perhaps its the Net 10 service that is the problem. Will not keep it after the minutes run out.

easy to text...good size numerical keypad...would recommend this phone to my friends. great idea for gift giving! great phone to have!

This is the second phone in 7 months I've bought that won't hold a charge more than 24 hours!  The review said it would hold for days, but it's not happening.  I'm very upset that this has happened again.

I bought this phone to make international calls and texts with the qwerty keyboard.  I was disappointed to discover both texts and calls outside the US are blocked.  I later discovered they are possible if you are careful to choose the correct prepay international plan.  I then succeeded in my international calls but it is not very good.  You have to call a special number first (like using a phone card) and then type in your tel number. Awkward. Also it only calls land lines and NOT international CELLPHONES!  Also it is not very cheap and the prepaid money starts being used as soon as you call the special number.  If you missdial or the person does not answer you are still using your prepaid money without a successful call.  This system is OK -better than nothing -but you may find a better deal somewhere else.  I will keep the phone as a standby only.

for my price it was cheep.. but the model what not up to date to my other one. slow and out dated

First off I love this phone. This phone is great for everything. I've been with NET10 for over a year now and this is my 3rd phone and this by far the best phone I've had. It has alot of good features like: camera, camcorder, voice recorder, and more. It has a pretty decent battery life as well. If you are with NET10 and looking for a great cheap phone, this the one to get!!!

User friendly phone.  Has everything I need.  Had this model before, and it lasted n4 years.  Searched to find another one.  Very glad I found it!  The vendor I bought this from is excellent.

I like the slide out keyboardand small size - purchased this as a replacement for an older 401g (it got wet)The web feature from net 10 is too hard to use, but for a easy to use phone and simple camera it works

The phone is OK, the slide out keyboard uses flat rubber keys which are much more difficult to use than rounded, hard keys from other manufacturers. The feedback to tell which are caps or symbols is weak; it is very difficult to enter passwords. I suggest you practice passwords in the messaging function.The main problem is porting a number. Net10 does not explain you will have a dead phone for 2 weeks, you cannot call out and no one can reach you through the new or old number, and Net10 will still charge you for service days.You activate a net10 phone with their new number. You then go through the porting process. 3 hours later the old number was on the new Net10 phone - for 2 days. Then Net10 deactivated the phone. They said they needed to send a new SIM card, which would take 10 business days (14 calendar days.) They keep subtracting service days from the dead phone.I called customer service who said "I cannot help you without the tracking number" Nowhere, ever, did they mention the SIM tracking number. Called again, got another person, explained it, the person took 1/2 hour to find the tracking number, then said I had to wait for the SIM card. I asked about the service days. The person said there is no adjustment.Good thing I have 2 cell numbers and tried porting only one.

Gave this cell phone to my girlfriend for her birthday in August, she loved it, especially since she was so tired of being ripped off by her old cell company, since joined net10.

This is a great pre-pay phone at at $15. a month service, that is all I need it for. If you need more min's no problem just add them, right from the phone.

Phone met all expectations,easy to set up&use-it;'s great.For the price it can not be beat.I am sure that anyone who purchase'sthis phone will enjoy all that it does.

The phone was a good quality phone, i suppose but so very limited. Texting was totally useless but the signal was good.

I have a;ways really like the Samsung T401G. I know the technology is becoming obsolete but it serves me well.

bought to help a friend out that need a cellphone until their tower was fixed for their other cellphones uses

had it before and bought a different phone the numbers , letters were to small and paid more. Whish I could return it.

Cute little phone, great price, but...This phone says it has Bluetooth. Well, yes, it will connect with a Bluetooth device (only two of my three - the Motorola H350 and H500 - it couldn't find the 720). BUT, it only acts as a headset. I.e., you can receive calls while wearing it, but there is NO VOICE DIALING. You can't say "Call Mom" and have it dial Mom. So, for my money, yeah, I guess they can say it has "headset" and claim "hands free" functionality, but if you can't use it to dial for you, where's the hands free part? True, the Bluetooth does function as a headset, but come on, this is seriously the poor man's version of Bluetooth functionality.Oh, and the sound quality is pretty poor.Minor gripe, while I was able to load my own ringtones to the phone (you send yourself a text message with the ringtone as an attachment, and you save it to sounds), I was only able to use these as ringtones. I was not able to personalize my alerts for texts or voicemail messages, and they only give you four sound options. Boring.Great phone for a kid, not great if you need Bluetooth.

Recently got this to replace a Verizon Cosmos 3, and man the difference is night and day! This is a very affordable, nice-looking, high quality phone with an easy to use slide-out keyboard. The no-contract talk/text rates with Net10 are a fraction of what they cost with Verizon, and the best part... there are absolutely NO roaming charges!!The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because the tech support is a total joke! The agents can barely speak English and are incapable of solving problems you cannot solve yourself. Upon activating my phone, I was unable to set up voicemail, and it turns out neither could they after about 30 minutes. They also could not tell me how to update the date/time on my phone. Later, I learned from an online forum that certain functions including auto update and voicemail activation do not always work outside of TracFone service areas. Lesson learned - don't rely on Net10 customer support, they will just eat up your minutes.If you can avoid problems, this is a great phone to have and Net10 will save you lots compared with major contract carriers. Battery life is the best I've experienced in any phone. Texts only cost 1/3 of a minute and you don't get charged for receiving them unless you actually open them. Also, you get 10 free minutes with purchase of the phone that expire in 2 months, and if you add minutes on top of those then you get an extra month. In my case, I added 200 minutes for $15 so now my total of 210 minutes will expire in 3 months. Breaks down to $5/month. Nice!

The phone is small to store in pocket.  Easy to use.  Separate numerical dial pad and slide out qwerty keyboard for texting.  This is what makes the phone easy to use and easy to see the keypads.

i ordered this for a friend. He is happy with it. the camara is not the best, but better than nothing like he had before

This phone needs to be charged everyday no matter how much it is used. I plug it in at night, unplug it in the morning and use it a couple of times, mainly for texting, then by evening it needs charged again.

My daughter (14) needed a feature phone and picked this one. No complaints @ 2 mos. Good sound and text-ability.

I've had this phone for over six months now, and I love it. This phone has an incredible battery life. I am a moderate phone user, and oftentimes I can go a whole week before having to charge my phone. There are so many great features, as well. The MP3 player works great and the sound quality is alright. Also the calendar is great. When you add an "Anniversary" the phone will count down the days until that date. It's just a fun little feature to have. :) Texting is easy with the slide-out Querty keyboard. My only complaint about that is that the Alt key doesn't automatically turn off so I sometimes find myself typing a whole sentence in symbols instead of letters. The internet speed is relatively slow, but I don't use it that often so it doesn't bother me. There is also a MicroSD Card slot. I discovered that if you create your own ringtones and transfer them to your phone with the SD Card the phone will let you use your own songs as ringtones. This has saved me some money because if I could not do this I would have bought Net10's ringtones. I love the vibrate setting, as well. When receiving a text on vibrate the phone has this unique vibrating pattern, so when in a room of people, you will know when it's your phone that's vibrating.This phone is also incredibly durable. I have dropped it countless times - even on concrete a few times - and there are only a few scratches. It still works great! There are now cases available for the Samsung T401G, so it can be even more protected.The primary reason I bought this phone is because each text is only 3 cents a minute. In six months, the money I have saved on texting has caused this phone to literally pay for itself. I would definately reccommend it to anyone. Net10 is a great money-saving option for this college student!

you cann't buy this phone in stores anymore and this was my mothers 1st cell and hers broke and she wanted this same phone! I found it and got it quick for a great price and mommas a happy women thanks

We were excited to find this phone. They aren't as plentiful as they used to be. Don't use our phones a great deal so thus is just right for us.

I used this phone back in 2005-2006 with Net10 and had no problems with it.  However, when we purchased a new phone of this model in Sept 2013 and attempted to activate it, we had nothing but problems.  It took 22 hours to fully activate.  It never added the minutes we purchased on-line.  Eventually, we got a refund for the minutes from Net10 and recycled this phone.  We went with Verizon pre-paid instead and didn't have any problems.

The phone came with no sims card in it and I am having a hard time finding one for it. I bought one from Best buy and it would not activate it said it was for Net 10 but did not work so I am still with out a phone. So far I would rate it a 5,it's a nice looking phone but until I can find a sims card to get it activated I will not be happy

I gave this as a gift and I keep hearing about how much they like it.  Sure beats hearing complaints. :-)

I love this phone, its my second one, my last one lasted over 3 years. i don't like touchscreens and this phone has a great slide out keyboard for easy texting. the camera works good and comes in handy. Also, i bought a micro sd card and put my music from my computer on it and then i just put it in the phone and anytime i can listen to my mp3's through the phone, works out good for while i'm fishing so i have some tunes to groove to. Years ago this phone cost me 80 bucks and now on amazon.com its available for around 15 bucks. can't beat that!

Got this phone for my wife.  Her needs for a cell phone are relatively simply.  Its easy to use and rather inexpensive to provide service.

It's easy to use when texting and I find is a really good phone to have.  It's a very dependable phone.  Thank you.  Terry

This is your basic phone to support talk and text.  Not the best one for web due to the small screen size.

This phone works pretty well. Not real satisfied with the picture quality. My old cheaper phone took better photos. Other wise it works well, and I am satisfied with it.

I bought this prepaid phone for my daughter to try and save money from the expensive cell phone companies.  The first order never came and I had to reorder.  Finally receiving the phone I went to activate it and it did not work. I called to let Net10 know and I was told that I had a bad sim card and they would send me another one.  A few days had passed and I received the new sim card and activated but when I try to make a call a message is displayed stating that this phone was for &#34;emergency calls only&#34;.  I have to shut the phone off and turn it back on again before I can make a call. This has been going on for several weeks now. Overall I would say I am dissatisfied with this product and would not recommend.

My order came  so very quickly I could hardly believe it  and it was exactly as it was as described.

i love the recorder,music,and every thing else exept i can't download ringtones.but i can use the recorder as ringtone. but i love it i have had it about a year now

THIS PHONE IS THE WORST FOR LOSING OR NOT GETTING A SIGNAL! DROPS CALLS OR REFUSES TO PICK UP. MAKE A CALL AND IT GOES ROUND AND ROUND---NEVER GOING THRU AND YOU HAVE TO REMOVE THE BATTERY TO GET IT TO STOP. 8 TIMES OUT OF 10 YOU WILL HAVE NO SIGNAL AT ALL! ITS NOT JUST ME/MY AREA-----SEVERAL FAMILY MEMBERS/FRIEND HAD THESE PHONES AND SAMSUNG PHONES IN GENERAL ARE BAD FOR THIS. THIS IS NOT JUST IN MY AREA---I HAVE FRIENDS FROM CALIF. TO DELAWARE WITH THE SAME PROBLEM!AVOID!!!

This is a nice phone for the price. I told my father to get one. I wish net 10 had a better service plan.

very fast service my boys love their new phone easy to work the product was in a new box the slide was very easy to work. thank for your service.

This is a high quality phone at a decent price, especially now that it's more like 60 bucks.The service from Net10 is cheap if you purchase minutes online.Go to "MONTHLY PLANS" >> "EASY MINUTES", and then you only pay $15 a month.The online phone setup was easy and fast if you follow the instructions to the letter.I set up two phones, one for me and one for my spouse, without problems.The tiny manual is not detailed, but you can download the manual.If you purchase a USB data cable or use Bluetooth, and switch the storage to "Mass Storage",you can download ringtones, pictures, etc. to your phone and you don't have to use up your airtime minutes.Avoid using the browser, as it will suck your minutes quickly.  I do not like that the soft button for the browser is right up front and so easy to accidentally click on that it becomes an annoyance.If you want a browser and email phone, then this is probably not the phone for you.If you want cheap minutes and texting, then this is the way to go.Other phones from Net10 charge you .5 cents per text, but this phone only uses .3 cents per text.I'm very pleased with the phone and the service so far.

i really like this phone it is great for 15 dollars it fits all of my needs and the phone looks well constructed and its a samsung

This is the third phone of this model I have purchased. It is pretty bulletproof and the qwerty keyboard rocks as well as the 3 cents texting. If you are looking for an iPhone, this is not for you. But if you are looking for a cheap dependable phone without bragging status, this ones for you. My 2 kids & i depend on this phone model and it has not let us down.

Bought this for my wife, and the price was great and delivery prompt as promised.  The phone works as well as I expected andmy wife loves how easy it is for her to text with it.

I BOUGHT THIS CELL PHONE FOR THE EASE OF USE. I'M A OLDER LADY AND DID NOT THINK I COULD USE A SMART PHONE. CHECK OUT OTHER DEALER AND AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE. LOVE THE PHONE. CAN TEXT NOW BEFORE HAD TO GO WITH THE NUMBER KEY TO SPELL OUT THE WORDS. THANK FOR BEING THERE FOR US.

The product description states that this phone is "No Contract". It is, however, a locked phone only able to be used with Tracephone/Net10.

I just received my new T401G phone and so far it seems awesome. The cool thing was when I went to tranfer my old phone to this one I received 1100 minutes to my phone.  How COOL is that? It looks like it may take a few days to get use to the phone, but thats what new toys are all about. I would recomend this phone to everyone....even the slime ball who took my lunch money from me back in the 3rd grade. I hope you weigh 500 lbs, and live with your Mommy.

This phone was working great for the first few months now it is horrible. The ring volume is stuck on 6 and the screen constantly freezes, its really annoying. :(

I got this phone for my mom because she has net 10 and had a similar phone as this one but it was starting to get old. So I bought her this one and it was easy to just switch her phone number to this phone instead of getting a new number. And the keyboard is easier for her to use to text.

I love this phone, I already had one but my 1yr old son decided it needed a bath in the kitchen sink so this was simply a replacment. It's a great simple and fun phone, a $30 a month/$1 a day contract just makes it that much sweeter :)

Both my daughter and I have owned this phone with net10 and it is a great little phone for the price, and the service options with being able to go from plain minutes, to 750 for a month to unlimited for a month works nicely too. I was sad when I lost mine recently and unfortunately couldn't find the same model locally (not priced reasonably anyway) and couldn't wait for one through online ordering and had to buy an "upgraded" Samsung model. I would buy this phone in a heartbeat again- nice keyboard,internet ready...easy to use.

This is a replacement for my phone that the bus ran over. I couldn't find the same phone retail & ended up without the slider option which I sorely missed.

really the best easy to use phone I've had.....even my husband can work it.good phone for young or old.

I bought this phone 3 months ago, and it was great to start out. Recently my phone is dropping calls, not picking up signals where I use to have strong signal, and it has to be charged all the time. I started off the day with a fully charged battery, received 1 text and the phone needs to be charged again.

I bought this phone mainly so I could use the mp3 player but when I got it in the mail I noticed that it does not use the 3.5mm headphone jack. It uses the stupid old school samsung port.

NET10 has some of the dumbest people working for them.  All of the calls are transfered over seas.  They barely speak english.  In my case they tryed to make me pay regular price for a phone I got on sale.  The phone was a base model phone that only made calls and sent text messages, you could send a recieve picture mail but the resolution was so horrible that you couldn't see the pic.  The plan that came with the phone was unlimited for $30 dollars a month.  Well after the inital month was up i called to connect to the automatic pay and they said i was already connected.  My phone then got turned off.  I called to see what happen they said if was turned off because i was not enrolled in the auto payment.  Then they wanted to charge me to full price of $55 instead of the sale price of $30 a month. after staying on the phone for an hour with Net10 i got frustrated  it took another 30 mins to talk the woman into giving me the information so that i could file for a refund.  FYI you can get a full refund for your phone within 30 days.  (Not for the mins used but for the physical phone only)  RUN FAST AND FAR AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!

I lost the back on my phone and got this brand new one WITH a battery for a fraction of what I paid for first one.Bought the rubber back also which I'm very happy with.  It looks like it will hold the back on better & protects from dropping.

Thank you very much!  This phone is for my son, who had previously broken his net 10 phone.  and I liked this style and I couldnt find a decent priced one in stores in Green Bay!

If you want only a basic phone to make voice calls on or receive voice calls then NET10 might be an ok choice until you need customer service which will eventually happen.  I pay only $16.30 a month for 300 minutes and they roll over and do not expire. Since I only use the phone when away from home and make few calls this amount of time is enough.  I consider it among the best buys if you can find a simple phone, simpler the better, and use it only for voice on a limited basis.  You will hate it when you finally have to call customer service. Their staff uses a tree structure check list which they will not deviate from when trying to trouble shoot. You will typically be transferred 2 to 3 times to different departments and have to start over again every time. The typical experience will take 1 to 2 hours and you will hang up thoroughly angry.  On my last experience they finally after nearly 2 hours told me to just go buy a new phone and call back in and get my 600+minutes and 90days of service transferred to the new phone.  My problem was an error message "check restriction #34" which they finally told me meant no service.  A friend said to drive to a known service area where you have made calls then remove the battery for at least 3 minutes then reinstall the battery.  This cleared up my problem.  I would not recommend any NET10 service for any phone other than basic voice with limited use, and you just have to be willing to put up with the terrible customer service in order to get the cheap price.

We bought one of these for our 12 year-old daughter Christmas 2009.Since then she's used it for voice and texting and it serves as a premium cellphone.Samsung's build quality is top-notch.It's held up excellently and has been trouble-free.Call reception and clarity is on par with any other 1st rate phone/provider.She uses the camera, video camera, and alarm features and has enjoyed great functionality.We'd never used Net10 before and are very satisfied - it's saved us a lot of money over conventional companies.Because it's prepaid she's frugal with her 10 cent minutes and 3 cent text messages.We've found this phone and service so practical and economical that now we're getting one for little sister!

First, Net10. I had Net10 for several years. Customer service is horrid. Almost non-existant. If you do not require CS, however, you'll likely always have a connection. At least I did. Of course, it's all ATT so reliable.The trouble with Net10, and other companies and pre-paid phone plans, is that you have to by new airtime at least every two months to keep the phone working. I use the phone very little so I ended out with some 4000 minutes and just didn't want to invest another dime in the service. The least you'll ever pay is $15 a month. Now, if you use the phone a lot, it's worth it. If not, you're paying an awful lot per minute to use your phone.Now to the phone. It's a good phone and the slider makes for great texting. But, the back comes flying off easily and with no effort. This often causes the battery to fall out. At least this was the case with my phone. Did I get a bad phone? It's possible. But I would not buy another one of these phones because I'd fear it would happen.- Susanna K. Hutcheson

exactly like its stated nice smooth transaction great product and fast shipping description was spot on phones been working great for couple months now.

had one as a gift and liked so when I need to get another one. I did. Even got one for a friend

I bought this phone a couple of years ago and it was pretty nice. I don't know if they still do 3 cent texting for this phone, but that is what I had. It is well built and has a nice keyboard. I hardly ever talked with or delt with the company b/c net10 is basically a do it yourself kind of company. However, I never had any serious problems with them. Anyway, the main reason why I did not like this phone was because of the poor camera and video quality. Everything looked blocky and terrible so whenever I tried to send pic messages it sucked. I wish I would have looked at the mp....it is only like 1 point something mp. So that is my main complaint. Also never attempt to use the Internet on this phone...you will be charged A LOT! I remember one time when I accidentally pressed the Internet browser and it used up a bunch of my minutes plus the browser sucks you an only use google and barely that...but over all it is an ok phone. :)

The phone is ok I just wish it was louder I miss all my calls I just missed one from my husband and the phone is right beside me in my pocket book it just needs to be louder. And I cant figure out how to turn on my voice mail it keeps asking for my password I dident even know I had a password. Kinda wish it had worked out better. You would think the new phones would be easier than the old ones. But it just gets harder with the new ones.

easy operation, texting more and saving air time; wish I have done it sooner.  when you make only minumal calls this unit is  ideal

The phone works but it has poor sound coming in and going out, the volume go's up without warning when i'm talking to someone. The longer i'm on the phone theres a buzz in the ear.

bought this as a gift for a Niece who liked my phone.  I bought this same model at walmart for 65 dollars.  2 years later the screen goes out on it.  I bought a replacement of the same model on here for 25!!!!! and months later my niece likes mine so i got her one on here for 15!!!! $65 at Wmart vs 15-30 on amazon. !!!!

I've had a couple yrs & still works fine . I got a second one because of the slider Qwerty keyboard. Calls are fine but I 90 % text so I LOVE it.  Newer phones are way small keys and/ or touch screen which I don't like. I'm afraid that's they way of 'progress' so that's why I ordered this as a spare before its no longer made.Keyboard whole length of phone, nicely spaced buttons so u never hit one by accident. I would think if u had bigger hands or fingers you'd like that . There's the feel of pressing too with some give so u do feel ur typing. The camera is fine I think for simple pics, but they do take a minute to send/receive . Enough to tell me not to even try a video . U can get on web but VERY slow .I use thru Walmart (straight talk )  been happy but yeah tech support is half the time a guy in India, who says his name is Brian . It's kinda funny . Anyway ....if u don't have to have the latest , if u don't live on YouTube, just like texting friends a lot, this is great. I've had a few friends with the fancy latest greatest phones who say they wish it had my  'regular keyboard' . I text around the country no problem very fast. And for the price u can beat it, call quality good.

I purchased this phone approximately 7 months ago & was originally very happy with it; however, after only 7 months of rare usage (phone is usually on standby, and typically used for less than 15-30 minutes a month) the phone only holds a charge for approximately 24 hours.Will be looking for a new phone because a phone with a dead battery isn't much use in an emergency...Really enjoyed the phone when the battery life was decent, but a phone that only holds a charge for 24 hours (when not in use) is a waste.

.THIS PHONE IS TERRIBLE!!!1.) It constantly turns itself off every 5-10 seconds with NO adjustment available to make it stay ON if you want it to... Every time the light goes out, it LOCKS the phone out. So, every 5-10 seconds I was constantly having to push buttons to "Unlock" the phone.. HATED IT!2.) The display is EXTREMELY distorted at even the slightest angle. If you're not looking at it dead-on, it's display is very distorted.3.) You have to ALWAYS enter the AREA CODE even if you are calling your next door neighbor with the same area code.Sent this PIG back and got my money.Don't waste your time with this phone... It's NOT even worth $10.00.

I THINK THAT THIS PHONE WAS GREAT  BECAUSE MY SISTERS WANTED ME TO ORDER THEM ONE  AND MY NIECE THANK YOU FOR YOUR GOOD SERVICE. RUDY LEWIS

the phone is sturdy, can take a falls and keep on working. lasted me for years before I replaced it with a new phone of the same modelonly Con is the very limited texting memory and poor camera shutter speed.

I bought this phone for an elderly person to use only in case of need to contact her family.  What it turned out to be was a complicated system which requires actions (regular use and checking the points used) that, for a person in her condition are extremely difficult to say the least.  It went to the bin.I just wished they would have been more explicit about all these requirements.

My husband actually bought this phone for me three years ago, and it still works. It has been dropped, thrown, slid off of the top of my car, and had monster spilled on it (more than once!) and this phone STILL works! So, if you're looking for a good phone, that's cheap and RELIABLE, then this is your phone! However, if you're looking for a smartphone with gps, radio, facebook apps, this is NOT your phone.

It is a cool looking phone with decent features. It is solid has a nice feel with a slide keyboard. However the luxury ends there. My old t mobile phone broke and accidentally bought this thinking it was a t-mobile prepaid-it is not. I called them to unlock it and to be able to use my old t-mobile number and information. Customer service said sure everything will transfer over I do not need to use my old t mobile sim card but leave the tracfone one in there-that did not sound right.Nothing transferred over, lost all my numbers, and my t mobile monthly plan too. Customer service will lie to you and scam you. I kept the same number but lost my plan so now Net 10 is charging me like 50 sounds to check a text or to send one. LOL. Get real.Customer service sucks and do not speak english well in spite they are nice and try to help. I remember I had a tracfone like ten years ago and remember why I only had it about a month. Since Tracfone has a terrible reputation to practically everyone(the ghetto phone carrier) they are hiding being the name Net10. Very sneaky and I fell for it as I am sure others have as well.Needless to say I immediately bought another prepaid T mobile phone this time so I have no more problems with this nonsense with the carrier not being compatible with certain SIM cards etc. Trust me Tracfone just wants your money and will charge you disgustingly to make calls, receive calls and 30-50 cents just to not only send but check a text for 30 cents. LMFAO. Where as I am on unlimited text a month with T mobile for 15 dollars.Stay away unless you like being frustrated with customer service and love throwing  money away. This company Net 10/Tracfone is the worst of the worst I kid you not.

This was my son's cell phone he was upset with it a good partof the time.Thank youConnie McGuire

I got this phone for free with a $25 750 minute card from the Net10 Website.My experience:Net10 provides its service through other carriers. My service currently goes through T-Mobile (from what I've read online, you can tell by the sim card in the phone). The service is great at work (in a basement and still get 4 bars), but lacking at home (0-1 bars, dropped calls, etc).I ported my phone number over from Sprint, and the porting process took about 4 hours (they say to allow up to 2 days!) with no issues. I have had no problems with lost minutes or service days, and I have not had to deal with Net10 support (which I've heard can be a nightmare).The phone is decent, and the keyboard is great for texting. I've used the mobile web on this phone a couple of times, but I wouldn't rely on it for anything important. Uploading images via MMS takes longer than I think it should, which costs more money (but what do you expect for a cheap, prepaid phone).The camera is okay, but I wouldn't expect print quality photos. Great for twitter/facebook pictures, but not for printing.I use the MP3 player while I work, but it is REALLY basic (doesn't remember what point in a track you were listening, so you have to FF to get back to where you were, especially annoying for podcasts...).Sound quality on phone calls is alright when you have a strong cellular signal (3+ bars), and drops off dramatically below 3 bars.After having a smartphone for the past few years, I was worried about downgrading to a 'feature-phone', but I was not disappointed with this phone, especially since it was F-R-E-E.

it is okay as a phone, for texting not so good and if you try to hit those red numbers, good luck and the shift, what a mess. Big fingers on a guy and this phone isn't such a good deal, using the front pad for testing is much easier, tapping method is actually a good deal now that it is illegal to text and drive.One you remember the lettering, testing while driving is easy as pie.Just remember that 7 has 4 letters.The slider, not worth your time. Neat idea that needs a lot of improvement. I paid $80 dollars for mine and now i see they sell for twenty bux, what a deal!but then my college days Red LED Litronix calculator I paid high dollar for 85 dollars, was supposed to be the best of the best, now you might find one like it in a yard sale for 50 cents! what a deal!!!!Those high end high dollar cell phones with the android, someone will come up with something neateer and better and those $500 dollar Androids will be selling for 50 cents at some Yard or garage sale. What a deal!!!!This phone, for a cell phone, works great, for a camera, not! for a texting, might as well use the keypad. And when I got it, it was supposed to be top end - oh well

Bought this a few years back when it first came out. my wife bought one very soon after. We wanted a keyboard texting phone but after some use (couple of weeks) the keyboard doesn't work right both of our phones either give you more letters then you pushed or doesn't give you the letter at all when you type. I just gave up and used T9 she still uses it but the problems persist. other than that the phone is good coverage around my area is great sound is great the ring and vibrate are not the strongest I often miss calls in my pocket when it is on. It can use a micro sd card and you can use it as an mp3 but you will need an extra cable for headphones. the mp3 player lets you only make 10 playlists at only 50 songs each so you really can only have 500 songs in it or you have to rotate the playlists by deleting one if your lists are full. the sd card can be used to transfer photos taken from the camera or transfer ringtones or wall papers to it which is nice. can go in mobile web but even in big cities its SLOW and at 10 cents a minute its not worth it. lots of accessories on amazon such as chargers covers and holders so that's nice. honestly its not worth the $70 I paid for it I'd say its worth around $20 new. My friend has a T404g and it has a headphone jack and the keyboard still works and she has had it for about a year. overall I like the phone for what it does and for what doesn't work I just tolerate it. I want to upgrade to another phone but just not in the budget right now. if you can pick it up cheap and you don't need a complicated phone this is a nice one. My biggest gripe is that keyboard just doesn't work right never has and since both of ours did it I believe its a manufacturers defect. overall I would give this phone a 6/10Cody

pro's:-easy to use phone (similar to samsung gravity models - only thicker)-easy to use service-easy to add airtime - you can buy cards offline at various locations that sell the airtime cards like gas stations, Best Buy, Walmart, Target, etc or buy airtime online from the Net10 website, or buy right thru the Buy Airtime link in your phone-low cost of service depending on what kind of airtime cards you get and how frequently you use your phone-port your existing number (but this does have a con as well - make sure you read it below)-texting is charged .30 with this model/blackberry model, and .50 with other models-lots of diff types of phones to choose from: sliders, blackberry, flips, non-flip-phones are cheap - most expensive one is the blackberry model for $99.99- accessory kit is cheap and comes with alot $14.99 - car charger, wall charger, earpiece (handsfree), etc.Con's:-kinda a flimsy phone, cheap made-don't buy a refurb unless you're extremely tech savvy and can spend the time on the phone w/ the cust. service tech troubleshooting issues- Porting your existing number - if you port your number from another cellphone - you have to keep that cellphone service active in order to have that ported number work on the net10 phone. why pay for 2 phones/services? Most ppl switching to net10 are switching to get out of high monthly fees from contract carriers - so i say don't port the number unless you want to continue paying for 2 phones. Porting might work best if you are porting a number from another pre-paid phone (i.e. Net10, Tracfone, etc).- Customer service: Online tech support is a joke (both on net10's site and facebook net10). Don't waste your time, just call them instead. Online tech's take days, weeks, to months to answer your problem(s). Net10 Tech's thru the phone take anywhere from 20 mins to maybe a couple hours depending on your issue. You will enter alot of codes in the phone in order to t-shoot your issue.- don't expect the phone to work right off the bat when you purchase it, it probaly won't. you have to go online and enter the serial #, or sim card number, and sometimes the phone # (even though you don't have one yet) in order to activate. if you have to call cust. serv., do it from a land line/home phone or business phone and expect to be on the phone for at least 20min to a couple hours entering lots of numeric codes into the phone in order to get it to work. last problem i had took us 2 diff techs and nearly 3 hours on the phone to t-shoot. (no lie). Don't call from a cell phone, your battery will either die or be close to going dead after you finish w/ net10 cust. service.-pic messaging/retrieving - sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't - i get repeat charges of 1.00 for retrieving a photo, and sometimes it never comes. if i see it is taking a long time and repeat charging me, i just delete it. not worth the use of my min being taken away.texting: you get charged to send/receive- deleting text msg's - You'll be charged .30 to delete the msg.-voicemail - you get charged to listen to your voicemail.-airtime cards: probaly best to go w/ Pay As You Go cards - these are the ones that cost as low as $15 up to $100 and give you more service days then talk time. ex: 90 days ( i think it is) for 300 min. If you buy the pay as you go cards, you can rollover your min and service time.However, if you go buy the monthly cards - 750 min for $25, or unlimited for $50 - you only get 30 days of service, and every month you have to re-buy another card. If you reload w/ a Pay As You Go card while you currently have the monthly card, NONE of your unused min/service days will roll over. Monthly cards do not rollover. Pay As You Go Cards only rollover unused min and extend service days.Web Browser: EXTREMELY SLOW! Usually never works for me, even though i am in a great signal strength area.

First: an almost hidden fact. You can get UNlimited talk/text/web from Net10 for $30 a month if you agree to have it automatically deducted monthly from your account. You have to ask for it. It is only implied on the web. I found it when I was looking at the phone offers from a California zip code. When you look in a zip code area you get offers you dont see on the main page, mainly free time cards with the phones.  Since the operators are mostly from far-away-place you might need to state your choice again and again. It might feel like insisting but you helping them to understand. I had to call back to get someone better. I suggest daytime weekdays is more likely to get you a Western Hemisphere agent.tl;dr; $30 per month gives you unlimited everything at 3g or as good as your phone can do.Second: I've just gotten the phone and not set it up. My reading so far tells me it cannot do java apps, ie it cant do google maps.  Maybe not opera some say. But this page offers opera:[...]--- If I find out more and I can edit this review I will add things.+ There is a better manual online. It *can* take larger SD cards (SDHC?). It came out in December 2009, 2 years ago.+ This page has a lot of links and also mentions Opera,[...]+ This page lists some specs, [...]  It may mean that the 401 can only do EDGE internet speed, ie 2g. That's dialup speed.+ Howards Forum is a good place to interact. This phone has a history on some other providers. [...]I've learned a lot in writing this. My rating is 4  and that's "on spec" because I havent used it yet.  I rate it in it's own category it is what it is.  The Android phone I want costs $400 so I've hunkered down. For me talk and text is great and any internet is gravy.

I enjoy this phone. The buttons are in different place than my previous phone so that will take time to get used too.

This is our third phone in use; one is three years old and still works like new.  Convenient slide out keyboard and phone  has a slot for a memory card which I bought also and can now save photos and transfer them to computer.  It is no smart phone, but for my use it serves the purpose and now my husband can also send a text easier than with his old phone. We like Net10 and their customer service has improved over the years so it is easier to resolve billing problems if they arise.  The Customer service reps are very polite and helpful in spite of language barrier.  I recommend Net10 all the time and am so glad to be rid of Verizon's high prices and contracts.

Great phone great service. Nothings free. They have great monthly plans unlimited for $50 and 750 for $25. Best deal in prepaid my opinion my kids have it, my husband and I have had it almost a year now.  The phone as far as the flimsy goes it can easily be fixed with a cover. We bought the rubberized plastic ones.  Plus it handles alot more stress if dropped.  I have no problems with the phone or the service.  My son has gotton rid of ipods and put music on his.  It said only 2g expansion but it read an 8g expansion micro sd so I am not sure if that is a typo by amazon or not or just our phone.  But anyway he is enjoying it.  We live in the country and have no coverage problems and can access the internet just fine on it.  Anyway this is a non techs view of a really good phone from an awesome company. We also buy our minutes from pinzoo.com and no tax or other fees so it saves quit a bit monthly expense as well.

the net10 phone service is better suited to people who only use cell phones minimally ... my 83 year old mother uses this when she goes out so she has a life line if she's stuck somewhere or has an emergency.  She inevitably runs out of service time long before she runs out of minutes ... ends up costing about $20 a month, which I find perfectly reasonable.  Unfortunately, net10 does not offer a smart phone on the pay-as-you-go system (that one is a flat $50 a month for service).

Being new to texting I am really enjoying the slide out keyboard.  The phone was exactly as described and works great.  The only problem I'm having is getting it to display the balance of my minutes.  Shipped and arrived in a timely manner.

I got this phone originally in 2009, loved the drop down keyboard, the ease of use and basically all the features are just awesome. I had dropped the phone probably about 30 times in the time i owned the first one, this thing is an absolute indestructible beast. But eventually after all the wear and tear i decided to splurge for something new. Big mistake. Tried an LG (blackberry imitation), nice features, but the locking and unlocking was annoying, net didn't work very well, and it was huge, much larger than this one. Then i made another mistake of buying the LG Touchscreen for 49.99. For what it was it was (OK) for a touchscreen, what do you expect for 50 bucks. But texting as with most touchscreens is very inaccurate and nearly impossible to do quickly. So i finally said enough and was going to look for something else, walmart had nothing, and raised the price on one i wanted. They use to have (do on the site) this phone in store for 59.99. So i decided to see what best buy had, being that a lot of times their prices are actually cheaper. Well i was pleasantly surprised to see my old friend, along with a free blue tooth head set(which works great) an extra 40 dollar value.So all in all this is definitely the best phone i've ever owned, sound is good, not overbearingly loud. Features are good, although the screen is small. Has the drop down from behind keyboard, which is the best in it's class, much better than LG. Typing is great, and very responsive, and the best part of the phone, if your a big texter. The bluetooth is great as i said, it's a little odd to get it to sync up at first, but eventually it will find it. Basically just hit the button at the exact same time on the phone, as you do when you hold the headset and hear the beep, it will turn red. A little tedious, but when you get it working it works like a charm. So my advice, get this phone if you like texting, or talking of course, and just want an all around VERY DURABLE phone, with no freezes or hiccups. Also if your prone to getting out of the car and it falling on the cement (like myself) don't worry, it won't even scratch the screen.:D So go to best buy and get one for 30 bucks like i said, this is way better than the new LG phones, with the same features for around 99$ or so. And touch screens are very overrated and frustrating, unless your an expert. Samsung is the best, i'll vouch for that for sure.

I haven't received the phone yet....hmmmm.  They took my money instantly, and have made me wait twice for 7-10 days.  So let's see that's over 2 weeks on just a basic phone plan?  Numerous calls to customer service, numerous e-mails and nothing.  I have extremely low expectations at this point and truly question my decision with this purchase.  I can't of course recommend this to anyone at this point.

Have'nt used it yet, but I will. Same as the one I own, and I like it. simple easy to use and the price is right!

called net10 they took phone info and switched all minutes to this phone i paid 50 dollars for first 1 but it came with minutes i liked it so much when it wore out i purchased this 1 which is an exact duplicate of first 1 at this price when this 1 wears out ill try to repurchase this same phone

This is the second of this model I have purchased.  Very user friendly, and the battery lasts a long time.  My other phone lasted 3 or 4 years.  So glad I found another one.  Recommended!

This phone was purchased as a gift. I don't regret buying it one bit. It's a gsm phone and gets a signal everywhere. Great phone!

I had my old cell for so long until it was dying on me.  This works great so I'm glad Icould find one that isn't an iphone or android for now.  It has many features that myold phone didn't.

This phone allows either use of its front-facing keypad or side-facing keyboard, which is the best of both worlds. It may be missing a function or two found on some other phones but for the price it's an outstanding value.

The phone is fine, although a little pricey for a decent slide phone.  The buttons feel a little soft and I don't find texting as easy as it ought.  I came from Common Cents on a Kyocera and I thought this was a better deal, but I am headed back.  Net 10, well, you had better be prepared to do everything online.  I waited for 40 minutes on the phone and never managed to make it through.  However, I did manage to port my existing number over after the phone had been activated, I just did it online.  And I did not need to maintain the phone number with some other account, indeed the old account was automatically canceled.  Working with texts is a little annoying, you need to be careful in order to not get double charged to view the same text twice.  The biggest issue is that people cannot hear me when I am on the phone, who knows why.  I am told that it sounds like I am calling from Tibet.  I don't know whether this is the phone or the provider but when I needed to speak with a dr about emergency care for my son after head trauma and she couldn't really understand me, well, that is when a cell phone is not functional.  I live in a suburb of Boston.  So back to the offshoot of Virgin Mobile!

The phone is good, but try to STAY AWAY FROM NET 10. Customer Service is going to give you a heart attack or stroke whichever comes first. Whether you are right or wrong in your arguement, the person on the other line will only tell your "I am just doing my job." You will never win in the arguement. These people are already programmed by the greedy wireless company they work for. The MANAGER is the worst person you can ever talk to.Here's a weblink on some of the complaints. [...]

We bought this for our 5-year old daughter, for Christmas, who loves to pretend text and wanted a real-looking phone. The great thing is this one makes noises, she can take pictures and make notes, all without us even activating service for it. We simply keep the battery charged. Well worth the money, considering toy phones were about the same price and didn't come close to the real look that she wanted.

The first time I bought this phone, I paid $40 two years ago at a Black Friday sale. When I had accidentally left my phone with a leaky juice pouch, I needed to replace it asap and found the same phone on Amazon for $16! I have had no issues with this phone, ever. I have been a Net10 customer for over 7 years and I agree that customer service can be a pain as it takes too long to resolve a simple issue. They will keep you on hold for a good half hour at least while they work to resolve the problem. And very often they come up with a favorable solution and each time that I have called when my minutes haven't automatically gone to my phone, they have been very courteous. There have been times where they have given me an extra 50 or 100 minutes.I don't do anything fancy with my cellphone and only use it for an important call or a text. I have also taken pictures or videos once in a way. Don't know all the tech stuff that goes with phones these days but this Samsung T401G has been great. I have dropped it on the road and sidewalk many, many times but never got damaged. If you are looking for something a bit more than a basic phone that's really affordable and a network that does not make you broke, this is it.

great phone to text with if you're into texting. Easy to buy refil cards, or you can set up an online account with net ten to buy more air time using the buy air time function on the phone.

It isn't fancy. It isn't new. It isn't loaded with gimmicks. However, it also isn't expensive, and it does the trick. The slide out QWERTY keyboard is particularly useful. It is good and relatively cheap to use, so that's a recommendation.

I've had this phone for I think the past 2 yrs and its still holding up nicely. I just canceled my Net 10 service due to poor customer service and Im having such a hard time finding a nice basic phone.I really like this one cuz of the slideout qwerty keyboard and it takes decent pics. Also has an "add to reject phone list"...nice for those pesky bill collectors :-)I do agree that it takes a while to open pics sent to you and the internet is slow. But all-in-all me likey  :-)

my son with aspergers loved the phone his new thing is collecting cell phones .It came here when it was due ,which means alot to him ,Since there life consist of time sec dates so this was great that it did come one time lol.ty again

It truly can only be used for ATT's pre-paid plan.  So I can't use it.  Whose rule says you have to use so many words, anyway?

I liked it so much i had to get another one. you can pretty much not hurt this phone  s
