
After reading the wiki, I had to see this phone for myself. The purchase was as a novelty & to be a spare phone should my current go missing. Neat device

When i first bought this, i was under the impression that it was a kin one, but in all reality its a kin onem. Its exactly what i wanted. the compact size of it works well with my small hands and everything works perfect. It was in better condition than i thought it was going to be in, but that only made it all the better. This phone is perfect for texting, which is why i bought it. The entire phone itself is very girly so i wouldnt recommend it for any boys. But i am a very happy with my purchase. two thumbs up.

This phone is great! I got it the day after I ordered it. Takes a bit to get used to it, but the touch screen is very responsive. You can't take notes, save drafts, play games, or forward messages. It's also not much for personalization. But it's great for texting and the design is adorable. It has wi-fi capabilities so you can surf the web without getting charged. You can also set a passcode for those who enjoy their privacy. You can add favorite contacts so they're always at your fingertips. Battery life is great so far. Also, the camera takes great pictures.

I would not buy this phone again. After two months it stopped working reliably. The power on and off button wouldn't work and other keys lost functionality.

nice phone, but this is the 2nd phone and it does not last very long, returned after 2 weeks, phone would not turn on

+FREE WI FI+This phone works for me!+My Favorite:  this has one of the highest quality affordable Mega pixel cameras that I can find on the market!  you go ahead and search) 5 Megapixels is nothing to scoff at ! Iphone does not have 5 mega pixels! This thing is amazing! This has free wi fi (where the bubble is available in the coffe shop or library, etc). FREE RADIO function available using your headphones as metal antenna. THis radio function is available in Airplane mode (it is NOT online!) . Pause LIVE RADIO! How wonderful is that? This is a super fun little email device! AND, if you get tired of email AND internet surfing, AND * * * ZUNE * * *  MP3 music or streaming,  one can actually use this for Text or PHONE! Yes, that's right! It's a PHONE too! How wonderful!!!+Even if you use the thrifty Pay-as-you-go plan, at the lowest possible denomination, $15 per month, if you talk every other day , $1 on days when phone is active , a person can talk ALL DAY ::: free Verizon to Verizon for $1! ALL DAY! This price can not be beat! Cute little text was only ten cents and does not activate the $1 per day fee! So, $15 is ... 150* text messages! I think that should be plenty sufficient, but I don't have a teenager in my house yet, either! ; ).25 for picture messages... with this retro beautiful streamlined bubble shape phone, I imagine there will be lots of awesome photos to share with family and friends!-/+ GPS locator,yes-/+ PS. I was told there was no calendar (?! are they serious?  and no alarm clock on the old old style , but now there is an APP, so no worries!! The Kin cloud data media online website is closed. Shrugs. I don't get it. One can still access all the important social media websites via web browser, which... by the way...Did I mention?+FREE WI FI !+FREE!+Wi Fi!-(due to the closing of Kin website) Who wants a geo locator tag on the photos anyway? that's uber creepy! Loop/spot thingie, There is no more silly "podcast" style updates either. but I get that on my work station. I don't need that extraneous clutter function. I get that on National Public Radio every hour on the way home from work. I can not fathom how verizon could upgrade Kin One with Kin Two? wow.... I must look into this further! I've been watching this phone since it's debut!! This is incredible!!!!! Look no further! This is the phone data messaging device for you!++Have you seen how SUPER CUTE this device is?! It's just priceless design! wow! I highly recommend for every young adult teen, twenty,29 yrs who values individuality! Many, many , many cases available to express yourself! much art! WOW! I'm so excited! I love my phone! Are we sure this is a phone? It's so much more than that! MP3, web, streaming, email, wow, wow, oh wow, spectacular!+ * * * Zune * * * music, this device arrives with a free one month trial stream access to 6 million songs (I searched, Zune selections include obscure songs, Ever heard of "Shonen Knife" happy Japanese Punk Pop group? Available on Zune, just like in my local coffee shop!: OStream songs, keep ten songs per month, for only $14.99 per month after the free month.- ** PS ** This phone does NOT arrive with any games. I don't know if there is an APP for that or not? THIS IS NOT MUCH OF A SMART PHONE, if you wish for that, please look elsewhere, I'm so very sorry: this is why it only has 4 stars. I don't care for games or APPS.  It needed to be said. I'm sorry.+I love the features on this device! it is so much more than "just a phone"!*Edit: Huge Ooops! Thank you diligent comment person. $15 is 150 txt

I don't say this lightly, and I don't review very often. That said, after six months with this phone, I can honestly say that it's the worst phone I have ever owned.Pros - WiFi, when you're within distance of a network, even without a data plan. Good, rather high-pixel camera. Tiny and cute.Cons - Terrible user interface. Stops accepting messages until you manually (one by one) clear your inbox. Super-tiny, super-close keys. Auto threads messages, which proved annoying. Iffy touch screen. Not capable of emailing/messaging photos to FB, etc.Absolutely awful.

I had purchased this phone before and it was broken, but this is a fun phone. The one I purchased this phone from was extra ordinarily exceptional.

Watching all the review videos on youtube, I fell in love with this phone. When I get it, it's missing a few of the features that they originally had.. Scratch that, it HAS a few of the features it originally had.  [Explains in full detail of which features are no longer available when you boot the phone up] The main one that is no longer available is &#34;The Loop&#34;. You are still able to connect to social media sites via the web browser, but &#34;The Feed Reader&#34;, &#34;The Spot&#34; and &#34;The Loop&#34; are not supported anymore so your social media [Facebook/Myspace/Twitter] updates do not show up on the phone anymore. VERY disappointed, and wish this was explained prior to buying to device. [I don't know if other models still support it, but the one I received DOES NOT] Some other things I'm not too happy about, is that when you go to delete messages, you have to delete them by individual conversations. Or at least that's the only way I could figure it out how to do. There's no T9 auto predictive text, does not auto capitalize your I's or at the beginning of each sentence. The layout is really confusing and frustrating. It doesn't have the normal &#34;media center&#34; that normal phones do. It also freezes in the &#34;settings&#34; when trying to adjust wifi. I believe majority of these issues are due to the fact that the phone is discontinued. I wish the original said features were still available I would have been satisfied with the purchase. Overall, it's a cute tiny mini tech phone that feels like an upgrade to the basic flip/qwerty phone... but without those features it's pretty useless. Texting and calling is average. Don't buy this phone if you were looking to get all those features. Buy it if you want a slight upgrade to your last flip phone. The only thing I really like about it is that it does have wifi, does NOT require a data package, and you can have verizon block data on this phone so you don't get charges. Otherwise MEH-not what I signed up for lol.

Just like the one I washed in the washing machine. So I needed a new one. I got the same one because I was happy with it. Just what I wanted, was happy before happy again.

For what it is, this phone is pretty good. I don't want a smartphone right now (well I do, but I don't want to pay for a data plan!) so this phone works well for my budget. It plays MP3s, has a good alarm, and oh yeah I can make calls and send texts on it too! I REALLY like the way the texts and calls are sorted chronologically by phone number. So when I get a text from my wife, I can see what she is referring to because the conversation is all together. All phones should at least have the option to display texts/calls like that. There are some things I don't like though. Sometimes it just freezes (maybe once a week) and I have to remove the back, take out the battery, put it back in, and then turn it back on. Sort of a pain, but hey this phone was free with my Verizon renewal. People always seem impressed with this phone and it's compact size. I hear "is that a phone?!?" all the time.

Did come with sync cable not unlocked phone or a SIM card phone and not what I expected wouldn't recommend it

I had ordered the Kin One for my daughter.  She loved the phone.  It was small and fit perfectly in her pocket.  We had read the reviews and everything we could find about the Kin One before ordering it.  We were looking for a basic Verizon phone that did not require an expensive data plan.  We set it up on our Verizon plan and we were assured that we would be paying the same monthly fees as her previous phone.  When the first bill came and our bill had increased by $30 we called Verizon.  The techs couldn't get it to operate as a basic phone without a data plan requirement.  They suggested we take it to a Verizon store and exchange it for the Kin Two, which does not require a data plan.  We went to the closest Verizon store and they referred us to a district store an hour away.  We made a special trip and learned they did not have a Kin Two and could do nothing for us.  They encouraged us to call Verizon again and see about a trade.  When we called Verizon again the only thing they could offer us would include a two-year plan.  My daughter is in college and works a full-time job.  She is currently on my plan but in the event her career would take her away from home and Verizon didn't have good coverage there she would be up a creek without a paddle.  That is why we don't lock her into a two-year plan. Needless to say the phone was returned to Amazon for a full refund.  I will continue to do business with Amazon.  They treat you very well.

my phone is defective. i received it today [feb. 8th]-i had to fully charge it myself and even after it was charged it would not turn on. i made sure to watch youtube.com videos on how to turn this specific phone on to make sure i was doing it correctly before i called verizon wireless technical support. verizon wireless explained to me how to turn the phone on then finally concluded [after an hour of trying] that the phone was sent to me defective. i am very unpleased and am requesting immediate reimbursement.

I got this phone because i wanted one easy to text, blackberries are addictive and iphone are just too much, so i wanted a simple, cheap one but not too old and this one its just perfect!! It has wifi, the camera its ok and the texting its so easy, plus its cute and small... If you want a simple but good phone, get this one!

This is the worst phone I have ever owned. The battery sucks, the WiFi doesn't work 95% of the time. It is constantly freezing up or shutting itself down. I'd spend a little extra money and get a better phone if I were you.

I do NOT recommend this product for anyone!  I had it 2 days before it malfunctioned in such a way that could not be fixed! I had to pay postage also to return it. It was a horrible product decision on my part. And after I got it I started doing some research and found that it is very common for them to have the fatal error which mine had.  It is a very cute phone and would have been great I think had it worked.

Well okay i got this phone and was so excited. I got it programed... Then everytime i turn it on is has this thing that says put your email in... but then it says somethings offline and to do it later... so when you get to the main menu it says you need to set up the phone, whitch you cant do cause the email thing doest work. so some of the features arent "available" cause it isnt set up. but besides that it is pretty good except the internet browser is really old so alot of the websited cant play video and dont even show up.....

complicated to work with and learn looking to purchase new phone black berry im hoping if not something better style

It was inexpensive, I hooked it up to my Verizon plan and the phone has been working great ever since, my daughter loves it! Shes even dropped it a few times and it still works!

Other then the battery life the phone if horrible.the battery life is pretty good but i have had this phone for about 2 month and it keeps messing up. so over all i give it a 2/10 it send messages pretty good but sometimes for like an hour or two it just doesn't send and then after about a moth to a month and a half it stops sending messages for like a day or 2 but still can send calls and receive calls. so if your thinking about getting this phone i wouldn't if i were you unless this is the cheapest phone you can get.

Never have I been more disappointed with a phone purchase. The battery life is next to nothing, I have never owned a phone with such pitiful battery run time. There is not anything about this phone that is user friendly or convenient. Please don't just take my word for it, do your homework before buying this phone. Even for free this phone is a bad idea!

I love my Kin and have had it for 2 years. I'm so sad there is nothing similar on the market because I have to switch providers. This is a great little phone!

This phone's battery life is extremely short and barely last at all. You tap the phone too lightly, the phone shuts off and then it takes 5 minutes to turn back on and sometimes it doesn't even turn on for an hour. When the phone shuts off its takes power away from your phone's battery and kills your phone quicker. I thought this phone was going to be easy to use and simple but all it has caused me is stress and aggravation! The Kin One won't let you connect to your Windows account, no matter how many times you try to get it. I recommend to save your money and buy a phone worth your time and money.

When I got this phone I was pleased to find it was in good condition, however once I tried using it to send messages and make phone calls I realized some of the letters on the keyboard did not work properly.  You had to press on them really hard to get them to work, so when I tried to send a quick text message it turned into an ordeal.  Then, a couple of days later, I noticed the battery would give out right away.  I would charge it completely and without even using it, it would be dead a few minutes later.  I would not buy again.  I tried to save money by switching my android for the Kin One but I regret wasting my time and money.  Would not recommend : (

I just go this phone yesterday from verizon. I had an old chocolate 3 flip phone before. The front screen finally broke so I checked verizon online and called them to see what kind of new phone I could get, but without a data plan. I don't want to pay for a data plan when I already pay for internet at home. I asked them if they have any phones with Wi-Fi, but no data. The only phones verizon had that gets Wi-Fi is the Kin One and Two. I wanted the Kin two, but they don't sell it anymore. At first I thought the Kin One looks like a toy phone, it still kind of does. I didn't want the Kin One so I called AT&T and T-Moble. Neither one of them had a phone that had Wi-Fi without a data plan. I was then looking at getting the LG Cosmos touch, but it got bad reviews and it seems like it had a lot of bugs. The other flip phones were not even as good as my old chocolate 3. All these phone companies want you to pay for the data plan, so they don't make any nice flip phones with nice cameras or feature anymore. So, after about two weeks of looking at phones, I decided to try the Kin One and see if I like it. If I didn't like it I could just go back to my old phone. The Kin One was free anyways. So far the phone is not bad. You can't transfer your contacts from your old phone to the kin, you have to manually do it. I thought it would take a forever, but it actually didn't take that long. The other thing I notice is the phone doesn't have predictive text so now I have to actually learn how to spell. Before I would use perdictive text like a spell checker. It also doesn't have a note pad, I used to keep all my passwords on the note pad. But it does have Wi-Fi, 5 MP camera, video, FM radio, Zune player, and it is fast. It doesn't lag, but that might be because I don't have many pictures or video on it yet. It is taking me a little getting used to, but so far I like it. I know it is was made for a text-aholic teenager, not a 31 year old man, but it is better then my old flip phone. The best thing I like about it is the camera and of course the Wi-Fi. I will update this later if I end up hating this phone.

This is the perfect phone for my 9 year old daughter. It makes her think she has a "smart" phone without the added cost of a data package. When she's home (or in another wifi area) she can surf the net.The only problem we had with it is trying to get past the initial start up screen, without setting up a KIN account (which is impossible to do, even after calls to my carrier). But she deals with it by canceling the set-up function every time she turns her phone on.

These phones are made very well . So well ,in fact, that even though the delivery guy left the package right outside the garage door and we ran over it , it still worked! Couldn't believe it . The box was completely crushed! I got these for 2 of my kids. They like the shape of it and how it opens. I found it odd they didn't make the screen big enough to cover the bottom completely. It's annoying that you can't get any apps and they can't go on youtube and you can get on youtube but you can't post pics. The customer service at verizon said it's a little bit of both smartphone and regular phone? Don't know how that's possible or if you can get the smartphone data package and it will do more? We got the data package for a basic phone($30 cheaper) and it gets you the internet , GPS stuff like that. It's got the touchscreen that they like plus the qwerty which they wanted. Overall they seem happy enough with it. It's really ashame microsoft removed apps because it would be even better.

had to return the phone too small

My son wanted a small phone.  He got it.  This is a a teeny thing but it does everything he wants it to do.

I ordered this phone because I switched from a smartphone down to a 75mb data plan. I wanted a good texting phone and hated the phone that I got through Verizon. I researched a lot before I decided on this phone. Despite the negative reviews the phone got when it originally came out, now that it does not require a data plan it is a great texting phone and I love the design. It is also really cool that you can connect to wifi. I have my gmail hooked up and I have it on manual sync so I can check it when I have wifi or use my limited data when I'm expecting an important email.Pros:Only "basic" phone that allows you to hook to wifi. (Any other phone that allows wifi requires a data plan)Touch ScreenQwerty KeyboardSmall DimensionsGreat Layout (Favorite Contacts with pictures is my favorite)Easy Hookup to most email carriersNice messaging designs (when recieving a message it pops up as a word bubble next to the contacts picture. If you are in the middle of something it pops up smaller in the lower left hand corner and when in messages it is threaded, like facebook messaging.)Even though comparing sites say different it has a very user friendly calendar and alarmNice camera for a basic phone 5mpYou do not have to slide open the phone to make calls look through the phone. You only need to slide open the keyboard when you need to type.External Camera button for quick accessBrowser is easy to navigate.Cons:Keyboard is a little clickyyou cannot change the vibration length (for texts this is especially annoying because it is pretty long)The slide feels a little sketchy, like it might break. We'll see.Zune pass is difficult to get (if you want it) and expensive. If you do not want it the zune pass icon cannot be deleted off the main page, but you can move it down to the bottom.No expandable memory...only 4gb internallyNo facebook app (since they deleted the loop) but you can access it through the browser.No games and no way to download gamesDoes not hook up to Macs. This only really matters if you want Zune in which case you will have a PCI'm going to buy a rubber case and a screen protector because I drop phones a lot.I will update if any of my opinions change.Hope this helps!Nikki

Decent phone. Good hybrid - can use for internet, email, texting. Good wireless. Decent camera. Love the size and keyboard. Only 9 or 10 speed dials/favorites. Also, you'll need to download ringtones - it's hard to hear phone ringing as others have said. I bought a case for my phone and could never hear it ring; had to quit using it. Other issue I have is the ear piece volume during calls - it is way too loud. Volume goes from 0-20; I have it set at 0 and I often have to hold phone away from my ear as it's just too loud. No way to adjust volume lower. Overall am happy with phone and would recommend it.

Texting is fairly easy and straightforward and calls come through crystal clear. However, if you want a phone with all the bells and whistles of the latest Droid phone, this is not for you. Picture quality is very low, it won't accept bluetooth files from other phones or my Mac, and you can't change the phone background. If you need a cute, small phone purely for calls and texting, then I would recommend this phone.

Their are no problems with this phone it's a great phone I really like it it's cool cuz how tiny it is the keypad is kinda slanted which is really cool its nice you can go on the Internet with out it costing extra all you need is wifi

I purchased this phone for my daughter's eighth birthday.  At first it was hard to use.  The touch screen wasn't that sensitive and seemed difficult to navigate.  She's been using since mid-September (2012) and now it seems to have readjusted.  She goes easily from one screen to the next.  I don't think this is a good phone for a man, but it's perfect for ladies that have small fingers....so 4 out of 5 for us!

When I first received the phone I was thrilled, it worked perfectly. When it started having some minor touchscreen issues I opened the battery door and discovered that the battery was water damaged. This made me sort of suspicious because in the short time that I'd had it; About 2 days, it hasn't been anywhere near water, steam or anything of that sort. Anyway it wasn't affecting it too much so I ignored it and the problem went away. One month later those issues have become full blown problems and now to top it off, no one can hear me when I call them. I've sent a message and asked for a return, exchange, refund.....anything. If I have no luck here I may just have to get a new battery. If that doesn't work though, then I'm screwed. I'd have to buy a whole new phone! And I paid over $40 for this one! I'm mildly irritated to say the least. And i don't know if this is the fault of the seller or the phone, but I've had this type of phone before and it didn't have these issues.Wanted to add to this after my experience having this phone "replaced" by the seller. I received the replacement fairly quickly after having returned the original. First thing I did when I got it was open up the battery door and look at the battery and the water strip inside the phone itself.....sure enough they were pink.... Water damaged just the same as before. I tried calling someone.. They couldn't hear me. Same issues with the touchscreen too. Now I know for sure the fault is the sellers. Stay away, or get swindled. I've learned my lesson, tried to file a claim with amazon. It was denied, now I've appealed it and filed a report on this guy. 3 days after I filed the claim and still no response from the seller........yeah I was definitely cheated.

this phone is awesome even though it fits in the palm of your hand , its very easy to use . I like how durable it is . i dont care if i dont have apps because there's a browser . i like the themes & the messeging & email set up

just.. don't buy this phone!!!!!!!it cannot use sim card, poor packaged, looks like retreaded.wifi doesn't work, bad programming, and terrible plastic feel.

This thing was absolutely awful! Verizon started charging me for using my own wifi, which during numerous phone conversations they said they could do?! The touch screen is also horrible and nothing about it is intuitive.

I know this phone got a lot of bad reveiws, but I really like it. I am a fourty something woman who isn't into smart phones. This phone has exactly what I need, no extras. Only messaging stuff, which are hard to find. The phone is adorable and tiny... Easy to fit into a pocket or mini purse. The ringtones are fun too. It's a keeper for me.

I purchased this phone for my daughter.  She was having some issues with her Kin twoM.  She loves that this phone is little and isn't bulky in her pocket.  This is a great texting phone and more if you use wi-fi or 3G.  We set this up without a data plan, so she can only use e-mail and web on wi-fi.  I find the browser to be too slow, but I am used to computers and my iPod touch.  This phone is not compatible with back-up assistant, that is it's biggest downfall.  Overall, this is a great texting phone and is unique, not like every other phone.

A little while ago I received my KIN OneM in the mail. Once I opened the box, I immediately knew something was strange, because the phone came in a medium sized, generic box. As opposed to a box with markings appropriate for the phone. But I paid no attention to that as I was excited to start up the new device. So I opened up the box, (which was taped poorly) and then poured out the contents, which were the phone and its charger. I opened the small plastic bag the charger came in and plugged that in so I could charge the phone. Once I cut open the phone's baggie and removed it, I instantly realized why the box seemed strange, it was because the phone was used, and heavily used at that. I was feeling upset because i was under the influence that i was receiving an almost new phone. Not one that had been dropped repeatedly! I carefully examined the phone and found MULTIPLE scratches stretching from one side of the screen to the other, and smudge marks covering the phone also. then when the battery was put in, i found that there was and &#34;M&#34; sharpied onto the battery, and i understand that the phone is the KIN One M, but using marker to write on the battery is a little ridiculous. Once the phone was charged up and ready to go I downloaded the Zune player for my PC and then loaded music onto the KIN to listen to. When i went to plug my headphones in I discovered that the headphone jack was broken and i was unable to listen to any music. And I know that it was for sure the phone because i tried multiple pairs of working headphones. I also noticed the phone lags significantly doing any sort of task, form typing to opening applications.Here is a quick summary:-Phone had many scratches-headphone jack didnt work-lags-keys are very unresponsive, especially the shift and FN key-&#34;M&#34; sharpied onto phoneIn the end I decided to simply keep the phone, but I definitely wouldn't recommend the product or seller.

I only want to know if this phone is unlocked? Can I use other SIM card to use it normally or only Verizon can be used?

This phone only had to be returned because it requires a data package that I did not want.  Other than that, the phone will work perfect for anyone who doesn't mind paying for the data package through verizon wireless.

We got this phone for our daughter. Its a cute little thing! It's small enough to fit in her front pocket so it doesn't fall out. Easy to handle and hold. Although the size is a benefit for her, if your use to a larger keypad you may have a problem with this phone. There is also no data package required for this phone. Overall it's a good buy.

I returned it after 2 weeks, and they were kind enough to take it back.  It's no good.  That's all I can say.

This phone is good for a first timer but after a while it's a really boring teen phone. Its the same tiles and you don't have very many things to do on the phone. Good for just texting and calling.

I ordered this for my friend on Tuesday, recieved it on Thursday! Which was a day before the earliest expected delivery date. I opened the package to make sure everything was how it was supposed to be. The box had a little wear.. I guess die to shipping.. But the phone came with a charger & a battery. I ordered the same phone on Ebay a few months ago for 6 dollars cheaper, but this phone is worth the extra 6 bucks. It looked branddddd neww[...] Not a single scratch, brand new charger, battery, everything. I would greatly reccomend this phone to teens and adults that want internet (wifi) without paying a data package.

If you like texting and making the occasional phone call, this phone is for you. I purchased this phone while waiting for my Palm Pre 2 to arrive and it served it purpose. It is not a smart phone at all!!! The web browser is very basic and it does not come with apps or any other frills and thrills. This is strictly for the texters. The touch screen is crisp and very responsive. I gave this to my son and he uses it to text (he has an android tablet for everything else). No complaints from him...

I've always wanted this phone and I finally got it. It's so cute an amazing. You can actually forward messages by taking screen shots by pressing the back button and the camera button at the same time. I like the favorites tab. And I like that you can put music, videos and listen to the radio on it. The picture quality is fantastic for such a small phone. I highly recommend this phone for anyone that wants a simple phone but at the same time wants some smartphone capabilities.

The item works well.But this one  is a refurbished item.Not as described a brand new.And the accessories aren't original.The shipping speed is quite slow.

If you get this phone expect to drop it constantly,the shape and texture make it very hard to operate with one hand(pulling out of your pocket and opening it).I dropped it in the first five minutes of using.I have lent it to people saying "be careful dont drop it"every time someone dropped it.Also unless you have it strapped to you ear with a rubber band you can not here it ring.I downloaded a song from heavy metal band slipknot,and while in my pocket i still cant hear it ring,i constantly miss calls.the other pain in the a$$ is when you miss a call it shows up as missed call,the missed call wont go away unless you tap the button,then guess what,weather you like it or not it calls the number.so image missing five calls and having to tap each missed call and then trying to hang up before the person picks up.this phone stinks im getting another model..I still havent figured out how to forward texts?

No note pad, calender was poor,  everything else was great, especially the camera.  nice looking phone everything about worked well, but NO NOTE PAD!

Got this as a replacement phone for my 12yr old. she loves it and it works great. I am not disappointed at all

The phone is useless to me because it is not eligible for a Verizon monthly plan after I was informed it was.  Very dissatisfied.

Buy the product that should be kin one gsm and sent the kin tecnoligia onem which is CDMA and I think that is false pulicidad not recommend them.

I just love this phone.  It's hard to find a phone that offers free wifi....it's compact and works well.  I have bought three of them...one for each kid....

The only really good thing about this phone is its small qwerty keyboard, everything else about it sends it down hill; unfortunately. The device was outmoded by Verizon a while back, and the KIN support was shut down. This means that the phone cannot sinc up with the KIN database, website, Verizon phone book, or anything outside your personal computer. In a nut shell, all contacts must be put in manually and cannot be backed up. It also means that it cannon perform key functions of working with a Data plan, it has no way of cut-copy-paste, fwding, or sending to multiple addresses (unless using a data plan).These are the basic Plan problems with the phone, now let me speak on the programming side of the phone. I have done some basic programming, nothing huge or ground breaking, and this phone - while it does have a new programming look to it - has a horrible operating system. The phone will randomly shut down if you are two fast in performing a function, like using the touch screen to fast, or pressing several keys to soon after using the touch screen. It will also break up any and EVERY text into the multiple text format. Meaning if you are on the Verizon network, and you get a text from a friend on the same network that is (as an example) 240 characters, it will break it into several texts according to the max text rules of the phone (160), and your text will look like an eight year old wrote it.While this phone seems to be made for teens, and is trying to be trendy, it is a poorly designed phone to do the job. The main reason i got it was for the small keyboard and the wireless interface - without the need of a data plan - on occasion. If you are looking for a phone with the same attributes as i was, i would look somewhere else; this phone will add more annoyance than it's worth.

I have had this phone for about 5 years. I keep buying new ones though because I kept breaking my older ones. Finally I got smart and invested in a worthy case. When this phone has a case--it's a great phone.PROSQuick and responsive phoneQwerty keyboard has bubbly keys--I could literally text without lookingTouch screenSmall sizeWIFI Connectable (great if you don't have a data plan)Pretty loud music/speakerCall quality for 4/5 phones that I have owned has been good, last one I bought doesn't have the best call qualityFast texting, remembers drafts IN each conversationZune music :)CONSRound shape is easy to dropNo downloadable appsNo downloadable ringtones/soundsCompany in charge of this phone doesn't exist anymoreNo MicroSD slotHonestly, if you're looking for a smart phone look somewhere else. But if you want a phone that is ALMOST a smartphone--look no further. Hell, I bought the same freaking phone over and over every time I was irresponsible and broke the last one. I think that should tell you something. (That I'm poor and keep buy $50 phones? ha. yes, but it's a pretty decent phone for what it's worth.)

Besides having a very high cute factor, navigation and the features are quite easy to use. However, unless one has an extremely acute sense of hearing they will never hear it ringing. I constantly miss calls and am now shopping for a new phone.

I upgraded to this phone from a black enV 2.  At first it was difficult to get used to because there was only the qwerty keyboard and I was used to having the normal one too to shoot off a quick three or four word text, but I soon got used to it.  The keys are a bit small and close together, so if you have larger fingers this phone probably isn't for you.  Also, there is absolutely no way at all to just send your pictures and videos to your email or facebook or whatever.  You have to upload the zune player to your pc, plug in your phone to the computer, and then transferr everything over.  It got to be a real pain when I had things that I wanted to email to myself and had misplaced my usb cord.  On a more positive note, it is a bright and cheery little phone that is fun to play with.  Small and light, it fits easily into any pocket.  You will definately want to set up the screen lock if you carry your phone in your pocket though because otherwise you will end up taking endless pocket pictures, butt dialing people, and moving your "apps" around.I really did like this phone, but it loses a star because out of no where about 3 months after I upgraded it began to act strangely.  First it stopped letting me get onto the internet.  I figured, "Oh well," because I didn't use it for a whole lot anyway.  However, about a week after the internet app crapped out other apps took a nose dive.  Two weeks after the first app death I was unable to send or recieve texts and I could only call people, they couldn't call me.  So I gave up and reverted back to my trusty enV 2, and here I am now.  My enV has survived for nearly 3 years of use now, while the kin only lasted 3.5 months.This could have been a fluke, but who knows?  Buyer beware?

Neat device for phone calls and text messages. Texting works better with small and sensitive finger. A real attention getter.  Will continue to use because of its small size. Picture functions are surprisingly good. Speed and touch screen navigation are pretty good considering size. Never worried about accidental screen touches.  Only draw back is the feel and touch of keys.

I owned my kin for about two years before it stopped working.  this is a great phone and has awesome wifi capabilities!  my only complaint is that it is like holding onto a wet bar of soap - its a slippery little thing!  i am about to order a kin two to replace this phone and i hope it is as good!!

I ordered this phone and got it in extremely fast! I payed $30 for the refurbished one, and was quite pleased. There were a few nicks here and there, but no too noticeable. The people I ordered it from said it was a kin one and not the kin onem, but it turned out to be the kin onem and was very happy about it. I have own many kins over the past 2 years, and they have to be the BEST phones i have ever owned, and the BEST basic phones out there. A very simple and clean OS. WiFi is a winner for me. And the best of all is that is has Zune. Which still works even though they changed it to Xbox music. The other great things is that it is extremely fast and has a great keyboard, and an excellent camera with auto focus and flash. The only cons i have with the device is that the WiFi shuts on and off, but that has happened with all my kins, and the browser is a little sluggish and sometimes won't play certain videos. Sometimes YouTube works and sometimes not. So over all this is a great device that does not require a data plan and has WiFi and has Zune on on it.

I've had this thing for a year. Instead of waiting another year before I get a free phone with my contract I'm going to be replacing this with the Pantech Jest 2. Hope that works out because I can't stand this phone.CONS*text messages don't have time stamps. a time stamp appears about every 2 hours, as if i need that*text message text is small and hard to read*its really hard to edit a text message because the scrolling is ultra sensitive and your finger will be like half a pixel from the send button. hope you get it right the first time*for some incomprehensible reason, you can't set the alarm to vibrate. and the alarm  menu is, like every other menu, confusing and frustrating*can't download ringtones*after i dropped it once or twice, i basically no longer get reception indoors. not even for a text message.*does not have notepad*photo storing system is incomprehensible*for music, there's no way to delete or move songs around unless you connect to the computer, and the music program is Zune, which is possibly even more frustrating to use than this phone*i listen to music while jogging. there's no way to switch songs manually through a button on the side of the phone or something - instead, you have to open the touch screen and jab at it until the phone responds. because of the complex menus, a lot of the times it will switch playlists/songs/artists or just stop playing. you also can't hold it in you hand without the touch screen activating and messing something up.*the phone is too small. its impossible to tuck it against your shoulder without dropping it, so you better have your hands free at all times. also you better not hold it too close to your face because the touch screen will drop calls when your cheek touches it*has little notifications that pop up on the main screen when someone texts/messages you...those are all well and good, but when you click on them it lags and just makes things more confusing*the menus and everything are in general really confusing*doesn't come with a manual (and you need it, unless you already knew that clicking with two fingers will magically give you different results than clicking with one)...although you can find it onlinePROS*it's pretty. you can customize the menus with photos of your friends and whatever, if that's important to you*has a lot of space for music, i'll give it that, and a normal sized headphone jack. also plays the radio.*the keyboard, though a little small, is mostly workable*the ringtones are sort of cuteWell that's my rant. I really have tried with this phone but I can't deal with it anymore. I'm trying to look for a job and with this piece of crap getting no reception and me constantly hanging up on it with my face, trying to schedule an interview is just embarrassing. Not to mention everything else.This phone is made by Microsoft. Are you surprised?

Since the original purchase of this phone for my high school daughter we have had to replace it two times due to failures unrelated to the normal dropping on the ground or in water.  It just doesn't seem to hold up well for typical teenager use.

The link i'm posting is for Information regarding this phone listed as a GSM (Sim Card) phone. so if your wondering what its capable of this will help. Just to let you know.Link to Spec's here:[...]

Verizon REQUIRES a data package for this phone.  The Sharp Kin One-m does not.  The &#34;m&#34; is the difference.  This phone is not the right one to get unless you want to pay $30/month for the data.  If you want a data phone, DO NOT get this one.  it is a dumb smart phone.

This phone is very cute! I bought it after breaking an old samsung that I had. At first this phone seemed like a blessing, however I soon discovered that the keys are hard to type on because they are so close together. There's also no way to delete all your messages you have to go through them one by one. Depite these complaints it is a cute phone, that does get free wifi which is nice. It has multiple color schemes, which I like. Overall this phone is good, but like all things as its issues.

It's great it has internet and also it's light and cheap and with it only problem I had was no games

I have had it for 2 months now and so far it has been a great phone . Hope it doesn't get damage with the time  :)

Hand down this is the best feature phone out there. it does not come preloaded with any Verizon software so it feels like you have a smart phone.It is runs on it's own unique OS. It's better than Windows Mobile 6.5 but not up there with Windows Phone 7.It's missing some of things that smartphones have like an app store and gps.The fact that is has wi-fi puts it ahead of many other phones so you can browse the web, go on youtube, and have email.It does look funny but the keyboard is a nice size I would say I have slightly above average size hands and I have not problem texting.Call quality isn't that great though.As far as feature phones go, there should be no competition, this is the one you buy

I bought this for using as a Stylish zune player because I am not in US and my country doesn't have a CDMA network coverage. Otherwise I would try to use it as a phone. Anyway, unfortunately it has discontinued but I would like a Windows Phone 8 OS on a device like this. In my opinion the design of the device awesome. My mom as a very end unser loved it. Cant imagine how many would it sell if it had supported or upgraded globally.

Verizon has made the Kin one a phone that requires a data plan package, there are much better phones out there if you need data, we never activated this phone.  Bought a different phone, not happy with verizon...

The phone worked exceptionally.  It is very compact.  The only issue is with the slide-out keyboard.  It did not last very long.

Ordered this for my 11 year old daughter who is in 5th grade. She previously had a Samsung Intensity II, but the screen finally gave out after almost 2 years of abuse. I did not want to burn an upgrade on a kids phone, and this was a great price. I figured if she breaks it, it is easly replaced. Came on time, and worked right out of the box. I had no idea this phone would be so cool. It is touch screen, and has a ton of features that makes her feel like it is a smarter phone then her last one. She loves it. I would buy again.

love the phone small and fun sized. love txting fun and you never get bored with the phone because you can go on the web

I bought this for my son after his iphone5 was stolen great product really  enjoys itwould tell everyone to buy it

The battery life is excellent. I went from a Motorola Rival, then an LG Chocolate Touch, and now I have arrived in cellular phone heaven with the Kin One. The keyboard is so much nicer than any other phone I have had. The phone responds really well with the touch screen. There are only two gripes I have and that is the fact I only have four color themes (Green, Blue, Pink, and Red) *I would have liked to see a purple or orange* and sometimes the phone shuts off on its own. But still a great phone if you need a replacement.P.S. another great plus is that you don't need a data plan!!!!

I was skeptical to purchase this phone, but having wanted a wi fi compatible phone for so long not (but not wanting to pay for a data plan) made me go through with the purchase.  I have had the phone for about 6 months now and am very satisfied with the purchase.  This is a tiny touch screen phone with a menu screen that includes alarm, phone, messages, calculator, email, browser, camera, calendar, music (it has an am/fm radio as an added bonus), setting, search, and contacts.  The menu screen can also be made a variety of cute colors including pink, red, green, and baby blue.The functionality of the internet/browser is not the best; however, it allows me to get where I want to go and see what I need to see so long as wi fi is available.  Its nice to be able to check my email on the go.Pro's:-WiFI-Tiny and cute-Seems to have good battery life (I charge it every 2 days)-Slide up keyboardCon's:-Sometimes when you try to dial a number and hold the phone to your face to talk, your face cancels the call...-Otherwise, none.
