
I bought a cell phone from one sell, it was a use phone, with mark's on it that I didn't like so I contacted cell One, they were VERY honest, got my money back, no problem, and very nice people to deal with. I would buy from them again, I rate them a 10. Thank's Cell One, your the best!!!

I received this phone for Christmas from my parents. I had no problem activating it or getting my number transferred over to the new phone. I thought it was the best phone. Until a few months later. It stopped receiving text messages and wouldn't let me into my inbox. I called straight talk to ask them if I could get a new phone since this one was still under warranty. They agreed and told me to send my old phone in before I got my new phone. I was without a phone for about 2 weeks before they sent me a new one. The same problem happened twice more. I was even told that this phone was on recall but they couldn't give me my money back! Eventually, I just started using my flip phone again and haven't had any problems! This phone is a waste, and straight talk will not refund your money even if the phone is on recall!! Straight talk is a great service plan but this phone is just a piece of junk!!

i could get service inside my home now with this new phone im lucky to get it anywherei hate it and wish i could return it and get my monthly fee back

I dislike this bc it keeps shutting off outta the blue in mid conversation so i dont recommend it to neone

I thought it would of been a good phone. But it turned out to not be a good phone. I had very little reception 80% of the time. I kept on getting dropped calls. I had another straight talk phone before i purchased this one and that straight talk phone worked excellent.

I bought this about 6 months ago, and I love it. It was easy to use, and I got the hang of the phonecompletely in about 3 days, and I'm no good with that sort of thing. The only drawback is that sometimes its hard to unlock using touchscreen, but there is a button on the side that you can unlock it with too. Due to tough times, I couldn't keep my service on but I still to this day use it for alarm clock, calender, phone book, and music using the micro sd card slot. I plan on keeping this phone and reactivating this when I have the money.

This is by far THE worst phone I have ever purchased.  I was excited to see a cheaper phone available for the Straight Talk plan, and we bought them for all the members of our family. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF US HAS THE SAME ISSUES.  The phone cuts off in the middle of a call--either just cuts off the call, or shuts down completely. It has erased all of my contacts on more than one occasion, and randomly decides to lock the camera on at times, to the point I have to take the phone apart to get it to exit the camera app. This is just the tip of the iceberg!  I cannot express my disappointment enough--I strongly encourage you to spend a few extra dollars, and get a decent quality phone, unless you want to spend the next few months HATING your phone.

My wife wanted a touchscreen phone without spending a huge amount on a monthly contract.  Straight Talk seemed to be the way to go, but little did we know that this phone would be of such poor quality.First, the touchscreen.  It is not accurate or easy to use.  It frequently fails to give you the correct letter/number, especially when you are trying to use the letters that are near the edge.  So, it's not very fast because you have to continually back up and correct.Second, the way to disable the screen lock is to tap and hold.  Of course, if the phone gets up against anything in your pocket or purse, it will turn the phone on.  A few times, I've gotten "phantom calls" where I hear my wife driving her car, talking to store personnel, friends, whatever.Third, it is sometimes impossible to make a call without removing the battery and rebooting the phone. The longer you go without rebooting the phone, the more likely you are to miss a call.I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.  Too glitchy for the price.UPDATE:12/26/11 - The phone has begun dropping calls for no reason.  Full bars, good signal, and suddenly it cuts out.  Frustrating.We might be eBaying this one soon.  Too unreliable for regular communication.UPDATE:6/20/12 - The "E" key no longer works when texting.  What's most bizarre about this is that the phone is a TOUCH SCREEN.  How does a key stop working on a touch screen?  When you switch to traditional ABC DEF GHI mode (in portrait mode) then the D doesn't work, but the E does.  IT'S ON THE SAME BUTTON!  HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE? ON A TOUCH SCREEN!Last straw.  We're getting rid of this thing ASAP.

This is the worst phone I've ever had! I was so excited to get a "smart" phone, but all I was able to do was check FB and e-mail. The keyboard is way too small. You have to touch the letter over and over again to type anything and most of the time you hit the wrong letter. You have to keep hitting erase to fix everything and the ok key is right below it so you constantly send a half message or even worse, this phone will send an empty text and you get charged for it. When you turn the phone to use the full keyboard half the time it doesn't display until you shake it around several times. This is very frustrating. Their t9 is a joke, as most of the time it's faster to type out the whole word then to to look in their suggestion box, where the word won't be there or you tap the word and another appears and you lose the suggestion box. You then have to erase the word and retype! Twice I completely lost all my contacts!!!! This was the worst since I manually put them in and it took forever. Another time I lost everything I had in my memo, extremely frustrating. It took two weeks and two different sim cards just to get the phone going. Not having a phone for this long was the worst. Each time I had to call customer service they were mostly polite but nobody could get my phone started until I spoke with a manager. This took countless frustrating hours! When I called to complain about the problem I was having with the phone the lady I spoke to did not believe I had replaced two sim cards, since her records showed they had only sent one. Isn't the customer always supposed to be right? I know I replaced two sim cards on this phone and she made me so angry I hung up on her. I called again and was told I would have my phone replaced. I was then sent an empty box with a bag to replace the phone. So, I have to send my phone first, go without a phone again until they send the new one. I am buying a cheaper phone, I just want to be able to talk and text! They do have the best plan that is the everything plan with 1000 talk, 1000 text and limited internet. I'm buying the LG 900g, I read some good reviews on it. I just wish I had read the reviews on this phone before I wasted my money! I will wait until I get the other phone before I send back  this one, hopefully I won't have a problem transferring my minutes!!

I got this phone about two weeks ago, and I've already had a bunch of problems with it. I've been using Straight Talk for a long time and am happy with their $45 unlimited plan, so I decided it was time to upgrade from a flip phone with noisy keys to a touchscreen. Well, the keyboard is extremely hard to use, and I even have small fingers. My sister who has an iPod touch gets frustrated when she tries to type on it, she doesn't like the keypad. I thought it would just take some getting used to, but now it types letters I know I didn't type. Also, the widgets are hard to move around the home page and constantly freeze.A few days ago I was checking my email, and it randomly shut down. I tried rebooting it, and nothing happened. I took out the battery and then it worked fine. My battery was fully charged. I charged my battery all night two days ago, and yesterday my phone battery died with no warning. I was using the internet a little bit, but not for an extended amount of time. This morning, I checked my phone repeatedly for new text messages, and now at 1:13pm I finally got the text message my friend sent me at 9:30am.Also, I don't use T9word when texting, and I can't find any place to make Abc the normal text setting instead of manually choosing it every time I start a text.My boyfriend warned me about Samsung phones, but he has an Android and I thought that those were the only crappy phones. I'm going to look at returning mine.

I'll just go ahead and blame the post office for not returning it to sender instead of blaming the sender. Sorry bout that

I purchased this phone with high hopes, all of which were dashed when I tried to set up and use the password functions.  Even the downloaded documentation is woefully inadequate to explain the factory passwords (i.e., no documentation at all -- and they are not the standard numbers such as 0000, 1111, your last 4 digits, etc.)  The Walmart people talked to Customer Service for over 4 hours (yes, I was there, with 3 different Walmart employees, for over 4 hours; bless each one of them - we were courteous and patient) before even getting the factory passwords that were available, and not all of them were. Mostly the Walmart people were kept waiting on the phone with StraightTalk, with an occasional transfer to a "manager," and back and forth, with hours of dead time waiting for somebody to talk to.Significantly, not all of the factory passwords were available, even when we finally reached a living StraightTalk Customer Service representative.  Importantly, one of the security functions, the password function for dialing, never worked, even though it is a feature of the phone.  This is where you if you buy the phone MUST BEWARE!  I and my Walmart acquaintances surprisingly learned that nobody on the face of this planet knows the factory password for this function!  StraightTalk Customer Service was adamant about this.  NOBODY KNOWS!  Nobody in the Indian subcontinent, in the United States, the StraightTalk CEO, its Board of Directors - or anybody else on the face of the planet.Well, surely this cannot be right, my Walmart friends and I thought. We reasoned, this phone was made by human hands, designed by human engineers. Somebody must know (unless, of course, they're dead or something).  Yet, we learned, simply, that when StraightTalk tells you that nobody knows how to use its own phone, the Samsung T528G, well, that's exactly what it means: NOBODY! And Samsung won't tell you because it "doesn't know who you are."I STRONGLY WARN ANY PURCHASER FROM ATTEMPTING TO USE THIS FUNCTION. Once set (it's tricky because you don't need the factory password to initially set it, a password which as indicated above allegedly doesn't exist anyway), you are thrown into a unrecoverable mode (i.e., a passworded function for which no password exists or can be given) which only a new SIM card from Straight Talk will remedy. StraightTalk ultimately sent two SIM cards after both I and the Walmart people in succession made the same "mistake," i.e., simply trying to make the phone work the way the touch screen buttons tell you it will.Subject change: this is not a smart phone, anyway.  I'm not sure what to call it.  Most charitably, it is merely a phone with a touch screen, and at that a touch screen that often fails to accept input. Annoying, at a minimum. Impossible to even use, many times, especially (but not limited to) the corners of the touchscreen. It isn't that one's fingers don't press the buttons or the correct part of the touchscreen.  In fact, the buttons do "light up" when you press them. The phone simply doesn't respond to such input; this, regrettably, is a common occurence with this phone.There are no apps to speak of, either, because of the nonstandard operating system that runs it.  Good luck with the few apps it does support (the touchscreen issue again).The phone simply quit after two months. It simply hanged during the power up routine, for no discernable explanation. It wasn't a battery issue or SIM card issue. It didn't get wet. It wasn't dropped or bumped. It just quit.Relieved, actually, I bought a different phone.In sum, this phone is a complete waste of money.  I would have replaced it long before had it not cost so much money in the first place.YOU, a potential purchaser, will be unhappy with this phone every day you own it.  I strongly counsel my friends not to buy this phone.  I don't recommend it to YOU or anybody else either.

It is very hard to txt on... and maneuvering through the browser is almost impossible because the screen it too small to even enjoy  the internet... I wish I never bought it.. :(

Well, I don't know if  its the actual phone or Straight Talk.  More ST I think.  Incredible awful customer service, although they have finally got &#34;live chat&#34; now, but they all have the same answer for every problem.  &#34;Turn phone off.  Take out battery.  Wait 5 miniutes, replace battery.  Did that fix the problem?  Well, gee, I don't know.  You will need to call us on another phone.&#34;AM I RIGHT OR WHAT?

i like the phone but would have been nice to no that where im at it does not work so on that i would not buy a phone with a sim card

This has got to be the worst phone I have ever purchased and I do not recommend buying it. If I could get a refund I would.

My hhusband and I both love it light weight and easy for him to use and lock in his pocket thank you

Came in regular USPS tracking bag with charger and Manuel's. No sim card included. At first I had problems with the internet but after the second top up everything was fine. It does self dial in pockets and things of such but so far its great. Great price for such good qaulity

I have straight talk phone service through Walmart, so I recently upgraded from Samsung r355c to Samsung t528g, it is almost impossible to text this phone screen is very inaccurate always selects wrong key, this phone may look cute but it is badly designed and most of the cool functions do not sync with any computer, cannot download music, have to buy memory card and even with a micro sd memory card this phone is a piece of crap. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!I am going back to my old phone the Samsung r355c which has a good keyboard and easy to type. - David Imel

Overcharged for the phone, didn't work in my area, and poor customer service when trying to return it. I had to find a round-about option to get my money back. Not happy with this transaction at all. Do not buy, it will be a headache.

Not happy with this phone.  I don't know if it is because it is refurbished when I ordered a new but trying to text is awful.  Looking for some sort of styli's that might help and ordered one from Amazon but when it came that did not work either.  First time I haven't been happy with products ordered on Amazon.

The phone is nothing like the description, it does not connect to the internet, and the picture quality is not what it should be.

This phone is a very good phone. Even though it may freeze up and restart on it's on at times, all in all it's a phone I would recommend to others. It is also easy to figure out and use.

As I write this I've had the Samsung T528G for about two weeks, with Straight Talk service.STRAIGHT TALK COMMENT:Straight Talk has been fine so far. Service has been fine. I just spent the weekend out in the boondocks, and I didn't have service. My wife had service with her Verizon phone if she stood at the very top of a hill facing a certain direction. Other than that, Straight Talk has worked out great. And that one incident isn't worth paying $30 extra dollars a month for.THE PHONE:Phones are not a big source of interest or entertainment for me. I simply want an effective communication device that doesn't cost too much, and doesn't cause a lot of frustration. This one fits the bill very well. Call quality is fine.One thing I do deeply appreciate it the easy and effective lock mechanism. Every phone I've had for the past five years "pocket dials" - even when locked. This phone, however, is a one-button lock, that stays locked until I say so. It's easy to unlock also, but not accidentally. Thank you!TOUCH SCREEN:I'm in my forties, so touch screens are still kind of a novelty for me. My fingers are about average for a man. Even so, I found overall that the screen  was responsive and easy to use.The QWERTY keypad (context dependent) is a little small. I've only sent about five texts, so in fact, I'm still getting used to it. I'm pretty sure it will be fine once I get used to it. I turned off the "T9" feature which guesses which word you are trying to type. It's worthless because you can't keep adding new letters once it kicks in.The other aspects of the touch screen are easy and responsive.WIDGET FUNCTION:This is the only part of the phone which I dislike. I view the whole concept as a design flaw. There is a little side bar that will slide out and offer you widgets (like an alarm clock, or a calculator, or weather report). These can all be accessed through the tools menu elsewhere on the phone. The idea is, the widget bar gets you there faster.Three issues: first, once you tap the widget on the bar, it doesn't actually open the widget - it just puts it out onto the main screen. You then have to tap (or double-tap, depending on the widget) to open it. Silly and pointless. In most cases it is the same number of taps to go to menu>tools>[whatever widget you want].Second, once you have used your widget, it sits out there on the main screen, cluttering it up. Widgets easily get put on top of one another, making them hard to access, which is exactly opposite of the point.Third, I have a lot of trouble getting the widgets to go back onto the widget bar when I'm done with them. The idea is to tap once and drag the widget back onto the bar. You shouldn't have to do this in the first place. But, you do, and it is very hard to convince the phone that you don't simply want to reposition the widget icon to the left side of the screen. You have to find just the right sweet spot to get it go back to the bar.So, I hate the widget function. There, it's out of my system.MUSICThe music player is a decent, functional tool, with the ability to transfer playlists even from my non-standard media library (Media Jukebox). You'll definitely want to get a decent sized micro sd to keep the music on. I created my own ringtone for my wife with few problems.WI-FIThe wi-fi function is nice - when available, you can browse the internet from a wifi connection and not use up any network bandwith. In other words, you can get `free' internet when wi-fi is available.OTHER TOOLS:I often use alarms, countdown timers and calculators. This phone has all three, and they all work just fineCAMERA/CAMCORDERI haven't used the camcorder. The camera is 2MP, which isn't that great these days. It's OK in a pinch (like when I'm fishing) but if I expect to take pictures, I'm carrying my 12 MP zoom camera.WEB BROWSER, FACEBOOKI'm too old to get used to these tiny screens. I don't even like browsing the web on my 7" Nook Color - so I didn't care for these functions on this phone, simply because of size.APPS:As I said, I don't look at phones as a source of entertainment. I don't think this phone would be a good one in any case. There are "apps" available from Samsung. The following sentence will tell you all you need to know about them: There are 22 apps - total. If you want anything that doesn't come standard with the phone, this is not the unit for you.Overall, a good little phone if you want a basic phone with a few of the "standard" extras.

I am going through a hard year financially and AT&T; shut my iphone service off. Luckily, a friend bought me this little phone through Straightalk. Since my iphone retains most of the features except making phone calls, I am thinking of keeping the iphone and using it as an ipad, and keeping the Samsung for calls only. (Did you know you can TM on a &#34;dead&#34; iphone as long as the other person has an iphone? Pretty cool! You can also text internationally--for free! But only to other iphone users.)Using the Samsung for calls and the iphone for everything else will save me $140 a month!Keep in mind that the Samsung is just pretending to be all grown up and &#34;smart.&#34; It really isn't. So forget about surfing the net and all that. It's just way too hard and the screen is itsy bitsy....If you truly want an iphone or a real smart phone, sign a two year contract with AT&T; or whoever and you can get an older model for CHEAP. (I originally got an iphone 3 for 99 cents. I lost it so they sent me an iphone 4.) When your contract is up, you can keep it handy for all those handy apps OR I believe you can transfer it to straightalk and pay $60 a month (someone told me that, don't quote me!).NOW, this Samsung model has some quirks that take a little time to understand. I was having trouble bringing up the keypad when making a call, which made answering voice mail prompts impossible. I finally looked around the internet and figured out how to do that. Texting is REALLY irritating on this model, especially as I had become so comfortable with the iphone. So if texting is important to you (not so much for me), then you need a better phone.I am pretty much pleased with this baby phone. It makes calls, which is all I need it to do. And it's SMALL, which is very nice. And my iphone 4 does all that other stuff just fine: google, facebook, mapquest, etc. Some apps need a wifi connection though, so I can't listen to Pandora in my car with the iphone. But big whoop--I have all kinds of music uploaded, so I put it on shuffle and go about my merry way.I am so very pleased to pay $30 a month instead of $140! So, consider my Two Phone Policy and you will have the best of both worlds!

Throughout my experience of buying increasingly modern phones, I have noticed the best ones have very intuitive features--that is, even without a manual you can typically figure out its features with a little trial and error hunt and peck.The Samsung T528G is not in this category.The touchscreen is tempermental, sometimes giving you what you want, sometimes not responding, sometimes giving you some other function.  Similar reaction with the keypad.  Try texting letters in, and it will sometimes type in letters not even remotely close to the one you are pressing.It will call what seems to be random number...it won't even necessarily be the last number you dialed.  It deletes random phone numbers.As I purchased it part of a StraightTalk plan, I'm not sure if it has it's own e-mail address (my past two phones, did).  In the process of trying to find out, I connected to my hotmail account. That would be pretty cool, except now I can't get it to disconnect, and every few hours it will vibrate as it receives a message.A very strange peculiarity--my previous 5-year-old phone had the capacity of 300 phone numbers, that could then be divided into 20 categories. This phone supposedly can store around 2000 numbers--but with only 10 categories.The address book has the ability to create birthdays, but then those birthdays don't link to the calendar.  And if you want to create a birthday without an address entry, it won't let you enter a birth year beyond a certain point--and a fairly recent certain point, at that.Another peculiarity--part of the reason I was getting a new phone is that the charge on my old phone wouldn't last 7 minutes once I started talking on it.  However, in a passive state, with just checking time every few hours, it would still hold its charge for two days.  When it was brand new, it would hold the charge for over 3 days. With the T528G, I haven't stayed on the phone long enough to outlast it's charge, but it will run out of power in its passive state in less than 1 day.I was thinking of passing this phone on to my daughter and getting myself a more intuitive one, thinking maybe I just wasn't keeping up with the technology, but then I come here and see the other reviews and realize, wow, no, it's just a crappy phone.  I'm hoping to find my receipt and trade this one in, otherwise I'm thinking I'll have to take a loss.As an additional site, on Samsung's own website, the product only gets 3 of 5 stars.I probably should have checked the reviews before buying the product.(For example, just now, sitting in my loose t-shirt pocket, it went from the home desktop screen to the calendar screen.)I've had the phone for less than 3 weeks, and I've already grouped up more complaints than praises about this phone.  One way or the other, I'm going to find a different product.  The service provider (StraightTalk) doesn't seem to have anything to do with the quality of the product one way or the other, so this is strictly a review of the Samsung T5288G and not StraightTalk (except for them offering such a crappy product at such a relatively high price).

I have delt with straight talk , first phone died in a month it took them 8 weeks to finaly get me a phone a phone that worked ,they had sent me 5 other phones and none worked so I went with out a phone for 8 weeks ,they were not gonna give me back the  air time I had already paied for  but was unable to use due to phones not working so I had to get mad ,and demanded this ,was with a manager on the phone I had spoken with ,so I finaly didn get that , you have to call people in indea and we can't understand one another ,,(not their fult) but if you like being on the phone trying to get something done for at least one and half to two hours everytime then straight talk is for you !!I have had nothing but probles with this company !the last time I nead a slim card well again on the phone for ever !!! and never got a slim card in the mail,, and went to walmart to take back my  per paid card I paid 45 dollars for and they would not let me return it even thow I never got to use it, so my advice is DO NOT BUY STAIGHT TALK  and walmart would NOT HELP in any way,, so I do not shop at walmart ! they do not back up their products ,I got a new phone and serves I bought a new phone here on amazon ,I pay only 30 dollars for unlimited calling and texting ,,and they are here in the USA and speek english and I can go into their office there is no contract ,and have had no problems with the serves provider ,and the best part is I could buy my own phone and not have to buy one of theirs its devote30 you can get unlimited calling ,texting and internet for only 40 dollars amonth ,,the are a heck of A LOT BETER then straight take ,DO NOT GET STRAIGHT TALK keep looking for  a nother provider their phones are bad and bad serves,,

The phone is ok, kinda hard to text on touchscreen. I thought it was more finger friendly but not so. Wish I had look a little more at the reviews, but overall phone is good.

I got 1 of these phones 4 Christmas.  Once u get used 2 it it is simple n easy 2 use.  It has 3 home screens n u can change the wallpaper on all 3 screens.  It is java powered n u can get free apps 4 it from getjar.com.  It has a good built n speaker n u can get free music 4 it from 4shared.com.  U can get up 2 a 32gb micro sd card 4 it which goes n the side.  It can use wifi 4 online use which can save u $ so u don't have 2 use Straight Talk's nternet.  U can use either the $30 or the $45 card with it.  It has a 2mp camera n can record videos.  I highly reccomend this phone n give it 2 thumbs up.

As others have pointed out, if you think you are getting an Iphone for $90, you are only kidding yourself.  This is a small phone, with a small screen, and so forth.Pros:  Nicely compact, but the touchscreen features are still useable, after a short learning curve.Call quality is good, battery life is good (5-6days for me).Sturdy, I've had it for several months, and it is still working like new.Accessories like skins, chargers, backup battery, and so on were easy to find on Amazon, and were inexpensive.Cons:  Occasional lock ups - like maybe 4 time in several months... simply popped the battery out and back in.In my hands, it almost feels too small, a case or skin makes it feel like my grip is more secure.Voice mail is my biggest complaint. It was a pain to set up, and it drops about half the words in some messages.Other: Camera is 'OK', not great, not horrible.Because of the small size, it is easy to 'dial' with your cheek while holding the phone up to your face to listen.Mostly this simply turns on the speakerphone function, but sometimes it keeps sending a single number, which can causeoutgoing calls to choose the wrong menu option.It is what it is.  I can talk and text on it, I can take snapshots with it, and I don't have much use for apps and games, so I can't speak to that.

the prices are a joke. wal mart had this phone for $29.88. bought two of them. good phones for the price.

This is a very poor phone. Some problems include;1. A very delayed response touch screen. Sometimes you have to press the unlock button several times to access your phone. The delay also makes texting extremley difficult especially with the buttons being so small. It takes a long time and a lot of patience to write out a text message.2. The widgets (most of which are pointless as widgets because you could just access them from the main menu) move very easily when you are trying to scroll through the screens. Also, if you get a widget to close to the edge of the screen it will get stuck and impossible to move. The missed call widget often dissapears and you have to put it back on your screen.3. My phone would not stay charged. It would say it had 3 battery bars and then die in the middle of a text message. It was also very difficult to get it charging, I would have to plug it in and out o the charger several times before the charger was recognized.These are just some of the issues. The phone is also very small and not very sturdy.4. Don't be fooled by this phone having "apps" The only "apps" that come with this phone are things like calculators, calendars etc.I had mine for about 6 days before I got tired of it and traded it for a samsung t404g, a phone that didnt have touch screen but has a slide out QWERTY key board. It is about 20 dollars less and works 20 times better. I also have the option to download java apps. The only thing I don't like is an unchangeable pink menu color scheme.

awsome deal on this product as advertised. Would by from again! Just wished it came with the cell phone cover.

I do not care for this phone; the buttons are too close, sound quality is low, it freezes, and the buttons don't all work all the time

bought this phone for $100...was abig mistake. wouldnt buy it for a dollar!! Freezes everytime it feels like, turns itself on and off in the middle of your calls. Doesnt support applications either. Only goood on maintaining charge.

If you are considering any phone on the Straight Talk network, you should be aware of a few things. In my opinion, email downloads are erratic and do not automatically update. I have also not been able to access their voice mail system via Skype when out of the country. When I kept trying to access it, they deleted my voice mail box altogether. When I called in for technical support, they told me that they could not help me access my voice mail box unless I was using my phone to do it. Not a good experience. I looked this problem up on the web and it is apparently a problem with their general system. Many complaints about this issue online.

Has a lot of glitches like shutting off and turning on at random times. However it does have a good signal anywhere.

The phone is in excellent condition and came with a fully charged battery. The only issue I have with the phone, is that the SIM card still had personal information on it and says that the SIM card in unregistered; which is an issue since I can't reactivate the phone for use until I order a whole new SIM card from StraightTalk, which is said to take 3-5 days once I purchase a minute card.During this process, I have to be without a phone for almost 2 weeks which is a huge inconvience as I use my phone for personal and professional operations on a daily basis.

This phone is terrible and I can't say anything about it that's bad enough.How much do I hate it?Let me count the ways.The touch screen doesn't respond properly and there's no way to calibrate the screen. I couldn't get on the Internet even after staying on a landline with Customer Service for over an hour, the keyboard sucks and the phone keeps making and accepting random calls if I leave it unlocked.I agree with another reviewer that Samsung should be ashamed for putting out such a piece of junk, especially for $99.00. In fact, a.99c asking price is probably too much and if I could rate it less than a 1, I would

I received the phone on time. The only thing is I would not tell anyone o order this phone. It is way to small. This phone one that Straight Talk first come out with.

I bought a $130 dollar refill card and my 3g got slower. If anything it should have gotten faster. Their customer service gave me the run around. Some of their accent's were hard to understand too but they couldn't or wouldn't help me. It takes like 5 minutes to just pull up Amazon. Now I'm stuck for 3 months with a BS phone. So be careful my service changed so could yours with no explaination. Walmart wont help you either which makes me not want to shop there any more. Walmart should be responsible too since they are the only ones to sell it. I don't. Think I'm being unreasonable. I called straight talk 3 days in a row and was nice the first 2 days. I've put so much money in tracfone and St and this is what I get. Thanks! Appreciate it

Soooo this phone completely sucks.  My fiance bought it for me for our anniversary last year.  I was so excited but within minutes I was less than thrilled.  At first I thought it was just me but once I gotused to the phone it never got better.  From the start I had to hold the phone at a wierd angle to text.  This was because the screen wold not stop flipping.  I figured I could look past this.  Then my phone would randomly delete contacts nevermind the fact that everytime you try to go online it takes about 10minutes for the page to pull up and thats if the phone doesnt shut down.  Oh yes it does that too.  On my commute home my phone will turn off and on about 3 times within a half hour.  This phone sucks.  I've dropped it a few times on the ground and no damage was seen.  One day it fell on the carpet and a ended up with a huge crack on my screen.  If this phoe was on sale for $10 I would advise against buying it.

This is my first touch phone, and based on this experience my last. It calls itself a 'smart' phone, but the apps are limited to an extremely limited set of apps specific to this phone. The interface is horrible. I'm not certain what the appeal of multiple desktops on a phone is, but it has three. If you drop an icon too close to the icon bar opening tab, it becomes extremely difficult to relocate them. There is apparently no means to change the settings within the alert modes (Normal, Silent, Car, etc..) - and so email and text messages will sound alert tones through the night unless you put the phone in silent mode. There are no exposed settings for the sleep / lock timer, and the phone will turn itself off (not just lock) after a few minutes.  The phone supports Wi-Fi - but it's not used for any connection whatsover. If you try to go use the web with a wi-fi connection it just says "network settings unavailable" - as a result, all data must go via 3G (using metered data or forcing you into an unlimited plan)I've now had the phone long enough that I do not feel comfortable returning it, and I'm seriously considering literally tossing the phone in the trash and buying a cheap simple phone. Do not buy this phone.

Phone will not work in area that person using the phone lives.  It is through Verizon Straight Talk and has no service what so ever.  My sister has the phone and she has had several Straight Talk phones prior to this one with service always may have not been full service but enough to use mobile web and text/call.  This phone stays on charger because it has no service what so ever.  I will NEVER buy anything else Samsung again too many problems with too many different phone made by the company, no bad feed back to Amazon product delivered earlier than expected and arrived in good shape.

I like this phone and i got it in about a week. But as with probably all phones,, it cuts off every now and then and it will run slow. And at first i couldnt figure out why it wouldnt let me send or recieve picture messages or get on the internet but we fixed it. And it will sometimes say i have 563 service days left when in reality i only have 5.Its just something that will happen with all phones. I loves how quickly it came and i love the phone i will definatly order from yall again, thank you!!

WHEN I RECIEVED THIS ITEM I BOUGHT A USED ONE. IT REALLY DIDN'T GIVE A GOOD DESCRIPTION OF WHAT CAME WITH IT AND IF IT WORKED. THOUGHT I WOULD SAVE SOME MONEY SO I BOUGHT THE USED ONE. IT CAME IN A SMALL PACKAGE. IT DIDN'T HAVE A CHARGER. I USED MY NEPHEW'S CHARGER IT STAYED CHARGED FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS. I WROTE TO AMAZON THEY WANTED ME TO SEND A PICTURE OF THE PHONE. I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE TO SEND IT. STILL HAVE THE PHONE. THE APPLIED 50.00 TO MY BANK ACCOUNT WHICH I WAS APPRECIATIVE FOR. THE NEXT TIME I WILL BUY A NEW ONE.THANKS AMAZON FOR HELPING ME WITH THE PROBLEM

Great phone for the price. It's reliable and I would recommend it to anyone who needs an inexpensive phone with triple minutes.

I ordered this phone through Straight Talk online and it has been downhill ever since.  The first phone they sent me would not hold a charge so I sent it back.  The next one held a charge but I was completely unable to get a keypad to appear for voice prompt calls.  The customer service is absolutely horrible and many times you cannot understand what they are saying.After all this trouble, they are still trying to charge me for the month of service that I did not have a working phone.  I couldn't set up my voicemail on either phone.Please please do not get this phone.

This phone is the absolute irritating thing ever...it shuts off whenever it feels like it and when u try to turn it back on it just says initializing and wont let u do anything wont let u see ur contacts or get to ur messages, why the hell pay the bill each month if u cant even use it how u would like to half of the time...i wish i would have never of got this stupid phone..the screen is also way to small to try to text on and u have to hit the button like 10 times towards the bottom if u tilt it to the side, i so do not reccommend this phone to anyone, waste of money and a pure pos!!!!

Keeps freezing up and I have to reboot it all of the time. Worse phone I ever owned. I wished I never bought it.

I bought this phone after owning the Nokia E71, Which is far more superior compared to this poorly constructed excuse for a phone. The back and screen scratch after the first day of owning and ware shows badly. Freezing happens instantaneously, as well as random restarts and system crashes. The Apps available for this phone are not what they are made out to be, they are useless, such as a birthday countdown. Videos don't play well if at all, and internet becomes slow with minimal storage used. And The worst of the worst Is the cheap keyboard and touchscreen, texting is difficult, definitely no HTC or iphone. If your looking for a basic phone, for calling mostly and the occasional text message you can get by, but for any cell phone junkie i would not recommend this phone for you.

I ordered this because I have been using an older flip phone for 2 years now and it is pretty well worn!Friends said I needed to join the 21st century and buy a Smartphone!I am a frugal person, but an upgrade sounded nice, but I didn't want to pay top dollar for a phone and data plan, because costly items aren't always better!I found this phone on Amazon for around $55 and decided to give it a try considering replacing my other phone would have cost me nearly $40. I was also told that Straight Talk had more affordable plans than Verizon.This phone arrived within a few days. I called to activate my phone and I decided to get Straight Talk's $30 plan that includes 1,000 talk minutes, 1,000 text messages and 30,000mb of data. I should have bought the unlimited plan for $50, because this phone goes through the texts and data FAST (mine was gone in 3 days)!The phone was easy enough to activate, BUT my web was not activated which made me place a call to Straight Talk, well my web seemed to be working after being on the phone with Tech Support for over 2 hours!The browser sucks on this phone and half the time it will not allow you to gain access to the web site that you are trying to go too! Very few apps are available for this phone and the ones you can get are useless!I bought a game from Straight Talk and the phone won't even load it!Most of the features on this phone are also on Dollar Store phones! I like to add a "Signature" to my texts and this phone doesn't even have that basic feature!My flip phone that I paid $15 for 4 years ago is MUCH better!I am already back to using my old phone after only a week! I plan to purchase a new flip phone and throw this piece of junk in the trash!UPDATE: I was forced to use this phone for 4 months due to finanes and I have HATED every minute of my phone use!!!TIP: I purchased a Boost Mobile Samsung Galaxy Android on here for $50 and I LOVE it! I suggest you purchase that phone and not this one!

GOOD PHONE THAT WORKS GREAT!!!Phone was just as described and after some instruction reading, worked perfectly. Good price AND QUALITY.

I agree with the fine review below that this is not a smartphone and shouldn't be judged as one.  We paid $30 for the phone new at Walmart and have the phone on a straight talk $30 plan too  -- a great deal for light-duty use mainly as a phone.  A whole bunch nicer than the entry level flip phones available.  agree totally with assessment of widgets -- its a flawed feature, they would have to work better to be useful.  The other complaint we would add is the voice mail is extremely kludgy, as you have to pull down a number menu to enter pin and page through mail.  Perhaps we can find a way to access the voicemail with the recognition software.  aside from the widgets and the menu "clutter" than can't be cleaned, its a nice little phone.

I don't know why people don't give this phone 5 stars. It is no Iphone or anything special and complex. It is a perfect little phone that has a great camera and the mp3 is easy to use. It has 3 home screens so I can have pictures of my kids to show everyone. I think it is great quality. I just had to buy another because I was smart enough to drop it in water. It still worked just not as well. Anyways it is a great phone for people who do not care about having 100 apps. It even has apps for the weather, BMI, diet, and other fun things. It's really to use.

***UPDATED 2/2013The fellow stating that it's not bad for the money, and that all the neg reviews come from people expecting it to perform like a $200 unit is still dead wrong. And no, even for the $20 I paid for mine it's was a waste of time, effort and 20 bucks. I have every cell phone I have ever owned still sitting in a pile in a drawer, perfectly capable of being reactivated and used. However upon replacement of this piece crap, which is soon, I plan on smashing this useless piece of junk into as many microscopic pieces I can then flushing them all down the toilet! Yes, the pone is that bad. I' have given it -50 stars if the scale went in that direction, and i'd still feel this way if they paid ME the 20 bucks to take it! This phone stinks beyond the description of words, period.I'm going to open by cutting straight to the chase: This phone is the absolute worst piece of intolerable crap ever assembled. Period.Beyond that I can't even begin to organize my hatred for this piece of crap so I'm just going to start with whatever comes to mind first and let it go from there.The touchscreen is horrible. When you try to make a menu selection on the outside icons, instead of opening the button you touched, it thinks you wanted to swipe to the next page, so you have to swipe back to where you started and try again. After about 3 times of playing this silly game you may get the icon you touched to open. Now a new problem develops, upon scrolling down through menu options instead of reading your finger swipe as a swipe, it beeps when your finger hits the screen and opens whatever it was your finger landed on instead of letting you scroll the list.Texting or composing emails is a tedious, painstakingly slow and frustrating process because A) the keys are way too small, B) there is no way to calibrate the keyboard, you are stuck with tiny little squares that the tip of your pinky finger completely cover.Typing even the simplest of messages is a long drawn out time consuming affair that will have you tearing your hair out by the end of the second sentence. No matter how low you get your finger to the bottom edge, the space bar will always yield 7 no responses, then a couple of C's V's or B's thus requiring you to use the backspace button, which in turn yields an "enter" key strike, or an "ok" hit. Once you finally get your space, try shifting to capitalize a letter and you get an A or a Z, forget about trying to change from letters to numbers / symbols, you'll hit shift or get nothing for your first 10 taps on the key as with the space bar. If a particular message contains 100 characters, you may well have tapped the key pad 500 times to accomplish your goal. Oh and by the way, trying to use the number pad old school to text with is just as bad. You can tap as accurately as you want, and 1/3 of the time you will inevitably end up with a character from an adjacent key. The keyboard just sucks, no 2 ways around it.The browser? Forget it. It's a joke. Tiny little display that can't show a fraction a page, and when you zoom it it always says "page to large to display" then shrinks it back down to microscopic size. Scrolling is a tedious chore too. If you get lucky enough for it to open something and you want to scroll down while holding the phone width-wise, you can stroke the screen 1,000 times and it just sits there like it's frozen, then after you tilt it back upright, then back sideways again, you might get it to scroll a swipe or 2 before it ignores your finger again. Its frustrating as all F! Half the time when you want to negotiate around a page, instead of moving the image it thinks you want to zoom, and pulls up the up/dn arrows for zooming. You get those to go away then you start opening links when you want to scroll (as with the phone menus themselves noted above)Now, say you got through all that and you do want to open a link, good luck with that. Thus begins another game of "tap tap tap tap tap TAP TAP TAP DAMMIT!, open you mother ...!!" The finally, it happens you see the activity icon indicating you successfully clicked the link on the 147th tap, and now you get........... "site not responding ok/cancel" *&%@!!!!!! so you hit ok, and back to tap tap tap tap tap tap tapNow for all its faults to this point, it only gets worse. Straight Talk touts this as a smart phone with "app" capability. WRONG! The only apps available for it are proprietary pieces of useless garbage from a proprietary site. You can't even put keyboard managers like SWYPE on it to make using it remotely tolerable.Another annoying and unacceptable "feature" I guess we'll call it, is that despite how Samsung built and intended this phone to work, Straight Talk sees fit to disable and neuter it's functions down to a level of uselessness. For example, I downloaded the Samsung PC interface software, bought a USB cable only to discover that all the pc to phone uplink capabilities are disabled by S/T. I mean come on seriously! I'm paid for the phone based on published specs and abilities, I'm paying for 30 days of so called "unlimited" service, but the provider shunts you from utilizing it to it's full potential? What kind of BS is that?Then I discovered that after setting up the e-mail client it would only send over the wifi connection while at my house (or wifi spot) it will not send an email over the cell network. I asked CS about it and after an hour of F'ing around they told me that my NEW out of the box phone that I had just configured would have to be factory reset to get that feature to work properly. Yeah, factory reset after just having manually entered all my contacts into it because there was no other way to sync it with my other phone.The last thing I will say is that their customer service absolutely stinks. The people you talk to never know WTF you're saying, they don't comprehend anything and I have never once ever added a service card to my account without some sort of interruption or SNAFU. It never credits my phone on time, I'm left with service drops for hours on end until they open CS the next day. Who ever heard of a cell phone customer service center that wasn't 24/7 this day in age?Conclusion: There is absolutely NO reason on the face of this green earth why anyone should subject themselves to this sort of cell phone hell at any price. If all you want is a cheap "burner" for emergencies to make or take voice calls, then sure, whatever. But if you even remotely suspect that you would want to experiment with it's other features or in-capabilities, forget it. Just simply forget it, you WILL BE SORRY, I promise you!I'd love to know what the guy who said this was an excellent phone for the money despite all the negative reviews was thinking, because he sure couldn't have been using this phone to draw that conclusion! It's a piece of junk that I can't rid myself of fast enough!

I wish I'd never bought this phone as it is the most awkward device to try & use.As a phone:  Taking calls is awkward, as during the process of retrieving the phone from a pocket or bag I accidentally hang up on the caller.  Furthermore, there is a lock toggle button which is perfectly placed to always be under your finger when you pick up/hold the phone.  If you are not very careful, the screen will unlock during your phone call and a slight touch to your ear will generally terminate your phone call.Texting:  The screen is TERRIBLE.  Trying to type on a keyboard on a terrible touchscreen = frustration.  Sometimes the screen rotates from landscape to portrait spontaneously and the keyboard disappears.  In portrait mode, the predictive typing is deplorable.  You are much better off slogging through using the poor keyboard (and using backspace like a mad fool).  Sending a full 160 character text can take over 5 minutes.  The "inbox" size is arbitrary - even though we've got an 8GB SD card inserted, the mailbox maxes out at ~96 message.  There is no association of replies to the original message as in most other systems.Checking voicemail:  IF you configure it, you can have a "quick access" item on your screen so all you have to do is press and hold on the voicemail icon.  Problem: the touch screen is so laggy and inaccurate a simple operation like this can take several attempts to get the right little icon selected (sometimes the entire "quick access" panel just disappears entirely from the screen and you have to go find it).  Once you DO actually get it dialing voicemail, screen dims and is locked out - just in time for you to hear "enter PIN now".  IF YOU ARE FAST ENOUGH, you then take the phone away from your ear, unlock the screen (guess the spot on the dimmed-out screen where you need to press and hold for 2 seconds or press and hold the locking key on the side of the phone).  Now the phone is successfully unlocked, you need to hurry and press the little button for "dial" to bring up a keypad (before the screen dims out again or locks again).  Enter your PIN and you finally can hear your voicemail!  Don't worry, the fun doesn't end there.  Want to skip or delete the message?  The fun begins again...Checking email:  If you plan to use the web interface, get ready to spend an frustrating hour.  If you preconfigure an email to automatically be pushed to the phone, reading them is much easier (well, for gmail anyway) HOWEVER, you must have the unlimited data plan because it will chew through 30MB of data (basic straightalk plan) within four days or so.Web Browsing:  Fail, Fail, Fail.  Browsing on my little flip phone which generally only shows lines of text is MUCH more usable. The screen on this phone is terribly small/low rez and the processor/memory are pathetic.  StraightTalk has crippled the web browser so, more often than not, I just receive an error when I try to load a web page.  Trying to quickly lookup an address or phone # using google while on the go?  IF you can get it to work, it'll take you 10 minutes (or more).Regarding the other potential uses ("Apps" like calendar, address book, alarm clock, etc):  worthless.  This thing is just painful to use for ANYTHING.  Want to set an appointment in the calendar?  It'll take you 15 minutes to get it all setup.

Worst phone ever.  Just bought a new phone today because this phone has annoyed the piss out of me for almost 2 years. The worst thing it does - Pocket deletes all of your contacts about every 2 months of so. You won't be needing any of those anyway right? Receiving multiple texts is pure torture. The worst. Internet on it sucks. Only decent thing it did was Twitter. Typing on it never became easy in 2 years. HEED MY WARNING! DON'T DO IT!

this is a nice little phone, i havent learned all of the features but it is very nice , i just need to read the book.the seller was very prompt in sending this product so i was very satisfied with the overall purchase.

BUYER BEWARE - DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!  From the start of owning this phone, it didn't work right.  The Straight Talk service people were reprogramming on a daily/weekly/monthly basis.  This was because my wife's minutes would "run out" and StraightTalk couldn't figure out why.  We tried to be patient thinking they would work out the bugs, but it continued.  After a few month's of this, we asked if we could get a different model phone as a replacement, they said "no, only the same phone."  Since we spent $130 on the phone, she stuck with it.  Most recently, 3/13/13 she cannot send or receive text messages.  Same old story from StraightTalk, "We will send you the same replacement model phone."  Why in the world would I want the same phone after all this???  Seriously, buy a different phone.  And maybe consider a service provider who is interested in keeping their customers.  I am...

UPDATED 2/17/13This phone has received a considerable amount of negative reviews - compared against similar phones of the same price range, this is an excellent phone. Many of the negative reviewers seem to obviously be expecting the features of a $200 phone from a $80 - $100 Trac phone (UPDATE: Thanks to a commenter the Walmart retail of this phone is now only $28. I have not verified this, but if that be the case, this phone is an INCREDIBLE VALUE).First off the OS on this system is not an Android (it is a Windows based OS), and it is technically not a smart phone but has MANY of the features of a smart phone. The browser is Dolphin, used by many Android based phones, so it is a decent browser, with some things you can do, some things you cannot. The phone supports some apps, others it does not...This phone is a 3G pseudo-smart phone (it has many of the qualities of a smart phone but is technically not one because it lacks a few things, all of which I will mention) with a mid-sized touch screen and runs a Windows based operating system, as opposed to Android, for instance. The screen flips so it can be viewed horizontally or vertically in any screen/view, and texts can be done via regular virtual phone keys or a horizontal virtual keyboard. It is not loaded with apps, but has pre-loaded practical apps that will be covered in this review, as well as additional optional apps available from samsung... it doesn't have nearly the available apps of say an iPhone, which, while they are very very cool, especially things like, for instance, meditation breathing apps to transportation apps, mimic police scanners, and dining/store finders/reviews, and apps that allow you to practically run full programs, etc., however, for the value, the apps available (some installed with the phone, others available via samsung) are within reason and, like I said, are predominately very practical ones, and it also has a sizable amount of available game downloads as well, which run pretty well on this phone's CPU. It includes a decent but not an excellent dolphin based browser, facebook app (w/facebook sync option), an MP3 player, voice recorder, wi-fi capability, downloadable games, email sync, etc., and, again, other samsung apps are available for download. It is bluetooth compatible, and has wifi (which works excellently - when I'm at home or somewhere with free wifi I have no problem using it so I don't use up any of my data plan, which, btw, the 3G data plan on straight talk for $30 is generous - one reviewer had a problem with the wifi but likely was not finding a close enough signal). It also has manageable widgets for your apps that you can place on your phone's home screen(s)... 3 home screens you can slide through, and customize each with whatever widgets you want for quick app access as well as a different wallpaper/photos for each home screen.One reviewer complained that it does not have a GPS option - there is a legal "hack" where you can get GPS on it by paying via a separate plan - you would have to do your own research. If GPS is a big thing for you and you're not a techie, this phone may not be for you. I have mapquest bookmarked on my browser as an alternative. It has very intuitive voice recognition app that has worked great for me, just as good as an iPhone, it is excellent for dialing in the car without actually dialing and then just using the speaker phone, for instance... however it will not type a text for you via voice (it will bring the create text screen up and address it, but won't type it by your voice, but, again, for 90 (28?) bucks it's awesome that it has the voice recognition features it has). It has a Micro SD card slot that can hold up to a 64 gig card (a very expensive card, however, the 32 gigs you can get for around $15, name brand Sandisk, if you shop around amazon - I have dozens of tv shows, and full length movies, and tons of pics and other docs and MUSIC as the phone can be used as an mp3 player and for viewing video) plus plenty of phone memory - It also has a SIM card you can save/backup contacts to. It takes photo and video and for only 2 mega pixel (I  think) it is very decent quality (If you plan on taking regular video you should definitely purchase a micro SD card of 8, 16, 32 or 64 GB size). There is no zoom or flash, but there are video and photo effects you can apply. You can watch video on it (I've put movies and TV shows on it using format factory (reformat files using mobile phone setting) and they play and look and sound perfect). You can also stream video via the browser which has Flash but it has some limitations... read on) It works great as an MP3 player in the car, through headphones, speakers, or even through the phones speaker which goes to a decent volume, and although the PC sync is limited (you can't sync your contacts or back them up via data cable, or some other sync options - however - you can do this through straight talk website), you can sync it to your PC via data cable to read and manage your SD card data. You can also use a data cable to use the MP3 player (or just use the line out/headphone jack), and to charge the phone.It has all the expected contact and phone personalization features you would expect from a normal phone, downloadable ringtones as well as the option to make any audio file (from the phone's audio recorder or MP3s on SD) a personalized or general ringtone, provided it is short enough (I've used Audacity to make my own snipets of songs and put them on the SD card for purpose of ringtone), it has a speakerphone and hands free of course as well as bluetooth as I mentioned, and all other contact personalizations (photo and ring personalization for each contact, customizable voice command for each contact, etc.) The phone charges INCREDIBLY quickly via the normal wall charger, and the charge lasts for a long time, even when you watch videos and use apps, browser, etc. (another user complained about battery life - I have had the exact opposite experience, and have had the phone for many months).A couple things about the browser - for not running Android or iPhone, its pretty decent. However, it only supports Flash on certain levels... regular sites are no problem, but you tube does not work from the phone's network, but will work via wi-fi (i.e. when you have wi-fi on and are picking up a home pc network for instance or at a coffee shop, McDonalds, school, etc.), and I was a bit disappointed when I found out it would not support Pandora... its a fairly simple program to run as it is just audio stream (I have not tried this via wifi). It is not compatible with the Pandora mobile app unfortunately either... oh well...The only other reasonable complaint about this phone, which is blown out of proportion by some other reviewers, is problems with the touch screen... It is not the most intuitive touch screen by any means... It is difficult to get used to at first and not as easy as others off the bat, but as with any phone, it merely takes some getting used to and you eventually use it as fast as any other phone. In many ways, for 100 bucks or less (now presumably only about 30), it rivals an Android, early iPhone, or basic smart phone... with a plan of 30 dollars a month for 1000 minutes, 1000 texts and 30mb of data time, it's unbeatable, and the unlimited plan is only $45. The Android for Straight Talk is much more money and you can only do the unlimited plan with the Android, and I am very happy with the $30 plan, so I chose this phone and am very very happy with it. Samsung I think, next to Nokia, makes the best quality phones out there. There is a similar model that is actually cheaper but has an actual flip out keyboard and a touch screen - I chose this phone, however, because it has a larger touch screen.One of the only apps I do miss is Skype - this phone has no skype option. For 100 bucks, I don't expect a flash on the camera. Speaking of the word "flash" the limited Flash capabilities are no big deal to me but might be to others that want youtube and other streaming video on their phone anywhere (many sites, however, like yahoo and other major sites will stream video on this phone just fine however)... As mentioned, I miss the pandora option, but it holds tons of music with an SD card. It does not support Drop Box app, which is no big deal since you can put whatever docs you want on it anyway. A zoom and flash would be nice but again for the price its unbeatable. To round up the negatives, again GPS is only available via a legal hack, and like I said before, but mapquest will work, and the PC sync options are limited, as is the voice recognition. In addition, there are a couple of settings that are not adjustable, such as alerts, e.g. you cannot turn off and on the beep alert when you receive a new text or voice message, except by putting the phone in full silent mode.Other than that, I feel like I got more than my money's worth. Like I said, its just a small step down from the Android, for me, anyway, and the features that you may miss are all in this paragraph, but, and not to be redundant, the value is great.

This phone has a lot of nice apps and features that comparable phones dont. But the overall quality of the phone is terrible. The touch is very insensitive and it doesn't understand where you're touching either. The phone itself is slow and gets stuck sometimes and its very ugly (personal preference). The phone costs too much for what you get.

Let me just start off by saying this phone uses at&t; for service.One thing i wish straight talk would tell ya on their phones is who the provider is that it uses, but atleast if you go to walmart.com and look there they offer the ability to find out if the phone will or will not work in a zip code.Just checked at walmart few weeks ago they are now offering this phone for around 30 bucks.

yea i  thought straight talk was suppose to work anywhere? But i guess i was wrong i would not recomend buying this phone!!!!!

If cell phones fit stereotypes, this phone would be blond. Really cute, but not very smart. The phone will not sync with a computer. It reboots in the middle of calls. It loses track of the date and time frequently. But it is really cute and kind of acts like a Droid or IPhone. This phone might be OK for my granddaughter but it is almost useless for a business person such as myself. Now I have to continue to use my old Palm smart phone to manage my contacts and calendar because my new [not very] smart phone can't sync with my computer. I'm back to where I was 5 years ago before I began using smart phones; two devices where one should suffice. Very disappointing; very poor software powering a phone that otherwise might be really great. And as far as I can tell, Samsung is unconcerned. If you need a functional smart phone, don't buy this one.

As for the product I can't say what it is like. I ordered this yesterday for the price $39+ plus 18.58 Shipping. and Just this Morning Essex Technology Group Cancelled MY ORDER after taking payment off. I contacted Amazon and they're kindly working with Me to get my payment back in full! I contacted Essex Technology Group to see if it was a possible chance it would be delivered by or before October 12 for My Godson's Birthday. (Didn't Mean I wanted it Cancelled if not) They're a immature company for doing so and I give them No stars. and insensitive rude behavior. But, I love Amazon!

There are other phones of similar prices that you can get from AT&T. First, Straight talk's website NEVER works, so trying to turn anything on or port your number is a nightmare. Second, the screen is not nearly sensitive enough; it always thinks you're touching something you didn't want to touch. And the screen is very small--my mother threatened to go office space on her phone with a hammer she hated it so much. The only redeeming quality in this piece of crap is the camera. It's actually a decent picture quality for a measly 2 megapixels.

I feel like I wasted my money on this phone. My texting use has gone way down now that I use this phone because it is so hard to text with it. It drops calls way more than my old phone, not sure if that is the straight talk service or this phone though. I think this phone is very difficult to use. At first I just thought it would take some time to get used to, but after 3 months I am still not used to nor do I like this phone. No GPS on this phone and very limited Apps. Don't waste your money..

i love my cellphone i watch vedio and listern to music it cool.; straighttalk cellpone are price for the money it great ; i try verizon care but i love the straighttalk cellpone; it cool

I bought two of these phones at Walmart, one for my husband and one for me. I'm good with the straight talk service and the apps on the phone work when the phone does. My problem with this phone is that it keeps shutting down. Sometimes it reboots and sometimes it just stays off. This happens several times a day and even when your trying to text or talking on the phone. Also when a phone call comes in the screen automatically unlocks and so you'll either accidentally hang up on the call you were having, turn on speakerphone or pocket answer.The phones were 80.00 when we purchased them, now they are around 28 and unless you are desperate for a phone I wouldn't waste your money.

My phone is fast, efficient, and just borderline epic, this phone is alot better then my old Straight Talk slide phone.

My son has this cell phone and really likes it but my main concern here is that I purchased this phone at Wal-Mart for less then 100.00 so I am not sure why the price is doubled on here?? You can also purchase it straight from the website.

I bought this phone yesterday at Wal-mart. The lady who helped me said "This is one of our hot items". I could see why. The activation process will make you seem like you messed it up. So when you put the phone card info on it be prepared when you turn it on it will say "activation required" then it will shut off and shut back on and say "activation complete". Unlike other phones you get three wallpaper screens but, there's a catch you can only change two of them. The primary is that beach scene(I would like to change it but I can't). On your wallpaper screen you will see a little grey tab on your left with a white arrow on it. When you tap that it will open a column that has all kinds of widgets such as Myspace,facbook,Birthday Notices,Web Browser(just to name a few). You can leave them in that column or you can drag them out and put them anywhere on your main screen(or the other two). I dragged a few out but it was getting crowded on the screen.(some of those tabs such as the google is huge)So I managed to put all of those widgets back in the column(it wasn't easy)I have left my screens clear. Iv'e noticed that this phone doesnt go Qwerty unless you turn it sideways it's touchscreen all the way. This phone is very light and fragile(i dropped it on my kitchen floor last night and the battery fell out)it's okay and it didn't get scratched either. I going to get a case soon. Let's move on to the texting. It's tricky vertical is sometimes easy to master,the qwerty however might need some practice and be sure to turn off that greenT9 button when using the qwerty because it will start typing your sentences for you(and it wont be what you were wanting to say). Overall this is a good phone(needs practice to master all of it's applications)I give it a THUMBS UP!!!

I recently purchased this phone through Straight Talk's website.  As a basic phone for calls and texting, it's a great phone.  The service that's "required" when purchasing online from Straight Talk, is for unlimited data, so with that you expect to be able to get online and do data stuff.  Afterall, you're paying for it.This is an older phone so it's not made for today's web; it's slow and hangs more than is acceptible. The phone is supplied with the Samsung Dolphin v1.5 browser, and the home page is the Trac-Phone account page, and if there's a way to change it, it's hidden and I surely can't find it.  I've yet to be able to find a video I can watch. Youtube videos are inaccessible. The virtual vertical and horizontal keyboards are extremely sensitive and so small it takes forever to type in anything, but it must be done with one finger, and that's only IF you can do it without hitting other keys. This is no exaggeration; it's not possible to type normally so  it's very frustrating.As far as Apps are concerned, it's true that Samsung only has a few basic types to download.  Straight Talk has several at $4.99 each through it's Trac-Phone homepage, however there are a few websites that cater to this phone and you can find game apps galore for free.  Type in "T528G Apps" into your browser and several links will show up. I didn't see any of the popular games listed and they didn't interest me, so I'm unsure if they're any good.  Productivity Apps are almost non-existent but I did find a few English to Spanish, etc. dictionaries.If you need a phone that can access videos, lots of Apps, and do web browsing, this phone is not the one to choose.Update:  Straighttalk.com recently had this phone for FREE on their website.  You don't usually see a "Pay As You Go" Phone Service giving out free phones, so this should tell you something.  ;)

Bought this phone at Walmart for $100.  As other reviewers said, within weeks of purchase (in September), it periodically would tell me it was December 31.  Touch screen is also very inaccurate and difficult to tap the correct letter.  And now the button to shut it off only works some of the time, otherwise I have to remove the battery to shut it down. (Also, as other reviewer said, it unlocks while in your purse, so you purse dial people without knowing it.)  It's JUNK!

I wanted an easy to use smart phone, this seemed to be the one, and it is, with all the options it has and ease of use, plus price its a good starter phone for those looking to upgrade without emptying their wallet

I guess I am quite discouraged about the touch screen especially with texting.  It is easy to keep hitting the wrong letters and more than once it has erased the whole message when I got it almost done.  It has frozen several times.  I thought it would be a lot easier to use.  When I have to use voicemail, you have to click the button on the side and try to get a pad to dial on and it is so frustrating to get this thing up in time to type in a password to get messages.

i got this phone about 2 month ago and it a good phone bt the mms is not working dosez anyone know how to fix it

WHY IS THIS PHONE 150 DOLLARS WHEN YOU CAN BUY THIS AT WALMART FOR 100? THIS SOUNDS LIKE A RIP OFF TO ME AND THIS PHONE ISNT EVEN THAT GREAT

Unbelievable frustration dealing with StraightTalk re Samsung T528G Smart Phone.  Tried to transfer number from a TracFone to the new phone (also TracFone organization).  People in India,Mexico,... wherever almost impossible to understand (and did not understand the transfer process (reading from scripts without comprehension)).  After about 12 hours on the telephone have successfully transferred number.  The process included a one hour wait listening to music (no one ever picked up), their sending a replacement SIM Card which had expired and did not work, sending another SIM card which eventually worked.  However phone still not ringing, battery maintains power for less than 2 hours, automatic email transfer impossible to turn off.  After 12 hours of interaction StraightTalk has concluded phone defective and sending a replacement.Why did I spend 12 hours trying to correct situation?  Not sure (stupid???). My previous Motorola TracFone worked flawlessly for 2 years, did not want to lose my ported number which I have had for 20 years, Consumer Reports gives StraightTalk high grades...  My experience was terrible.

This phone has been nothing but problems (one star is even generous).1. Started with a large broken text message that could not be deleted even if you restored to factory settings. (they sent me a new phone)2. The new phone SIM card failed within a month (lost text messaging ability, and lost the ability to access my address book/contact list). Tried  to restore to factory settings, it did not help.3. They sent me a new SIM card, it worked for half a day, then the battery unexpectedly died, I recharged it--then in a few hours of just sitting there, the battery died again.GARBAGE, TRASH, FILTH, RUBBISH!!!!!!!!!!Samsung should be ashamed of themselves and unless they recall these and give us our money back... they have officially lost a customer in me.

I just ordered this phone online because I thought this would be cheaper than any store well I was wrong, I went to my local Walmart and they have the same exact phone for $29.95 and I just paid $65.00.  I feel extremely taken advantage of.

Got it through Jimmy's Finds off of Amazon and it would not work . Contacted Jimmys Finds and they would not replace it. Bought a new battery and charger thinking that might be the problem nope think we got a display one cause it never worked and received no replacement and couldn't get our money back. Do not order from Jimmy's finds.

i bought this phone in store don't have any problems the 1 star reviews are saying. great phone only problem is typing with the keyboard it takes forever to text because its always registering you hit the letter next to it and the space bar is hard to hit but i manage. you get used to it. the widgets do move if u accidentally slide them but they aren't needed so if you have a problem don't use them. i love all the features of it great phone over all just not the BEST for texting.

I have two of these phones.....dropped the first one in the toilet after having it for a week and went back to purchase a second one. Both phones have a "glitch" that results in it powering off multiple times a day. It powers off randomly, so you never know if you have missed calls. I don't advise purchasing this model.

My husband and I choose to switch to straight talk from Verizon for the monthly price cut. It's taken over a week to port in our old numbers and neither have any service yet. We've spoken to representatives online, customer service and through the phone (which since we have four unworking phone: our phones from Verizon and our phones from straight talk which should be working... has been difficult.) We ordered through Straight Talk's web site and they apparently switched our sim cards or something along those lines according to the customer service rep. and my phone's sim card wasn't even registered with the company. They sent two new sim cards for the phones and had previously told which sim number would go to each phone number. The sim numbers are completely different from what we were told they would so not surprisingly they don't work. My husband's phone did begin to work when he spoke with the representative, however, it states he has no service minutes despite having put in the service pin for his plan when we originally started the activation process. So we now also have to pay two month worth of service simply to have any service for this month.Customer service has been unhelpful in all it's forms. Online we've only been told to call directly to speak to a representative making the online help unuseful and when making a complaint to costumer service, I simply received a canned response saying to call their direct line. I responded back that in having no useable phones that calling is difficult and inquired if there can be any help online. In short, the answer was no and that is exactly what everyone's answer should be to straight talk services.As for the phone, I can't say how it works since mine doesn't.

I ordered the phone for my daughter... Very nice phone, I love the size, but the phone does not work where we live so now I have to order another phone. I don't know if its the service Straight Talk or the phone itself!

I love this phone! Its the best phone that I've every had and I have been using it for THREE years. It's very durable which it really important for a klutz like me, I have dropped it many a time throughout the years. But it still works perfectly! I might have just stuck it out with this phone  for a little longer if not for the gray smears on my screen from Chinese food sauce (sauce leaked from container onto phone because it was in same bag and forgot to clean out inside/battery side of phone when I cleaned outside). Besides that self-inflicted injury my phone works beautifully. I don't really talk on the phone but when I get a call the ringer is loud and the voice quality is crystal. Text are good even though I would have liked a conversation layout. I also have no complains about the internet.The battery life is great,but then I mostly did web,text, and just the MP3 player. It as a pretty good memory for pictures and other data but I use my  MP3 player along with a 16 GB SD card I brought separately , now I got about 2000 songs.The only pet peeve about that is I was never able to get my cover art.The camera is not the best and it has no flash but it takes pretty good picture if outside or in well lite area. Also this phone is not really good on games or apps. I have been thinking about getting an Android for along time because of that (games and apps). But the Chinese food accident was the final pushed. However this is a great "starter" touch screen for kids,teenagers, or older people that don't need all that fancy stuff. Would definitely  recommend it.O I also got it new not refurbish, so I can't guarantee they will work like my new one.

I just purchased this phone from walmart and i must say, that im surprised at how well it functions..Before i added a plan to it, i tried the wi-fi out and it worked fantastically..The youtube only works if your wi-fi connection is good and the quality of the videos might not be up to par with the other touch screens, it's still decent..Im not a fan of the apps, but the ones that are available for the phone are limited if you go on the phone site, but there are other sites that you can go to in order to get more..I heard alot of ugly reveiws about the phone freezing and rebooting itself..As long as i had it, it hasn't froze once...Im thinking i got one of there tweeked phones. They probably got all of the bugs out of mine..But, on the safe side, it might be better to just purchase it from the walmart stores..That way if you don't like it, you can return it for a refund..Overall, I think this phone is really sturdy with good features and The calls are clear. The txt messages are something you have to get use to, but thats y they have styluses...Good priced phone and it is a whole lot better than my old flip phone..Any questions..Just holler

Can't access the voicemail. Doesn't have a keyboard for texting. Otherwise it's a pretty neat little phone. Still learning how to use it though.

I got this phone because I didn't want or need a "smart phone" but wanted something I could use with touch screen keyboard.  My biggest complaint about the phone is that it will frequently shut off without any reason.  I have had it for 2 months and have been trying to figure out what causes it, but it seems completely random.  The worst part is that it does not restart, it just shuts down.  So several times a day I will check my phone only to find it completely shut off.  It does this even if it is sitting out on my desk with nothing touching it, full battery...?I really wanted to like this phone because on paper it is such a great deal but I am really disappointed.  The touch screen keyboard is very frustrating to use compared to my Samsung Media Player 4.2.  The voice mail would not setup properly with this phone either.I would give straight talk 3.5 or 4 stars.

It didn't come with a manual on how to use it.  It freezes up constantly.  I can't hear people sometimes and they can't hear me.  There is no radio on it like there is on the cheaper phones.  It just sucks!  I wish I never bought it.

It freezes...Can't save anything until you buy an sd card....Can't delete the ringtones that is preloaded on it so when you play music player it plays those ringtones which is really irritating.  I like Straight Talk but the phones they make you buy are awful.  I'm surprised Samsung makes garbage this bad.

I bought this phone from walmarts wedsite and only paid $79.00 for it and i dont understand why its so expesive here but any way do not buy this phone it is the worse cell phone i have ever owned. The touch screen is glitchy, i absolutly hate texting on it u hit one letter and it gives me one the the opposite side of the screen. the battery is junk i acually have a new one coming in the mail soon so hopefully that helps. i would barely use my phone (example: i had a 2 minute conversation with my boyfriend, sent and recieved 5 text messages) it would be on the charger all night and it would be dead in 4 hours!!! Any of the other phones ive owned i could talk and text for three days most of the day before it would need charged. This phone is with out a doubt the WORSE phone i have ever wasted money on. DO NOT BUY IT.

the phone is great but i got it for my boyfriend he really likes it and it has everything he has wanted in a phone so all in all is a great phone

I gave this phone to my son and he really like everything he wanted is right in this cell phone

After a day of use we decided that the next paycheck we would go back to our BYOB phones. The goal was to be able to use Straight Talk's $30 a month plan, because they only allow BYOB to use the $45 plans.In conclusion this phone is very difficult to text with. It defaults to the old T9 text style and most human fingers are too large to press correct letters on the keyboard. It is impossible to avoid fat fingering on this phone. So basically I wasted money this past month instead of saving money. Stick with a BYOB phone and use the $45 unlimited plans and save yourself a hassle.

For this price don't expect much it does not run on the android OS. I bought this phone for my kid and for the price we are quite happy with it.

This phone is horrible. First, it's not user friendly. It's nearly impossible to listen to a voicemail because you have to have a password to access voicemail but it doesn't let you get to the keypad without jumping through hoops, and you're lucky you haven't lost the connection before you can put in your password. If you can get to the keyboard. When you make a call it arbitrarily goes to speakerphone, even when you try to disable that function. The balance information is stuck, so you don't know how many minutes you've used. I've had the phone for six months and I've yet to use the Internet function. I don't even want to try. I miss my $9.00 flip phone, which made and received calls quite nicely. This phone is demented. I do not recommend anyone buying it.

I have this phone and its great! It does everything i need it to do. Wi-fi works great and it downloads games good. It also has a good camra... And a nice selection of phone cases!

It was not what it looks like still waitng for my refund.starlene Taylor

I had one and they were ok that is why it got what it got it ok for a starter phone

Good phone but I can't get it to ring louder.

I bought this phone last August..  after two weeks of using it  turn off all by itself.. if you spend alot of time on Facebook and twitter its will turn off.. and you don't have any good apps. if i knew before i bought it i wouldn't!!!

I just got this phone from Straight Talk.  I have been reading a lot of reviews of how bad this phone is, but I must say this phone is a very simple touchscreen phone.  I have not had any trouble with it what so ever, the sound quality is good, I am on the AT&T; network, so I get good reception.  I have been reading that this phone sometimes automatically shuts off, I have not had that problem.There is one feature that will take some getting used to and that is the qwerty keyboard.  The keyboard is small and you tend to "fat-finger" the keys.  If this phone had a slide out qwerty keyboard I might have given it 5 stars.Phone is not for you if you are a heavy data user.

My daughter recently bought this phone when she changed from Verizon to StraightTalk. One reviewer said that it's more expensive on Amazon than at WMart.. I just experienced the opposite a few months ago when purchasing a new LG Rumor Touch for my Virgin account.  On Amazon.com it was nearly $30 less than on VMobile's website!I guess the bottom line is that you have to shop.  Period. Make yourself aware of prices and trends, then do your research and ask questions.

the phone offers good menu navigation and is very easy to use not confusing when you get on the internet and you dont have to go through tons of apps in the marketplace.

I was coming into buying this phone and service to replace my other crappy non smartphone. I really didnt think a phone could get worse than what i had. Wow! I was wrong this thing is a straight up piece of s*it. Dont even try to text youll spend more time correcting.. Everything about is it terrible. Even the service is junk, the phone keeps resetting and deactivating the sim. Have a new phone ordered with another company..

GREAT PHONE, FOR PRICE AND REFURBISHED IS GOOD FOR THOSE WHO DON'T WANT TO GET LOCKED INTO A CONTRACT. THIS IS MY SECOND ONE. MY DOG GOT HOLD OF FIRST ONE. SAW ANOTHER ON AMAZON AT GREAT PRICE M AND THIS SECOND ONE IS JUST AS GOOD.

This is an awful phone. Don't get me wrong--some features (like the 3G) are nice when compared to the Samsung R355C that I had, but I'm not sure they're worth the trouble. I've had internet and repeated texting problems--even after getting a new SIM card. The movable widgets get annoying because they move too much and sometimes freeze. Checking voicemail is difficult. The buttons for the touch keyboard are too small. Not a good phone if you want to make a quick call in the car--it's too difficult to navigate through the menus. The phone frequently reverts to December 31, 2010, making the alarms unreliable.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  I had it 16 days and it just died in the water.  I didn't drop it or get it wet or nothing.  I took it back to Walmart on the 16th day after I purchased it and they told me they couldn't give me a refund after 15 days from the purchase date of 2/10/12 and that I would have to get a hold of Samsung for a refund.  So I called Samsung today 3/28/12 and they told me to call Straight Talk.  So I called Straight Talk.  They told me I couldn't get a refund if I had the phone for longer than 30 days.  Well you can imagine my anger.  The majority of all electronics is 90 days.  So guess what?  I'm going to give bad reviews everywhere I can find to review their company and the phone.

I would recommend it to anyone, I love this phone has not giving me any problems.. Came quick & in excellent condition too.. Thank you.. &#34;Carol&#34;

She is very happy with it! Straight talk has great service! As a father of a teenager, I want to say thank you.

This was the phone he asked for his birthday and I got it. And he just love it. And i would get another one.
