
The phone was a gift for my wife she loves it it was delivered on time and perfect condition she still likes the keyboard so it works great for her thanks

I purchased the item in August. In September, 2 days after the warranty expired, the phone started opening apps on its own, and the screen started flashing on and off. I contacted the seller, and even though the phone was out of warranty, the seller went above and beyond, to make sure that I was a happy customer. I was very impressed with the seller, and I would definitely buy from them again!

it dont really hold much stuff on it and its kind of slow so if you like your apps i dont recomend this phone

Needed a replacement phone without paying the in store price.  The phone looked great and had a good price.  Delivered in a decent amount of time and was in very good physical condition when inspected.  Everything was great until 6 days later one of the keys fell off the keyboard.  Apparently I am not the only one who has had this issue.  It concerns me that this is an ongoing problem with the people who supply these rebuilds and they have done nothing to address it.I have asked about getting the phone fixed.  They required that I return the phone and then they will send a replacement OR repair the existing phone.  Which ever is the cheaper option for them.  Also you have not phone and no way to directly transfer data between the old phone and the newly received one.  In my humble opinion this is bad business but as long as they keep selling phones they will keep up the same practices.

it meat up 2 all my expations thanks i will b looking foward 2 shooping whith you again the phone works great i had no problem

Found out recently that the phone had been opened and tampered with before I got it, so, not surprising that that it's worthless now.

This phone is only 3 months old and is already broken!  DO NOT BUY ONE! If i could give it less than one star i would.

The phone didn't work as expected.Didn't hold a charge. On a full charge was able to get a max of about 30 minutes of use before it went dead again.The phone screen would shut off when the qwerty keyboard was slid out.Everything else seemed to work fine on the phone. I gave one star, because I don't feel that it was worth the price that I paid for it. It is now sitting on a shelf because no body wants to send a return slips in the mail anymore. Not everyone has a fancy computer with printer to print off a return label. Don't want to deal with it so it is just sitting there until I figure out what I want to do with it. If you're going to sell phones or any other electronic device it should be fully inspected and work as it says it will.

Used this as a secondary phone for my older son , he loves it , not to bulky and simple to use

I've had this phone for a little over a year and I hate it. When I first got it I was excited because it's a smart phone and whatnot, but it is one of the worst. The processor is horrible, the internal memory is horrible, the sliding design is horrible, and the camera is god awful. This phone has less than 1gb of internal storage, which you would think doesn't matter since you can use a micro SD card. Wrong. Many things such as Facebook, Twitter, Contact storage, and other things that came with the phone must remain on the phone and cannot be moved to the micro SD card. Not only things on the phone, but many apps also cannot be transferred. The music player falls extremely short of that of any Apple device, and I'm extremely disappointed with mine. It doesn't get loud enough, and there is no equalizer (EQ) setting. I am constantly bothered with an HTC loading screen anytime I go back to the home screen. This phone is slow, dull, and a waste of money.

Phone was pretty good. Haven't had a problem with it since I've had it. Can't beat it for the price I got it for.

The title pretty much sums up every thing.  The phone arrived in just about perfect condition, minor scratches, but not on the screen.  The only problem is the tge phone itself, it's a bit slow with some games and intensive apps. Other wise the phone works fine.

To say I was disappointed is an understatement.  I was estatic to receive the item on time, but after 2 minutes of playing with it I was disgusted.The phone has a delay, the screen goes the opposite way than it is positioned.  The calls drop from me placing the phone to my ear.  The phone does not charge with the charger provided.

Paid for one of the more expenseive ones so I didnt get a messed up phone but I kinda did -.- part of the top screen doesn't react to touch so it will be annoying now and then other than that great phone it's not slow pictures are nice and clear also love the key bored

I received the phone within a week. It was packaged well when I received it by the seller. It came with the phone and the (home) charger.I was kind of expecting the phone guide book and memory card but since it's used I didn't mind. The phone is brand new and in excellent condition. It's performance is awesome. It's fast and very easy to use if you're use to the Android system. The sliding mechanism is kind of hard to use to get to the keyboard but I figured after many times of sliding the keyboard out it will begin to loosen a little. Overall this was a very great experience and I would recommend this seller and phone to anyone.

great phone, love everything about it. i would love to buy a brand new one but i already brought this use phone

This is the second of these phones I have bought, and one would think I would have learned the first time around, but one would be wrong.  The screen flips out and acts all crazy and locks up all the time.  When in text mode this phone will auto dial the person you are texting and will hide the call so you do not realize you have made a call.  I don't know which is a worse phone this Shift or the Samsung Rumor Touch. If this phone worked properly it would probably be the best phone ever, but it is an absolute dud and waste of money. Thank the Lord this was bought only to get me to a upgrade date.  HTC did a superb job with the EVO 4G, but this Shift gave them a black eye.

The battery dies so fast!! waste of my money.  Should have just kept my old phone. big big disappointment. Don't order thisi.

It was a fairly Nice phone. The keyboard wouldn't stay up, buy overall it was pretty nice. It also shipped on tine.

I bought this phone to use with the Ting.com service.  The phone was easy to set up and start using.  Works beautifully.  Since it is not one of the newer large screen phones, the slide out keyboard makes text entry very easy and leaves the entire screen for viewing.  The Gorilla Glass screen seems indestructible.

I was happy with the purchase although the charger it came with didnt work. But it was fine since my old phone had the same charger..

I love this phone.. Its my first smart phone and I bought it for a great price and everything works great on it...

This arrived fast I must say but is unusable.  Uncertain if it is defective but when i tried to activate it, sprint told me the phone had been reported lost or stolen so because of this the phone is useless to me or anyone who buys it.  I get to be bummed as I really wanted this phone and I get to ship it back and go through the return process.  oh joy.

I brought this phone for my mom on Christmas. It is taking her some time to get used to considering she is old school but she likes it.

exactly as expected, though the shipping was a little slow. would highly recommend seller for people that are paying too much for stupid things like cellphone insurance. :)

Good for uses between your nice phones. It just can't handle modern day technology! Good for kids too if they need one

Battery was shot, browser glitches out never fully loads a page. Internal memory is crap never keeps my place on anything. Won't accept messages or phone calls randomly. It's not a network issue it's the phone I've checked. Tiny screen. My regular first generation Evo was head and shoulders above this thing.

The phone was it tip top condition, just a tiny scratch on the back on my phone, price was 70$ so that wasn't so bad I guess, packaging was good along with good shipping speed, was disappointed it did not used SIM card but I guess I should have looked that up on my own before buying thus I will not take off a star, today was my first day using this phone and so far it has been working properly. so its been 2 days since it arrived, and I just activated it, took a bit but hey it worked! I did have to take off one start but only on the phone itself because it says "loading" just about all the time.

i hate this phone.. had nun but problems.. cud nt activate.. was told esn didnt exsist and was rooted.. and the phone was in horrible shape.. tap and scratches everywhere

phone was more then i expect and i love it. Even better was the price im in love with this phone. I would definitly reccomend this phone

This product works good. Used mainly for music and internet access. The processor isn't fast but it works for what I use it for.

the phone itself works ok im not unhappy with the vendor I received it from, but the phone itself isn't all that great. The battery dies often and takes a while to charge. It takes a while to load things sometimes. All in all its an ok phone to get me through until my upgrade but I would never purchase it to use for a long period of time.

I was very disappointed with this product.  It did not work.  Although I was refunded, I was treated rudely and the service was horrible.  I am very skeptical about ordering anything else.  This is the second incident I have had.  The first one was handled very professional but TopCellStuff was very rude to me even sent me an email to tell me to remove my comments about the product.

The phone was in poor shape. Loose with the keyboard. And the battery is terrible. I have to have it plugged in all day or else the battery dies. I won't buy another electronic from amazon again.

the most asome phone i ever had i loved every thing about it you can download songs an make them ring tones and the fact i never had one drop call like i did on the samsung phones the battey life is what is execpet of an android phone it on the havey side with i like an very durable too

When I took the phone to sprint they could not turn it on because it had  been reported lost or stolen. Total waste!

Great Phone a little wear and tear but not a major issue phone works great and I use it everyday,

The phone I got screen went out after about a week and lots of other problems with it after paying $238 then sent me another one that still doesn't work right

This phone has no memory capability. I constantly have to delete apps when the system gets full. Also, the processor is too slow and it takes forever to do anything.

I've had this phone almost a year now, and for the most part, I really like it. The only reason I got a smartphone is because there were only 2 crappy junk plastic phones in the store at the time that didn't require a data package so I figured I would rather have a quality phone that did more than I needed it to. I don't use much internet or apps or whatever- I basically talk and text.  This was also my first touchscreen, so I was thrilled to have the slide out keyboard in case I couldn't get used to texting on a touchscreen- I did eventually but it was nice to have the option during transition.This is a great phone, it probably does a lot more than I'm even aware of.  The camera is great, the screen crisp and clear (my pet peeve is when you can see the little pixel dots on a screen), and call quality is excellent.My cons are obviously battery-  I charge it every night and I know thats to be expected of a smartphone, but good grief, I really don't use it much; and also the hinge on the slider is getting looser by the day.  I'm seriously concerned it is going to break apart any day, and I still have 14 months to go on contract. There is a noticeable gap between the top and bottom halves when its sitting and even when using it closed, it starts to slide open a bit.  Is this normal? My next phone will definitely not be a slider...

I purchased this phone used.  It was suppose to be rebuilt and in good working order. However, when it arrived the keyboard was very loose and wobbly and the light for the keyboard flickered and would not stay on.The return service was excellent - my account was credited in a very timely manner.

Product not in good condition the screen is all scratched up and hard to press letters on keyboard will never buy from this seller again

I have had this phone for under a month and the touch screen has frozen several times, parts have fallen off and often time the phone does whatever it wants without me touching it. i am not satisfied in the least.

I received the item during the scheduled time frame but, the wrong battery was sent. We are still working on a resolution concerning the battery. The item itself is in good working condition at this point.

All I can say about this phone is "loading". Which is what it does best. I dont think a phone like this should be allowed access on the android market. Any type of app you add to it will result in "loading". I am by no means a follower of apple but they understand how to make hardware and software work together without any hitchs. Instead of these cell phone manaufactures rushing to push out products, they should focus on getting all of the bugs out.

like it. Buy another one for my husband.

this phone can not be turned on at sprint because it is registered to another person whose phone was disconnected for not paying there bill.  This is just a waste of time and money

When i got the phone, it looked and worked fine. In three months, it broke. i got black screen out of nowhere whenever i shift the keyboard. I wouldn't recommend this phone.....

Just after warranty (to return) ran out, the phone mic stopped working. Have to send in to Sprint. Not cool.....

This phone is an excellent phone. However, it's only for Sprint customers . The phone bill is $100.00 a month and it does NOT come with a sim card.

Love the phone.  Can get directions cause I'm a truck driver.  Get directions to the front door of where I'm going.  The only draw back for is I can't watch movies on Netflix.

Phone reception is crystal clear with an address book that links contacts who have commonalities. It is compact with a big screen. New messages and emails are easily accessible. The keyboard lights up and is easy to use with keys that are sufficiently separated to make typing fool-proof if you don't like using the on-screen keyboard. You can save special websites easily with bookmarks.

My so shattered his last phone and needed another.  I was skeptical about buying a used phone but when I received this phone it was like brand new.  Worked perfectly.  Only problem is we cannot manage to get wifi on it but I will take to a sprint store to get that corrected.  Great phone for a great price!!

i love the phone but i can't use the keyboard because it is defective. i will have to order another one to replace this one.

When i recieved the phone is was not in yhe codition it said to be in a cracked screen it qas vert hard to turn on and the touch screen didnt work i was very un saticfies

By far the worst thing about this phone is the memory situation. Onboard memory is limited to 512 megabytes, and some apps are only allowed to be stored on the phone's shallow memory. After enough time, you won't have any space to hold new apps or update existing ones. You can put an extra microSD card in it, but some of the biggest space-wasting apps can't be moved onto a card.The slide out keyboard is nice, and functionally, the phone is just as nice as any other EVO.

This is my 3rd smart phone. Best one so far. its easy to use, has a lot of stuff to use. still learning the phone. so far I like what I see.

The phone works.looks.feels great but when i was looking at it closer I notice that the battery show signs of water damage now i dont know if its the battery it self or the phone with it and all they did was just resetted the software when the phone came back on I guess i well see  but its a great phone just be careful what company you buy it from Anything else I well let you guys and women know thank you and best wishes

Within a year I went through not 1 BUT 3 HTC Evo Shift phones.  I felt like I lived at the Customer Repair center inside Sprint stores.  I felt like a constant complainer because there was something always wrong with it.  I can't imagine how such a terrible piece of equipment is still on the market.I had issues with the screen, signal, my phone would reset itself and this was with 3 different phones.  Yet they always told me I had network issues in my area and we had 5 sprint phones and my phone was the ONLY one with a problem.Buyer Beware you will regret wasting any money on this product.

I absolutely love this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Got it WAY before estimated shipping time, and it was refurbished. It looks great, works great, and i am just all around happy with this purchase. To those of you out there scared of the new smart phones out there nowadays (mostly due to the fact that the keyboards barely exist anymore), These are perfect, easy to use, and easy to understand. And not to sound like some random drone trying to sell this, but seriously.. buy it.. now, don't look anywhere else just buy this phone.

Came nicely wrapped and with a charger. Was used (which I was aware of) and a little scratched. Needed to do a master reset but the phone works like new. I will come back to this seller if I need another phone. Fast shipping. I am happy with the product :D

Just received product today and when my husband and I tried to activate it on our Sprint account we were told the phone is already active under a different delinquent account and until the other account is paid off they will not remove the device. When I called Amazon to let them know the issue the customer service representative was rude and didn't try to help me at all. Needless to say, I will not be replacing the item with Amazon. Boo, Amazon... I'm disappointed...

It's the best phone I had in a long time it's work Great and I love it thank u again

This is the second HTC EVO Shift 4G that I have owned. In my opinion it is the best phone HTC has to offer. You get the convenience of a touch screen, but for those who like a querty keyboard it also provides that. Keep up the good work HTC.

I purchased the Evo Shift 4G as an alternative to my failing Evo 4G, thinking the additonal keyboard would be a great option since I have difficulty texting on the touchscreen. Congrats to the seller as I received the phone in great time with no damage. However, the phone itself is a poor choice for anyone who needs constant coverage. Apparently the radion on this phone will cause you to lose service when dialing and throw you into roaming. However, the interenet and messaging features work without any problems. I have now done some research on the Evo Shift 4G and have found this is a common issue in this phone model. I tried various options to get the phone to work more reliably, but have ultimately given up and have now purchased a replacement Evo 4G (Amazon) and am ecstatic to be back to my old phone.

This particular phone that I purchased online and received yesterday via ups was a flop. I took it into the Sprint store and went to activate it only to find out that it was stolen. This purchase was made of the recommendation of a friend. This is the first and last time I will use amazon to purchase anything.

I ordered this used phone, which was listed as used cell, with minor scratches.  Well the phone is not shinny like a new phone, but there was nothing wrong with it and did not see any scratches.I am very happy with the device, I used it for 3 weeks and absolutely no issues.  It's easy to use, you can sync it to your PC and the navigation software works wonderful..

I've deliberately waited to write a review, to make sure I wasn't just seeing this through rose colored glasses. After a little over a month, I still love this phone! It has proven to have great sound for phone calls, a nice solid feel to the physical keyboard, and enough memory to handle most of what I need to do without bogging down. The battery lasts a day and a half, which doesn't compare to a basic phone, but is not too shabby for a smart phone using a standard life battery.  It may be a generation or two old, but I would highly recommend this to any first time Smart phone purchasers, those who prefer a physical keyboard, or anyone who wants a solid phone and is shopping on a budget.

This phone broke within a week after I received it. It was not in a good condition. The screen was loose, there were scratches and dents all over the phone. Would not recommend at all.

I love this phone. Great product, I love this phone I would recommend this phone to others and would buy it again if I got the chance!

Poor quality broke immediately. I am very upset with how this turned out for the money i paid for it

The phone was in excellent used condition except that I did need a new battery. That was a minor inconvenience for the price paid. I bought the phone for my husband as it is an easy smart phone to use.

When I got it the phone looked to be in good condition, but did not come with an SD card. It worked fine for about two weeks. Then one day my phone died and would not turn back on or charge. I brought it into Sprint, and they could not fix it and just said that the phone all together crapped out. I am not to satisfied with spending $50 for the phone to last two weeks.

This is hands down the best phone that I have ever had (and I have had A LOT), even better than the iPhone. I love the Android system, it is so much more user friendly that Apple iOS.The Shift is a compact phone, not as big as it's sister Evo models, but great things come in smaller packages. The slide out QWERTY keyboard is a great feature, you do not see them on many Smartphones. I cannot type on the touchscreen, so this got me really excited.The processor is FAST. Not once has this phone frozen on me, the programs start up quickly, and don't use a huge amount of memory.Netflix streams beautifully, no pauses or buffering, just straight HD streaming.The screen is bright and beautifully clear.I have had no issues at all with call clarity, dropped calls, or anything.I think the only thing that is a con about this phone is that like all smartphones, battery life leaves something to be desired, but that is common for all phones these days.I love this phone, and would highly recommend to anyone.

Wasn't impressed with the phone it came in good condition but the letters on the back that say htc fell off. And the phone was not completely functional and a lot of trouble with the phone. I had it for four days and got rid of it.

thank you for having this fone available I truly enjoy the features on this fone thanks once again your friend

The Evo Shift 4G is an excellent choice for an smartphone with a physical keyboard.  The device is solidly constructed and all keys and capacitive buttons are weighted well.  After using the phone for several weeks, there are only three things I would complain about, and all are fairly minor.1) The HTC Sense software moves around the options from where they would be on a vanilla Android phone.  If you would switch to an HTC from another manufacturer, this can be confusing initially2) All of the default alarms, ringtones, and sounds are horribly annoying.  It is not difficult to change them by plugging the phone into a computer, but it takes a tiny bit of technical prowess.3) The sliding hinge has a tendency to twist a few degrees as you slide it out.  The mechanism is very solid overall, but this looseness is disconcerting.Overall, this is a great phone and I recommend it highly!

The phone was in good condition. However i had a huge problem with charging it. I ended up spending more money on extra batteries and an external charger to make sure my phone stayed charged because the charging port did not work. Wish i could get another one.

This was exactly what I was looking for. The phone works perfectly! I will continously buy referbusied to keep the cost down.

I've had this phone for almost 2 years, and frankly, I love almost everything about it. I rooted and flashed cyanogenmod, so my OS is not stock, but beyond the crap software this comes with, and the quite difficult time I had rooting it, it's a wonderful device.I gave it only 4 stars because there's a known issue with the ribbon cable connection, which I'm currently having major issues with (I bought a replacement digitizer to fix the problem, which I'm still waiting on) but considering how long I've had the device, one small issue is not big deal, really.The bloatware it comes pre-loaded with, as well as the OS that comes stock being one that is completely locked down, is a major negative in my view, but it CAN be rooted with enough persistence, so it's totally worth it.I have yet to have any major issues other then the ribbon cable thing, which is super easy to fix.One other thing I dislike about it is that it is CMDA only, and thus locked to sprint - you will never be able to take this phone to a different carrier, no matter how hard you try to make it work (trust me, I spent weeks doing just that... I hate sprint with a passion..)The QWERTY keyboard is wonderful, I've never had any problems with it's functionality, and I love the tactile feedback. The fact that it's a bit difficult to slide in and out is a plus for me, since my old phone snapped into place, and a piece ended up breaking.I have dropped this phone numerous times, and my water stickers show moisture damage, but still no problems with functionality (again, other then the well-known ribbon cable issue, which is a wear issue, rather then a damage issue) screen has not cracked or chipped, case tends to fly off spilling the guts of the phone about, but that's a small price to pay, IMHO, for abusing my device.I'd recommend it if not for the carrier limitations and relative difficulty getting rid of the bloatware for the average consumer

The Phone does its purchase but it looks old and very used!! I needed a phone fast as it was for my son. Will he be using it long probably not. Just wish that they would has said the phone was very worn out

I am so happy with this phone. I had been stuck with the same stupid phone for a year and this one is soooooo much better.

This phone is 4G and runs off the Sprint network. Just go to your local Sprint store and have them activate it! I got this for my girlfriend as a replacement phone until her contract runs out. She likes it and it's great for texting, calling, facebook, and other basic stuff, but don't expect to be playing many games and resource-heavy applications.It runs an older version of Android, but you still get most of the stuff that modern Android has to offer. The UI leaves something to be desired and is a bit laggy. If you can, I suggest rooting and putting a custom rom on it.As for the keyboard, it took some getting used to since she has been so used to touchscreen keyboards, but it has worked great and is a nice fit.Docked two stars for the laggy and ugly UI, as well as weak system specs, but you can't complain much for what it's priced for!

This phone was sold to me as &#34;new&#34; however the corner of the phone look as though it had been dropped several times.  THAT SAID, the phone works like new and I am very pleased with it so far.

this phone worked great when I first got it, for the first few days I didn't have any issues but about 4-5 days in it started to dramatically slow down.. it would freeze a lot. but otherwise I really liked the features and navigation of this phone, very easy to use

Arrived in great time but I've had problems with the phone. At first it didn't work then it worked and then stopped working all together.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned!  I purchased a larger battery just to make it through the day.  Still dies late in the afternoon.  Keeps "loading" after exiting an app.  Also, there is no more memory after loading just a couple of apps on the phone.  I would rather have a flip phone than this piece of junk.  Really...  Horrible...  Awful...  Don't even consider this phone.... you will regret it.. Trust me......

the charger was no good it was heating up and the battery doesn't last longI had a few scratches on it and  need it a  microchip for pictures not enough internal memory

I've had my EVO Shift 4g phone for about 3 years now and have not had one problem ever. It is like having a mini laptop in my pocket. Any kind of video (including live streaming) plays smooth as can be. The best thing is that it is so easy to use, compared to my friends iphone. It is fast, as fast as you can click. E-mail is easy and you can have several different accounts. And of course it is compatable with any kind of app you can think of. So there's my 2 cents

This phone was the worst thing i have bought online and i will never use amazon again. This phone doesnt even work the screen is always black i cant use the phone and the charger i got with the phone doesnt work either this sellerc needs to not be allowed to sell things if they dont function properly

returned it because the battery life was less than 8 hours even with running almost no apps and it had freezing problems

i thought i would use the keyboard but ended up that  i did not need the keyboard. My old habit is to use the screen.The keyboard made the phone unstable because it moved while i  used the phone.

I received the Sprint HTC Evo Shift 4g Smart Phone in pretty good condition as it was a used phone. It came with a battery and charger which was not expected as it was not stated on the purchase invoice. I was able to connect it to the Sprint network without a problem. The delivery was a couple days late but it was the holiday season so it was expected. I contacted the seller and they responded within 24 hours and emailed me the tracking number. Happy Customer and I will purchase from them in the future!!

First of all, 512MB of internal memory for a smart phone? Why even bother? You'll find yourself CONSTANTLY clearing caches for all of your apps, lest you dip below the 50MB threshold where your phone basically ceases all normal data functions. It is truly awful.Second, the camera quality on this thing is abysmal. Grainy and distorted as you'll see in any smartphone of this generation.I bought my HTC Shift two years ago and the original phone began experiencing major issues with a week left on its warranty. The phone would suddenly cut off and would not power back on no matter how much I tried to run it through the power cycling rigmarole. Thankfully, I was able to get it replaced under warranty. The replacement phone worked okay for about nine months before the exact same thing began occurring. In short, this phone is a dud and you are advised to stay away.

The phone will not fully charge the battery when plugged in and then drains really fast. I purchased a new battery thinking it was a battery problem but the new battery charges even less than the original.

I love the phone. So glad I bought a used phone instead of renewing my contract for another 2 years. This is my first Android phone. I like the features and the key board.

I received my phone in less than a week so that was great, but it did not include a memory card and since it is an old phone it is hard to find one for it. I can not take pictures due to the lack of memory card also I have problems charging it at times meaning sometimes it charges right away and sometimes it does not. It also swings open at times this may be due to age and wear and tare from previous owner (i wish they would have mentioned this as well as not memory card included). I would never purchase this phone again.

Has some glitches....but hey what can I say....you get what you pay for. Maybe its just this style with the keyboard

Ordered ph to replace the one I dropped & broke. It works to my expectations & required me not to have to buy addt'l accessories

Condition say new but the phone was used. The Manual is not specific for the phone but a general guide for all HTC phone. When we activated the phone with Sprint, they gave me the code to check the phone is new or refurbished. The phone was used, it gave me the data already used on the phone along with the minutes used priveously. I expected a new phone but seller sent us a old used phone

Slider phone - would not stay open from day one, always slid shut.  After about a month it wouldn't connect to 4G anymore, only to our wifi in the house.  Didn't care too much, as the phone is for a 13 yr old, but now the screen is flashing and rolling.  Very disappointed, it wasn't that cheap.

My dad had a Palm Pre. Needed an upgrade but didnt have an upgrade available with Sprint yet. Bought this outright! Great!

the phone had lots of good features.  it just keeps turning itself off so you miss calls.  but it was a used phone

KEEP YOUR MONEY!! VERY Bad choice for a phone!! Doesn't operate nearly as well as an android phone should. My mom can't even use it half the time because it freezes so much and all the games & apps she had downloaded suddenly disappeared when the phone &#34;updated&#34; if that's what you wanna call it!! Definitely want and need a refund on this. Total ripoff!!

works great love it. only problem was charger didnt work.other than that i have no complaints.works great few scrathches but works just fine

This is the second phone I purchased from increased mobility and its great like the first one. First phone I got from was a plain texting phone and the screen cracked (which was my own fault). first phone shipped fast and they reached out to me and said to contact them with any issues. With this phone same service, and no problems with shipping or activating, i had a problem with the headset volume which i turned on the hearing aid function and it fixed the problem. Increased Mobility I would defiantly recommend when getting a replacement phone to get by until your upgrade, I've done it 2 times and they were the best both times, will defiantly defiantly buy from them again.

I have purchased 2 phones from Amazon and Sprint rejected both of them.  The phones were fine except the first phone was named like a sprint phone but was an AT&T; phone.  The second phone was exactly like the phone I already own but I was told it was previously used as a pay as you go phone.In the back of the phone there is suppose to be a MEID HEX/DEC or SN number.  The second phone did not have either one thus Sprint refused to take it.  My contract is almost up with Sprint. Is there anyway to find out if the phone have the number listed before I purchase the phone? I don't want the numbers, but I need to know if the numbers are listed.HELP please.Ms. Rita

the phone is great and work verygoodthe shipped not arrived in time. ( 1 week more of the acordate)I think you should work a little more to give better quality of service,but is sufficient.To buy refurbished at least one is waiting user manual and charger. I bought 4 phones refurbished in amazon and this is the first thing that comes without a manual or charger.thanks.

I love this Phone!it allows me to get any app i want, the camera and flash are awesome.and the touch screen and key pad work great!the only problem is is that is has a minor glitch.i had it for like 6 months and the screen doesnt allow me to touch some things or it touches things on its own. but this problem comes and goes.i never did this when i got the phone but maybe i dropped it or something, i don't know.if it didnt have that problem this phone would 100% the best phone ever!

product came in much better condition than expected, also arrived pretty fast. Also came with charger and battery which was great as well. no complaints!

This was a replacement phone for granddaughter she wad very pleased with. Wad very pleased with service and promtn prompt response in this matter on making everything good

Horrible.  Have had the phone for a month and it is broken. Very disappointed in my purchase and should get an exchange or a refund.

Since I've gotten the phone it seems to die all the time. And the port where you plug in the phone to charge it doesn't work, no matter what charger I use I have to wiggle it or put it on an angle.

Very prompt service with good quality product sent on time.  I wanted to replace a similar product that died, I did not want to sign a two year contract immediately, so I choose to get this phone as a replacement.

I've had this a couple of months, and love the tactile keyboard with wide screen. It's not a state-of-the-art Android, but it's great for my needs - mostly voice and occasional texting.I have an Otter Box to protect it, which is a tight fit, but hard to get off.The slide takes a little effort, but it's new and not a problem. I read and heard complaints of the slide having problems being loose. I sent two used ones back for that reason. I take very good care of my things, and thus believe this will last for as long as I need it. DEFINITELY buy a NEW one.I don't need the powerhouse stuff, so a shortage of memory isn't an issue.Con: Battery life isn't very good, but I only use it about 30-60 minutes a day, so it lasts for 2-3 days between charges.I'm testing it for another month before deciding if I want to get a second one for my wife.

these guys sold me a stolen phone, i tried activating it at the sprint store the store manager said that this phone was stolen and that i could never synchronize it to my phone number

Not at all what i expected. The shift is not nearly as good as the EVO 4G. I'm switching back.

i have problems with this phone, i have had problems with sprint but this phone freezes and sometimes just does not work!

This phone stopped working with in 5 days..........REALLY!! This is horrible i took good care of it and the touch screen is unresponsive how do i deal with this?

From sprint this phone is garbage. sprint software is junk, phone is underclocked for its cpu. After rooting it and installing a good rom and over clocking it, it was awesome. I used mine over 1 yr clocked at 150%. never had an issue. Only upgraded to get away from sprint and contract phones.

Yes, it's an older phone but one of the few good slide out phones out there. I was never able to achieve the same amount of typing accuracy on a touchscreen vs a physical keyboard, so I got this phone. Very happy EXCEPT for the call quality.  The (receiving) voice quality is awful.  Previous phone was a LG Optimus S, which made receiving calls sound like heaven compared to this phone, voice sounds so tinny and monotonal.Recommend for all except those who make a lot of phone calls.

It glitches ALOT! Maybe because it was used but i was diappointed. very very very very diappointed. You must have alot of patience for this phone.

The phone came in good condition and it has great features.  However, I needed a at&t phone so I could talk on the subway in Philly.  H2O or Net10

Over heated and a lot of the keyboard parts did not work. Do not recommend getting it, waste of money

What a great phone! Bought it used and would never have guessed. Really like the keyboard feature, which is why I wanted this device. Size is ideal as it still fits in bag and purse pockets, as opposed to some of the newer larger phones. No issues with battery life. I have only needed to recharge once during the day in the past month. Wifi is a plus. Camera is much better than last phone. Would highly recommend!

not disclosed that the phone had a faulty charging port and broken sd card holder...otherwise i guess the phone would work as supposed were not for these issues

I have had my EVO Shift for a 1.5 years now. It is a great little phone. A workhorse. Running on Android 2.3 with HTC Sense 2.1. I love being able to use the both the touchscreen and the slideout keyboard. I really like that I can listen to stereo sound from various podcasts and I can also listen to broadcast radio. The Android apps available are great.Problems:1. When I have had the phone on for a few days and have used a lot of apps, HTC Sense starts to bog down, so that the home screen takes a long time to come up. I have resolved this problem by restarting the phone on a daily basis before I go to sleep at night. Use the largest memory card you supported (8mb) if you load music or video, you will need it.2. As with many electronic music/sound devices the headset jack has given out on me. I am going to try a bluetooth stereo headset.3. Sprint annoyingly insists on pre-installing several apps that I never use, so precious phone memory is used by not having the option to uninstall those apps. But that is not Android's or HTC's fault.My only big wish is that HTC would make another slideout keyboard phone for the newer versions of the Android operating system.

So I really did like this phone up until quite recently. I got mine brand new and was happy with it. A few things, the camera NEEDS to be improved, I shake and this causes it to take blurry pictures, also and possibly the worst is the fact that if you use your phone enough it begins to wear on the back where it slides apart. Recently it began making a high pitched screeching noise, one that sounds very, very similar to nails on a chalkboard, its driving me insane. And I've only had this phone for less then a year, meaning I still have a year to go with this screeching and nonstop loading, sucky apps, small storage. I can't wait until I can upgrade.

Got the phone as a replacement for my boyfriend, he hasn't made any complaints on it but, it was a little rough more like a used phone then a refurbished one.

The phone was fine but the battery had water damage and then got sent another on with water damage.  So it never holds a charge.

I ordered this phone once from a different seller and it was great, my son tossed it into the tub so I bought the phone again but from a different seller(this seller). I got the phone in great time and it was in great shaped until I turned it on. The touch screen on the phone did not even work. I contacted the seller and they responded asking me to send it back. This all happened in October of 2012. I sent it back in November. It is now almost March of 2013 and now they will not respond to my emails anymore and I am out 100 dollars because they wont give me a refund, but now they have the phone too. Never ever again.

I purchased an htc evo shift on 06/21/2012 the device was delivered on 06/23/12. The device reached in a timely manner(as I chose 1 day shipping) The device was recieved in PERFECT condition, the review said prev used but there were no signs of use. I was skepticle about ordering a device online, I liked the face that the seller listed the ESN so I was able to verify the esn (using my sources) before I actually purchased. I activated the device today and so far so good. Whenever I purchased devices online I will always look for this seller. Thanks alot! I orderd the device for my fiance's birthday and he loves it! Now I am going to look into buying me a new device from this seller. Thanks for making this a wonderful experience for me, I just thought I'd share because I usually don't write reviews.

Phone was good for the first week but then started running out of ram so it would constantly restart also has very little memory.  But is a decent phone if all you Want to use it for is a regular phone aka call and text that's it.

It's great! I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this phone. It's quick and Im able to access all the apps I want

I got the Evo Shift quickly and everything worked great. The phone looks barely used. The only problem is it is difficult to charge. I have tried multiple chargers and I have to position it just right to get it to charge. I can't use the phone while it charges or it won't charge. Other than that it works well and looks good.

Very surprised, I was really hesitant in regards to buying a cell from here considering all the horror stories I've been reading about. upon arrival I was very suspect but to my surprise the phone was spanking new, everything worked as intended. no glitches or anything.

My husband bought this phone as a replacement for his broken one. We thought it was going to work the same as the old one but this was pretty much a gem, It works faster and smoother than his Samsung Transform and so far no problems yet even though it is a used phone. I am glad to say that my husband loves his phone! :)

I have had ZERO luck with smartphones and when my Transform bit the dust 5 months before I could get an upgrade, I took the advice of many and began my search on sites such as this for used/refurbished phones. I got this one refurbed and the first thing that stood out to me was how lose the slider is on it. When I would go to text, the top part of the phone would slide down. Then various places on the touch screen quit working. It was also slow and bogged down quickly if I added any apps, since SO MANY come included on the phone and can't be deleted. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone...it served it's purpose somewhat until I could get a better phone...but it wasn't a very good phone.

i got this phone for my son for christmas to replace his iphone 4 and this evo has to be the worst phone ever if you are going to buy a phone buy the epic 4g very nice phone!

it turns off out of no where, when going from one app to another its loading is very slow cant do anything at an efficient speed upset i bought it.

This is a type of phone I have owned before, works great looks nice except a few scratches on the screen.It shipped fast and got here in a decent amount of time. The price and the condition of the product was fair. Great temp phone until I get my new phone for my contract.If you want to take great pictures this phone is not for you, the camera is a decent camera for pictures that you don't really care how they come out. If the subject moves to fast after a picture is taken the picture will blur. The battery life is what you would expect from a smart phone. It lasts me with use from about 9pm - 7am

I got the phone and it was like brand new and it was sealed and wrapped well to protect it.  I have yet to activate it but Im sure ill like it when I do.  Im very satisfied with my purchase.

I love the phone, its great and easy going. However, the phone was in terrible condition. It wasn't holding a charge, wasn't working and the touch screen would not work at all on the charger or 95% of the time off. The other part the sliding part if the phone was super loose and needing with the phone... I finally had to take the phone to a Sprint tech store to figure out whet the problem was and was told the phone I had gotten was short circuiting and defected... I'm not at all happy with the product that was sent out to me....

This was a replacement phone for my wife and it was exactly what she wanted. It came on time and activated flawlessly.

I like it because of keyboard and its feels good in the hand, just wish I could do more with it, its always tells me , low on space

I love HTC, this phone is great.  texting is simple with this phone, the camera is pretty good too.  HTC is always impressive

This phone is great. Its got allot of cool features and and has everything you can ask for in a phone.

This phone is the devil. Experience frustration the likes of which you have never seen before with the HTC Evo Shift! Never have enough memory to run anything! Amazing!

I purchased this as a gift for my friend. Now let me tell you about my friend...my friend runs every applications known to man, then complains about the battery is running low. Like I said in te title, I am not soo sure.

A big chunk of the touch screen didnt work and the keyboard buttons were half stuck. Mistake getting it. And i had to go with a complete didnt service.

I needed a phone since mine was crap and I bought this one and it linked up to my account with sprint very easily.

I got the Sprint HTC Evo Shift 4G Smart Phone for Christmas as a hand-me-down from my sister. This phone is durable--trust me! My sister accidentally dropped it on a cement floor last year and it still worked! After she got a different phone, she disabled the call and text feature and it was certainly NOT a problem for me. I just downloaded a free texting app from the Android Market. I can keep busy for HOURS with this phone with it's many free and available apps from the android market, the fast internet, and so much more. I definitely recommend it anyone who wants a cell phone that's durable, good to pass the time, and easy to use.

I've never ever complained about a product I've ordered from Amazon, whether it came from a third party or otherwise.  I've never been so disappointed with a purchase. I bought this phone for my son's upcoming birthday, but when I contacted Sprint to try to activate it, it had a lost/stolen restriction on it.  I'm sorry, but that is really just unacceptable. I appreciate the customer service help I received from Amazon in an attempt to resolve the issue, but still...a stolen/lost phone is kind of a big deal.  I'd have thought Amazon would have had better QC, especially for these kinds of devices coming from third parties.  I'll attempt a refurbished phone through another seller, but as it stands right now, I've lost a little trust in Amazon as a result of this experience.

I would not recommend this phone - does not ring half the time - came with no instructions - goes nuts once in a while - already looking for a replacement.

The phone was useless, as the screen was shot. I feel that i was misrepresented and basically, I feel ripped off.

I was looking to replace my HTC 3D with the Shift and this was the only way I could find and it was only slighly more expensive than turning in a claim to replace the HTC 3D.  I prefer the Evo Shift as it's lighter, a little smaller and has better functionality compared to the 3D.  I was very happy with Amazon's Warehouse Deals section and will purchase from them again.

So I charge the thing each night but I could really get away with only every other day. The ram is small which makes it not comparable to an IPhone. But if you need to, you can replace the battery after a couple of years, with an Iphone you need to throw it away. It uses the Google OS that is always updated, with the Iphone Apple changes your OS so it is no longer compatible with your phone and you need to throw it away. I use this phone with a pay as you go plan, $12 a month with no contract. I get plenty of minutes and lots of texting with just a bit of data for emergencies. When on the road, I pull into a fast food parking lot and use their free wifi, so it's plenty good. No $60 data plans and 2 year contracts for me! The rats. Yes get this phone for a good time, you'll be glad you did. SD can hold as many apps as you need for being out and about. It's not a laptop, so don't expect it to be.
