
I ordered this to replace my phone that I used to be under contract with ATT, but I'm no longer under, but didn't cancel the plan.  This would not work with my sims card.  So, if you don't have a GOPhone, this probably won't work for you.  I see that there is another phone like this that says it's unlocked.  I thought I ordered that, but guess not!  I sent it back.

Bought this as an interim replacement for an AT&T; contract phone, to avoid a renewal.  I may do the renewal anyway, soon.It's a very basic phone, with few customizable options.  I actually like a flip phone, but the text is tiny for me, and there are some very clunky ways to navigate around the phone to send texts, etc.If you need a basic unit, this is fine.  The sound quality is fairly good, although the external speaker location and design is downright wacky!Satisfied, but only for a short while.

Got 2 of these, one phone died completely in 5 month, the battery on the second phone died around the same time.Use the broken phone's battery with the other phone... so now I have one working phone.

I needed to find a cheap cellphone because I am poor like many other people in this world. I must say the phone is solid and living on a tiny island like I do here on the Outer Banks you need a good phone.  I'd give it another star but there is a few design flaws when it comes to prorgamming the darn thing.  Still worth it!

I went to my local ATT store and asked what they had for free since the basic phones they had on display had a price on them. The guy pulled this cheap looking piece of garbage out from under the counter.  I filled out a form and I got my free upgrade to my account (I am not using pay as you go) I have a family plan.  I guess they don't like to give these away which is why it isn't sitting out..it isn't even listed on ATT's online store.But as cheap as it looks...i'm certain it will last as long as I don't excessively drop it and it has the features I need.EXCEPT when i plugged it into my pc with the usb..no directory came up. i can't copy pictures and ringtone mp3s onto it? anyone have any ideas..i couldn't synch it to a smart phone with bluetooth...maybe a bluetooth adaptor on my pc will work..

I got this for my SO who is not interested in having a smartphone.  The phone is very easy to use and much cheaper than the same one was in the AT&T store.  We just put his SIM card in and set it up!  The camera takes surprisingly clear photos.

I expected better service from this cell,last one I bought at Walmart I had no problems sending text messages.This one they fail numerous times, also lettering very small.The reason I wanted to upgrade was to have a camera. When I take a picture it is blurred or to dark. Also you cannot block numbers on this cell when I could with the samsung att flip top phone.SHOULD HAVE STAYED WITH THAT BRAND.VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PURCHASE.

this is a great phone, great price, and features. would be perfect for your teen, its durable and affordable. i think its great :)

I bought this phone for my 70 year old dad who uses it for basic phone.  He likes that he can see who's calling from the outside and it takes good pics. It's not good for texting though.

AND NOT USER FRIENDLY AT ALL.  IT IS ALWAYS GOING WHERE YOU DO NOT WANT IT TO, MADE IN CHINA, AND MESSES UP WHILE TEXTING, AND IT MADE ME IRRITATATED..  I KEPT IT 3 DAYS AND AGGGGHHHH ~!!  I LOVE MY LITTLE AT&T SAMSUNG FOR 19.95 GO PHONE, NO CAMERA, BUT HEY, IT WORKS GREAT FOR A BASIC, AND RELIABLE COVERAGE.

Pleased with this phone.  Picture online shows this to be blue.  It is NOT blue, it is black.Please, if you are looking for a particular color of phone, keep this in mind.

I HAVE HAD MY TO GO PHONE FOR SEVERAL WEEKS.  IT SEEMS TO WORK WELL.  CLEAR VOICE, BUT THE RINGING IS NOT LOUD ENOUGH.  I HAVE TRIED SEVERAL DIFFERENT RINGS AND IT IS THE SAME.  THE RING TONE COMES OUT OF THE BACK AND WHEN IT IS ON THE TABLE, CHAIR, OR IN ITS CASE THE PROBLEM IS THE SAME.... AND IT IS TURNED UP ALL THE WAY.  SUCH A SHAME, LOTS OF MISSED CALLS.  DO NOT TEXT OR DO ANY OF THE OTHER FEATURES.... ALSO ....  PRINT IS SOOOO MUCH SMALLER THAN MY OTHER OLDER FLIP PHONE FROM AT&T.... EVEN WITH MY GLASSES THAT I DO NOT NEED ALL THE TIME, PRINT IS TOO SMALL...

Hi, bought the phone on-line and didn't ask enough questions , i guess; it's a good-looking phone, but,it does not keep a charge, but overall ok.

Good buy.  Holds a charge  with average usage.  If used often should charge overnight.  If you like texting...do not purchase because it takes too long to compose message.  This does not have high tech features like a smart phone.

I recently replaced my Samsung A117 cell phone with this one.  I took the SIM card out of the old Samsung, inserted it into this new phone and it worked right away with my existing GoPhone account.I really liked my old Samsung A117 (before I washed it).  This new phone has basically the same features and functions but is slightly bigger and has significantly less battery time.This phone has speaker phone capability.

The phone itself works ok, but battery life is really bad, and I only use it to talk, and only talk maybe 10-20 minutes daily..

The Turbotax program worked beautifully after another company that sends out disks and ask you to name a price succeeded in getting a price from me (and reasonable, I thought) but the program failed to work.

good phone, works well, nice camera, Bluetooth, and set up a simple little $25 for my kid, everything is good

I do not use loads of airtime, and my data use is limited to the wifi variety.  I have spent a couple of years being annoyed by fatfingering smart devices, so I went back to a plain phone.Biggest complaint is that every time I get in my car with an integrated bluetooth, I have to tell the phone &#34;yes&#34; that I want to connect.  &#34;yes&#34; should be the default

good phone and just what i wanted just use it as a pay as you go phone and didn't need all the other bells and whisles

I live on the fringe of civilization, so not every cell phone works for me. I have excellent signal with this phone.

I bought this phone for my step dad so I would have a way to reach him.  The reception seemed to work just fine, but the phone doesn't hold up for very long.  It broke at the hinges after a few months.  So It's great if you're just buying it for occasional use or if your buying it for somebody else.

The battery life of this phone is short, and the phone gets quite hot when used.  Directions are simple to use.

Pictures you take on this phone are not downloadable to your PC. The USB cable will charge the phone, but no data transfer. The phone has a setting for PC connect, but it does NOT NOT work. You may be able to buy and install memory and then physically take out the memory and read it, I have not tried that yet. NO NO NO NO NO PC connection and NO NO NO NO NO  download of pictures to pc. You are now informed.

The front LCD screen on this GoPhone really is as fragile as 'Unicorn Whisperer' describes (see his 2-star review).  Slight external pressure can be enough to cause the LCD screen to bleed liquid internally, and AT&T; WILL NOT acknowledge this as a product defect.  If you are already stuck with a GoPhone that has suffered such failure, you are better off purchasing this phone from Amazon as a replacement rather than trying to pursue warranty exchange through AT&T.;  AT&T; Warranty Claims is quick to dismiss such failure as &#34;damage&#34;....but they will not tell you this until you have mailed in your old phone (in the box they send the replacement phone in).  The credit-card number you give AT&T; to secure the warranty return will then be charged $65.00 (for a phone whose list price including battery & SIM-card is $39.99)....and your $65.00 replacement will not include either a battery or a SIM-card &#34;because you already have them&#34;.Aren't you glad that Amazon never ever treats you like this??

I bought this pre paid phone as a gift for my mom.  I didn't want the hassle of taking or adding another line to my contract.  My mom is very old skull and she didn't need any &#34;high tech&#34; smart phone gagdet, so after doing some research I found this one to be the best fit.  She loves it and the plans available are great....I'm thinking of switching over after my cells contracts expire, after doing some math it's about 1200 dollart a month, when this one's a 100 a year.

Bought this phone for my mom who is a very simple woman and she just loves it.  Very user friendly.

This phone has an mic built on the back instead of he front, and  the person on the other end have problem hearing you.  Not sure whether they designed this phone to make it unusable purposely!!!

phone had some interference problems! I also found that my so called carry over minutes did not exist!i liked the large keys and the camera features! would not recommend this phone

This phone is junk.  After using it for a mere 5 months, the outside and inside displays get all messed up and you can't read/see a thing correctly.  This is the exact same problem that the older model had that we purchased this to replace.  Seeing that this is not a smart phone and is only used for occasional texting and phone calls, it doesn't make sense that it wears out so easily.

Chose this phone after reading several reviews.  Wanted a simple phone to carry in the car.  Really like the time and date display on the ouside.  Camera works well and takes good pictures.  Charges quickly.  If you don't need a bunch of bells and whistles, this is the phone for you.

Ordered this in for my husband. We were having some &#34;cell phone issues&#34; and we ended up getting this one for him. We don't text or do any of that &#34;fancy&#34; stuff that today's phones do...we just use it to call people. My husband just wanted to get a flip phone that worked, and this one does!! It has good reception and it's easy to use.

This phone works really well for how Iuse it...talk only. However, it has locked up several times when I turned it on and I've had to remove and replace the battery for it to boot up. I ordered one for my husband, also, and he has had no problems.

The first cell phone my 85 year old husband actually uses.  Has more features than I expected.  It is small enough to carry in your pocket.

This was a great purchase for my 83 year old mother.  Nothing to make her crazy learning how to use her new phone.

I neglected to take the phone out of my pants pocket and they went into the washer, the phone was on standby. Went through the entire wash cycle.We removed the battery and put the phone in a bowl of rice for a day or so. Put the battery back in, powered it up and good as new. Just one small scrape on the back of the case. Unbelievable!

This phone works fine for my elderly mother. I purchased one just like it at a retail outlet and then placed the sim card from her old AT&T phone into this phone. I ended up having to go to the AT&T store to get a new sim card (no charge by AT&T) as her old sim card would not work in this phone. Two weeks later she left the first phone in her pants pocket and ran it through the washing machine. Not really a good idea!!! So, I ordered this one from Amazon.com and her sim card from the phone she washed still worked when I put it into this phone.

I had one of these Z phones before my alcatel and I loved how simple it was.  It wasn't a flip phone and it lasted for years... I was so sad once it started to crap out on me.  I asked for this one [as an anniversary gift] to replace my pretty much new alcatel because I enjoy the Z texting and how simply it operated.  The camera was a bit better in my older one but I suppose I'm not trying to be a photographer with my phone haha.  No more purse-dialing with my new flip phone!  Sadly, the closed-screen started to malfunction and the phone started glitching within the first two months I had it.  I went ahead and bought a $50 Z992 smart phone and it works just fine.  Occasionally needs to be restarted because of minor-touch-screen type glitches.  Worth it. All in all, I'd say reconsider your purchase of the Z221 gophone- compare it to similar models or just upgrade.

I actually purchased this to replace a Nokia Lumia 920 smartphone--one of the most powerful on the market, and imo much superior to any iPhone, hands-down.I later bought a Nexus 7 (2013 October version) and soon realized that all the features on my smartphone were pretty much redundant. The Nexus, being an extremely powerful tablet mostly suited for gaming, has no issues at all running anything on the Android market, or on Google Play.After that, my smartphone had no real use for the prefix part of that, and all I was really using it for was the phone part. So, obviously, it made sense to just drop it and its astonishingly high mandatory data rates and get something that did the only thing I really needed it to do: Send and receive calls, texts, and sometimes emails.Since smartphones are becoming staggeringly expensive (especially if you're still an iPhone user, in which case you probably just go with familiarity since the phone hasn't really improved since the 4 [Siri was already on Android phones long before then, not that it was all that useful to begin with]) and also have new problems, like practically mandatory external chargers (ATT treats these as a casual given that they're happy to sell you, like it's somehow okay that the things can't even be used for one day without being recharged), abysmal battery life, poor voice quality in favor of data speeds, and basically, tons of stuff you *HAVE* to pay for that practically no one really needs. Data plans are only going up in price, and how "smart" do you really need a smartphone to be? At what point is it just a mini-computer and only secondarily a phone?Anyway, if you're like me and just said no to the smartphone boom that made cell phone bills shoot through the damned exosphere while *sacrificing* basic features older phones had (such as, say, working for the entire freaking day with normal use, and acting like having secondary chargers has always been the case), phones like these are really the way to go. Use your tablet for the tough stuff, it's far better at it, anyway. And less expensive, so long as you just use Wi-Fi for your data.If you want a small computer that doesn't even bother acting like it's technically a phone, knock yourself out and get an expensive smartphone. If you're a little smarter than that, get a tablet (they're now far more affordable and even sub-$200 ones are more than adequate for most people--and they don't have contracts) and a phone that acts like it's really a phone. You'll save a ridiculous amount of money in the long run and end up better off than you were before even if cost wasn't the motivator. Smartphones are so battery-craving and in many practical ways no better off than before, so they're really just absurd with the advent of contract-free, inexpensive tablets.I hope these things come back as viable options for people instead of the all-the-way-downhill iPhones of today that still dominate the market exclusively due to familiarity with the brand (it's true: Everything an iPhone has ever done has been done before on Android, bar nothing at all except the mechanism that makes it more expensive). Joy to the world when something like the Razrs come back and we go back to having practical technology instead of cool-but-pragmatically-worthless technologies on phones.

Product arrived swiftly and as described.  This cell phone is relatively cheap and has most of the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; that I need for a prepaid cell phone service that I only use once or twice a week.

I was looking for a temporary replacement for my phone so i got this prepaid phone and I thought it's a nice one.I noticed there's something wrong when i was using the phone, the speaker is on the mouthpiece, so i have to turn it upside down just to hear the voice on the other line and turn it conventionally when i need to speak. After a few weeks, i decided to return it and get a replacement. I thought it was just a defective unit. However, when i got the replacement unit, which has exactly the same brand and specs, I was so disgusted because it has the same problem, "the speaker is on the mouthpiece". Finally, i decided to return it and asked for a payment refund. I would like to let the readers know what kind of phone it is and let the manufacturer know of the quality defect of the product that they sell. I don't recommend this phone, it was just a waste of time, although you will get back your payment, it is still very inconvenient the moment you bought this device.

The phone works fine, a good bargain. Wife does not want a cell phone, however, so we won't use it.

We had a phone just like this one and purchased it again after AT&T had discontinued it. It was everything it said it would be and was shipped faster than expected.

Connected to the Zomm without a problem.Haven't connected it to the car yet.  Will try soon.Easy to operate.

This is a no frills Phone that seems to be reliable and pretty tough. It is very suitable for a person with limited phone skills. It calls-- It receives. It has the time window for quick reference. It Makes my wife feel like a Trekkie when she flips it open to answer it. Happy wife-- Mission accomplished.

My husband loves this phone it's has second one Like ease reading message. Like the way message showed up on screen

Not ready for smart phone.  Just needed a good regular cell phone.  Better speaker phone than I thought it would have.  Battery last a long time.

I will NEVER buy another cell phone based on user reviews.  I spent hours reading the wonderful reviews for this flip phone and made my decision based largely on the positive reviews.  I didn't have time to locate and visit a store with active phones I could test beforehand because I needed to get out of another contract by a deadline, but I also needed to port my number to the new carrier.  I must assume that none of the positive reviewers for the Z221 have ever had a flip phone before.  I guess that's plausible because this Z221 is my fifth flip phone (I still am not drawn to any smart phone yet), and every one before this one including my very first, was MUCH better.If the only thing you want to do is set up a couple speed dials and talk to three folks total, then this is the phone for you.  I don't know if it's the service/network (AT&T;) or the phone antenna capability, but the only positive thing I can say about this phone is that the reception and sound quality are good--that's why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1.  Beyond that, it compares horribly to other flip phones out there.  I cannot believe someone recommended this phone for seniors--are you kidding?  I can barely dial the dinky keypad or read the teeny-tiny menus or contacts (with the exception of digits dialed) even with my glasses.  Just to give others who think this phone is wonderful, an idea of what other basic flip phones can do:1) Provide an easy-access menu button (I realize AT&T; flip phones have a problem with this).2) Provide a variety of ring tones, alarm tones, calendar tones, etc.3) Provide a loud volume level so you can hear the phone ring (without going through multiple sub-menus and still not getting a result).4) Provide a logical, intuitive menu structure so you can find items in one and only one menu tree (not hide the Tools menu--alarms, calendar, etc.--under the My Stuff menu).5) Provide easy access to menu items so shortcut keys are not necessary to set.  I didn't feel like searching to set up personalized ring tones so I knew who was calling (I can't hear the phone ring anyway).6) Provide a variety of vibrate options that can easily be felt & heard.7) I could go on and on, but my advice is to try another flip phone--even if you have to go to another service (Try the Doro 410 with Consumer Cellular--great for seniors; try the Kyocera Vero with Sprint--also great for seniors and for EVERYBODY who wants/needs a flip phone.Update:I've used this phone infrequently over the past three weeks (haven't returned it yet), and despite infrequent use, the battery seems to drain very quickly.  I've charged the phone five times for a total of 5-6 hours of use in three weeks.  Unacceptable.  Meanwhile, I've continued to use my much friendlier Kyocera Vero for calendar/alarm purposes in those same three weeks, and have not needed to charge it even once.

i find this phone unreadable in sunlight, even daylight, even w screen fully brightened in settings.  acoustics not very good either; hard to hear.  it is small & can use blue-tooth. may be att network but often it doesn't seem to ring and i get missed call message much later.  not happy w att plan service.  want to use in europe and unlock procedure is very tricky; got conflicting info from 3 different att &#34;help&#34; techs.  may use an unlock service to open it up to use w other sim cards.  i use it infrequently but want it to work when emergency arises.  may problem is the screen--just to hard to see in bright light, even w shading under jacket or hat.

Very practical phone with a great battery life, It has all the features that phone users need.  Not for those who want a hand held computer. Perfect for me

The phone came in with no protection at all on the screens and the inside of the phone the screen is scratched. I am not satisfied with this phone and will not purchase another one.

This product sucks. The battery life is horrible , I brought two phones, one for me and my spouse we can't talk 30 mintues without having to charge the battery, also the feature are not functional.

The phone came quickly and activating it took about 15 minutes. I only use cell phones for voice service. It is a great value as I used to pay about $60 a month and now I pay about $15. The auto refill is great. You get a message after each connection telling you its cost and your remaining balance. Nice to know but a bit annoying. The phone itself is basic but has a few annoying features; the ones I like least are the multiple steps it takes to get to the address book and that to get a picture off the phone you need to message it someplace rather than using the usb cable. The biggest disappointment is the battery. My wife and I each got theses phones and both of us put our batteries through the break-in procedure but both batteries only last a couple days instead of the promised week.

Gets the job done.. Its just a phone .no big horns and whistlesService was as promised.  If you need a fast replacement phone.

It's a nice little cute phone. Has a camera with video. Can't beat this deal for the price especially if you're looking for a simple phone

Be careful, it just charge me money from time to time if you don't stop it.Finally I called AT&T; to remove the data usage but I have already been charged 20 cents in an hour for nothing.

I had this for about 5 months before the screen started blanking out. Granted it had been dropped a few times but it had the protective shell on it.  It conked out after 8 months.  Would not buy again.

these sam sungs are the best made phones there consistant and buttons are always the same so its a perfect memory phone

I like the flip phone design, but the display has such small letters it makes my eyes strain to read it. Really hate that.  And the battery life is very short.  I used to be able to go a week between charging with my LG. This only last a few days (if I DONT use it).  The batter just drains away in a few days even if I don't make any calls.

The cell phone works just first. We do not use this phone a whole lot but it makes and receives calls just fine. Great phone if you are looking for something not that expensive.

He likes the phone he uses it all the time thank you for the awesome prices and the best thing it was new

This phone gets the job done if you're looking for a simple pre-paid wireless device.  The drawbacks I can find are that you can't sort the contacts by last name.  This is overcome by typing the first letters of the name to speed up the scrolling.  Also you cannot set a default typing mode.  So you'll find yourself switching from the predictive text to the all lowercase to the paragraph modes every time.  Otherwise it's a simple phone that will last you 2-3 days on a charge if you're not using it round the clock.  If you're looking to downgrade your AT&T plan you can take it into a store or call their 611 line and get your SIM chip switched over to this IMEI.  My family found it cheaper to get 2 $50 unlimited plans than anything else AT&T offered.

This is the first time I've been disappointed with the performance of a product. I've listened to this phone and used this phone and am very disappointed with the audio quality both transmitting as well as receiving.The product arrived in original AT&T; Go Phone packaging, undamaged and arrived quickly, but the audio quality is poor.

I've had this phone for about 2 years now, and I can't say that I'm either completely happy with it, or completely annoyed by it.I bought this as a pay as you go phone, since while I need a phone, I don't use one enough to justify even a $30 a month plan. This phone mostly meets my needs, and has additional features I don't, like being able to connect to the internet. It's been entirely adequate for my needs for the past two years, though it does have some built in annoyances.The most basic annoyance is this phone tends to just send people straight to my voice mail, and doesn't even log that someone has called me sometimes. It also has this weird habit of not connecting me at all when I call sometimes, and just leaving me there listening to a very loud echo of my own breathing. Both these things have gotten worse as it has gotten older.It also has various quirks doing really basic stuff. If you want to set your phone to vibrate, you end up in a menu with the options of &#34;General&#34; &#34;Meeting&#34; &#34;Outdoor&#34; and &#34;Silent&#34;, and you're left to intuit which of these are ring, vibrate, ring and vibrate and none of the above. Being someone that's in meetings regularly, I also wish that I could switch between these options in fewer button presses. Another option and issue is just turning the volume to zero, but for some reason also shuts off the vibration function, which is a bother. The final thing you could do to silence it is to shut it off, and this is by far the worst option, since it insists of making this loud annoying jet swooping sound when you do that, and nothing says &#34;I am respectfully shutting off my phone to prevent it from being a distraction.&#34; like pulling it out and having it make loud noises. I have no idea why someone thought that was a good idea, but I curse them regularly.I do still use the phone, and plan to till it dies. I wish it was a little less annoying to use, but the annoying quirks it has are the kind that are hard to recognize without using it for awhile, and I guess I'll stick with the devil I know.

I recently purchased two of these phones, to free us from outrageous monthly "smart" phone bills and actually use a cell phone for its original intended purpose- to make occasional calls when away from home or work. No, these phones will not be confused with iPhones, but you won't have to work a second job to pay your cell phone bill, either. They are small, easily customized, and very reasonable to operate on the 10 cents per minute plan, no monthly charges of any sort. One buys $25.00 worth of airtime, good for three months; unused minutes roll over when more time is purchased. Other plans available include $2.00 per day the phone is used, unlimited on that day, or $50.00 a month for unlimited voice, data, and text messaging. Only two small quibbles keep this phone from getting five stars- it is relatively easy to hit a wrong button and trigger internet access, or at least the beginning of internet access, which, of course, will cost you a few cents. A more serious concern is the occasional reception of unsolicited junk text messages, which cost an outrageous 20 cents each. I plan to complain to AT&T; about the text messages. An internet or media block might also prevent me for being able to send a text message, so I don't think that's a solution, if it's even available on these phones.The battery charge lasts for days, even weeks, and reception and voice quality seem excellent. If you're tired of paying for your smart phone every month, are out of contract and looking to cut back on your expenses, these might be a good solution. We use Ooma for unlimited calling at home, which is also working out very nicely. Once your friends and family learn to use your cell only for emergencies and instead call you at work or home, you may like this phone as much as my wife and I do.

I absolutely love this phone.  The menus are clear and concise and it was easy to install my old Sim card and quickly set up my address book and speed dial utility.  Wish I hadn't waited so long to upgrade. I call it a no-frills phone, but there are really a lot of extra features and apps I'm learning to appreciate and might eventually choose to use.  Would recommend this to anyone just wanting an easy to use phone.

Good phone for the money , get a rubber protector for it. Also, get a warranty as well since the outside screen is known to break if dropped

I have actually downgraded my phones several times simply because I don't need all the features and with this phone you can see the screen in almost all lighting conditions. It's simple. Effective. AT&T really didn't like my decision, but you can actually "use" this phone in all dry working conditions. Untill they re-release the old Razor, this is your best bet.

Best price. Fast Delivery. The condition was expected based on description.. New. No negative surprises. Would recommend to anyone. Bought this phone for my parents who are not in touch with the high technology.

Had a smart phone. Couldn't see it. key pad not accurate and it shut off and locked all the time. I went back to this simple phone. Has a great speaker. Easy to read and use. Just open and answer or set to any key to answer. Great phone to see who is calling and ignore those robo calls and sales. And you can just put it in your pocket without worry that you will scratch it.

Easy enough to use, my mom has no use for a smartphone and this does all that she requires, calls and texts. Although pics look less than ideal but that is understood.

Phone is great if you want just a phone. I had the Z331 and this has as good reception and sending qualities as it. The front screen is monochrome not color, which to me ain't a big deal. I don't use the camera, texting, internet, etc. so I can't comment on those.As a straight phone this is one of the best I've had (Been through about 15-20 of them). Speed dial is easy and one push to access. Address book is one push to access. Basic and effective phone.

Very nice replacement for AT&T Phone which died.  I was able to install the SIM card and "Go" as advertised.  I like the Camera and Blue Tooth capabilities but was disappointed that there was no way to download pictures or upload ringtones which I was able to do with my previous phone.

I love this phone.  For the price it is awesome.  I check my email and facebook all the time and it's easy and fast.  The only this that annoys me is when texting putting symbols in or changing from lowercase to uppercase or numbers is a few steps, not a big deal.

Just a replacement phone for Mom so I didn't have to renew the contract.  It's a great little phone, serves its purpose.

I have never been a phone chatter type. I hate talking on the phone just to be talking. If I call I want something. I use pay as you go because I can put $100 down and still have $15 - $20 to roll over after a year. Nobody has a cheap enough monthly plan to match that. That being said, my old phone began to have issues so I bought this one.Out of all the cell phones I ever owned, this is the most frustrating one I ever owned. Just try and find things like 'missed calls' from scratch. Any other phone I ever saw was simple. Not this one! I've had it for awhile now and I like it less every day. Except for messaging, everything else is hidden or buried. There is NO entry for call history and there's no intuitive way of locating it. I found it once accidentally and never again since. I have spent more time going in circles with this phone trying to do the same things that were straight forward and easy on my last one which was also a flip phone.Reception is absolutely unreliable. One minute you can have full bars and the next nothing while sitting in the same place. No issue with hearing or being heard, but that's about all this thing does well.Add to all that that this thing is the cheapest, thinnest crappy plastic I have ever seen -again 100X more flimsy and cheap feeling than my last phone, and this becomes an even worse phone deal. It certainly isn't built to last if you actually handle it.I also found if you bought it from a certain retailer with 'Shack' in its name, you have to sign up with them to even access the help page for the phone which means SPAM, SPAM, and more SPAM. Been there, done that, won't happen again. There appears to be no way to opt out.I am looking for something better that isn't pricey because all I end up doing is calls, text, the rare photo and even rarer Internet access. I don't want or need a full blown smart phone but I may be forced into that because it seems basic phones are limited and from what I can see are at the lowest end of the low end spectrum. This thing is a bad joke and I'm looking for something else.

Great little cheap phone, much better than the 19.00 Samsung that I tried first. Easier to see, much better and easier to hear. Got a nice feel to it also. I would buy again.

But haven't been able to down load pictures off of it to my computer.cant locate a driver for it.If you can help please email me.

Love this phone. Works for what I need that is a phone that just talked and don't have all the other stuff on it. Its just for emergency phone for me incase I should break down on the side of the road. Thank you

Got this for my technologically challenged folks who are not in tune with a smart phone or even user friendly iPhone. It's got a great large display for the time on the outside and inside. It's durable so you don't have to worry if you dropped it or not. As far as the other features I wouldn't know, but to my knowledge I don't think there really are any.

Phone kept loosing the signal. Missed several calls. Went back to my old Nokia phone and started using it again. At least it will hold a signal. This is the second AT&T z221 go phone I have tried. Both phones turned out to be lemons.

Just to make phonecalls, this is adequate.  Battery is satisfactory, doesn't hold a great charge but it is ok. I buy it for my mom who rarely makes a call, just now and then.  If your are a hard core user, this phone is not for you.

I bought the z221 hoping it was a better bet to get reception at our lake place(a nutorious dead zone),  The coverage is wonderful and the phone has just the features I need and is working out perfectly for me.  Thank you At&T on both counts.

I like it because it is close to my old phone and is easy to use and find what I need quickly.  It is lightweight and small so I don't have a problem carrying it in my pocket or holder.  The calls come in clear and just using it is fun!

I haven't had a phone since 2000, and have been resisting buying one -- I remember the nightmare contracts you had to sign to get on a plan. I'm on a $25 a month plan which gives me free messaging AND 250 minutes free! The plan AND the phone have been working great for me. Awesome battery life, as I've only charged it twice since I bought it, and even then it was only down a couple of bars. The reception is pretty good, depending where you are. Highly recommended!

I like the flip phone concept.  It has more features than I need butthat is ok and the price is great.

Was thinking of switching to prepay.  I just decided to skipp the prepay and get a Z221.  I know its prepay.  But even the back of the phone says "Stop Attension If you are a current AT&T; customer, simply charge the battery and move your existing sim"  Best cheapee phone ever.  Even takes videso.And then just use the old iphone (my dad got the 4gs today) with wifi only.  Remove the sim card and it says no sim inserted.  But click ok and still works.  Browse all the internert I want.  I know I can do with a itouch but no camera.  And we already have an iphone.Oh and I even dropped once and it still works.  No cracks.

Easy to set up and use. A fairly simple model compared to many of the newer ones, suits me fine for daily needs. Battery strength seems excellent, controls easy to follow and sound more than adequate.

We purchased this phone for my father-in-law who wanted a basic phone to just make calls and also needed to use a bluetooth headset for driving. He has a plan, so we did not use this as a prepaid phone but just switched his sim card out to use with his plan. 99% of the phones available from ATT for upgrade were either smartphones or did not have bluetooth. This phone fit our needs perfectly. It also has a fairly large display. It is simple enough to use as well. My father-in-law is Chinese and does not speak much English, but was able to use this phone and understand it.

My fianc&eacute; hates all the new phones out there but he loves this one!  Its exactly the phone he is used to and wanted.

Had this for about a month now and must say this is a great phone for the price. It is clear and has a lot of features. The Bluetooth capabilities allow me to upload my pix and vids to my computer.

Says its a gophone but no sim card or instructions on how to get one. How is it a gophone if doesnt have a sim card? I was unfamiliar with amazon didnt realize they also peddle stuff from unreliable sources.

This is a lightweight, entry-level phone with decent call quality and texting ability. However, don't expect this phone to last very long. The front LCD screen is completely out of use after just one very small drop of approximately two feet. The phone doesn't have a scratch on in, as the force of the fall was so minimal, yet the front LCD screen still managed to break somehow. I would not recommend this phone if you're looking for any kind of durability. The phone, in its defense, still works for calling and texting, but one of the reasons I purchased the phone was for the front LCD screen.

this is an ok basic phone, not many bells and whistle on this, just basic, one problem that i have with it is the earpiece volume, needs to be able to increase another two bars to here very good. other than that it serves the purpose.

Awesome phone. i love it. it is all i have wanted since my old one broke!!!! and its a flip phone!

This phone works  great for me,*I will recommended,I used every day and so far no problem, reception is very good better than my others phones,I will recommend this Z221.

i just bought this phone today and i absolutely love it.its very easy to set up-the camera works great too.good quality reception-lots of features and a very good price.i dont use a phone alot so this is perfect.would recommend it to anyone.

This is a great phone. It was reasonably price and it was sent to me promptly. I love the camera.

Despite description, this phone did not work in my area so it was a complete waste of time and money.

I like my Z221 but without a Bluetooth capable pc or laptop, transferring files or photos is not possible.  If that functionality is important to you and if you're like me (not Bluetooth capable) I would buy a different phone

this was a present for my 70 year old grandma. She wanted a phone that she could talk n text on. so this worked out perfectly. We aren't prepaid we have been with ATT since 2003 and they didn't have any phones like this in the store so we opted to but online. we just inserted her SIM card and it worked perfectly!

I bought the z331 which is a nice phone but it comes with only internet apps. Even the address book goes on the internet.There is no support for paygo. Not online. Not at AT&t; stores. If you have a problem it is your problem to solve.I purchased the phone to make phone calls not to go on the internet. There is no way to uninstall the internet apps. So ever time you use the address book you go online. No way to stop that.Just want to say this so other people won't buy thinking AT&T; will help. They won't. Your money will be used to go online every time. Somethings you never have to click on but the address book you do.

it was ok if you need phone right sway battery does not hol very good charge if loooing for cheap phone

The phone was brand new and worked great. I am glad it was at a good price as well. Thanks

The price was right, and I got it (along with a time &#34;refill&#34; card) quicker than from AT&T;! (Is that saying much? Not too sure!)My major complaint is that the &#34;navigation&#34; buttons are easy to rack up unwanted web time (ka-ching!).Will probably buy another one.

This is the only phone that we found that works with our new cell phone provider - Pure Talk. It is pretty easy to use.  The clarity is good.  You can group your contacts by family, friends, work etc. It is easy to assign speed dial numbers.  The user manuel is easy to understand.  Time between battery charging is about 4 to 5 days.  This phone meets my needs as I mainly use the house land line.

got this phone for my husband I guess its ok long it works  its not the most beautiful phone but does what it suppose to do and he is ok w'it and esiar for him...

The description says this phone has a camcorder- there's no camcorder. The picture shows an AT&T phone - it does not say AT&T anywhere on it. It is less substantial & has the same features as a $20 tracfone. The one page instructions did not give a website address to add minutes, though the description said you could buy minutes online and it was not necessary to buy a plan. The price on the phone I put in my cart was 44.95, my card was charged 49.95.  I sent it back.

This phone is a big, big dissapointment.  The phone is so junkie I didn't use it.  I threw it in the trash.  AT&T should be ashamed.

This is a very nice phone for this price. I have a Blackberry bold. I've found the the web browsing 3G capability is faster in this AT&T than my blackberry. The best part is NO CONTRACT needed for this phone. The only reason I gave four star instead of five is because of the sound quality. The others can hear me crystal clear but I can hear others well enough but not excellent. But I am not complainig because  I'm only going to use it for emergeny as I've a contract with verizon for my blackberry :( . this phone has given me more than what I have expected from this phone. Overall this is a great phone and get the job done without a big bill at the month.

This AT&T phone is hot it work great and any one who has it would love it. My mom has it and she love this phone. She said it work better then any ohter phone out there. Get it it a great phone to talk on and text with and around wonderful.

My contract is up with ATT and I dont want to get another phone because I have to commit to another 2 year contract, so I purchased a 'go phone' and then gave the info to ATT to use this phone on my account, without having to renew my contract.I get dropped calls often. Just like others who commented on the receiver part, I too have to keep the receiver right next to my mouth.  If I put the phone on my shoulder while Im talking, the party Im speaking to cannot hear me.I pay $77 a month for my plan, and my son has his own go phone and pays $50 a month for everything unlimited (data, voice, text)  I dont have the data plan and am limited to minutes.  I called ATT and asked why they have an unlimited $50 go phone plan and do not have it for the phones under contract?  The representitive hung up on me.Glad I didnt renew my contract, but I have to get another phone.  This is just a cheap one that I lose calls frequently and have 'no service' just about all the time.

My cell phone and minute plan with AT&T is 5 years old. I have been on a month to month basis with them after my 1 year agreement had expired. The 5 year old cell phone was not holding it's 5 day charge anymore and replacing the battery would be  a bit costly. The phone was bulky and annoying to carry in my pocket. I did not want to agree to a new 2 year contract with AT&T to get a new phone for free, so this Z221 phone was perfect for a replacement phone. Just had to charge the battery, and put in my Sim card from the old phone and I was back in business. The Z221 is about 1/2 the thickness of the old phone and fits in my pocket nicely. I like the clam shell type phone ( which the old phone was also) because I don't have to worry about accidentally activating a call while it's in my pocket. Only thing I don't like about it is the external display does not stay on. It comes on when a call is coming in. The old phone had the time, battery and antenna bars displayed all the time (as shown in the picture above left).. Other than that it is a basic cell phone capable of text messaging and internet browsing.

Very easy to use and a go to phone if you are not a tech savy.  This was a present and he loved it!

After a few months the phone stop working properly. I can only use it for texting now

I've had this phone for several years now, and as an emergency back-up, it's terrific. I have to buy a minimum of 250 minutes every three months (for $25). Since I never use more than that, the cost works out to $8.33 a month. And ALL your minutes roll over. If you can find a better deal than that, buy it!  Also, the battery lasts 'til hell won't have it. I lost my charger several months ago (finally bought a replacement today on Amazon), and in all that time, the phone STILL hasn't died (I just checked my messages). I LOVE THIS PHONE!  :-)

The phone arrived pretty fast. Great solid device, doesn't seem to drop calls. If your looking for a great basic phone I would really recommend it.

I bought one of these gophones for a relative staying here who resides in Brittan where she has a phone on the orange network. To be honest at&t; rates were kinda high. So we wanted simple mobile since she was going to be here for two months. We couldnt return the phone, but didn't really want to, it was pretty solid. Unlike most of the smartphones today, you can make a call and talk within seconds. (Yea iPhone, and Htc lovers I said it, because I've been through it on both phones)With that being said, we looked for unlocking it but, wanted (not trying to sound cheap, we only paid near $45 for the phone with taxes) to pay less than $30. We found a place called "teytek cellphone and computer repairs" that advertised their unlocking services on Craigslist. They confirmed they were able to do it, and we were able to to get it done for $30 Without the need to negotiate. Either way, I came from there yesterday after unlocking it, the performance was still great. I threw in my t-mobile sim card and the phone was still fast responding made a call with no problem. Still had all bars on the signal area. I don't have we on t-mobile so I didn't test the browser, but that's okPictures are a bit grainy, but fine. Besides that its really snappy. It's hard to find good speed on a phone nowadays.I'm thinking of buying this as a backup phone, and getting it unlocked. I have a neighbor who sends stuff down to the carribean for selling purposes, and was trying to help us with this situation. Told him the results a few Hours ago, and he wants to buy 80 of them from the store and wants to get them unlocked. Hes going to bargain on both ends for the phone and unlock, but hopefully he gets as much of good experience as I did.CHEERS TO THE CREATOR OF THIS GO PHONE, AND CHEERS TO TEKYTEK FOR THE UNLOCK MY RELATIVE SAID SHES GOING TO KEEP IT AS A TRAVEL PHONE

I received the phone and found that there is NO SIM card included.The description says:========What's in the BoxAT&T; Z221 handset, rechargeable battery, charger, quick start guide, GoPhone SIM card========That is clearly incorrect!Since I needed the phone by the weekend and it was already Wednesday I did not have time to return it and get another and I live far from any AT&T; store so I called AT&T.; They are sending me a SIM card and I should get it in time for the weekend but it is costing me $5.95.So the actual cost of this phone is more than the cost reported if you want it for new service.As far as the actual operation goes I haven't a clue because of the messed up order.Oh well, I guess that is what I get for trusting the web for an important, time sensitive, purchase.EDIT: The seller contacted me and the issue of SIM card has been resolve to my satisfaction.Unfortunately AT&T; screwed up and I did not get a new SIM card in the time frame they said.I will followup further after it finally arrives and I can test the phone.

Good but not as good as my previous phone, but I do like the fliptop phone because it prevent accidental calling.

Been using this phone for 4 months now.Pros - Phone calls are clear. No issues there.  Also, it's a flip phone. I love flip phones (in general) because they curve around the shape of your jaw, when you talk on them, and also because they are small, and you can close them safely with no button smashing or pocket dialing.Cons -1. If you like to use the &#34;ZiAbc&#34; function (also known as the T9 function on every other phone I've ever had), texting has a terrible lag from the time you type a word, to the time it shows up on the screen. The dictionary is also lacking. You can add words to it, but only so many. After it fills up (which mine did after only a few days), every word you type that it doesn't know (which there are plenty), you have to spell out letter by letter, which takes even longer.2. The resolution of the pictures is terrible. You can't even tell what you took a picture of. I carry around a real camera for situations where I actually want to take keepsake photos, but I used to use my phone (other phones) for sending pictures of things to friends through text messages. That feature is an option with this phone, but its worthless because of the low quality of the pictures.3. Speed dial only works to directly call a person. Can't use it for texts. With my old phone, I was able to use the speed dial number for a particular person, then choose whether i wanted to call them or text them. With this phone, if I want to text someone, I can't even do &#34;new text&#34; and then type their name in. I have to do &#34;new text&#34; then &#34;contacts&#34; then hunt them down in the list.4. For some reason, for the first few months of use, this phone was able to store a couple hundred texts before I would get the flashing yellow envelope alerting me that the memory was full, at which point, i would delete the texts and everything would be fine for a few more weeks. Now, for some reason, I get the flashing yellow envelope after anywhere from 3 - 15 texts. I have no idea why this is happening. I deleted all of the pictures from the phone, thinking it was a memory issue, but it didn't solve the problem.5. The first month I had this phone, I was able to play the Tetris game that came on it. However, I tried to play it again the other day, and it said I needed to activate the internet in order to play it (didn't need to before, so wth?).I would definitely not recommend this phone, unless you're going to use it strictly for phone calls and not for texting or anything else.

I like this phone. It's not for those who wants all the bells and whistles.  It has a camera, you can record. It has an alarm. It has other features I haven't tried yet. For me it's perfect. If you need something practical and don't need something with a bunch of features it's great. Probably not for the young. I'm of the older generation who does not want a bunch of features.

This is a great simple phone.I use it with AT&T; GoPhone and am very happy with it.Recently, I decided not to use email or web surfing through it and called AT&T; to turn Internet access off, which they did successfully.However, the phone still shows 3G on it.I suspect I'll get better battery life if I turn its 3G/GPRS services off.I called ZTE to ask how to do it and to my surprise tech support told me that this is not a 3G phone and that it has no GPRS services since it is a basic phone.This is odd, since it's manual states otherwise.Can anyone clarify this or, better, know how to turn its 3G off to conserve battery?

The Mic on this phone is weak - I have to make sure the receiver is just above my mouth.  If I try to balance the phone on my shoulder, or even if my hands drifts a little, no one can hear me.  It's a shame because I really like the phone otherwise.

OK I just got this for $39.99 and it seems to be a great phone, but this is my 1st cell phone, so I really wouldn't know a bad phone and features.  AT&T; only has one lower priced Go Phone at $19.99, but it doesn't have Bluetooth. This has the Bluetooth and a camera. It's a small phone at 3 3/4" x 2" x 3/4" when closed.  I wanted a clam shell so I can throw it in my pocket and this fit the bill. You can also get a data plan to do the web and such but I was looking for a reasonably price phone for calls. As with all prepaid phones you have to watch your minutes and expiration, but if you get the $100.00 refill for 1000 minutes they're good for a year and all the prepaid plans roll over the minutes balance if you refill in time. Or get a pay as you go plan and pay every month. The sound is very clear and it's Bluetooth connection to my GPS makes it somewhat hands free. You have a lot of options if you want to get a data plan. IM, mobile email, games & apps and web connection. It's a AT&T; private brand made by ZTE phones.UPDATE 7/7/2013 After a little less than 2 yrs of usage, here are some insights into the phone. AT&T; network isn't the greatest or maybe it's just the phone but a sometimes I'll get a missed call notice and the phone never rang. Also I'll get a message notice HOURS- yes, HOURS after the message was left for me. Glad it wasn't a emergency!  The phone isn't the most rugged phone. Mine developed a vibration in the speaker  when it rings like something is loose inside,  that could be due to dropping it. Oh and if you want a scratch free screens, GET YOURSELF SOME SCREEN PROTECTORS FROM EBAY OR AMAZON, the screens are just plastic and will get scratched from the keypad rubbing against the screen and stuff in you pocket. All in all it's a good low cost phone.

I have this for three month and did not experience any issue yet. This phone has long long battery life which supprised me a lot.

or after owning two Samsung smartphones, which features I didn't need nor could I read being the type is just too small for me to do any web browser or Internet socialization on a phone. I have two laptops and that's all I need for Internet stuff.The AT&T; global work flawlessly and was just what I was looking for. Only do I have to squint my eyes are put glasses on to do a few things with it. I just powered, make calls received calls, etc.So far I've had no problems with the phone and would recommend it to anybody that just wants a phone. The only thing I have an issue with is the way the door to the USB port to charge it opens. Unlike Verizon which slides into the fold, this one just sort of popped open and hangs on by a thread. Hasn't broken off yet, and if it does I'll live.If you just want a phone to make calls and receive calls and estate of cellular service this is a great bound by.

This phone was ordered because I do not want a phone with all the fancy stuff,  The phone has everything I want on it and was easy to set up.  I already had a SIM card and it works fine,  Delivery was within the time frame the seller stated.

I have had this phone for about a week now and like all the features on the phone but, it has poor speaker volume on the ear piece. It also has very poor battery life. On stand-by with no use, it is dead in 2 days. I would not recommend this phone. I did give it 2 stars for the features.
