
My husband wanted me to get an S4 or5. But my phone company won't even insure me anymore because I have been through to many phones. I didn't want to spend that kind of money. I am very happy with this phone and kind of proud of myself for the choice. I have had it for a month and there are no negatives as of yet.

The good:beautiful screen, large AMOLED stands outdecent build qualitylooks okay, the curved corning glass is very nice looking and durablethe bad:buggy software requires resetting phone periodically to recover spacebattery life isn't too goodcamera low light ability is noticably worse than my previous cheap phone (I'm a photographer, so I only use this camera for depositing checks and scanning barcodes, but my old cheap LG phone had far fewer rejects from my bank!)no software updates- I think Dell is finished with the mobile phone biz for now

It is very fast and I am still learning to use it and getting better at it. I would recommand it.

This is a good low price android phone for regular use or for a gift .The body is very strong and is elegant too.. has all the basic android functions like email,FB etc.The phone was unlocked as well so can be used with any GSM carrier..I ordered 2 for gifting my relatives.. :)

bien

For a 2.2 Android phone it does it's work. kinda slow but good for mainly school-work and gaming although some games aren't compitable in this phone especially the good softwares like the Gameloft games,this software includes the best of best games.but there is good games out there to balance the outage

It's simple and easy to operate well design.but screen sometimes go blank and cut off in the middle of a call. Too heavyWill not recommend because its not cost effective

This is a basic touch screen mobile phone which is well suited to persons who are new to the technology. The phone needs a memory card to activate functions such as the camera.

This phone is beyond amazing. I love it. The battery lasts me the entire day, no matter how much I use it. It has great speakers, the phone setup is easy to navigate. Not to mention its absolutely gorgeous. Loooooove it!

He is loving the phone. working great. but couldn't really guide him with troubleshooting the phone as he is in India.

I wish dell continued to make these phones. I bought this one for my wife as I already have had Dell Venue Pro. Most rigid phone I have ever had.I must have dropped it at least five times (not on purpose) from height anywhere between 3 and 5 feet...just couple of dents...but still working.It is my wife&#8217;s first smart phone, she absolutely loves it and finds it very easy to use.

I bought this phone directly from Dell, as I wanted a smartphone I could use with GoPhone service. (This works, if you get the Venue made for AT&T.; The other choice is with T-Mobile). I've been using it for close to 3 years, and haven't had a single problem. The picture is sharp, I use Wi-Fi on it all the time, which saves me from needing a data plan (because I'm often nearby a wired computer, or can find a Wi-Fi hot spot easily, making the use of data *FREE*.)It holds all my music files and photos, and the screen size is great, and screen quality as well. Although I've yet to run out of space on the internal phone memory, you can upgrade to a 32GB memory card and NEVER run out of space. I've downloaded tons of free Android apps and they all work fine. I moved many to the SD card, so I'd have lots of space left on the phone itself, and also so I'd have an easy back-up of my photos and music files. I use Amazon's free Cloud service, upload my music, and then connect with the phone cable or wi-fi, and it downloads all my music to the phone. After 3 years, I have nothing to complain about, with one exception: Dell doesn't have much in terms of Android Tech support. This was frustrating in the beginning, but the phone is so intuitive and if you're familiar with Android, all the Android OS have the same look and feel, so I've figured out what I need to know on my own. (Plus the phone has an owner's manual built in, which you can access from the phone iteself.) By accident once, I hit the "re-set" and cleared all the data and settings off my phone. Once I logged on again and put my Google account in, all my programs and setting came back onto the phone. What a relief!While you won't see a lot of these phones around (as AT&T;, Dell, and T-Mobile were the only place you could get these) I'd buy it again, as I have nothing to complain about.

Not saying this phone is a piece of junk but for whatever reason my 13 yr old son did not like this phone.

I read the reviews about this phone and liked all the features that it has. However, when I received it, the package had been already opened, the phone was not really new (though was listed as new) there's was no manual, and no memory card included. But that was the least of the issues with the order, the phone does not work! every time I turn it on, it restarts the system over and over again; it is impossible to use it for anything since it shuts down as soon as you try to work on an app for more than two minutes.

This is a good phone. It's fast and is very user friendly. There are two issues that we have come across with, at least, this particular phone.1. Don't let the battery go all the way dead, it has a hard time getting a charge.2.You NEED to have an SD card, or you WILL run out of memory FAST.Other than those things, for the 2 months that we have owned this phone, it has been worth the exhaustive product search and review readings.

This is the worst phone k have ever order. Im sure whoever is selling this though he was going to get away with this. The phone is literally a joke...none of the app work... Its sooo sloW ip

I bought this a couple of months ago.  I came from the "prepaid-droid arena" thinking that this would be much better... The phone has decent battery life, camera quality is decent (great if you use the HD camera mode) and it is 4g capable.  Now, os 2.2 is awful, on this phone.  Froyo constantly crashes, gets extremely sluggish and updating it is a pain...  Overall not bad for the price, but GO AHEAD AND SPEND A LITTLE EXTRA!  Get something better...

The phone works perfectly, it came on time. It's really a good investment because you get all the smartphone functions and a great designed phone for a really good price. Now I have 5 months since I bought it, and don't have any complaint.

This phone is amazing.its the best of the best.get it and you will understand what am talking about.its woww.will highly recommend this phone for people with class and style.Am in love with this phone.

I bought 2 of these phones, only 1 of them worked even lit the other only shows a black screen.

Let me preface this by saying this is mainly a review of the transaction and not the product itself. I give five stars to the phone and one star to the seller.The item I received was definitely not new though it was listed as such and the box has a label stating it is new. The package had been opened and the seal was torn and half missing. The package also had a deep razor cut that went all the way through the second box on the inside of the package. The protective film on the screen had multiple scratches. The packaging for the instructions, accessories and battery were also opened or missing. I can't be sure everything that is supposed to be included was there.Since the package was opened and was not sealed, the contents, including the phone itself, the battery, and all the accessories had spilled out inside the shipping container. All these items had been bouncing around loose inside the shipping container for who knows how long. Shipping was also supposed to be free, but that option was not shown at checkout. I had to contact Amazon about that and to their credit they corrected that. At the time I purchased this, it was a "FULFILLMENT BY AMAZON" item. A few days later it is not. I don't know if that is significant or means anything or not.Disregarding the issues with the transaction and shipping, the phone itself is nice-looking and has a quality feel to it. The 16GB MicroSD card that is included is a plus, and the price is not unreasonable for an unlocked phone of this type. I haven't tried it out much yet, but hopefully it works as good as it looks and feels.I'll update this review if problems arise due to the open package and less-than-new condition in which the phone was received if it results in having to return it to the seller, UnlockedCellPhoneKings.

Do not Recommend.Item got shipped pretty quick and it is a nice phone. Good android apps... The battery seems to drain little quick.. may be because we were using the apps.other than that everything is very good.But it all lasted only for a couple of months... it started to get slower.. (i think that is because of the OS) The phone won't recharge now. Not sure whether the problem is with the charger or phone... I won't recommend this phone to anyone.

The phone is amazing, feels amazing, works amazing. WP7 OS is incredible. I mean perfect. The phone is so smooth, the screen is clearer the a HD TV, the colors are so bright and crisp. The keyboard is very nice to have, allthough the on screen keyboard is better then any other touch screen phones keyboad, its still nice to have the option of the keys. I have had no problems, no software issues or anything and no matter what I throw at it, it plows through with the same speed as it always runs. Dell really did a amazing job of this phone, can not wait to see new Windows phones from them. Buy this phone you will not regret it. My friends that have iPhones are amazed by it.Pros:Solid designGood battery lifeGreat graphics and touchscreen sensitivityEasy to use

Spectacular cell phone, practical, excellent battery life, met my expectations in front of the camera and processor speed. thank you very much.

Best phone I ever had!  So amazing, my daughter bought one as well!  Great screen, fast.  Everything we both need!  I will be buying another one for my spouse.

I had no Idea that there were Dell Cell phones. All you see advertise are HTC, Iphones,Samsung,Att,Verizon,etc...and not to happy about the services of this cell phones, I figured if I love my Dell All in One Computer, Maybe Dell phones might be what I needed...Got it and believe me I am completely happy with my Dell Venue GSM, it's like having my computer in my cell phone...I just love it...I also order on Amazon the Case Cover for the cell phone.

Works well but no upgrade, built is very well made and bright screen. At a low price its awesome and unlocked

We bought this as a replacement for my daughter's broken cell phone. As soon as the sim card was put in and powered on, allst that is need to be done is some set-up and configuration. Overall, this is a good phone.

I recently gave up on Sprint and wanted a unlocked phone. Ordered the Dell Venue. I had the HTC EVO, first generation phone thru sprint.Just a couple things I noticed right away with the Dell Venue. The screen is not as crisp and contrasty as the EVO. I use speakerphone alot and the Venue's sound is about a 2 out of 5, the EVO's was a 5 out of 5. If you don't use the speaker phone option the headset and phone to your ear both sound good when compared to the speakerphone.Other than the above the phone works fine and is overall a good phone for the money, easy to set up to straight talk thru Walmart after the sim card is inserted. This phone is a quad band that can be used worldwide. I have read that the phone has been discontinued.

please be carefull, it donst have a 3g band for america, only for europe, but the product its nice good cellphone

At the given price, this phone is fantastic. The screen is good. Camera quality is excellent. The body of the phone could have been a bit non-slippery but that's not a big deal. Its fast and battery life is excellent. As it comes with 8GB card I dont have to spend another dollars to make it totally useful.

I received the phone quickly and it has surpassed my Expectations  as to what the phone can do and it's quality. But that is to be expected, it's a dell.Dell Venue Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.2, 8MP Camera, Touchscreen, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - Black

Ok, this is an elegant smartphone, but mine came with a little issue, sometimes just won't boot unless I pull the battery. Sometimes will take 2 battery pulls.Baterry life is somewhat mediocre, screen has an strange green tint compared with other properly calibrated smartphones. Build quality is good, but the camera lens (the plastic one that's attached to the battery cover) tends to produce a weird hollow on all my pics, very weird!No FM RADIO, Android OS is outdated and if you want to step up to Gingerbread there's no other way than hacking it and taking the risk of messing everything.Damn phone! ... don't buy it, search for something else.

First Android phone, works great with Telcel (Mexican phone serive), all features works as expected, the only thing that does not work is one of the speakers, but is not a big deal since I do not use ti a lot, camera images are good, Wifi signal is also good, so I cannot say anything bad about Dell venue.PS second phone I've got from the seller, and it arrives on time and exactly as described

Bought this phone five month ago and it's not working at all. Contacted the seller, and they said warranty was over and there is nothing they can do about it.  I thought it might be the battery, so I bought a new battery and it also didn't work.  Would not recommend this phone to anyone!

IS AN EXCELLENT BUY THIS PHONE HAS NOT FILED ANY FAILURE, works quite well is usually a bit faster than some other brands, BUT ACCORDING TO EACH INDIVIDUAL'S NEEDS, is quite functional, ACCOMPANIED BY VERY PROPER ACCESSORIES I recommend it. Only disadvantage or advantage is that the support of this phone will be headed by MICROSOFT,

I got my phone a few day's ago and I love it, not only is it fast and easy to use but it look's great. Definitely a great buy, and the shipping was quick after I ordered it.

This phone was alright in the beginning with the exception of the 8mp camara being fuzzing......however the Phone software crash on me after having it for a month..... I took it to a local phone technician he fix the problem, but sense i got it back it  keeps cutting of. Over all this phone sucks......I would not recomend it, unless your you are a junk collector.....(I now have a new phone on order).

I love the cel phone it work perfectly fine. And  I arrived it on schedule. If I have to shop for product I will look for this company that are doing wonderful job to satisfy their customer need, wants.

The product is good. the battery life is good. But one drawback is the camera is not 8mp. Even though they say it, i dont think thats true, my pics dont come out with clarity. But the phone is good overall, and the clarity of the phone is awesome. I love it. Its good for the prize.

HUGE DESIGN FLAW DISCOVERED.We just went to the AT&T; Store and replaced this with an iPhone 4s. This phone has one, HUGE flaw that everyone who installs any apps on it soon finds out: The 512 meg phone memory fills up quickly due to a system logfile that keeps building in size until the phone becomes useless. If you add up all the space occupied by the resident and installed apps, it does NOT equal 512 megs, but no matter - the phone bricks. We tried all the tricks, like moving whatever apps we could to the SD card, deleting data, installing apps directly to the SD card, etc. It just filled up again within a day, and then my daughter could not receive or answer texts. Instagrams also shut down from the memory problem. Dell's solution is to do a factory reset, which forces you to reinstall all your added apps. I'm going to try a hack fix using a root program, but this is NOT the right choice for a teen. RATS! It's a great-looking phone and the screen dominates the iPhone 4s. But as they say, "If it's not an iPhone, it's NOT an iPhone." My daughter is happy now with her new 4s. This Dell is going on eBay.MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought this for my 15 year old daughter a few days ago, and she's glued to it. We surfed various big-screen unlocked GSM phones (AT&T; carrier) including four or five Samsung models in the $175-$250 price range on Amazon. She picked this one. To keep this simple, I'll use bullet summaries.PROS:-  Huge, almost painfully bright and crisp AMOLED display. I can read it, including the Google Maps, without my reading glasses. And it's only set to about 40% full brightness.-  Excellent web browsing experience. WiFi is very strong. Fast and responsive. Colors are super vibrant.-  Very fast processor, for a 1.0 Ghz. Android probably helps that.-  3rd party apps? Tons of them. It's Android, remember. I downloaded Instagram from my computer through my Google Account, and it installed it on her new phone right then and there via email. She was impressed, and it takes a lot to impress a 15-yr old girl.-  Solid, with a quality fit and feel. The huge curved Gorilla Glass screen is a big plus.-  Choice of regular or Swype texting. Some of her friends with fancy "captive" AT&T; phones don't have that.-  Battery life is pretty good, she says. The indicator drops down to about an 80% indication right away, but then it stays there for a long time.-  Excellent built-in apps for battery meter, percent usage of power by apps, and a dozen other useful pieces of info.-  The Google maps GPS has great detail. The location icon is a little triangle that looks like the old icon from the Space Invaders game. It points north, and it rotates to maintain that as you do.-  Uses generic plugs and ports, instead of proprietary. My Nokia micro-usb charger works fine with this. Uses a standard 3.5. headphone jack.-  Excellent MP3 player. I didn't have time to play with equalizer settings (before my daughter snatched it away) but the default setting sounded great, with solid bass and low distortion. The built-in stereo speakers on the bottom are nice-sounding for cell phone speakers.-  Has speak-to-text and other cool apps that work well, and have useful applications.CONS:-  The GPS doesn't work well indoors or in a car if you are using satellites alone. By comparison, my Nokia N8  gets my location down in our club basement if I'm near the slider. Maybe once we buy a data plan it will improve.-  Not as many accessories as Samsung or iPhone, but the Otterbox defender sold on Amazon works perfectly. You  don't need much more.So far, this has been impressive, and a steal at $190. My daughter's friends love it too, even those with iPhone 4s and the AT&T; Samsung smartphones. This is just enough different that it defies direct comparisons. I'll keep everyone posted. I DID buy the Squaretrade drop & spill coverage.

i just got this phone less than 24 hrs ago  already hooked up and running very happy so far, the phone feels well built and sturdy lots of features  very bright display if your on a budget like me who want to look uptodat in the phone world get this  phone, i am happy so far  but we all know how the phone world is as the new one come out the old becomes a thing of the past. but over all very nice and easy phone to operate , ps get a phone case you dont wanna drop this device it has some weight to it.

If you just need a touch smart phone in a low budget, this will be your right choice. cannot be compared to the new smart phones in the market as they are super fast and much better. The display is really super and attractive and the touch is good. It has a little lag on the initial touch but after that it is smooth. Cons: I don't see any upgrades to the OS available.

I'm used to Android Froyo (it's on my Le Pan tablet) so there wasn't much to get used to. The phone is fully unlocked and all functions are available out the box. Another good thing is that it's not too large as the other phone and does not need "sort of" tablet accomodations to move about with it. It's also not as small as some other Android smartphones whose screens are difficult to manoeuvre due to their size.

don't buy this item, it don't have Android update. dell don't want to spend money on it. the dell fans been post request but dell just ignore it.

This is simply one of the best bargains you can get on the net. The phone is brand new for an amazing price from Yellow Deals. The best part about buying the phone was dealing with Yellow Deals, they are professional and dedicated, amazing customer service. Once I contacted them about having to travel overseas earlier, they kept me fully informed about the logistics of shipping the phone, they even shipped overnight for me. They have a lady, Jessica in customer service, who is as good as it get in professional customer service.The phone, is great all around, not sure why Dell is not venturing full speed into this market. Only negative comment is that the camera is not the best in the dark, in good light it takes great pics, but without good lighting, not great. Still you're getting Galaxy SII & Infuse capabilities for less than half the price. The phone is chique and classy, got 2 of them.If you want a gsm unlocked phone, order this one worry-free! If you want a great customer experience, go with Yellow Deals.

Got the phone about 2 weeks ago and it has been working well with T-Mobile. Not the best phone out there, but you get a lot for the money for an unlocked GSM phone. Biggest flaw I noticed (anyone else see this happening) is that all the pictures taken with this phone get incorrectly geotagged - the West coordinates are incorrectly tagged as East, so pictures taken in the US are tagged in remote places in China?! I wish there was a fix for this, but I have a feeling this device has been abandoned by Dell - I'm not expecting a patch anytime soon.

Solid phone, but there's a bit of a learning curve to get used to.Pros:fast processing, solidly built, good battery life, clear pictures, good phone qualityCons;this is my first android phone, but compared to the iphone, it is much less intuitive.  Adding contacts, finding voicemails/texts is cumbersomeThere's a noticeable delay in snapping photosApps and functions are dumped into the same field.  Not organized in any intuitive way.I wanted an unlocked phone so I wasn't stuck with an expensive data plan and use Pay as you Go with ATT instead.  I wanted to use the smart functions using the Wifi only, but I learned fast that there's random data service charges for various updates and alerts.  I highly recommend disabling data access over the mobile network right away.  You can always enable it when you really need it, e.g. in a pinch for directions while on the road.Overall, it's a good value with all the functionality of the high end smart phones, but it takes some getting used to.

Looking for a nice looking smartphone, that works well and is not costly?  Look no further. This phone delivers. It does what it need to do and has an excellent camera in my opinion. All in all it's worth buying.

El tel&eacute;fono es genial! El &uacute;nico problema que le he encontrado es la limitante de actualizarlo a una versi&oacute;n mas reciente de Android. En Venezuela funciona en 2G para Movilnet y Movistar y en 3.5G para Digitel.

I always had my eyes on Dell Streak 5 and thought that was the bom until I read and purchased Dell Venue Andriod. OMG this is a phone to get. Believe you me when I say so because I have great love for gadget and  I know what am talking about.

This phone truly has everything I want: great camera, wonderful sound/speakers, crystal clear screen, and super fast. I couldn't be happier with it.

I really love this cell phone. it is easy to use and the battery life time is just perfect.i am addicted to this phone and cant just put it down

I really like the way the phone works, feel, sound and the wait.I hope to upgrade it to a new android version one of these days.

its a good phone, tis has a good sistem operative, good camera, its has a big screen everything is good

Is a wonderful phone. Includes a 16gb sd memory expandable to 32gb and has 1gb of internal memory. The camera takes very good pictures and video Is a fast phone with a 1ghz processor and 512 RAM memory. Comes with Wifi and bluethoot. 3G works perfectly. No complains. Recommended for people who like big phones because its screen is 4 inches.I use it in Venezuela.Regards
