
So, this was the first android phone that was able to lure me away from my old iphone.  Basically...it does what its suppose to.  And given that its suppose to do a lot, that's saying something.  I like it.  But, I don't love it.  Here's why:1.  Battery Life.  This thing sucks energy unless its off.  Which means, if I want to be able to use my phone all day without charging it, I have to turn it off for 2 or 3 hours during the day.  Even if its just SITTING THERE ALL DAY, you'll try to make a phone call at 4:30 pm and find that the thing is almost dead.  On the weekends, I'll often find that in the late evening, my phone...which I hadn't used all day, mind you...is completely dead.  A modern phone really shouldn't do this.2.  Same problem with every droid phone...hate the curated Apple concept all you want, but I really have come to hate the fact that a good 2/3 of basic apps I had on my iphone truly SUCK now that I had to get them for the droid.  And I'm not talking "cool" or frivolous apps either...I'm talking banking apps, the zipcar app, newsfeed apps...clearly, they paid the apple develops good money to make simple but flawless apps, because Apple made them do it.  With the droid versions...constant hanging, won't start, claim there's no connection even when I'm on wifi...I barely use my apps anymore for productivity.  BECAUSE THEY SUCK. Oh...but the games?  They seem to work fine. I miss my curated apple app store.  So...this isn't the fault of the phone.  But if you are choosing between a droid and a iphone, this isn't an insignificant problem.3.  Bloatware.  I shouldn't have to root my phone in order to remove a blockbuster app.All these annoyances are not dealbreakers.  I didn't take the phone back, did I?  But, for someone who has been waiting 3 years for a decent droid phone, the bionic isn't quite the luxury model I was hoping for.  Its great that you can do all kinds of really cool stuff with it...but when the apps don't work and the phone goes dead by late afternoon...its hard not to wish that they hadn't simply gotten the basic smartphone functions taken care of and left some of the cool stuff out.

I am very disappointed with the phone. I like the features, and felt it would offer a significant improvement.Problems:Contacts: Freezes when I perform a search. Slow for me to scroll (I only have 450 contacts or so).Email App: Exchange integration is still poor. You will need to spend another 20.00 for an app that integrates and provides full features (apple and msft offers better options)So, if you want a phone to watch netflix and surf the web, buy it. If you need to make calls, search, and use exchange, pass it.I need help, will return my phone and look for another option...

This is my first 4g phone and my second smart phone. I went from the of DROID to the bionic.ProsSpeed. 4g, dual core, and 1gb memory make this thing blazePrice. I got the phone substantially cheaper than the razr or the galaxyBuild. Feels sturdier than the galaxy and it fits better in my hand than the razr and I could get an extended battery which you can't with the razr as of yet.ConsBattery. You need the extended battery. With the extended battery i can get about 1.5 days of moderate use(calls, 4g surfing, texting) with the stock I wasn't making it through the day. Since I haven't used the other phones for an extended period of time I can only assume that their stock batteries are just as bad.Gorilla glass.. Not a huge con, but you need a screen protector. I had my og DROID for 2+ years and managed to get only 1 scratch on it. I had this for a month and already scratched it. I believe the razr has the same gorilla glass on it. The glass on the og DROID was much betterI've read people's complaints about the 4g going in and out but fortunately I haven't had this problem. Might have more to do with location than the phone.

I thought I did my due-diligence before purchasing the Bionic, but I am so disappointed in this phone, I am shocked.  All the reviews I read raved about it, but so far all my surprises have been negative.  First, the screen, compared to other phones is really ugly.  The colors aren't bright, and you can always see a little grid on the screen so it is never truly clear.  Compared to the iphone or the thunderbolt, it comes up way short in that department.  I was so excited to try out the hd camcorder and the 8 MP camera this weekend, taking films and photos of my baby nephew.  When we uploaded the videos and watched them, I was shocked.  The color is bad, washed out, and the frame rate must be terrible because I've never seen jumpier footage.  You'd need a tripod to get a decent video with this thing.  Likewise, the camera takes a long time between when you try and take a photo, and when it actually snaps, so trying to get a good photo of children, animals, or anything that moves probably isnt going to happen.  If you use the zoom at all, the pictures come out comically grainy.  The very first night I used it, it crashed while trying to load up web-pages, and then the next morning, even though I had put it on airplane mode overnight and had charged it before bedtime, it had lost all charge and would not recharge.  I had to pop it open and pop out the battery and put it back in.  I havent had the problem with webpages crashing as much since then, and it has held its charge pretty well as long as i turn off data receiving when not using the internet since then, but now I've discovered the wonderful headphone whine feature of Bionics.  If you try to use headphones with your bionic, anytime you try to play a video or music it will put out a quiet but extremely annoying whine.  If the music or video is loud, then you wont hear it, but anytime it gets quiet it is there.  This is apparently a problem with all Bionics.So, anyway, I've only had it for five days, but so far I would give the Bionic a very low score for the camera, the camcorder, the screen clarity/vibrance, reliability(it crashed within the first few hours I had it) and for the wonderful glitch that you get an annoying audio whine anytime you use headphones.  Never been so disappointed in a phone.  I don't think I'll ever buy anything Motorola again.  Oh yeah, also, I'm coming from an HTC phone and now I really appreciate HTC Sense.  I never had a hard time figuring out how to do anything on the HTC, on the Bionic, everything is difficult.  Things I took for granted, like figuring out how to turn off the mobile network when not using the internet to save battery life(without going on airplane mode, because what good is a phone if you cant receive calls?) are extremely difficult.  I would definitely recommend waiting for the Vigor, as HTC sense is way more user-friendly, and it will likely have the positives of the Bionic(dual-core processor speed) and hopefully a decent camcorder, camera, screen, and without the headphone bug.

This phone should not be purchased by anyone. There are many factors why. I will not get into detailed reasons so I will just list the main reasons. The factors lead to a major headache and bad user experience.- When you have headphones in, there is a high pitched whine. This is a known issue.- The quality of the headphone jack is terrible - if the phone is moved (in your pocket for example) it will shut the sound off until you unplug and re-plug the headphones back in. This is a known issue.- The phone will reboot itself a couple times a day. This is a known issue.- The phone may or may not come back on unless you remove the battery. This is a known issue.- The phone drops data connection at least 10 times a day. This is also a known issue.- The camera is almost unusable. It takes around 5 seconds to actually take the picture once you hit the capture button.- The picture quality of the camera is much worse than other phones with worse hardwareThe good:- 4g speed is nice- The processor is quickThe neutral:- The battery life sucks, but with a dual core processor and a 4g antenna, you should expect that going in. No complaints.Bottom line is that you should steer clear of this phone - The pros outweigh the cons.

I had the Samsung Galaxy S 4G from Tmobile for 6 months but had to change to Verizon so chose the Bionic 4G.  I plan on sending it back with in my 30 day period for the Galaxy Nexus S which is set to release in early Nov.Phones constantly loses internet signal causing you to reboot in order to regain access.  Take 1 minute on average to get connection to Verizon when booting phone, not to mention Motorola's 1 minute software boot.  I am your average cell phone user and the battery won't last more than 7hrs MAX.  Also the phones weight is miss proportioned, top end is bulky and heavy.

this phone is awesome! I waited for nine months for it to come out. It was well worth the wait. as far as the battery life.... GET OVER IT PEOPLE!! its a dang smartphone. And 4g at that. just expect it, get a car charger and its fine. 4g eats battery mostly because it searches.for signal frequently, if you dont like it change to 3g. anyway. perfect phone, will do everything you need and FAST!

I love this phone - I hate to give it 3 stars. It's worked great for me except for one MAJOR issue. The Bluetooth capability is crippled. I use a Plantronics Discovery 975. About 50% of the time, when I use a voice command through my Bluetooth earpiece, it crashes the phone. It either fails to respond until I turn off the phone and re-start it, or on several occasions has re-booted the phone all by itself. I took it back to Verizon today, and they said there are many issues being worked on for an update. I hope so.In hopes that there was some incompatibility with the headset, I purchased a Plantronics Voyager Pro Plus. Same result - phone periodically freezes and refuses to respond after I've used a voice command. On at least one occasion I've had to remove the battery to re-boot the phone.I've had zero other issues with the Bionic other than the inability to reliably use Bluetooth. But that's a major showstopper. Would I recommend the phone: well, kinda... with hesitation. If they fix the Bluetooth issue, it would be as close to perfect as I have experienced in a phone.

This phone is definitely an iphone 4 killer, the amount of power in its dual core processor and ram is just unbelieveable, apps just work wonderfully.

Good device.  However, it does have some pretty buggy parts.  Also it will suck down data like crazy--you have to get a BIG data plan and that's expensive.  The biggest complaint I have is that it does NOT have 16gb internal memory as is claimed.  It has 8gb.  8 is OK but lying about it is not!

I've had the Bionic now for about 2 months and there are some things that I would have liked to know so I'm sharing them with you.First you need to understand I am a huge fan of Verizon and the LTE network. It is faster than my home DSL and normally peaks at 20+ MBps down and around the same up. In fact, I find that upload is sometimes faster than download. This is super important, because paired with the best ping in the industry, this means that gamers and those who need instant feedback to online tasks will have the best experience possible with Verizon's LTE.The Bionic was the most powerful Verizon phone at the time of launch. The dual core processors make the phone fly. Screens load instantly and you can run half-a-dozen apps at the same time no problem. Together with the network, this would make this phone almost unbeatable.But Motorola dropped the ball. If this were a PC running Windows, I would expect these issues to be a registry issue. I'm not sure what the deal is here since this is not a known issue for Android. What happens: Programs on the Bionic that are moved to the SD card disappear. Sometimes when you go to reinstall it at the Marketplace it will say the program is installed but it isn't on your phone any more and you have to reinstall it. Even with the update last month, December 2011, the Bionic still loses programs, although less frequently. This is a big issue for those of us who want to install a ton of programs. And since Amazon gives away a free app a day not using your SD card can fill up your phone quickly. No word as of this review on when this will be fixed.Another thing I think you should know: while the Bionic has HDMI out many programs will not work with the stock HDMI program and you'll have to install another program and fidget to get them to play. Apps like NFL Mobile and HBO Go need Xternal Display for non-rooted phones. First plug in your HDMI cable and let the phone software load your phone to your TV. Then run Xternal Display and then try the programs you want. If it doesn't work, redo everything. It will work, but the advertised HDMI out isn't out of the box functional with all programs. NOTE: Xternal Display says it is for the Droid X2 but it works on this phone, which is really a smarter, younger brother.Overall, this is a great phone and I'm happy with it. But a glitch needs to be fixed and you'll have to use a work around to get HDMI working.

After a horrid experience with the Samsung Fascinate (a lengthy story in itself), thanks to a compasionate Verizon, I ended up with the HTC Droid Inc 2.  Not a bad phone, but I was not happy with the HTC interface.  Suprisingly, being the primary line on the family plan, I got an early upgrade and headed to the Verizon store.  While the salesman tried to talk me into waiting a few more weeks for the new iPhone 5 or the new Samsung on the horizon, I love android and decided to stick with it and have vowed never to buy another Samsung phone again (they proved to me they don't care about their consumers and thank goodness Verizon does).  Enter the Droid Bionic!There was only one left in the store (authorized Verizon retailer with great customer service), and the owner took his time explaining some of the bugs that have come with the launch of a brand new product.  I knew that it could never be as horrid as what I had just gone through with the Fascinate so I made my purchase.  Brought the phone home, plugged it into the wall charger (as per the store owner's instructions not to use a car charger on the first complete charge) and waited impatiently to play.  About an hour later it was good to go.  My apps were restored from google, my contacts came through from backup asst., and the set up was quick and painless.  I live in a 4g area and I define my phone usage as light to medium.  I make about an hours worth of calls a day.  About ten to twenty text messages.  I check three email accounts on a 4 hour sync schedule.  I play about an hour and a half of word games.  Use wi-fi for about 4 hours, blue-tooth for an hour, take one to two pics to send about, and just mess with the settings for about 20 minutes getting used to the new interface.  That is my average phone usage day, and I am here to tell you, that one week later, my battery life has been great.  I purposely put it through a couple complete charge cycles the first three days, and now I haven't charged it in 2d 1h and 32m and am at 30%.  I definitly cannot complain.  I have had no activation issues, no dropped service with the 3g/4g exchange, great reception, fast data, loud speaker, and nice camera.  Yes, lemons do make it to the market, but I definitly didn't get one.Now, bonus for Ford owners who rely on their Sync, as I do, Bionic works great with your Ford!!!  I have a 2010 Ford Edge and the Bionic is fully funtional with your Sync system including text message read-out and reply!!!  Way to go Motorola, this is a big plus in my book!I haven't used the Zumocast app yet, and am excited to give it a try.  Streaming my audio/video files directly from the computer will be great.  Waiting for a little chunk of time to play with this feature uninterrupted and just haven't gotten to it yet.  I will be sure to update this when I get to it.Overall, the Bionic has been wonderful for me!  Even the screen is good, so don't let the reviews scare you away on the screen resolution and pixel quality.  The screen protectors themselves make even amoled screens look pixelish too.  I hope this helps someone with their purchase decision.  Thanks again, Verizon and Motorola, for taking care of your customers and putting out great products!

I'll start off by stating that I WAITED for this phone.  I read its announcement at CES 2011 and waited for it.  It took much much longer than I thought it would to be released, and when it finally was, I was there at a Verizon store that morning, but now that I've had it and used it for the better half of a month, I feel comfortable saying that this phone was definitely worth the wait.  Before this phone, I've had all sorts of phones; iPhones, Androids, smartphones, dumbphones, Motorola, Sony, Samsung, LG, Nokia....  I can go on and on, but I bring this up just to say that I do have experience with many different handsets and OS's.  But back to my Bionic.....First, the physical aspect of the phone:  It's thin and trim, but it has a good solid build to it.  More plastic than some previous Droids, but it doesn't feel cheap in the least.  It's got a good weight to it and feels snug and right in the hand.  I've heard from a few people that the placement of the volume rocker and power button is awkward and takes some getting used to, but not for me.  I'll admit that there were a few times in the beginning when setting this phone into its dock that I'd overreach and accidentally hit the power button, but only for the first few times.  Another gripe about this phone I've heard was its screen.  Some people say they see heavy pixelation in the screen; that because it's a Pentax screen, you can see the pixels and so on.  I'll admit that even though this screen is not as crisp as the iPhone 4, it is still a gorgeous screen.  I have perfect vision with no need for corrective lenses, and for me to see the pixelation, I have to have the screen at an uncomfortably close distance to my eyes.  The colors are vibrant, the pictures are clear, and best of all, this screen is easy to see in natural sunlight.The speed of this phone is out of this world.  It is faster than any phone I've ever had.  You can literally run program on top of program on top of program, and this bad boy DOES NOT bog down.  I've got apps running in the background all the time while I'm surfing the internet and playing music, and this phone can take it with ease.  The bigger screen really makes good use of some of the HD games in the marketplace.  Reading my Kindle books on this is a breeze.  Watching Netflix is a delight.  I've never experienced any kind of lagging or choppiness.The speakers are nice and loud.  I love watching movies and listening to music on my Bionic.  When I'm stuck in waiting rooms or bored and away from home, I watch a few of my favorite shows to kill the time.I've added widgets to pretty much every page of my homescreen, and it did not bog my system down in the slightest.  My boyfriend who is an absolute iPhone fanatic played with my phone last night and had a hard time getting used to the widgets.  It's a completely different experience from iOS, I know.  And it's not for everyone, but it's definitely for me.Battery life is pretty good considering all the apps and 4G I have running all the time.  I dock my Bionic every night and with moderate to heavy use, I can expect about a day's charge out of it.  If you plan on being out all night, however, I do suggest you invest in a travel charger or extended battery.  Me personally, I haven't needed one of those yet, but again, I'm able to charge mine every night.The optional accessories are also a must with this phone.  I bought both the standard and HD docking station as well as the car dock.  The HD dock stays in my living room next to my 40" LCD and from that I can pipe through my Netflix or Webtop.  The standard dock stays in my bedroom and makes for a good customizable alarm clock as well as stereo if you have a set of speakers to plug into the AUX input.  When needed, my car dock serves as a perfect little GPS with all my contacts readily available as well as the awesome Google Navigation where you can just speak your address and get easy turn-by-turn directions.This phone does have a few cons, albeit small ones, and not nearly serious enough for me to even begin to regret this purchase:  The price is a tad steep.  Considering the price of all the other available handsets on the market, this one was pretty steep, even for a new customer like me.  The add-ons are also on the expensive side, and that makes it hard to consider purchase.  Even though I love the docks I bought, I did not love the price I had to pay for them.  I personally haven't noticed any of the reported bugs that have to come to light with this phone (knock on wood) so I can't speak to those.Verizon is a great service.  A little pricier than some, but coming from Sprint, T-Mobile, and most recently, AT&T;, Verizon is the best for me.  Their customer service seems friendlier, their coverage is superior, and they offer the best Android phones.The Bionic isn't for everyone, though.  It definitely takes some getting used to and is geared toward those who maybe like to tinker with their gadgets more or want a highly customizable experience.  It's night and day from the iPhone, and most non-Droid phones, for that matter.For me, this Bionic will be the last phone I buy for a while.  I haven't been this satisfied with a cell phone in literally years.  I've hopped from service to service, phone to phone, for years.  But I'm quite confident that I won't be doing that with this one.  There is just so much this phone has to offer.  I haven't been able to stop playing with it yet.

Like some of the reviewers here seem to be, I am not a "techno droid" I actually have friends and go outside once in a while. That being said, I just wanted a phone that can make some calls, text and maybe go on the internet sometimes.  "This phone"...and I hesitate to call it that...can barely make a phone call without hanging up on the call...or shutting off by itself..For texting..it always says..message sent..but often times does not send it.  I live in Phoenix and the coverage is supposed to be very good...except for this phone.  The 3g and 4g connections are a joke and VERY slow.  My old LG phone worked everywhere..not this thing..Cause usually battery is has died...seems to only last about 6 hours or so.  Also...this phone gets very HOT..at least for a phone anyway. I suspect this is what is causing many of the problems. This thing does have a nice display and a good camera...but what I wanted was a phone that works..I'm not trying to make the next Mission Impossible. (By the way, if they use this phone...forget the mission)Another annoying feature, this thing has too many apps that are running all the time...and many of them, the user cannot delete...So, even if you can't make a call..rest assured....everyone else in the world knows what you are up to.So..if you want a phone that looks nice, costs a lot and makes a good paper weight..The Droid Bionic is the phone for you.  One last little thing for some of the reviewers of this phone...How can you possibly have the time to review and write 10-20 paragraphs on this thing...(unless you really work for Motorola  Staying in your room forever and playing with your "phone" and video games does not change the fact that this phone...the Droid Bionic...is VERY confusing to use and better off living in the box it came in...

I purchased this phone a little over a month ago from Radio Shack. My previous phone was the Droid 2 and I was waiting a long time for a new phone. I finally decided on the bionic for 2 main reasons. The larger screen and the 4g service. I purchased one for myself and one for my girlfriend.The first few days I was very happy. The 4g is incredibly fast. Netflix streams awesome and is a great time killer. Youtube videos are in HD and the picture is great. The larger screen is much easier to view than my old Droid 2. One of the apps that come preloaded is Zumocast. I saw some reviews and decided to try it. Very cool. You can access your home computer files including pictures and itunes from your phone. Very cool. The phone seems very snappy changing from app to app and different screens.Soon after using it a few days I noticed it would switch from 4g to 3g frequently and then to no data. I would use airplane mode or restart the phone and data would start again. It was a little annoying at first. After a few weeks of the problem I called verizon and a tech said he had never heard of the problem but ran a few tests and decided to send me a new phone. Now After one week with the new phone I am having more problems than ever. I have googled this and see this is a very big problem in different areas.I realize this is a newer item and sometimes there are bugs but after shelling out hundreds of dollars on new phones and over a month of glitchy data service I am very upset. I am paying over $200 a month for phones with data and never know when the data will work.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------update from 12/21/2011I received the big software patch that was supposed to fix all the problems. The phone is now better than it was but still loses data and battery seems to drain much faster. The camera seems to work better then it did and focuses faster. I am very disappointed with this purchase and I am considering switching my service to another carrier since verizon does not have a fix for me and I do not want to pay full retail for another phone.Text and phone calls still work fine. Just no internet or apps that require a data connection.Please google search the bionic data problem before making the purchase yourself.

I Have had my phone for 12 days and it refuses to connect to the internet several times a day.I have talked to tech support and gone back to the store twice. Each time I get a different answer. No one has come up with a solution. An upgrade is due in November but I have not seen in writing this will be fixed. What good is fast if your phone is taking you nowhere?Motorola or Verizon needs to come clean about this and offer a fix. Taking the battery out and starting over or shutting down only works for a few hours and then the problem is back.

I purchased the phone the day it was released, within two days it was replaced because it couldn't hold a charge. The phone itself has all the bells and whistles but it's been plagued with data connectivity issues, it was working fine for a while and now it's a disgrace that I'm paying for a data plan that daily has no connections. Until 4g is perfected I would say stay away from the Verizon Bionic!! Go on line and review the complaints about the data connection before purchasing.

Lost of connectivy,disappearing apps,camera lag,have to reboot seven or eigth times to get apps back,screen will go black at times worst phone that I have ownedwill never buy motorola again

Love this phone, this is the world's thinnest smartphone.  Slim, light, and fast.Comparing this to an iPhone 4S, the Droid Razr is like 1/3 the size, feels so good in my pocket, it's like I can't even feel my phone!Other than that, 4G LTE is super fast, I've got it to tether for free on my grandfathered unlimited plan, faster than my home Comcast internet.Simply love it, amazing.

If you travel and use your cell phone to wake up, consider that this phone will not alarm in either sleep mode or full power off.  Full power off is understandable, but not functioning in sleep mode seems ridiculous.  Alarm only works when the phone is left on.  Apparently, the simple functionality my 5 year old Blackberry had seems a bit too much for the designers of this phone.

This is probably the second best phone I have ever owned.Cons:1. Way too big (Small hands? Probably shouldn't get this one!)2. To add an icon to the home screen you have to manually select add to home. (Not really a con, more of an annoyance, 1 step thats really not needed.)3. When plugging into computer, my web browser automatically went to VZW.com (Fixed by adjusting settings of the Motorola drivers. (Again just an annoyance.)4. This is something your going to run into with any Smartphone these days, but this one came with A LOT of bloatware! And I mean a lot! I was able to delete it all but still. Verizon, stop forcing your software upon us! If we really wan't it we will download it ourselves!Pros:1. Wicked fast! I was getting 23Mbps download speeds at work the other day!2. The dual-core CPU is amazing, haven't had any problems with lagging or locking up.3. The front facing camera wasn't something I thought I would ever use till I got it. Now I video call people all the time! And now me and my roommate can video call each other and leave one of our phones pointed at the tv so when we are playing COD Nazi Zombies and we want a ciggarette we can go outside and watch the tv to make sure that last crawler doesn't kill us!4. Having the large screen is nice for watching videos and browsing the web. But I would still rather have a phone that had the power of this one, in the size of my HTC Incredible.Of course the pros outweigh the cons 10 fold but this phone is truly amazing. The only thing preventing a 5 star rating is the overall size of the phone. But I'm slowly but surely getting used to it. And I'm sure anyone can.

For the record, I have used many phones over the years.  A lot of the devices focus too much on features and very little on functionality.  I prefer phones that meet 3 basic criteria:1: Can last at least 18 hours with regular data usage, including web, email, and Market.2: Are physically attractive, feel good to the touch, and are not clunky to use.3: Can make and receive calls when needed, which isn't often, but still.The Droid Bionic meets objectives 1 and 3.  It doesn't do so good with objective #2.  But before I get to that, let me give you some background on the device.The Droid Bionic is actually quite a bit tardy.  It was scheduled to come out at least 3 months ago, but got delayed and nobody really understood why.  Various leaks showed specs that admittedly were not impressive compared to others such as the Droid X2, but the Bionic has the singular distinction of being the first dual core 4G LTE smartphone on the market.  Additionally, the base specs of the Bionic were stronger than most other dual core phones in the arena.  It was speculated that Verizon temporarily passed on the Bionic so as not to cut into potential sales of the Apple iPhone 4, which it started carrying some months ago, but that's never been confirmed.On the surface, the Droid Bionic does not look any more impressive than any of the other Motorola Droid phones.  It bears a striking similarity to the others in general form factor, if not a little bit smaller, but it's the internals that make it stand out.  Featuring a dual core 1GHz processor, 1 GB of RAM, 4GB of application storage, 8GB of internal memory, and an included 16GB SD card, this phone is packed to the gills with power.  It seamlessly runs the 2.3 Android Gingerbread operating system.  There is also a front-facing camera capable of decent shots in daylight, and a rear-facing camera that shoots at 8 megapixels with automatic focus and lighting adjustments.  It also can shoot 720p video, and with the SD card, you'll be able to do quite a bit of shooting before you need to buy another card.SCREEN AND BATTERYThe screen on the Bionic is large and fairly bright, but it isn't going to surpass that of the Droid Charge or any other AMOLED screen in terms of contrast.  That's okay, because even at near maximum brightness, the included battery barely breaks a sweat under continuous use.  Coming from the HTC Thunderbolt where one could easily run the battery down 10% in an hour, the Bionic barely shrugged at continuous 4G and WiFi data access, marrying both corporate and personal push email, web browsing, Amazon Cloud Player streaming, Market downloading, and YouTube video watching.  It got to the point where I was purposely trying to get the battery to yell, to no avail.  That's the way the phone battery should be - working FOR the user, not against it ala the Thunderbolt.The newer Gingerbread features some power savings features that likely would help with the Thunderbolt if they ever release it for that device.  There is a battery mode that works similar to the way Windows manages power profiles.  You can even create your own custom profile, which has replaced the old data usage peak/off peak by applying it to the whole system.  You can designate periods of time where your phone will work at peak processing power, and other times where your phone will not, which conserves battery when you're in different locations or situations.  There's also a data saver mode, where you can force applications such as the browser and email to work in a limited capacity (but still do their job) while the saver is on.  Combined with the screen auto brightness, it's really easy to manage power on the Bionic.All that said, I want to tell you that data saver is NOT on, battery mode is on maximum performance, email is push and background data is enabled (I don't leave GPS on though for security reasons).  I have streamed Amazon Cloud Player and YouTube, and I have navigated the Market extensively getting my apps back.  It's been 1 hour since I charged the device and the battery is still at 100%.  That's absolutely insane.  Mathematically, that means the device will still have juice tomorrow even if I don't charge it.  As it should be.Caveat: Motorola's batteries count in increments of 10%, rather than 1%.  So this statement effectively means that with heavy usage, and considering how battery hungry 4G and the screen can be, I was still well above 90% battery an hour later.  This might seem to be overstating, but again, dual core + 4G + bright screen + wafer thin battery + push email + Market downloads + continuous usage?  It's impressive no matter how you slice it.SOUND AND AUDIOSpeaker quality was quite good, though I did notice at louder levels that there was some static distortion coming from the speaker grill itself.  My guess is that the speaker membrane had a difficult time with certain lows; the speaker is definitely cleaner sounding than the Droid Charge, louder than the Thunderbolt, but not quite as rich.  That's partially due to the SRS enhancements found in the Thunderbolt that lend themselves to more distinct bass; the Bionic absolutely spanks every other phone I've heard in general treble and clarity of audio.  You'll hear instruments you didn't know were in your favorite songs.  Mind, the Bionic does feature equalizer settings and presets, but they just can't hold a candle to SRS or even Beats Audio for true "punch".  This may or may not be important to you, but I note it for reference.CALL QUALITY (womp, womp, waaa...)I could only find one true letdown on the Bionic: outbound call quality.  Inbound was fine, because as I said before, the speaker is clear and crisp no matter what you're listening to, but the outbound was just not up to par for a device this expensive.  Obviously the focus these days is on the data experience, but I had hoped that the Bionic would buck this trend.  Sadly it did not: the microphone muffled my voice so badly that even I struggled to understand what I was saying when I heard it played back to me.  This applied whether I was doing straight mouthpiece or speakerphone calling and I'm not sure why it was so bad.  I can only guess that Motorola was attempting to do some noise cancellation and overdid it, or that the microphone itself is of poor quality.  In this day and age of Bluetooth headsets that can make you sound like you're standing in front of a person talking, I found this rather inexcusable given the price point.HDMI ON BOARDThe Bionic also features a mini HDMI port that can be used to mirror the phone's display to an HDMI-supporting device.  I should point out that when I say "HDMI-supporting", I really mean HDCP supporting, because some devices will not accept the input correctly.  Most newer TVs will not have an issue, but some receivers may flicker in and out as they struggle to maintain the HDCP handshake necessary to sustain an HDMI connection.  This isn't a big deal for most people, but some may try to buy the dock or a mini HDMI cable thinking they're guaranteed to stream their Netflix out only to find it not working; that's not the device's fault, and you may need to do some retooling (read: buy newer versions of) your media equipment.CAMERAS AND VIDEOThe quality of the camera is a mixed bag.  The front facing camera is definitely superior to other "Not quite smartphones" like the Xperia Play, but it pales in comparison to others such as the iPhone 4.  It'll do, if you're filming yourself outside or in a brightly lit room, but don't expect photo-realism out of the front.  The rear camera is something totally different: sporting a rather high 8 megapixels, it can give you decent 4x6 prints if you want it too.  Any larger and you'll notice quite a fair amount of noise to the picture; most of the noise is chromatic noise, which means you'll see a lot of what look like "dirty" color speckles when the photo is zoomed in.  You can obviously do post-processing to clean this up, but again, I note it for reference.Where the Bionic does well is with close-up color correction.  Taking photos at a distance yields decent-looking photos, but the problem is that the color correction tends to be a bit much, losing the true intent of the shot.  If I were shooting a lake surrounded by mountains during an overcast afternoon, I might expect that the water is a darker blue or even clear, since it's not reflecting a clear sky.  The Bionic will attempt to "color" the water a little, destroying the moment somewhat.  It's not a deal breaker, and obviously you can do manual corrections, but I do look for a little more intuition out of camera phones if I'm paying for them.This doesn't apply to close-ups: in a close up, you want to capture the moment, but correction becomes even more critical, as there is likely some focal point to the shot and you want it as detailed as it can get.  This is where the Bionic shines - fine details, where it can blur and layer backgrounds with the best of DSLRs.  The image quality isn't going to outdo a $600 camera, obviously, but I was impressed with what I got out of the Bionic in close-up shooting.As well as static photos, you can also do video recording at 720p, up to 1080p.  I would put the quality of these videos somewhere between a FlipCam and the "kinda sorta HD camcorders" you buy for $80 at Best Buy.  The thing to note is that the Bionic will obviously last longer, and comes with the capacity to manage all of the videos you shoot.  Also, depending on what apps you use, you can send videos straight to your DropBox, email/MMS them to a friend, or send them straight to YouTube (this I wouldn't recommend, but you could, ala Zack Ryder).BUILD QUALITY AND CHASSISGeneral build quality was around a 7 out of 10.  While it felt like a solid device - as do all Motorola Droid devices - I was really not impressed with the flimsy plastic back.  The snaps on the bottom especially are just waiting to break with repeated removal to get access to the SD card (which fortunately is not located under the battery as with HTC devices).  It didn't really make the device that much lighter, as according to my scale, it's the exact same weight as the Thunderbolt, whose plastic battery cover is a little less flimsy.  I was also secretly wishing for a kickstand, but I know that would have cut into the $40-$100 docks that they like to sell these days.  I had no complaints about the front of the device though, featuring a very attractive smoked chrome finish and the Corning Gorilla Glass on the screen.  It's mind boggling that they went to such expense for the front, but not the back, of such an otherwise awesome device.  Something else that still confuses me is just how thin the battery is: it's wafer thin, yet somehow has more mAh than other phones with batteries nearly twice the thickness.  Are we nearing battery technology improvement at last?I mentioned early on that the Bionic did actually fail in my second criteria.  That's not a knock on the build quality, rather the design, for being mostly uninspired.  There are some questionable decisions with regard to the shape of the device - it's not conducive to holding it in one hand at all.  Normally, a phone feels better when its back is curved to match the natural curves of one's hand, but maybe I'm unique in that opinion.  Also, when attempting to remove apps or widgets from any of the various home screens, placing the trash at the top seems a very odd design decision.  I can see why it might make sense in some cases, but maybe having the trash in both the top and bottom of the window would have been more practical.  I'm much more comfortable with a bottom-placed trash than a top one.  Obviously I don't do much widget or app management, but just saying.  Also, on a selfish note, I am getting slightly irritated with the tendency towards right-handed phone owners, speaking of the volume rocker.  It's not just Motorola, all of them are guilty of this one, but I generally will just use the on-screen sound manager instead.FINAL THOUGHTSI'm going to go out on a limb and speculate that people considering the Bionic are either (A) Thunderbolt converts or (B) Blackberry holdouts who want 4G but don't like any of the current crop of devices.  The Thunderbolt converts are really going to have to think about the decision: the Bionic definitely has superior battery and is a fast, seamless experience, but the cost is nearly 3 times that of the Thunderbolt for the same 4G signal.  One must ask themselves if the battery boost is really worth $200 more dollars AND a new contract that may remove the previous 5G/$30 package if you do a new agreement.In the end, the Bionic is a solid contender for anyone considering a great device with great speeds.  You'll want to be cognizant and aware of the potential for overcharging due to Verizon Wireless' new data plans and the caps, and the form factor and build quality may be a turn-off for some.  Still, if you're itching for the best on the market, the Bionic is it...for now.

I switched from the Droid Charge to the Bionic recently and I am in love.  The dual core and 4G are fast, sometimes faster than my home cable network!!  I have 4G and GPS on 24/7, and as a moderate user with an average of 400m talk time, 3000 txt messages, and 2-3GB data last month... my battery would last me a full 24h before a charge is required!!!  I am now on the extended battery and it is lasting me about 1.5 days... which allows me to charge every other night.  Compared to the Droid Charge, the Bionic build quality is much better.  Although the Bionic screen is great in the sun, the Droid Charge does have a better screen.  I am very happy with my Bionic.

The other reviews have done a great job describing the phone. For anyone who's thinking of buying this phone here because of the $50 gift card offer, please be aware that it's only for new customers, if you're already a Verizon customer you're out of luck. It's the same with the offer from Verizon ($100 I think), it is only for new customers or those coming from a dumb phone to a smart phone. Super annoying.

I cant even believe it. This thing is absolutely amazing and truely may start a new obsession for me.... it was uprade time for little old me from a gen 1 driod and i surely had no idea what was instore fore me...but man let me tell you a little secret lets just say my wrist hurts...i never knew the shear net surfing capabilities of this thing and hd at that..this thing brings the pain true surfing nasty net flick with the touch of a finger and the wrist of a 15 yrs old boy ... making every bathroom visit a fun filled adventure... and let just say ill never be backed up again...the only thing that could possiably make this phone better is a hand app and a napkit despenser....lets just say ill be investing all my money in motin lotions and wet naps..i heard the bionic 2 will come with a hand warmer....that just happenedside effects-vision loss-fracture wrist-chafing-increase strength in dominate are-hulk like grip-forearms like a turkey leg

I have owned iphone 2g, then the HTC EVO 4G (Sprint)for over a year before trying the Droid Bionic (on Verizon). I have followed the reviews on this phone for a while and I am disappointed for few reasons:-Initially the phone felt small enough to fit in my hands, the 4.3" screen is actually laid more in length/less in width. The phone feels less elegant bulkier, as I use it every day, (a bit on the heavy/blocky side).- The 960-by-540 4.3-inch, PenTile LCD screen dense screen resolution should be in favor of the phone, but for some reason it gives it a grainy display. From the get go you can notice it on the home screen. (HTC EVO 4g was smoother, much sharper).- as a consequence every icon look much smaller on the screen.- Photo and video are really blurry/crappy. Colors are off and blacks look grey at best (despite adjustments).- Also from time to time, I get call with mediocre quality: Sound is muffled, not sharp at all (I used to distinguish the background noise with my EVO). And volume level is a bit weak in noisy environments (speakers are good/sharp thought).- To save battery, yesterday I switched my radio to CDMA only (turned off 4g/LTE). For some mysterious reason after 3 hours or so I could not access cnet, yahoo or even google. Can you imagine that i was close by the Golden Gate park, middle of San Francisco....- Last but not least: Radioshaq sell this phone for $199 (Verizon is $359, and wirefly is best at $149), BUT BEWARE, they will charge you taxes on the phones original price of $800, AND they will try to sell you insurance - Their insurance (does not include theft), instead of Verizon's insurance.My advice:- Keep checking reviews-USER REVIEWS- as the truth will surface (PC mag users are giving this phone a 2 star rating). Don't buy it.- I will try the Samsung Galaxy SII/Epic 4G instead, its dual core is just as good and Samsung makes gorgeous screens(can't go wrong with super amoled). It is also my experience that Sprint has mad solid progress (at least for signal consistency)on their network. Don't be fooled by the 4g adds since not a single phone can be on 4G all day (battery limitations). You will be on 3g most of the time, so screen/interface remains the determining factor for me. Most phones dual core or not can process inputs relatively well. I am not an iphone fan (prefers android) but they did it right.Hope this helps....

When I got this phone, I was impressed by how fast it was and easy it was to use it. I didn't like the fact that it still has apps that Verizon has pre-installed that you can't get rid of. It is indeed true that it takes forever to take a picture which makes it rather comical when your friend is standing awkwardly for a pose for a whole minute and it suddenly takes 3 in a row.A week after I got this phone, the screen wouldn't respond to my touch all of the time. I had to touch the screen several times to get a reaction from it. The Verizon techs told me this is not normal and to reset the phone. I tried to do it from the phone's settings but it just cycled for 3hrs.  They told me that's abnormal and instructed me on how to do a hard hard reset. After that I though it was OK but when I flipped through pictures, it would flicker with the previous picture on the screen.So I got a brand new replacement phone and the picture problem happened again and when I moved the Widgets, they'd stick on a place that is not part of the grid and if it's pulled on top of another Widget, instead of moving the other one down, it will delete itself. So I reset the phone. Same problems but now I can't add my mom as a quick contact (which my boyfriend was very happy about).  Reset again. Same problems but now I can add my mom.  But then I was typing a note on the post-its that come pre-loaded with the phone, the whole thing shuts down and rebooted in the middle of it!  I was also in the city trying to find a restaurant to go to and it took me 30 minutes.  Why? Because it would randomly scroll to the top while I'm reading and when I click on something, it won't  react. Then if I click on something that's a pop-up, it will click on the website's link right behind it! Even typing this review has been hell.So now I have a choice. Either get another replacement or exchange for a new phone. My 30 days with Amazon ends on the day the Droid RAZR comes out so that doesn't work and I'm afraid that if I get my third replacement, it won't work and I'll have to work with Verizon (who I hope doesn't give me a refurbished phone).  I just want this phone to work!!!

I have owned the original Droid, and the Droid X, making me a big fan of Motorola's products.All of that goodwill has been lost with the Bionic. The first area of concern is battery life. Even with the extended battery and pulling the phone off of the charger around 8:30 am, if I didn't plug it in during the day, it would be dead by 7pm.Then I noticed that my phone was rebooting itself 3-5 times a day (this is a generous underestimate, not an exaggeration). Within a week, the screen froze in the "off" state. The phone itself had no locked up because I could still hear notifications, alerts, and phone calls come in, but the screen refused to turn on. The usual tricks of pulling the battery and rebooting the phone did not resolve this issue. The only way to get around this to do a Factory reset. As a power user, this mean 1-2 days (upwards of 8 hours) of reinstalling all of my programs, then getting them all running how I needed them.Given all of the issues I was having, I had the local Verizon store swap out my device for another new one, figuring it had to be an aberration.I am now on my third Bionic in less than 2 months, have had the screen freeze (requiring a Factory Reset) 4 times now. The constant reboots continue, and the frequent data connection losses (mind you I NEVER had an issue with my original Droid or the Droid X) are maddening.Couple this with a MAJOR degradation in the quality of the accessories when compared to previous models (the Droid X is probably the pinnacle of Motorola's build quality it seems) and Motorola has lost a loyal customer.If you are considering this generation of smart phones, I would strongly suggest you take a serious look at the HTC Rezound or wait for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus to compare these devices instead of the Bionic. I haven't had this level of frustration with a device since the Windows Mobile phones going back 4-5 years.

Bionic is exactly accurate. We can make it better than it was before. Better, Stronger, Faster. Far & Away the best phone I have ever owned and I have an iPhone4. I have owned this phone for 2 weeks now.For those of you with battery life issues, try the free app called "dataswitch" It allows you to shut off all data to the phone while still receiving text and voice. Battery life on std. battery is 4 days. Extended battery is 5-7 days. Unless you're a CEO you don't need to be connected to the 4G network while the phone is in your pocketIf you love the NFL (who doesn't?) NFL Mobile is free to all Droid Bionic users. Stream the Sunday Night game and Monday Night game plus NFL Network. It's amazing and video is so clear, you'll think you're watching it in HD. 4G LTE network is blistering fast. Browsing is as fast or faster than most home ISP's.Saw one person review he has screen or color issues? My guess is he/she has the brightness turned down. No screen or color issues here. Easily control the brightness with the power option in settings. I placed all the options on one of my desktops for easy access.A fantastic phone. Be patient and learn how to use it, I can't see myself with another phone for at least 1.5-2 years. Thank you Motorola and Verizon!

There are numerous Bionic reviews available from many sources. The awesome Bionic specs speak for themselves. Motorola designed the Bionic with performance in mind and delayed the release for months until they considered it configured for speed for users.When I first received my Bionic as an upgrade from the Droid X, I was initially disappointed that the screen appearance was not the same because of the PenTile LCD on the Bionic. It appeared to be more grainy and the icons were not as large. Overall, the Bionic has better resolution, richer colors and better contrast/brightness. I now consider the Bionic's screen preferable once you get used to it.There is a simple solution to the battery power issue. Buy the OEM Motorola extended battery (with case back) and get an extended battery protective case while you are at it here on Amazon. Even with the larger battery and case the Bionic is an acceptable size and weight.The Bionic is extremely fast and is a wonderful upgrade from slower Android devices. I consider the Bionic a "poor man's" Razr and performs just as well and has equivalent features.The camera and video perform well with 1080p HD quality. However, this is not a replacement for a good digital camera.Did I say the Bionic is lightening fast?The Bionic is highly recommended and there are now good deals to purchase one.

I am not just an "average joe", I know a lot about cell phones, 4G, and battery usage. Please read the following review and decide if the Bionic is right for you. I highly recommend it, but you have to know its battery limitations.This truly is the best 4G phone out to date. The main issues with 4G phones is battery life. With 10.8 hours of talk time, this far outshines the HTC Thunderbolt that only gets 6.3 hours of talk time. Caution!... Depending on where you live (i.e. the 4G signal that you get consistently), your battery life will vary greatly. When your phone switches back and forth from 4G to 3G, it drains the battery considerably. If you have weak 4G (most everyone), it will switch a lot. I owned the Thunderbolt and got slightly more than 6.3 hours of usage (with mild usage... not heavy). This is because, even though you aren't using your phone, it is switching 4G/3G and thus being used. What this means is that you never really go into standby mode, and so talk time will equal usage time. So you should expect to get about 11 hours of usage from the Bionic whether you are a heavy or light user (i.e. you may have to charge it during the day to get through an entire day), unless you live in a strong 4G area. As 4G gets more expansive, your battery life will get better. If you force your phone into 3G only, your battery life will be insanely long.A note about JAcura's battery review... he is accurate, but I wanted to clarify it a little. He says that the 1735 is an extended battery, which is true for most phones but not a 4G phone because of the way that 4G uses the battery. He also says that after 3 hours of use, he was at 80%, which is accurate... and at 5 hours he will be at 60% and so on. Thus giving you about 11 hours. So if you unplug your phone at 7am, it will die at about 6pm without charging. And this is under normal use, not heavy use.Aside from the battery, the Bionic is a great phone. Call quality is good, but not amazing. The dual core 1GHz processor and 1GB of DDR2 RAM make this phone very very fast. Coupled with 4G, and you have the fastest phone on the market. It is also the thinnest 4G phone, which I love. The 4.3inch screen is big, but not too big, and it's very sharp (similar to the Droid 3). Camera pictures are great, but a little on the cool (blueish) side. I has a lot of accessories to dock and turn it into a "netbook", but I think most people won't find it useful enough to spend their money on. The HDMI port is great, again for those few that use it. There are a lot of other great features, but most people will just enjoy them without really noticing them (I just stuck to the basics for this review).Cons: I really wish it had dual LED for the camera flash, instead of single LED. I wish it had a better front camera instead of VGA (but in reality, very few people will skype with their phone because it only works well on 4G or wifi and only a handful of your friends will have a 4G phone). Battery life is better than other 4G phones, but it's still not good.Conclusion: If you want 4G (and are willing to deal with shorter battery life), this is the phone to get. However, if you wait until October 6th, the HTC Vigor will be out which will have a dual core 1.5GHz processor, 2meg front camera, and Beats by Dr. Dre. But battery life on the Vigor is unknown and if it's worse than the Bionic, then it's not worth it.

Read reviews and couldn't wait to receive the new Bionic phone that was going to change my life....then it came. Everything worked as advertised except WIFI. I would give the phone 5 stars if the WIFI worked as advertised. 3.5 hours with tech support and in the end the phone has to be replaced. Amazon can't replace phone for two weeks do to short supply caused by "the overwhelming demand for the Droid". Is it just mine, bad luck, or poor quality control? I hate Apple but....maybe a I4S is in my future. I'll let you know.

So I was a Iphone user for two and a half years before I chose this phone. I really love it so far, don't miss my Iphone at all. I know there are plenty of things that show what all this phone has and how great it is but I thought since what I wanted to know before I switched was " What's different than the IPhones?" should be addressed. Yes, I know there is tons more to add to this but this is a good start and honestly I wish I had this all laid out when I was deciding so I knew what to expect and such.Good Differences:You can browse any web page, ANY. Even ones that have flash.You can make your own ringtones. On your phone, with your music.You can sync your entire music library thru wireless/PC with Winamp.You can use HD wallpaper and have it show the entire thing, it's four panels you scroll through.You can use voice features to talk instead of type when texting, for FREE.You can use your phone, not jailbroken, to be a wifi hotspot.NO Itunes needed. Droid can Auto update any and all apps, including itself.A lot of the apps itunes charges for, are FREE in the Droid market.Built in Bluetooth.Access your contacts on your home page with one touch.Use widgets to customize and add personality to your phone.Manage your storage and move things back and forth from the phone and the SD card.Your phone can have anti virus, so you can scan and check anything you download.Can plug into HDMI cable and connect to a TV or computer.Bad Differences:It's a bigger phone, easily an inch taller than an Iphone. While this gives a great screen, it also makes it a thicker phone too.There is no silent mode switch on the outside of the phone. You have to turn it on and it's on the unlock screen.I think that about covers it. I didn't give it five stars only because it is a bigger phone and while the screen being bigger is great, it does take getting use to. I should also mention that this does have a keyboard like the Iphone's do. You touch the entry box and the keyboard comes up at the bottom of the screen. It is a differently spaced keyboard than the Iphone one, but it works exactly the same. I live in an area where I get 4G, it's stupid fast, however you can have it turn it off and save the battery if you prefer. I have read a lot about people concerned with battery usage and life. I used mine pretty much nonstop the first day. I had to plug it in after being so data heavy: v cast music, ringtones, and the droid market and apps. I plugged it in though at about 5 hours, it was at 20%. I think it probably could have handled another half hour but i got paranoid. For just phone calls and just music use this phone has stayed charged for 8 hours or more. So like anything the more you use it, the less battery it will have. If you know you'll need it for a night out, save it or plug it in so it'll be charged for later.I use to be such an anti Droid user. I really didn't understand why all those commercials were like Droid Does. Now I do. There is very little I can't do with this phone and compared to my IPhone it's already amazing. No iTunes, no having to plug it in to the PC unless I choose to. I'm so happy I switched.

it is disappointing to choose the bionic over the iPhone 4 s because of 4G service and then to have a phone with such low in call volume even when maxed out and a horrible camera with a ridiculous lag time and more than half the time takes blurry photos.. does anyone else have these issues!!!???

I guess there is a price to pay for speed. My new phone was fully charged this morning at 7:30. I have been playing with it and getting it setup. However, the battery sucks. I only have 20% left and it's not even noon. So about 4 hr. battery life is not good. This will be returned.FollowupWell I didn't return it (yet) but I'm close. I have lots of connectivity issues. I live in Leesburg (~30 miles from DC) but we don't have 4G. I have fiber to the house but no 4G. In fact as I type this I don't have 3G. My phone often loses connectivity and I need to reboot to get it back. Therefor I've doengraded this to one star.I'm not alone. Go to the forums.androidcentral.com and search for "major bionic issues'

After a while it starts slowing down.  The keyboard can't keep up with users.  Started good, ended slow. They should all be replaced.

Coming from having a Blackberry Storm2 since 2009, the contrast here couldn't possible be more extreme and for the better.From a use-ability standpoint, the phones options are all very intuitive and well designed. Of course, the speed of the phone in booting, running and installing programs is incredible. I live in DC and have excellent 4g service from Verizon nearly everywhere.If your lucky enough to be on a legacy plan with Verizon that will let you keep the unlimited data package, this is a no-brainer. However even if your not, I am  impressed by what this phone does to help keep you under the data cap. There are lots of settings you can configure to keep it from performing data-heavy tasks in the background. For instance you can tell it to only update Facebook when your on a wi-fi connection. It also tells you right on the main screen how much data you have blown through so far. However at the same time, if I wasn't on an unlimited plan I would have already have used up 50% of the 2GB cap in just 2 days. You do also need to be fairly tech savvy to understand and change these settings. As a principle, data-caps are absurd and a total rip-off- but the best solution to this is to have more competition in the industry.Transaction process with Amazon was very smooth, ordered on Sunday and had it on Tuesday. Automatic activation didn't work, but this was solved in a 5 minute call to Verizon. Also was pleasantly surprised by getting a $15 credit from amazon I didn't know about ($5 for android store, $5 for Mp3s and $5 for Kindle)

The phone is fast, feels solid and has many great features, but the sound quality issues are inexcusable on a top tier phone from a company like Motorola.  Everyone I spoke to on this phone complained that they could barely understand me and when headphones are used, there is a constant high pitched whine whether listening to music or making a phone call.

After spending 2 months reading reviews about the Bionic I was finally eligible for an upgrade and I decided to go with the Bionic. Coming from the original Motorola Droid, the Bionic is a huge upgrade. This is by far the FASTEST phone I have ever used. Apps load instantly and the internet fly's. Verizon's 4G network is also insanely fast. I have had the phone for 3 days now and it never leaves my hands.Since I have been following the phone reviews since the phone was released, I was fully aware of all the issues people are having with data loss issues among other issues. I can say that I have not encountered any of these issues with my phone. The ONLY problem I have with this phone is the battery life. You will have to fully charge this phone at some point during the day if you are using it frequently.Overall, I am very happy with the Bionic and I highly recommend it!

I got this phone the first day and am still blown away by the experience. I went from Droid X and I couldn't have made a better choice. The speed is fantastic... this is my first 4g phone and I am in love with it.

I had the Motorola Droid Bionic 4G from Verizon for the 2 week free trial period.  I previously returned their IHC Droid Incredible 2 because I made too many mistakes using its slightly smaller touchscreen QWERTY keyboard.  Same problem with the Droid Bionic, plus I found that whenever I called Verizon Tech Support, the "3" on the dialer keypad would not register.  This was the reason I returned the Droid Bionic 4G.  Verizon was very nice about crediting our account (my wife has the Motorola Droid X with the unlimited data plan, which I could not get as it is no longer offered by Verizon for $30 per month).  I found the the user interface and quality of internet to be much inferior on the Droid Bionic to the ICH Incredible 2.  Also, I found the auto-complete on the Droid Bionic to be more irritating than helpful.  I had Verizon re-activate my Samsung Reality non-android phone.  The data plan for that is only $10 per month and it meets my current needs.  When I want to do extensive internet browsing, I can use my laptop computer using home or public WI-FI much cheaper with less than frustration than a "Smart Phone".  From reviews I have read, the Samsung Galaxy S2 available from AT & T is the best Android phone currently available.  Until Verizon comes out with something better than either of these two phones, I can wait.  Then there is the problem of Verizon bloatware (or crapware) which I can do without. I would have given this phone *** three stars, but figured no one would read it in the middle of the pack, so I gave it only * one star.  But it is actually worth about a 3.5 out of 5 rating

Edited: Oct 8 update, after the original review.I've had the option to upgrade for nearly a year. When I was doing my shopping, I started to realize after the Droid X2 came out that I had to have three items in a phone.They were:1. 4G.2. Front facing camera (for video calls).3. Dual core processor.I also realized I wanted a phone from Motorola. I had the original Droid for a long, long time and Motorola has really come through on delivering solid, nearly unbreakable phones. I've compared them to HTCs in the past, and frankly, there is no comparison.I've seen the pros and cons compared in other reviews, and I think they have it covered. The screen is AWESOME, and Motorola-like durable. The phone is FAST. My old Droid had gotten VERY clugy. The lack of available RAM (I believe the original Droid shipped with 256MB) is totally dwarfed by what the Bionic has (1GB). Installing Netflix was a breeze. I literally had the new movie "Tangled" playing on my phone within five minutes. (I already had a login.)Motorola added some really nice add-ons for this phone. Zumocast is one of the coolest things you'll ever see on a phone. ANYTHING you can play on your PC can play on your phone. That almost makes the phone worth NOT re-doing the ROM on it. Having said that, the ability to ROOT the phone is already out there on various websites. The "modding" community is hard at work, already.Quickoffice - you might pay $10 for a comparable app on the Market (allows you to view Microsoft docs, etc).  Oh, and Motoprint! Another very cool app that allows you to print (wirelessly, even) from your phone, and you could easily pay $5 or more for that type of application.The camera is FAST. I was going a little crazy on my old Droid when I'd miss pictures due to it taking so long just to load the camera app. The video is gorgeous and the available space with the shipped phone (about 30GB) - wow.One last thing - I have a kindle. And the kindle app looks great on this 4.3 inch screen.___________________________________Oct 8, 2011. I've been using the phone now since it launched (almost a month). I hate screen protectors, and I haven't been particularly careful with my phone, and I don't use a case. I usually throw it (like my original Droid) into my carrying bag or a pocket. NO scratches! Yep, gorilla glass comes through again. The phone is just a delight. The back of the phone isn't metal like the Orginal Droid, however, it's got an extremely pleasant texture to it. It just FEELS good to hold.I've never seen this phone (as of yet) reboot on its own, or have a full-system crash. The dual core processor really flies. I've shown the phone to some friends, and invariably they are amazed by it. I have one friend who has the Galaxy S on Sprint, and he's about to change carriers to get this phone. Another friend has the original Droid still and can't print what he says about my phone!Having said all that, my one "con" about this phone, is I have no idea why they moved the buttons around on the bottom. I'm very used to the "back" button being on the far left of Android phones, and for some reason, it's second from the right. That and the power button is on the top left of the phone, and I'm very used to it being on the top right.Also, I had very much wanted to buy the Lapdock for this phone to see if it would double as a laptop for me. However, I've heard nothing but bad reviews about it, so I ended up buying a Toshiba tablet instead. I love my tablet, but I'm a bit disappointed that Motorola struck out again on its attempts at making a good lapdock. (The one for the Atrix, which isn't compatible with this phone, also was not a hit.) The $379 price tag is also a huge prohibiter.One thing I learned about my Droid - wait a few months, like, say, the launch of the next "new thing" before going overboard on attachments for the device. I don't even have the desktop port, since they're hard to find at a discount. However, once the Google phone comes out in October/November, I fully expect the stands and lapdocks, et al, to be drastically reduced in price. I bought the desktop charger/port for my droid for about $12.50 though they originally retailed for $29.99.

While I vaguely wish it had the Droid 3's keypad, I am highly impressed with the speed and responsiveness of the Bionic, especially in comparison to my previous phone (the original Droid).The camera in particular doesn't suffer from the same lag as that I found on the original Droid, and I have yet to notice any pausing or stuttering in processor-intensive apps (Angry Birds had issues for me on the original Droid, but has none with the Bionic). Apps open and close in a snap, and so on.Screen and graphics quality is clear, even if it isn't equal to the iPod, it's quite close! I have not yet been able to test the HDMI port to stream or view media on my HD-tv from the phone, so no comments on that aspect.It's also surprisingly light and I'm quite happy with the weight, though I keep feeling as though it is fragile because of this. I suspect this is mainly due the difference between the heft of my old Droid and the lightness of this one, and not any actual issues of durability.The only particular complaint I have is the old "bloatware" issue: you can't uninstall the preloaded apps you will never actually use (the NFL app--not being a sports guy, seeing the little icon in my drawer and being unable to remove it annoys me--the Citrix app, the VZ apps, and a few others). Yes, there are ways around this, so while it is an annoyance, it's a minor annoyance.Overall, I am highly impressed and quite happy with it!

I needed to replace my original Droid which I purchased the first day it came out. I was very satisfied with it. The Bionic caught my eye in September 2011 but my contract was not up until November. I looked forward to a delightful experience when I bought the Bionic in December 2011. Day 1, I started downloading the apps I had on my prior Droid from the Android Market place. The downloads went smoothly. But none of them installed. I tried to delete one when it seemed to hang up, thinking it was the culprit. Then, the next one, etc. I went to the store after the apps had been sitting in the queue 72 hours. They had to reset all of the software. This from a phone that had been very buggy when it was first released. But, three months later, I was assured all of the problems had been "fixed." Yeah, right. Then, after having this problem fixed, I went on to checking out the WiFi connection. It would connect, then immediately disconnect any selected connection. I found that it was incorrectly defaulting to a particular setting, and unchecked the box. Connection! Yes, but no ability to have the WiFi connection then connect to the Internet. The signal was there, so it was not a problem. This was true at all places I'd previously had no problems with on my prior Droid. I decided the phone was going back. I got the Droid Razr. Voila! From the start, no problems with downloading/installing apps. WiFi connected without any problems from start. I originally did not want to spend the extra bucks for the Razr and didn't like that it had a battery that was not user replaceable. But, Motorola has a battery recharge pack that does the trick without being connected to a power source. So, you can recharge the battery while you're using it. Basically similar to carrying an extra battery. The pack along with the Razr still is no thicker than a traditional smart phone. Both fit easily inside a carrying pouch. Buy the Bionic if you love the features [as I did.] BUT, be sure you check out all functionality before your trial period is up.

Motorola Droid Bionic is a nice phone with plenty of horse power.ScreenThe screen quality is pretty good but looking closer you might see little pixelation and have no match to the Super AMOLED Plus found on the Galaxy 2 devices.ProcessorThe dual core 1GHZ OMAP processor is really fast, the phone is very fast and shows no obvious signs of lag and slowing down.Battery LifeDroid Bionic got a big battery (1750mH), which is the largest on any of the verizon LTE phones, but if you are an power user you might find yourself looking for the charger around 4 O'clock.CameraThe camera quality is not the best in the market, if you own a droid x or x2 then you might know what i am talking about.OverallDroid Bionic is a phone what Droid X2 should have, the months of delay, the total design overhaul; still droid bionic is not the phone we wanted it to be. I think there is better competition out there and droid bionic might not be market leader for long time. if you are waiting on bionic for months and can live with the fact that bionic will not be something you can proud of for months to come then go ahead and buy it.

Well I finally decided to upgrade my original Droid.  I waited out my full two year contract hoping to get a phone that would be noticably better.  I couldnt be more pleased with the Bionic.  The phone blows my Droid out of the water with the speed.  I havent tryed all the features but I have used the headset a bunch to listen to pandora and youtube videos and I hear no whine.  I am not a hard core music guy and just have $30 headphones that double as hands free but dont see the issue others hear.  I was going to wait it out for the Galaxy S2 but it is not coming to verizon and I just decided I wasnt going to get the iphone 5 because I want the bigger screen and alot of my friends have the droid and we play games etc. I live in Chicago and the 4G is pretty much all over and all I can say is WOW.  This phone is fast!Overall very pleased with the phone.  Really glad I upgraded and plan to keep this phone for 2 years.

Well, you've already read all the praises aboot the Droid Bionic, so I won't bore you with more.  I've have mine since just about to the day they went on  sale.  I too, was waiting for the 4GLTE Dual-Core beast.  And yes, coming from a BB Tour was like night and day.I'm very impressed with all the great apps available for android.  The phone itself feels solid and well-built.  I've been very happy with it and (was) getting happier every day.However, comma, here I sit with a replacement phone on my desk.  Maybe 10 days ago, the phone began to shut down.  Since it wouldn't power up, I figured I needed to do the pull the battery trick.  Sure enough, pulling the battery and putting it back in after abut 15 seconds brought the phone back to life.  That was a bit unsettling to me, but no big deal.  Then about 5 days later it happened again.  Given that this phone lives in an Otterbox Defender, getting to the battery is not exactly a snap(more like ten hard snaps).  I did the reset thing again, and again the phone came back to life.Last Friday the phone went down hard.  Pulling/replacing the battery had no effect.  I knew the battery was charged since I do it every night.  Called Tech Support.  They didn't know what to say other than "we're sending you a new one."  The nice tech support lady also suggested taking the phone to the local Verizon dealer to try replacing the battery.I took the Droid to the local Verizon store.  They promptly replaced the battery, which they said had been problematic.  My phone came to life again.  Yay.  Today I came home to a box on the front porch.  It was the new phone.  I considered sending it back, since mine was fixed.Not.  About 30 minutes ago the phone went down again.  I pried the now scratched up Otterbox open and pulled/replaced the battery.  The phone came back on.  But I'm not taking any chances at this point and am glad to see a (like) new phone ready to go.I'd probably give the phone only two stars because I've broken both thumbnails and had to wipe it once already.  But since it's such a great phone otherwise, and the Verizon folks were so great to work with, I'll give it three.PS  Otterbox Defender is a freakin' tank.  It's big and bulky.  But if you really want to protect your phone and want to strap it to your side, the Defender is the way to go.  Provided your phone doesn't shut down too often.

I purchased this phone with high hopes.  I was very disappointed.  It constantly over heated, deleted apps, randomly ran the battery down, it locked up, would hard reset itself.  It was a night mare.  I figured it was just a bad phone, and exchanged it. I went through 4 Bionics and all had the same problems.  The overheating when not in use was the worst.  I really wanted to like this phone but it was a total let down.

I have had this phone for a bit over a month now.  You can get a day out of the battery if you only use the phone as a phone, if you browse the web, use GPS  or WiFi all the time the battery will go down fast.  4G also drains the battery real fast, so if you dont need all that data speed keep the phone on 3G.  This phone also drops data service a lot (waiting for upgrade from Motorola). The phone has a few software issues that I hope will get fixed soon, my phone has had so many problems (I cannot connect to data) that Verizon is sending me a new unit.  I would not recommend this phone.

The Good: Tons of power in your hands, lots of neat software features, tons of syncing options, HDMI port is great, huge display, amazing cameraThe Bad: Sucks battery life quickly, 4G LTE is very limited coverage wise, a bit pricey right nowThe Android family is growing exponentially and feels like a train hurling down the track at 200 MPH with no stop in sight. The whole platform has grown in just a couple of short years with a quality market (and market store front), more quality apps, games, and now the addition of books and movies just makes the Android market feel like something to compete with the App Store. The devices are also really utilizing the system, and thanks to Google allowing open resource development of the platform we get some really great apps and features on the phone that the iPhone, Blackberry, and other phones just can't do.Out of the BoxThe Bionic has a great looking box, but there's not much beyond that. It comes with the standard battery, charger, USB cable, and 16GB micro SD card (cha-ching!) (I'll cry if a phone comes with a car charger). The phone came with a SIM card which is new for Verizon and Droid phones. This is a 4G SIM card and is needed to activate 4G. When you boot it up you can activate like normal, but there's one feature that was enabled on my phone that kept me on the phone with Verizon for over an hour until I scoured the internet myself. A certain little voice privacy feature was enabled that keeps your 3/4G off and for some reason was also enabled on my old Droid. Thankfully disabling this turned my 3G back on, but that wasn't really a problem with the phone itself. Once that's all done you'll notice how fast the phone boots up (there's even a neat Droid Bionic logo animation and sound! Transformers anyone?) So let's go over some of the hardware features.Hardware FeaturesThe first thing you'll notice is the speed of the phone is as fast as a computer. That's the 1Ghz dual core processor running everything for you at lightning speed. Why dual cores? Everything is just twice as fast and let's you multitask like never before without any type of slowdown or lag that you might even get in single core 1Ghz phones. Compared to the iPhone 4S  it's actually faster with an ARM Cortex-A9 processor. Yes, the iPhone 4S does have the save processor type, but it's under-clocked at 800Mhz per core so you're losing about 25% speed over the Bionic unless you jailbreak your iPhone and overclock the processor.The GPU is also slightly faster than both the iPhone 4 and 4S (they both have the same GPU) with a PowerVR SGX540 @ 304 MHz while the new iPhones both have a SGX535 model. The Bionic has faster, and more memory with 1Ghz DDR2 memory which is as fast as a computer while both iPhones still use eDRAM and only have 512 MBs. This means extra speed, faster app switching, and the ability to have more apps open without suffering with slowdown, lag, or crashes.The Bionic also has 8GB of internal memory with the option of SD cards (up to 32 GB), so with the standard model you get 22GB of memory (maxed 40 GB) while the iPhones are stuck with just the internal memory and you have to pay huge dollars for more space. The camera is about on par with the 4S with 8MP and 1080p support that lets you take panoramic photos, super high quality video, photos, and has an excellent flash. The front facing camera is just a 1.3 MP for video calling.The only thing that the iPhone's really trump the Bionic on are the displays. The iPhones have 960640 resolutions with 326ppi and the Bionic has 960540 resolution with 266ppi. It's not much, but it does make a difference when you compare the two. The Bionic does have a huge 4.3' screen which stomps the iPhone's 3.5' screen and is a true qHD screen (true 16:9 ratio) which is perfect for watching movies. The Bionic also has a mini-HDMI port for connecting to your TV and even other high-end phones don't have this yet. The Bionic has a higher contrast ratio at 1000:1 while the iPhones have 800:1. This means it can display more colors and resembles more of a HDTV than a phone display.Software FeaturesWhen you start using the phone you will see it has so many great features over old Android phones and the iPhone and Blackberry. First off let's talk about data management and sharing. The phone now comes with a file manager so you can transfer files from you internal storage to your SD card as well as connect to your computer wirelessly and share files. The phone also supports DLNA which can sync your media via Wi-Fi as upload media to your computer. The phone also gives a few options when you connect to your computer via USB. Instead of just the mass storage device option you get a PC Mode that allows you to connect via a Motorola laptop or installs the Motohelper driver on your PC and let's you access the SD card and internal storage. The software will also show any missed calls, texts etc which is a nice touch.There are some nice pre-installed apps such as the built-in camera apps which give you a good range of options for video and photo, you now have a download manager, and Motoprint which allows you to connect to a wireless printer via W-Fi. There's also a task manager which is very useful to kill stubborn (read: poorly programmed) apps that won't close. It also has a auto-kill list for when the screen goes out for 2 minutes. This helps preserve battery life (you'll need it), but the phone does a good job of doing this on its own. You can turn the phone into a mobile hotspot (remember its extra per month for this feature), plus all the standard apps like the task scheduler, calculator, and alarm are nice.The market has a great store front and has tons of quality games, apps, books, and movies now. The market just allows you to really make the phone your own and reflect your personality and gives you so many options. The phone really has just so many great features built-in that makes things so much easier for transferring data, media, as well as using the cameras and all the nifty hardware.One thing I have to mention is that the games run smoothly on this phone. Using the PlayStation and SNES emulators I can get games to run at 400 FPS with all the quality options enabled. All the high-end 3D games run without a hitch and you will be unstoppable game wise especially if you can switch from a hardware hungry emulator to the browser to check a FAQ, switch back, answer a call, text someone, all without any slowdown, and with all those running in the background.When it comes to the basic phone features it sounds great, the speakers sounds sweet, calls are clear, and typing on the keyboard is easy with the huge screen. You won't miss a pull out keyboard with this phone.It's Not PerfectThe phone isn't perfect however, the battery is probably the biggest issue with this monster sucking it dry within a few hours. Sure you can use battery saving apps and the phone has a built-in battery saver, but if you surf the net a lot, or play games all the time have a charger with you at all times. There also seems to be an issue with the mobile networking because it fades in and out a lot. I'm not sure if that's my area or the phone itself. While 4G LTE is lightning fast (there's a world of difference in speed) its only available in a few areas (mainly big cities) so I don't get it in my area even. By 2013 Verizon said the whole country will get it so we'll have to see. There also isn't a camera button on the phone when a lot of people are used to this. The volume and power buttons are also really small and some times hard to press when you're not looking. Other than that this is an amazing phone and should be bought by every Android lover!

Upgraded from iPhone 3G on AT&T; (ported my old # from AT&T;).  Much much much faster (duh).  Droid takes some getting used to after iPhone, but given my best effort to be objective I have to say it's not as user-friendly.  And built-in apps, many of which you cannot remove, seem to be chosen more based on marketing partnerships than on providing a good user experience.  Fortunately the droid community is helpful, e.g., I'm now using Doubletwist instead of the crappy built-in and Verizon apps.It took Verizon 3 days to port my phone # and get my AT&T; account deactivated, and only then because I called.  The customer service guy actually called the porting department, they told him it was already done, a lie, but miraculously a few minutes later it was done.The phone itself is very satisfactory, but Motorola's documentation is lame.  There is a little green light top right above the screen that flashes seemingly at random and I have no idea what it is.Screen looks great, works great.  Signal is better but not sure if that's Verizon vs. AT&T; or the phone.  WiFi reception seems a little weak.  Have not used the camera yet.  Music sounds good through earbuds, reasonable through the phone's speakers.  I wish the sound controls and sleep button were recessed like on the iPhone, so I don't have to be so careful where I'm grabbing the phone.  I was afraid it would be too big, but so far the size has not bothered me at all.It's kind of annoying that every time I plug it into my computer, Windows sees it as three devices (phone, internal memory, sd card) and I have to close the prompts for all three, every time.**This is a follow-up**  Two things to add:  apparently Motorola phones are sensitive to which micro-usb cable you use to charge and/or connect to a computer; I have not had a problem with charging, but I've gone to only using the "Eco-Moto" cables from Motorola (fortunately these are easily available and cheap) for syncing to my computer.  Also, I don't advise installing the "Motohelper" software -- it will trigger your web browser to launch and take you to the download site to download the (horrible, IMHO) Verizon media management software, or, if you've already installed it, will automatically launch it.  Instead, just plug in your phone and use the drivers that Windows automatically installs and it will work fine.

Data Connectivity:I will compare it to droid incredible(not 2) and droid charge(spouse).. I never lost data connection(internet browsing). But on droid bionic itlooses data connection 2 or 3 times a day(even if you are in CDMA ie 3G only mode to save battery life). You have to rebootor turn on/off airline mode to resolve it. Verizon told me that its known issue - and fix may come in Nov.In droid charge we also loose data connection - but its only 3 times a week.(again with droid incrediblewe never lost it)I think this was well known issue in HTC Thunderbolt also.GPS:GPS is not as good as droid incredible(but better then droid charge)Camera:Camera/Camcorder seems good(now this is relative)DLNA (wirelessly transmit photos) works ok with my blu ray player. But the video does not work(but again video streamingdoes not work even with PCs due to slow streaming)Voice Quality:Phone call quality is good(compared to incredible)User Interface: The mail client is bad .Overall its UI is not good as compared to HTC(but its tolerable) - but better then Droid Charge.Skype Video Chat does not work yet(unlike in droid charge) But Google talk video chat should work(which does not seem to work on Droid charge)

Even though I was eligible for an upgrade in June 2011, I waited patiently for this phone to be released in September.  In fact, I waited 5 weeks after its release before I decided to purchase it in order to see if there were any major bugs or flaws in the hardware or software before committing to purchase the phone.  I checked the Verizon customer reviews early in October and the phone had a 4.5 star rating with over 1100 reviews.Based on that, I bought two Bionics (one for me and one for my wife) at Radio Shack on October 10, 2011 for $199 each.  Right away, the phones exhibited a major problem staying connected to the Verizon network.  I live and work in solid 4G areas.  Yet these phones would constantly switch between 4G and 3G service, and then lose all connectivity to the network.  They both would do this even while sitting motionless on a table or desk in a solid 4G area.  The only way to re-establish connectivity was to pull the battery or toggle the airplane mode on and off.  When the phone lost service, then internet and navigation were also lost.  This became a major problem rendering both phones useless except for making phone calls.I did a quick Google search on "Droid Bionic problems" and discovered that many other Droid users are experiencing the same dilema, which greatly reduces the usability of the phone.  The rumor on the internet is that Verizon and Motorola will push out a software update in November 2011 that is supposed to address this loss of connectivity.  However, I could find nothing from Verizon itself confirming that a problem existed and that some relief was coming.Since I really liked the phone and wanted it to work, I called Verizon tech support on October 18 in the hope that they could get the phones to work.  However, the tech specialist I spoke to denied knowledge of any problems related to the Bionic and told me that I was the first person she had ever spoken to complaining of this loss of connectivity.  Her advice to me was to return the phone.  On October 20, I returned the phones to Radio Shack for a full refund.  While at the store, the store owner showed me on his computer that Radio Shack had just pulled the Bionic from its shelves and labelled it "unsellable."Just some other observations -- the 8 megapixel rear camera is terrible.  The pictures it takes are fuzzy.  The 3.2 megapixel camera in my old Blackberry is way better than this camera.  Also, one of the two Bionics we bought refused to wake up after sitting in the charging dock over night.  The only way to get it to work was to do a battery pull.  I learned from doing a little internet searching that this is also a frequently encountered problem.  On several other occasions when turning on the phones after a charge in the Motorola dock, they showed a black screen with instructions for transferring data, instead of the normal start up screen.  Turning the phones off and then on again fixed that problem temporarily, but contributed to my opinion that something isn't right with these phones.Since I had little confidence that replacement phones would be better, I took the Verizon tech support advice and just returned the phones.  I'll wait for a better product.If you are considering this phone, please do yourself a favor and make sure that Verizon has fixed the problem before you lay down your money and make a commitment. Also, Google "Droid Bionic problems" and get smart before you buy.  Don't trust the Verizon customer reviews -- it appears that most of those people write reviews too soon, before they get the full experience of ownership.

Saw lengthy reviews on this phone, will speak about the specific features I use and care about:User Interface:  5 out of 5Very responsive, fluid, clean.  There are some complaints about the type of screen used and seeing a cross mesh if one looks very closely, but I'm not that picky.App Load Time:  5 out of 5All apps load quicklyBuild quality: 5 out of 5Phone is big, solid, I've dropped it a few times, no chips or problems.Call quality:  5 out of 5No problems, same with speakerphone, excellent.=======Now the problem areas:Battery Life:  1 out of 5Yes, all 4G LTE phones are suffering from poor battery, as are dual core processor devices, so when you combine this into one, it makes for a nightmare.  Still, I had hoped with all the delays Moto had figured out something. They hadn't, and even after toggling 4G to 3G, the battery issues remained.Toggling between 4G, 3G, and WiFi:  3 out of 5Occasionally this doesn't work properly and I have to power cycle the phone to get it right.Camera:  -1 out of 5Camera takes forever to take the shot after the button is pushed, picture is almost always blurry, and all images are grainy.  OG Droid with 5 MegaPixels did a much better job.Virtual Keyboard:  Occasionally hides the fields I'm typing to, I have to keep going back and forth between the keyboard on and off to see what I'm actually typing in to.

I've been on Verizon Wireless since high school and have gone through a ton of phones and a few smartphones including the Motorola Droid and the iPhone 4. This is BY FAR the best phone I have ever owned. My girlfriend is even ditching her DROID Charge for this phone. I'm going to try and give a good review and cover all the goods and the bads about this phone.HARDWAREThe build of this phone is what you would expect from a Motorola phone - A nice solid piece of hardware made of metal with gorilla glass over the display. I had my iPhone for 3 months before I needed to replace it, but had my Motorola Droid for over 13 months and never exchanged it or repaired it, so Motorola definitely knows how to build a good piece of hardware. This phone is the first Verizon dual-core 4G LTE phone and it is FAST. Multi-tasking is effortless on this phone. Blows my iPhone 4 out of the water in this aspect. The display is amazing! It's a LARGE 4.3 qHD display (960x540 pixels) which is the highest resolution display on an Android phone to date. I wouldn't necessarily say better than the iPhone 4, but it is certainly as good. Some people are wondering if this phone is too big and bulky, but surprisingly it's pretty sleek and slim with a weight that makes it feel like a quality device, but not too heavy. Shooting pictures and videos is a ton of fun with this phone, the pictures look great. I posted a few on Facebook and they look awesome. The 1080p video is great as well indoors or outdoors. As for the front facing camera, it works with Skype, but you have to enable video chat in the settings on Skype (I heard a few people complain it wouldn't work). As for the quality of the front facing camera, it's not the greatest, it's only VGA (0.3 MP or something like that) but I mean it's video chat from your phone, you can still get your point across without lags or hitches because of Verizon's crazy fast 4G network (or over Wi-Fi).OPERATING SYSTEMSo I have heard a lot of people that have been a little wary of getting this phone because of Motorola's skin "Motoblur". But as far as I can see this phone is almost completely void of Motoblur with a few added Motorola elements that are actually pretty useful. For example, you can pick some of your favorite contacts and make them widgets on one of your homescreens. Not sure if this is a Gingerbread feature, but I think it's unique to Motorola. As far as the Android OS goes it is a great OS. I am a huge fan of iOS, but I can say honestly that I probably won't be going back because Android is a hundred times more customizable and that really appeals to me. The QWERTY touch keyboard can be used in portrait or landscape and the phone is pre-loaded with "Swype" which is in my opinion the best option for a touch screen keyboard. The only thing is that it is heavily dependent on the phone's dictionary so you may need to manually type in some words for a while before it becomes fully useful.APPSThe phone has some Verizon "bloatware" on it, but there's so much storage space on the phone for apps, you will hardly notice the 7 or 8 apps it comes with from VZW. The social media apps are AWESOME, especially if you like to share things like photos, videos, articles or web pages. It's incredibly easy to share things with your friends and the dual-core processor makes switching from Twitter to Facebook to GMail seamless. This phone comes preloaded with some setup accounts including Exchange or Corporate Sync, POP E-Mail, Google, YouTube, Facebook, Flickr, Yahoo!, LinkedIn, PhotoBucket, Picasa, and Twitter. Personally my favorite application on this phone is Google Maps because of the FREE turn-by-turn navigation that it offers which for some reason iOS still does not have. I also really like the ZumoCast application that allows you to access your computer remotely. Pretty cool and convenient. This phone is also Netflix ready. Haven't downloaded it from the market yet, but really eager to see how well the Netflix videos stream. There is also an app called "VideoSurf" where you can record a video of what you're watching on tv and the app will find information on the internet about the show or movie which is really cool, but a little unnecessary.ACCESSORIESThis phone has a lot of cool accessories. I purchased the car and desktop docks from Costco and also got an HDMI cable for mirror mode. The car dock is nice because you can just put the phone in and it automatically switches to "Car Mode" where there are main apps like Navigation, Calling, Contacts, Voice Search and Music and they all show up as large buttons so they're easy to access and you don't have to do any scrolling. The HDMI mirror mode is actually pretty cool and I will probably be using it a bit more once I get my Netflix set up on this phone. I've connected the HDMI cable to my girlfriend's TV and played some of the HD video I recorded. It looks great!BATTERY LIFEA lot of the criticism with 4G LTE phones is the battery life especially with the horrible battery life of the HTC Thunderbolt. I have had this phone for approximately 13 hours and got about 5 1/2 hours without charging on HEAVY usage (Wi-Fi, recording HD video, playing HD video in mirror mode, browsing the internet, navigation on Google Maps, YouTube, Skype Video Chat, ZumoCast, etc.) Which is pretty good on any network. I drained the battery to 15% and threw it on the charger and it was fully charged 90 minutes later. The battery is 1735 mAH, which is usually the size of extended batteries. I expect with normal usage of calling, texting, checking emails and browsing you could easily get 8-10 hours. I have only used the phone for texting, calling, and GMail since I took it off the charger 3 hours ago and the battery is sitting at 80%. Impressive.4G NETWORKMaking calls on Verizon's LTE network is just like it's 3G network. Dependable and clear. Never had a dropped call on Verizon 3G, don't expect to have any on 4G. Loading web pages is FAST. I mean REALLY FAST. It's actually faster than Wi-Fi which is crazy to me, but true. Using the speedtest.net speed test (seems redundant) the average download speed on 4G after 5 tests was around 17 mb/s and upload speed averaged about 2 mb/s. Videos from YouTube and web pages played effortlessly and looked great on the qHD screen.PERFORMANCELike I said before this phone is FAST. It multitasks much better and more smoothly than my iPhone 4. It responds immediately every time I touch it and going from app to app is as easy as pressing the home button. I literally cannot put this thing down because I am amazed at how responsive it is. I have yet to run any benchmark tests to test the speed of the processor, but from what I've heard it is faster than any of the 4G phones and even faster than the dual-core DROID 3 which beat the HTC Thunderbolt and iPhone 4 in benchmark tests.OVERALLI would say this is the best phone I've ever owned. Definitely the coolest and most fun. It's a much larger screen than I'm used to, but I actually really like that. The display is awesome, pictures and videos look great and Android is obviously a great OS. Verizon has finally come through for its customers with this phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone. Now there are rumors that the iPhone 5, Samsung Stratosphere (Galaxy S II variant), HTC Vigor, and the Samsung Droid Prime are coming to Verizon in about a month or so. I don't know much about any of those phones, mostly just rumors, but as of now this is the BEST 4G phone on Verizon hands down. If you have an upgrade and you NEED a new phone I would say get this phone. You will really like it. If you're thinking about upgrading early or waiting for the line of phones coming in October I would say wait til then. You have to remember this phone was originally set to release in the Spring so the new phones in Q3 and Q4 may hold a slight advantage over the Bionic. Either way if you decide to go with this phone you won't be disappointed.

One of the best LTE phones out there. Also the screen is awesome.The phone is really fast and the apps work really well.

I've owned a Bionic since shortly after it was released by Verizon.  Unfortunately, I am now on my third in that short time.  The first one was plagued by the BSOD (black screen of death), random reboots, and occasional freezes which could only be resolved by removing the battery.  And the battery life was atrocious.Verizon graciously replaced that one right away and Bionic number 2 performed well for about a month.  Then it started to have problems with the touch screen with dead zones, entry of random letters and numbers, uncontrolled scrolling, etc.  Verizon replaced this one as well.I have researched the problems I experienced with the phones, and there are certainly many other people in forums reporting similar issues.Now I am on Bionic number 3.  It was working pretty well until Verizon did an over the air upgrade last week.  Immediately I started having some problems, such as an inability to turn off the Mobile WIFI hotspot.  I seem to have fixed that problem by a factory reset and wiping all programs and data off the phone, but I am still waiting to see what will happen next.Finally, I am unhappy that Motorola and Verizon followed the much-touted Bionic so quickly with the improved RAZR.Bottom line -- this phone has too many random problems, over three different handsets, for me to recommend it to anyone.

This is my first smart phone since the androids have hit the market. I know I'm behind the times! I love this phone! I never let it out of my sight. The battery doesn't last long but I'm also constantly using it. I was intimidated by the size at first but I quickly fell in love with every inch of this phone.

Very unhappy with this phone. I was excited to upgrade to such a powerful, 1ghz duel core.  What I found was constant app crashing, unusable 4G service and network issues.  One particular app (Hanging with Frinds) stopped working multiple times. I would have to completely uninstall and reinstall.  I know the issue isn't with the app itself as I'm playing the game with multiple friends and none are having this issue.I am going to wait a few months for better 4G phones to come out, I am thinking of staying away from Motorola all tegether though...hello Samsung Nexus!

For those of us who dont work behind a desk all day, in other words not afraid to get dirty, dont even bother talking to me about a phone that doesnt have gorilla glass.  Having said that.  This phone better whoop the pants off the joke that was the droid x2.  to be continued....

I bought the Droid Bionic about week ago. I have nothing but positive things to say about this phone. The phone is very fast and works great. I had a Blackberry before this phone and its so much better. One thing I wanted to talk about is battery life. Alot of other reviews bash the battery life of this phone but Ive found it to be great. I use my phone for data and the battery last all day. Make sure you use the task manager pre installed on the phone and your get better battery life. One last thing, if you are in Chicago the Verizon LTE network is blazing fast.Thank you

this it the best phone ever to tot to tot tot tot tot to to to to tot to tot to to tot to tot to tot t o to tot o to o

I won't rehash what some of the other reviewers have said, but I will tell you that this is the best phone I have ever had. It is incredibly useful and has almost replaced my laptop entirely. Let me explain:1. Screen: The screen is large enough to type documents (using the keyboard accessory), or watch movies/tv shows.  While the color is not as bright as the Droid Razr (which my parents purchased), the screen has never been an issue.  Some people complain of pixelization, but I rarely notice it.2. I purchased the motorola bluetooth keyboard, and now I can bring my phone to the library and use it instead of my laptop. I don't need to buy a tablet because the screen/keyboard combo works perfectly.  I HIGHLY recommend buying the keyboard.Other than that, what all the other reviewers have discussed is pretty accurate, and I am very glad I bought this phone.

My husband has been struggling with Android vs iPhone for some time now anD FINALLY after spending an inordinate amount of time researching...he chose the Droid Bionic.  The reviews here and other places, were very helpful, but what made the choice even easier was Costco selling it at 89.00.  He bought each of us one.It came with a leather case belt holder, slider case, car/wall charger combo, a large carry case for/with all the books/paperwork and a regular wall charger.  In addition, they had a special (mail-in) which we'll be receiving ANOTHER battery (gave it 5*'s for that) and some other items to use with my new phone.  We had to pay Calif. sales tax, but only on the true cost to Costco ($299) not full retail, which was another plus.  Other than battery drain (fully expected, no surprise), we've found the phone does everything as advertised.  We've also found that it's been easier to learn and use the features than expected.  We're both Senior Citizens and go back and forth, helping each other with things we've found and how to make them work.  Great speed, fun gaming, camera and video very good and I'm sure we'll be finding many more things to like about it.  For our decision to purchase this as our first SmartPhone~~we're both very happy.

As a gadget guy who participates in technology companies' beta programs and is always on the bleeding edge with the latest and greatest technology, I must say this phone has exceeded all of my expectations.  I've been watching this thing since it was reported to be released in Q1 2012 - while seriously late, this phone has proven to be well worth the wait.I travel...a lot.  This week I traveled solo with my Droid Bionic and the Lapdock accessory and believe I'm ready to permanently leave behind my laptop, iPad etc...in favor of my Bionic coupled with the Lapdock.Pros:  battery life is great (regular use, with 4G on, I have 40-50% left at the end of the workday), speed is lightening fast (moving from screen to screen, opening/closing apps) and the data speed with 4G is faster than my home network (Comcast), the mobile hotspot has displaced my need for hotel / internet wifi, and the Lapdock is fantastic (charges phone while docked, battery life is good for a full day with all-day use)!Cons:  expensive (for now) - but expect prices will drop.I don't anticipate replacing this setup for some time - can't think of much more that I would improve in a new(er) phone.

I thought about ordering the bionic for $0.01 and switching it to my primary line--then I would proceed to cancel my new line's data plan (which is required in order to get the phone at the discounted price) and theoretically pay $9.99 a month for the two years, which would end up costing me ~240.00 in the long run for this awesome phone.This however, can not be done without voiding the Amazon Wireless Agreement which would have resulted in a $250.00 charge plus the $9.99 a month for two years service with Verizon (Total $490.00).The terms of service agreement with Amazon Wireless is a bit vague, but basically after talking to a representative from Amazon Wireless I can confirm that:1) The phone must stay on the line it was created on for 181 consecutive days to avoid the $250.00 charge2) You can not cancel your data plan during this 181 consecutive day span or you will be charged $250.003) You can change any other features except data (minutes, text messaging, etc.) without worrying about the $250.00 charge3) They will waive the fee if your equipment is lost or stolenTheoretically I suppose you could order the phone, claim it has been lost/stolen and have Amazon Wireless waive the fee, cancel your data plan, pay your $9.99 a month to Verizon and place a "dummy" phone on the line you created, and wait for 181 days to pass--then miraculously recover your lost/stolen Bionic and place it on whatever number you want.I searched online for 3-4 hours last night trying to confirm this information so I hope it helps someone who is weighing their options with this sweet deal.Thanks for reading.

I have the Bionic and the HTC Thunderbolt. The Bionic is terrible and is in a drawer till Verizon and Moto release a software fix. My Bionic has the same history as others. Started great, three days good then...NO SIGNAL. I read the all the forums and tried all the same frustrating fixes as everyone else. NOTHING WORKS. Moto appears to be totally stumped as a verizon rep told me the problem is well known, but they have not recieved a fix from MOTO and nothing is on the way.  Verizon is now waiving monthly data fees!  Don't buy any 4G phones from MOTO till you hear the news they have finally released a 4G fix.  My Thunderbolt had a major battery problem till HTC released a fix three weeks ago. Now it rocks, but has a BIG form factor may people don't like. I hope MOTO finally fixes their 4G problem for Bionic and future Razr owners"***Update: I just revised my rating from 1 star to 4.  After two days with the new software update, Moto has done a good job fixing many of the Bionics issues.  I haven't lost the data connection in two days and this includes traveling across the DC area multiple times.  4G has been rock solid and speed good.  Even better, my battery performance has been significantly improved. Camera lag is "almost" gone and there is no longer an irritating noise when using ear phones to listen to music.  This update brings the phone where it should have been when released.

My Droid Bionic is running OS version 2.3.4 on Verizon. I bought it in Dec 2011 after reading dozens of hype reviews on the internet.  After 6 weeks of use I HATE it.  The phone comes chock full of useless bloatware that the user cannot uninstall.  Worse yet, daily it uses tons of bandwidth installing unwanted updates on this useless bloatware.  When I elected to kill automatic updates, it counters by sending me daily annoying email reminders to update this crapware. I spent a great deal of money to buy this high end product over an I phone because I want to be able manage my phone not have it manage me.  This operating system does not close apps when you back out of them, or when you skip back home.  There is no easy visible close option button on running apps.  The result (not withstanding Google's hype claims to the contrary) of this is rapid memory saturation, slow operation, crashes, lockups, and internet shutdown with loss of data.  The battery life, hardware, GPS, screen resolution and brightness are pretty good.  The operating system flat out sucks. After market task manager apps to root the thing that worked on earlier OS versions to give some control back to the user don't work on this one.  Give me a close button, and a file/task manager that will control what my machine is running on my dime, or give me my money back. I wish there were an option to rate zero stars or install OS 2.2 which worked.

I've had this phone for a little over a month now.  The call quality is very good, but there are other problems.1.  Can't shut it off- This is obviously a known problem since I found lots of people asking the same question online.  You think you turned it off, but it comes back on its own.  This doesn't happen all the time, probably 75% of the time.  Both my partner and I experience the problem with our phones.2.  Battery Life stinks.  I know this a problem even with the iPhone, but the fact you can't shut off the phone makes it even worse.  There you are ready to go to work, the phone turned on during the night, and now the battery is dead.3.  Too much Verizon software- I can't get rid of their sneaky applications, that can run you money.  For instance they have this Verizon video that's always hounding me to update.  But I'm weary of updating because this application charges for monthly use and you have to accept that with the download.  You can't get rid of these junky applications.4.  I thought I'd get use to the size, but haven't.  It's too long.  This was my fault and I should have excluded from my possible phone list to start with.I would have bought an HTC instead, or even an iPhone, but I wanted the Android OS.  Now I'm stuck for two years on our phone contract.

I was al set to go drop $300 at Costco or Verizon when I googled one last time the day the phone came out and the news was Amazon was selling for $199.  So I ordered it right away.  Then I got an email later in the day saying that there was a price drop and while Amazon normally does not honor post sales price matching, they did it without asking.  So $179, no tax, no shipping, how do you beat that?  It took about a week and I've only had it a few days but bar far prefer this device over my I-phone.  I love the larger screen.  Battery life seems to be getting better day by day.  I am fully charging, and FULLY discharging every day (cycling), this already is improving the battery performance. I am having to relearn a bit since I have been using the apple product for so long, but am really pleased with this device so far.  I had a little trouble porting over my old phone number from AT&T but that was not the fault of the phone.  I like the fact that I can easily remove the battery.  I had to replace the battery on my i-phone which is like performing surgery on an ant.  At least I can have a 2nd battery if I wish and do a swap if I really need to and don't have access to a charging station while traveling.  While my I-phone would lag after a few apps were running, slow scrolling screens, this thing never slows down.  I like that I can terminate applications whereas on the i-phone you have to jailbreak in order to do that.  A lot of the reason I jailbroke my i-phone are already built into this phone.  Those folks that are not wildly impressed probably came from a previous droid and are already accustomed to what the droid features and capabilities are, but coming from an i-phone, it is night and day.  A huge improvement. I seriously doubt I'll be disappointed when the I-phone 5 is out.  Especially for $179

I was very excited to receive this phone but that excitement quickly disappeared.  The screen is very grainy to anyone with decent vision and causes many images to be blurry.  Even though the screen is horrible I was willing to let it slide.  That is until I started listening to my music on this device.  While connected via bluetooth the songs seem to constantly skip or hiccup every 30 seconds or so.  So if you are like me and use your phone as a music player do not purchase this phone I am currently in the process of returning this P.O.S.  Cant believe I gave up my Iphone for this.

Huge upgrade for me to a smart phone.  Learning new habits is taking a little time but not a big deal.I highly recommend purchasing your phone through Amazon Wireless.  Very good experience for me.  Informed every step of the way & customer service agents were knowledgeable & answered very question.  Called several times as I thought of things.I have been very pleased at ease of use.  Have not used owner's manual since I opened package.  I've downloaded apps from Verizon, Google & Amazon.  All downloaded extremely fast via 4G & have worked great.  Only apps that have frozen are via facebook (imagine that!  lol)I love the 5 custom home screens.  Organize them just the way I want.Favorite feature is the small green notification light in upper right corner.  Nice not to have the screen light up & show the whole world who's texing/emailing me.Also option of sound or vibrate.Easily imported contacts from email accounts & facebook.Nice to have hot spot.  I connected to my laptop via usb when home internet was down. Even at 3G it was as quick as cable internet.Dual core allows for apps to run quickly & multi effortlessly.Do NOT be put off by complaints of poor screen quality & flimsly build.The battery door is exactly like my last Motorola & has the anti skid so it's not flying all over the place.  It is a very solid build.4 days old, I dropped it in the parking lot & it slid about a foot face down!I was thankful to find only very minor scratches on the front case.  I higly recommend a silicone glove & screen protector (I purchased on Amazon & fit is perfect.)Call quality is also very good, my end & caller's.  I don't have the high pitched noise problem I read about or the grainy screen resolution.The screen is beautiful & clear.  Believe me, I read every review I could find & looked for all of the complaints.If it weren't for the short battery life, I'd give it 5 stars.The app for battery usage is fantastic.  Found that my bluetooth ear piece was eating up 40%.  Much better since keeping it cut off.  I don't like having to remember to do that in the car but the habit will come with time.So many great features.I'm a heavy texter.  Love the horizontal keyboard.  I have flatter fingertips so there is a great deal more space in the horizontal.Be even happier when I get the hang of swype.Yep I'm old school & slower :)Funniest old school/nothing's wrong with my phone/I'm not upgrading/ok I give in, new smartphone experience, phone is ringing, I'm punching the heck out of the little lock/answer button, getting more & more frustrated because it won't pick up.  I notice it's fading to the right. DUH!  Swipe it sideways dummy.  ROFL!  It's funny now :  It's very helpful that way when it comes to those of us who hate reading manuals & refuse to upgrade until absolutely necessary, lol!I'm falling in love with my Bionic & I'm very glad I didn't wait for newer phones to hit the market.

I bought my Bionic through Amazon Wireless. I had a VZW account that had gone past it's contract, and was up for an upgrade. Most of the people that I know already had their smartphones, and I was eagerly waiting for a good deal. AW gave me that deal, and I jumped. Got my Bionic for a penny. Can't beat that.The weight of the phone is just about perfect for me, light enough to carry in a shirt pocket but heavy enough that I know it's there. Wide enough to use a thumb to scroll when holding in my right hand, and not drop it.After booting, the phone is blazingly fast. I never seen any slow down in apps or games. I have loaded a ton of app through the Amazon App store (thank you again, Amazon) and every download is quick and installation a breeze. The screen is super bright when needed, and easy to watch vids or youtube on.I highly recommend either a car charger or extended battery, as battery life does suffer with current 4G devices. I'm the type that is paranoid, and I will have it charging every moment that I am around an outlet. Most people get several hours, I wouldn't know.Overall, I'm enjoying the Bionic. I know that there are some bug fixes coming very soon, but I wouldn't wait if you can get a good deal!

Find something else to buy.  I had to have the phone replaced 4 times within the first 4 months.  It would not connect to the internet.  Finally, they agreed to give me a Droid Razr instead because of all the issues (the Razr just died too, but that is for another review).

I was all set to buy the Droid Razr till I saw in the spec the battery in NOT user replaceable!!!Do they think its an iPhone?If the battery last less then a couple days IT MUST BE REPLACEABLE!!!!!We recently had a 2 day black out and a long plane ride close together. I have 3 batteries for my DroidX. Good thing - easy to keep power ready and carry with me. Just drop it in and ready to go again.What were they thinking??? Until they can get the battery to last 2 - 3 days (and it does NOT) IT MUST BE REPLACEABLE!!!!!

Sixth time's a charm! I went thru 3 G'z Commando and 2 Droid Charge before I picked up the BIONIC.This phone is reliable and fast. No restarting on its own or slowing down to a crawl as experienced with the Charge.The battery will last me all day!!!It is also not as wide or as flat as the Charge and definately feels more secure in my hand.You can actually see the screen while outside.The BIONIC should be a good investment as I am very attached to my cell phone on a daily basis.

I got this phone a hundred dollars off at the Radioshack near my house. $199.99 is a pretty good deal on a phone, I think. So far, so good on the Bionic.

This is a great phone.  I honestly love it.  Its fast, its thin, it has a great screen, its sweet looking and its Verizon.Camera:  The camera is decent.  Don't be fooled by 8MP.  It takes beautiful pictures in high light situations with no movement.  Low light, not so good.  But its Motorola, so I wasn't expecting miracles.User Interface:  The Motorola UI is horrible.  I honestly hate it.  I had a DROID 2 before this bionic, and its the same UI.  Its just depressing and the animations are annoying.  I just switched to golauncher and im much happier.Battery:  The battery isn't too great.  I use my phone almost all day, if its a game, a video or just surfing the web.  I probably could get by on one charge, but I find myself charging it by mid afternoon.Connection:  The 4G is great...  when it works.  I get an average 12-18 MBPS through LTE.  But I rarely ever have a 4G connection.  The nice thing is that I have a much stronger 3G connection then most other phones so I can still download on speeds of up to 8 MBPS on the 3G network.All in all, this is one of the best phones Verizon has to offer.  Its the same thing as the DROID razr.  Same processor, same GPU and everything.  Its just a little thicker, which is actually nicer.

I have to say when I first got this phone (as a replacement to my many samsung droid charges - wanna talk about a nightmare phone ... droid charge was the pitts). Anyway after replacing my droid charge a million times verizon sent me this droid bionic as a replacement. At first it was not impressing me much - glitchy... then the phone received an update... after the update this thing has been wonderful. The best droid experience I've had...Can't tell about the sounds quality of the phone as I am mostly on bluetooth headset (yes, it's time to go bluetooth people - stop holding the thing to your ear - doh).I use the navigation through google maps all the time - used it on the charge - took literally 10 minutes to get the charge to lock on - this moto droid bionic locks on in seconds.Once I got used to the way things work on this phone (3 or 4 days) I am very impressed. The phone just gets better and better!There are so many negative reviews - it leads me to believe a lot of these folks may be on their first droid and don't understand what an awesome device this is - especially if you compare it to the rest of the droid market.I've used the 1st generation droid, the HTC Evo, the Samsung Charge, and I have to say this is hands down the best of those by a huge margin.

Coming from never owning a smart phone to this has completely blown me away. It is sleek, fast, and overwhelming (in the best way possible). The biggest gripe about this phone is its screen. In all honesty, the cross-hatched pattern is visible upon close examination. The first few days of it took some personal adjusting. Now, however, I love the screen. It is super bright, very crisp, and easily visible in the sunlight - something I've never seen in a phone before. I don't even notice the cross-hatching anymore. The next biggest complaint is the battery life. If you know what you're doing, this battery is more than adequate. I've been on and off 4G with a toggle widget, I've used wifi for 90% of the day, I've been texting and surfing the web all day, and I've talked on the phone for over an hour... and I'm at 30% battery remaining after 12.5 hours on battery. I'm seriously in love with this phone. I cannot wait to utilize the power this phone has with its dual core processor - It handles everything to easily at the moment. :) Overall I don't find this phone lacking in anyway. If the screen didn't have the cross-hatching it would be perfect - If you can look past it like I did you'll be very happy. I suggest seeing one in person and playing with it for a bit - I doubt you'll find the screen unbearable.

Well to start it off i went to verizon the morning of phone release about 10 min. before they opened and to my surprise there was only one other car waiting. They unlocked the doors and i was the first in followed by only 2 other people. Got the phone and ran home to charge and play with my new investment. My first impression was a nice solid built phone with nothing special on the outside but little did i know the wow inside. The phone is FAST! Pulls up apps quick and of course 4g LTE is no joke. Very very fast. The screen resolution doesnt look any different than the past droids and the camera only has a single light for flash but honestly i don't care. All i want is a solid well built phone and thats exactly what i have. A true winner in quality and reliability. One thing that sux is the "bloat ware" on this thing. Way too much without the option to erase is stupid. You'll have to root it and that voids the warranty. I do though like a few apps that come with it. Like the Motoprint is awesome. Does a great job of syncing with my wireless printer. Havent printed yet but looks like it will be good. Also like the files app, Task app(which helps me keep up with all my daily running around), Video surf(which i really like. just point it at the tv and it uploads, recognizes the show. you can pick a picture from the clip and post a comment about it on twitter or facebook. I like it), slacker radio(just like pandora), voice command and zumocast. Since we're on apps PDAnet and fildo i recommend. Google fildo and download from the internet. All in all a great under rated long over due phone that im glad i have. Im sure that in the coming months there will be pretty flashy phones with one or two main selling points but will be crap in the overall picture. I think its solid and will last through til my next contract. Almost forgot to comment on battery life. It is great. After i charged it i played with it all day and was only at 60% when i went to bed. Thats awesome compared to the HTC turdbolt and the Samsung discharge. Heck its almost better than any smartphone that i've ever had. Oh and i love how it conjoins all the social network sites into one messaging center. Very smooth merger. Just buy it!UPDATE: After getting all my apps situated my battery is at about 20% by the time i hit the hay. Still great. With my moderate use. I wish they would hurry up and include skype with video chat for the bionic already. Im ready to test this front facing camera out. Oh i got the otterbox with purchase and the camera hole for the front is a little in the cameras way. Also the screen protector isnt crystal clear either.  It's got a slight haze to it which down grades the resolution. Anyone else have this problem? Im gonna take mine back and try another one.UPDATE#2: Got a new otterbox and the hole is centered and good to go. The haze on the screen protector is still there. I wonder why they do that? Why not crystal clear?UPDATE#3: Phone keeps going in and out of data service. I work some nights and mainly notice it at night. Went into Battery & data manager in the settings. Went into Battery mode and checked Performance mode. (Default was Nighttime saver.) Seems to help keep my data from going in and out at night. Should i say not has much anyways.UPDATE#4: All is finally well with the phone. Got an update that fixed all my issues. However i did still have some data drops. I talked to verizon and they told me to remove the sims card and replace and hopefully it will solve the problem. If not they said i would have to call H.Q. and they could work some magic from their end and fix the problem. So i tried removing sims card and i thought it fixed it but it started it again. Tried it one more time and ever since then has worked like a champ. I talked to verizon about the Razor and if it had the same problems as bionic and they said no. I would buy the Razor if i were you over bionic but if bionic is cheaper i'd go with it. Bionic will be getting all the future updates Razor will. I hope i am problem free from now on. I'll keep it updated if something changes.UPDATE#5: Got a new update that improved my battery life. I am getting about an extra hour out of moderately webbing in a day. Great update! Also fixed a youtube issue with locking up. However the load time on videos sux bad all of a sudden. Happened about a week or two after the update. Takes way to long to start playing vids now. Other than that sweet update. I still like my phone and i can't wait for the Ice Cream Sandwich update.

Verizon knows about the issue where regardless of the data setting (3G/CDMA only or LTE/CDMA), it can lose its data connectivity completely.  The "workaround" is to place it into airplane mode, and failing that, pull the battery.  In theory, there will be a fix to "help alleviate" the issue this month (November 2011), but it is not guaranteed.  Help alleviate is their phrasing, so it will most likely not fix the issue completely.  A word of caution, the RAZR uses the same chips as the Bionic so it may have the same issues.  Verizon says they don't have any reports of the RAZR being affected, but something to keep in mind.  Feel free to search for "Droid Bionic Data Issues" on Google and you'll see quite a few hits, and their tech support confirmed the issue with me on the phone.For me, I'm losing data connectivity up to fifteen times a day.  It can be somewhat avoided by using Wifi whenever possible.  We have a bunch of people at work who use the Bionic, and a lot of them are seeing the issue.  I would avoid this phone for a long time until they get this issue sorted out.

Now that the Bionic has been forgotten by VZ, you can get it cheap.  You can get accessories cheap too, I love the lapdock.  I got sick of waiting for android 4.0 to come out for this, so I ventured into the mod community and easily updated it myself.  Every time I think to check what new phones are out, I find something I prefer on the Bionic.  The only thing that will tear me away from this phone will be a 4 inch or smaller screen.  Everything else is too big and gawdy.

This is my first smart phone, though I am a bit of a techie.This phone is large and feels very sturdy in hand. The display is bright, the phone is very responsive (I mean fast), and the voice quality of calls is excellent. Battery life, as expected, is not too good. I range from 6 to 8 hours between charges in moderate use. I bought a spare battery to mitigate the issue.Prior to loading the software fixes, that were just announced, the software was buggy in a number of ways..... Since then the fixes have taken care of most issues. One irritating problem has been the loss of incoming mail beeps and the indicator light. I am not sure how I corrected it but fiddling with turning services on and off cleared this up. Be aware that this can and does occur per blogs on this topic.The Gorilla glass front is fantastic. I put a protector on it but removed it since the glass is so sturdy.Once the ICS update is released I suspect this will become a 5 star phone.Overall happy with the purchase but if you have the cash look at the Razr before making the commitment. Much lighter and great features.

Don't waste your money on this phone. It's the same as the 16GB model, but cost more. BOTH the 16GB model and this 32GB model come with 16GB built-in storage and BOTH come with a 16GB Micro SD card. My son discovered this when he checked my phone and then compared the two phone's "Technical Details" on Amazon. Under Technical Details there is a line "What's in the box". For the 16GB phone it lists a pre-installed 16GB Micro SD card. For the 32GB phone it lists a 16 GB Micro SD card(which is actually pre-installed). I contacted Amazon to inform them that both phones are the same and requested a refund of the difference in price of the two phones. I sent links to the web pages and made note of where it CLEARLY states both phones are the same. Amazon denied my request and disagreed with my findings. They listed a discription of the two phones from a different web page and never checked the pages I listed. They did say I could return my phone, but it would be at my expense. Buyer bewareCheck for yourself. Here are the two pages. Cut and paste.http://www.amazon.com/Motorola-BIONIC-Android-Verizon-Wireless/dp/B0076879UI/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1332083585&sr;=1-1http://www.amazon.com/Motorola-DROID-BIONIC-Android-Wireless/dp/B005IQOFW0/ref=sr_1_2?s=wireless&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1332083585&sr;=1-2

Don't be turned off by the bad reviews.Just like computers, all smartphones occasionally will give you issues. It's how you avoid them and how you adapt to them that separate user error from manufacturing error.The phone is very fast, especially with 4G. Here are some tips to improve performance:-Download the Dolphin Browser for a faster browser-Keep the phone clean of useless apps-Root the phone (at your own risk), purchase Titanium Backup, and use the app to freeze useless preloaded apps from VZW-Root the phone (at your own risk), download AutoKiller Memory Optimizer (big improvements)Battery life is great, but will depend heavily on how much you use it (obviously) and whether or not you leave services on that you are not using.-I suggest adding the power control widget to your home screen-Keep wifi/gps/bluetooth off at all times unless needed-Download JuiceDefender (huge battery life improvements)-Modify data polling frequency for e-mail/data/weather apps-Be wary of apps such as online games (words with friends for example) that poll for data frequentlyProtect the phone ASAP with a cover and screen protector.Search google for instructions to crack the wireless tethering and enable it without having to pay Verizon additional money for the same data service you already pay for.Disable 4G LTE if you do not live in a 4G zone (Settings -> Wireless & networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode -> CDMA Only)The camera hardware is good, however the built-in camera software is pretty bad. I'd suggest trying different camera apps from the market. Camera360 is awesome but last time I checked, their app didn't support the bionic very well. This is bound to change soon, I'm sure.If the 3G connection craps out and won't connect, 90% of the time you can quickly fix this by holding the power button and putting it into sleep, then bringing it out of sleep.And just a note, if the phone suddenly won't turn on and has a white LED, it means the battery life is below 5%. Don't freak out, plug the phone in to a charger, and let it charge for a few hours.--------------------------If you think all of the above is too much work for a smartphone, buy an iPhone instead.

I have been with Verizon ever since they took over Alltel, and have to say that this latest Droid does not disappoint... much... I have had an Android phone ever since the Original Droid was released. While I have to say the Bionic is the most up to date phone, it has its many many pro's, but a few con's as well that may influence your decision.DESIGNNothing but Pros here! The device feels wonderful in your hand, its not too heavy, and doesn't feel bulky as some people thought it would since it's not as thin as the Droid X. Volume buttons are easy to reach, and even though the power button has been moved to the left side of the top of the phone, it's still accessible and not very difficult. I lied, I do have one con in the hardware department. The battery cover. While it is nice and secure, and don't have to worry about it being removed by accident, thats the thing, it CAN'T be removed by accident. It is fairly tricky to try and remove it if you need to do a battery pull, and usually takes me a good couple minutes to do so. But, when you snap it back into place, it gives you the secure feeling that you don't have to worry about it, and almost forget that there is a battery door there.NETWORKVerizon 3G is already pretty good in my area. Verizon 4GLTE will leave you with your pants down! I tested this in Ann Arbor, MI and was blown away as to the speeds this thing was getting. 3G is already about 1-3mbps download for me, but on 4G, I was getting up to 30/mbps download speeds! Triple the amount compared to my friends Sprint EVO3D phone on their 4G network. Definitely not something that disappointed me here. Pages loaded fast, apps downloaded while you blinked! My only con with the network on the bionic, is data connection drops occasionally. Some people have said they experienced only 4G LTE outages, where as I experience a complete data outage. Currently the only work around for it is to either turn on/off airplane mode, or turn off the phone and then back on. Verizon says they are aware of this and was supposed to have an update out already, but are now pushing it to be released by the end of the year.PERFORMANCEThe bionic hasn't disappointed me at all in terms of speed & performance. The phone handles apps and multi-tasking with a breeze, with almost no lag at all.BATTERY LIFEThis is another one of my main problems. Some days battery life is excellent. I can go the entire day, from 9am-9pm, and still be left with 40-50% of battery life. These are the good days. On the bad days, with the same amount of usage, my battery is already down to 30% in just 5 hours. I'm not sure what the issue is with this, but it has happened to me on 3 different Bionic devices. Like I said, this is the same amount of usage. Some people have had better luck and haven't said anything like this, so maybe I just got the unlucky batch?DISPLAYThe screen is wonderful. The new qHD display is bright and crisp, but does have a few flaws. The one thing I've noticed is in bright light, and the screen off (sometimes on also), you can see grid lines across the screen. While this doesn't bother me much, it does get irritating after a while. The other thing I've noticed is warm colors are off a little, by this I mean, a bright yellow actually looks more like a burnt canary. Not something you really notice unless your used to looking at a specific image. You can see this change also if you plug your phone into an HDTV.OVERALLThe Bionic is a nice phone. Durable. Sleek. Sexy. Does it have it's flaws? Yes, but so does every new phone when it comes out. Overall though I do love this phone. It works amazingly, and love the HDMI capability. The phone is definitely better than any Droid I have had and/or played with, and would recommend to anyone!

Juice defender will make it last all day but at a price with slow data...and if you want slow data why would you get this phone?  Otherwise a fantastic phone.  I got a "powergen mobile juice pack" instead of a replacement battery...recommend that.

When I bought this phone I was upgrading from the original Droid. Working in the IT arena I prefer the android operating system for its PC like features.With that said... the original Droid was built like a rock. This phone, not so much. I am normally a big fan of Motorola products due to there durability and high quality plastics.I have owned this phone for about a year and a half now... and here is my thoughts.This phone is not built to last 2 years. Normal wear and tear (in and out of pocket) wore the plastic border next to the volume buttons down to a point where it just broke off one day. I never did use a case for this phone but I figure that if you are careful with your electronics the standard casing should be sufficient.The very first thing that I noticed is that the screen begins to bend inward after so many months of use. Its noticeably flexible right out of the box in comparison to the sturdy gorilla glass of the original droid. You know when you push on your computers LCD and see the little color rainbow appear when you press too hard... I saw that every time I put the smallest amount of pressure on the screen after a few months of use. Coming close to the year mark the screen responsiveness started getting touchy. It would often "freak out" and start clicking buttons like I was tapping the screen like a mad man. This can normally be fixed by toggling the screen power button on/off.Otherwise, the performance of the phone was solid for about a year, in which I factory reset it once and it brought it back to life for a little but quickly deteriorated. The battery has held up surprising well. Although the back of the phone that holds that battery comes off pretty easy. I use my phone extensively throughout the day and after 15-18 months I still get a full day of normal use (Making good use of the power dashboard and keeping blue tooth off, auto sync and GPS off and screen brightness to auto). If you are aware of how and why programs access the battery you can really lengthen the life of your battery without using the "task killer" applications. Newer versions of the OS are on top of that.GPS has always taken a while to lock in, no matter if I am in a city like Seattle or in a Valley in Glacier Park in Montana. Bluetooth works up to 3 meters. Wifi and Data switching has always been seamless.Screen is not as vibrant as other models but at the time of inception it was the bees knees. Most games run with no or little lag (GTA3 from Play Store only lagged when it rained).The 8MP camera takes pretty decent pictures. I read in another review that some one wrote they noticed the pictures were kind of fuzzy... I know what they mean. But you can adjust some settings to improve some things. Important to note that picture orientation switches from 8MP to 6MP...Overall, knowing what I know now if I went back in time I would research other models. But that's impossible (or is it). I write this review today as I am officially retiring this phone for the HTC DNA as the screens responsiveness is degrading daily. Although I appreciate the 15-18 months of decent service this phones tenure has ended.

Hello true believers.  I was eligible for an upgrade about a year ago and couldn't bring myself to upgrade before a decent 4G device was on the market.  My previous phone was a Blackberry 8330.  The Motorola Droid Bionic is obviously in a different league.  I am a Costco member, so I took advantage of their deal with all the accessories.  I paid $279, $20 less than the Verizon Wireless retailers.  Amazon's price is even better if you won't use all the accessories that Costco throws in for free.  I was hesitant to be buy the phone before actual hands-on reviews but I took the Nestea plunge.  I am a realist and I expected some bugs, but I have been on the Motorola Droid Bionic for the past 3 days and I can't find anything wrong with it.  I have used friends' iPhone 4 and HTC Droid Incredible devices, so my frame of reference is not only a Blackberry.  The 4G is incredibly fast with the dual core processor.  I don't get 4G coverage at home, so I just connect through my WiFi.  I do get 4G at work and won in every competition with other 3G devices.  I convinced at least 3 co-workers to get the Motorola Droid Bionic.  I highly recommend the Motorola Droid Bionic.  Stay thirsty my friends.

I went from a Blackberry 9700 to the Droid Bionic. My first time with an android phone or touch screen device. It is definitely a step up, but you will need to charge this phone twice a day if not more.The screen is a good size for watching videos/movies; definitely better than the small screen on my old Blackberry.I don't really care for the phone's browser, so I downloaded DolphinHD - problem solved.Overall, I like the phone. I'd love a better battery life, but I have a charger at work and home, so I manage to keep it up & running.

I agree with everything said, except I haven't noticed any headphone whine.  Blazingly fast in terms of both processing and internet.  Camera autofocus isn't great, but I'm sure the next update will fix that.  Picture quality is very good though!  I almost waited another couple of months for the Prime, but after a 9 month wait for this one limping along with my OG Droid, I couldn't wait anymore.  So glad!  I bought it the first day, and have used it constantly ever since.  Faster phones may be on the horizon, but I can't imagine the difference will be that noticeable...not enough to wait any longer.  Haven't had battery issues, I expected much worse, but I always make sure I have a charger or docking station nearby because I use this so much.  I look for excuses to use it!Finally, I love the looks of this phone.  It looks beautiful and feels very high quality.  I have no gripes about the screen.  The gorilla glass is awesome and videos look amazing.  Love, love, love the size.  I have small hands but it's not a problem for me.  The extra screen real estate makes everything so much easier to use.  And more room for widgets...yay!  I really like the ui too.  A very few things require an extra step here or there, but there are many more items that are easier to access, so that more than makes up for it.  I have everything I need set up on the five screens, which are a breeze to navigate, and rarely have to go into the apps folder.I am 100% sure I will not regret this purchase and will still love it in 2 years!  After playing with it for a while, my brother wants to give up his iPhone! :)

I have now spent nearly one year with the Droid Bionic.  It has now been replaced 2 times, due to poor functionality.I have a replacement coming from Verizon but opted to call Motorola to see about getting a different model.  I was told that I could not get a different model from the Bionic.  The representative acknowledged that the Bionic has had many problems with functionality but still would not offer a different model, only offering to repair the one I have.  I have a new replacement coming!I offered to take an older model, just not a Bionic.  The answer was no.I will now be posting on EVERY website I can find that Motorola does not stand behind their poor models and does not offer customers service.All I asked for was for the company to stand behind it's product and make amends when it is inferior...even if that meant I got an older model.  I paid $250, with a contract, for my phone and it is poorer quality than my work flip phone.Next time, I will return to the Iphone.

I've been holding out for a new phone all year and i finally dropped the loot for the bionic. Everything rocks, but if u need this phone to be ur portable music and video player look somewhere else. I believe there is a problem with how they shielded the wiring but there is a horribly annoying and loud high pitched whine whenever the sound is pumped through the headphone jack. It does not happen with the onboard speakers. I looked thru online forums and most everyone has this problem, they either are old and deaf and cannot hear the high pitched whine or they just havent bothered trying out their headphones...yet. If u want more info, try searching "Bionic Whine" and u'll see. I really liked the phone but with this blaring problem im afraid im gonna have to return the thing, a real shame too.

Do not get this phone. If you want to overpay for a phone that does not do what it advertises then this is for u. I have yet to have a phone from them that works and all they want to do is charge me for more of their crap. My first bionic did not have working internet so they replaced it. That was january and here in may the speaker now does not work. I cannot speak or hear callers. Im headed in on Wednesday and ive got 4 years of pent up aggression to throw at them. They will not give me another bionic or another phone that does work or i will go insane right there in the store. They will have a hurricane on their hands. Uhhhh i hate verizon and their stupid phones!!!!

When I got this phone I was amazed at how fast it was compared to my original Droid phone. Then the problems started.33 days after purchase the audio jack died and with every little bump it thinks that the headphones were removed thus stopping playback. Also comes pre-loaded witha ton of software that can't be removed let alone stopped from running so you will always have at least 12 programs running even though you never opened one of them on your own.I've also had a ton of problems with the built in programs which included a really fun weekend when the voice commands decided to call and hang up on my boss's cellphone 61 times.[Update 12/16/2011] The headphone jack has died completely and will not recognize anything I plug in (yes, I have tried several). Verizon is replacing the device.

It was very hard to accept this phone after owning the HTC sensation.In the end I returned the HTC sensation only because Tmobile only had 2G in my area and internet speed is a must have for me. So I decided to go with verizon.The reason i give this phone 3 stars is because it is one of the newest phones on the market and yet the HTC sensation which has been out for a while blows it out of the water.  Man, it is so dissapointing that the largest carrier only has one phone that is dual core (droid bionic). The first thing i noticed after getting this phone is that it has a cheap feel to it because of the back of the phone. The plastic back on this phone makes the phone feel not so good in my hands. Mind you, I would not have been able to tell the difference maybe if I had not first owned an HTC. The build quality of the HTC is much better. The biggest draw down to this phone is the screen. The screen may be brighter than the HTC but you can see the pixels in the screen. For those of you who dont know what that is, it is the little lines or squares from the screen. This is not good and almost unacceptable for me but something that i have to live with. The only people giving this phone 5 stars are ones that dont know what is already out there. For a new generation phone this is quite dissapointing. IF they would update the software i would give it 4 stars instead. The User Interface software that droid uses looks so, so. HTC latest sense software that comes with HTC sensation looks so much better and runs so much smoother. This phone has a lot of catching up to do. I will tell you this though. This phone is still better than IPHONE 4s. Please believe me. I think i am dissapointed so much with this phone only after experienceing the HTC sensation. I think that the HTC sensation is by far the best phone on the market.PROS:DUAL COREFront facing cameraCustomizable interface but needs some work to make it as smooth as Htc's latest senseLooks good enoughCONS:CHEAP feel.Back of the phone is not so nice.Screen is cheap. You can see the pixels in the screen.Droid software interface is not so smooth and needs some serious art work. The widgets, layouts, homepages, dont look and transition as hood as HTC Sensation.

Horrible.  Can't hold a data connection. Locked bootloader.  Updates months behind schedule.  Camera is really slow to focus.Worst part is that these are all known issues and they (Verizon) continue to sell this phone.  In the 5 minutes it took me to write this review I watched the phone go from 4g to 3g to 1X to no data connection 3 times....and this happens all day.  I have been trying to download 1 app for the past 3 hours with no success.Motorola just sent out an OTA update last week and it has done nothing to improve the situation.  If anything the battery now drains faster than ever. I strongly suggest that you do NOT buy this phone unless you want to be extremely frustrated.  Verizon and motorola should be ashamed.

This is my first real smartphone. I was using a blackberry storm which was absolutely terrible. I have had this phone for 15 days now, and it has been nothing short of Amazing. The speeds are incredible and the picture is outstanding. The fact is that right now, there is not a better all around phone out.The first thing i did when i got the phone was call my wife. I asked her what the sound quality was like and she said it sounded just fine. I also heard her with no problems. Scrolling through screens was easy enough. the response is great with very little lag, such as when re orienting the phone from Portrait to Landscape. Finding my way around was a bit tricky at first since i had not owned a Moto smart phone before, but I picked it up fairly quickly.The LTE speeds are nothing short of Amazing. I can load NFL Network (which comes loaded for free) and be watching live TV in about 5 seconds.The camera could use a bit of a speed injection. The auto-focus takes its time on occasion, but i haven't played with the settings enough to try to combat this. However the pics do come out very nice. Just as good as my 10mp Olympus point and shoot. The video capture is even better. The 1080p quality on the video shooting is just great. Again, this is compared to my point and shoot.My biggest complaint comes here... there is no physical photo button. this means you have to tap the capture button on the screen to take a picture. Takes getting used to but is still annoying.The display itself is great. Sure a lot of people complain about the penTile display, but you know what, I've never had a better display on any phone. I'm never going to be zoomed in so much on my screen that i can notice the pixelation that is present.This phone integrates Google Services so seamlessly that I think I would be absolutely lost if something happened to my Bionic now. Google Voice, Google+, Calendar, GMail, all of it. It fits in as nicely as if they were features included in the Android software.The truth is that there will undoubtedly be a better phone out next month, and then another one the month after that, etc... but who cares? If anyone can show me how having a 1.2 or 1.5 dual core is that much faster day to day (not a speed test) than the 1 ghz dual core of the bionic then please show me. I just don't see how those small gains make a difference. The same goes for the display quality. people, this is a 4.3 inch display, not a 60 in TV.If you dont have a smartphone, or have an older smartphone, there is nothing better than this now, and the phones coming soon will not be that much better, at least enough for 90% of the population to even notice. I have absolutely no remorse at buying this phone knowing that had I waited 30ish days I could have gotten a better one. This is the best LTE phone out now, and I'll be satisfied with it for the duration of it's life.

I rarely use this phone for calls, mostly for supplemental emails when I am in meetings and it can barely survive the 8 hours I am at work. If I am going somewhere besides straight home to charge it, forget it. Also, for some reason I am constantly needing to remove the battery and put it back in to keep it going. The features and everything are fine with it, but the battery makes this un-buyable.

I picked this phone up for one penny (with contract) during Amazon's recent Android sale.  For that price, it is a steal.  I do not think I would buy it at the regular price, though, since there are now better options for not much more money.  However, I am very pleased with my purchase, especially having come from the first generation Droid Eris.Pros:4G LTE - It is fast.  I read reviews saying it can get 10+ mbps download, which may be true for a continuous stream of a large file, but it still takes 3-4 seconds to download a 3 megabyte app from the market.  Still, much faster than 3g.Gorilla Glass - The Bionic has Gorilla Glass. If you haven't seen the video, Google iPhone 4s drop test, and you will see what happens to the iPhone vs. the Samsung Galaxy S2, which also has Gorilla Glass.  I am not an Android fanboy, and I will be buying my wife the iPhone 4s very soon.  But I will definitely be buying insurance for her new phone.Storage - You get 16 gigs built-in and a 16 gig microSD card.  More than enough for me.Display - Reviewers have become crazy in their criticism of phone displays.  Most phone displays are simply amazing, these days.  Just think about the number of pixels they are packing into a phone the size of your hand.  There have been complaints about the Bionic's pen-tile display? Come on!Swype - I actually like Swype in portrait mode, because it's easier to use with one hand.  Still, it can't compete with SwiftKey.Screen size - It's big.  I can't believe they are making even bigger screens now.Cons:Screen size - It's great for viewing, but you often have to use two hands to operate it, which I don't like.Headphones - When you plug in headphones, the connector is exposed on the rear.  It performs fine, but I find it disconcerting.Camera - I am very disappointed with the camera quality.  Forget that it takes 8MP pics and 1080P video.  That doesn't do much good if the exposure and colors are horrible.  This is the worst part about this phone.Power Button - This is just personal preference, but I like it on the right top or center, not the left.  Maybe because I usually use my left hand.4G battery life - It's as bad as advertised.  If you put it on 3g or leave wifi on, you will get good performance, though.Calendar - My phone calendar won't sync with my Google calendar.  Hopefully there is a fix for this, because it annoys me.One further note - this thing has a light version of the Motoblur interface. The interface is kind of a wash for me.  I wanted to keep the MotoBlur, because I love the way the drawer operates, i.e., you can group your apps and side-scroll in segments.  I do not like the continuous scroll of the stock Android drawer.  It makes it hard to find apps if you have a lot of them.  But I ended up replacing the launcher with Launcher Pro, which I absolutely love.If you can get this thing for $100 or less, I say go for it.  Otherwise, I think it is a little overpriced considering the alternatives.

This equipment is a major energy hog. 8 hours of battery life when sitting idle, and 45 minutes of battery life when using the phone. I'm on my second battery and still having this problem.  The thing is heavy and kicks of a boat-load of heat when it gets used.  I am afraid to ask what it does to my electric bill every time I plug it in to the wall.

My Droid X was getting a bit tired and started to develop a bunch of dead pixels in the screen after over a year of very hard use and almost never being in a case. I liked the phone so much , I decided to get the Bionic since it was also made by Motorola , and I felt like it was gonna be a solidly built device just like the X , and it was the first dual core LTE phone , so I picked it up on launch day , and for a while it was great. Awesome 4G speeds, (I've seen as high as 33Mbps so kudos to verizon's network on that ) snappy performance , adequate screen ( pentile matrix isn't a deal breaker but not ideal) but over time things got worse , there's a laundry list of bugs that affected this phone( dropping signal randomly , random freezes/reboots most notably) and it took about 3 months for it to be fixed , which was a very frustrating time , with verizon doing little except promising an update which when it came did fix most of the bugs , but in the meantime a 3 foot drop onto tile shattered the screen which with my droid x after over a year of hard falls and hardly ever a case on it , had nothing more than a few minor scratches on the glass.Bottom line is the experience on this phone was terrible for a flagship phone , and while the Droid RAZR looks great , I don't think I'd give Moto another chance after this. I'm still debating breaking my contract and picking up the HTC Titan on AT&T; because I really don't want to live with this phone for 21 more months, and while verizon's network is top notch , their customer service let me down with this phone.

This phone is fine with the exception of the fact that there is a buzzing noise when using a headset.  This occurs with all applications and multiple headsets so if you listen to audio through a headset I would not recommend this phone.Search the internet and you will find that this is a common issue.

I have been waiting for this phone for a few months.. I was holding off upgrading to any other phone because the specs on this bad boy were amazing. I was planning on using it as my car multimedia center, gps system, digital camera, remote control for my PC at home (VNC), and to run it as a client for an industrial supervisory and control software package called Ignition by Inductive Automation. The speed of this phone exceeded my expectations. Not just that, but also the built in applications such as Zumo Cast by Motorola (this app not only allows you to access shared folders from your computer at home, but you can also STREAM media content (music, video and movies) from your computer on your phone using 4G speed!! It is also a Netflix streaming device and records HD video at 1080p. I was so excited with my new phone that I completely drained the battery because of the heavy usage in about 4 hours. That said I tried several different methods  to conserve my battery and ended up finding the best way. All you do is disable gps and wifi when you are not using it, enable data saver, and disable background data. Now the Bionic last all day and all night. I have, however, purchased the extended battery (2880mAh vs 1785mAh) and the car mount from Verizon Wireless. They are offering 20% off two accessories, so I could't resist. I got them both for only $65 bucks! Now I will be able to use the extended battery when I am doing remote testing and using it as a client.

I've had this phone since mid October 2011.  I love everything about it.  I was initially holding out for the IPhone 5 and when it never came out.  I looked at the Verizon phones in comparision to the IPhone 4s.  On paper it looked great. And I've been nothing but happy since I've had it.  LAST NIGHT, I accidentally left my Droid Bionic in my sweater pocket and washed it in the washing machine and put it in the dryer for 40 minutes.  As I was emptying the dryer I pulled out the battery in dismay.  The phone was in three peices.  Top, battery and back.  I put the peices together and IT WORKS!!!! Can you believe that.  The power button has come off and I have to use a paper clip to turn it on but the PHONE WORKS!! My pictures are still there, all of the programming is safe.  I've changed my settings so my phone doesn't shut off.  This way I don't wear out the on/off area.  I can't afford to pay for this phone at full price.  Thankfully I won't have to!!!!Durable peice of equipment!!!!!

After only a week, I couldn't be happier. I've been looking forward to a phone upgrade for nearly a year (I'm not interested in paying $600 for a phone, so I'm always going to wait for discounted upgrade time from my carrier), after making a mistake by purchasing a Palm Pixi.Wow.What a difference a good piece of hardware makes. Fast as can be. I've had one app hang on me (NYT) and all I had to do was press the HOME button and then I was able to re-open the app. Compared to the Pixi's annoying habit of hanging on every app at least once a day, and requiring to be completely powered down and powered back up, this is a joy. Calling, texting, emailing, web browsing, it's all easy, and it's all fast.Pictures aren't great, but that's not what I have a phone for.Only warning is tht 4G really encourages you to suck bandwidth. With the old phone, I was averaging 500MB per month. After a week, I've already used 1GB. It's just that easy to blow through webpages, stream some audio, and download an app at the same time. Or constantly check on your map position. And dearie me, that Netflix app is going to be the death of me.

********* UPDATE **************I am still liking my phone and Verizon just pushed out an update to upgrade the android OS to Ice Cream Sandwich (4.04). The update for me has been great. It's almost like getting a new phone. There are roomers that it will be upgraded to Jelly Bean, I hope it's true. So far the upgrade to ICS has been flawless. It's faster, smoother, and has more features on it. So glad they did that. The Bionic's hardware is good enough to handle this new version too.*******************************I ordered my bionic from Verizon and to save a few bucks I wound up ordering a certified used bionic. It was repackaged and looks brand new, not one flaw on it. There really is no sign of it being used.Background for my review, I have been on the original Motorola Droid and just upgraded to this phone.Issues I had the first day:I had to hard-restart it a few times (pull the battery). I did a system update and then everything stared working better as far as the operating system goes.Another issue I had, was it kept dropping 4G network connection and then only reconnecting with a reboot or messing with the network settings, such as turning airplane mode on and off or turning 4G on and off. It was unable to switch between networks 4g, 3g, and 1x. If I lost 4g it was unable to connect and would drop my data connection. Because of this issue I was going to take it back.Solution:After reading about issues Verizon was having with their data networks that month, I decided to wait until another week before I took it back. After a release from Verizon came out saying they have fixed several data network issues, I've had little problems since that came out. It still drops connections but rarely does it drop the data totally. I think with 4G being so new and the new philosophy of pushing things out before they are tested and running.Performance:In comparison to the droid, this is amazing. Very little choppiness. Apps run smooth and fast. The effects on the phone are nice.Video/screen resolution:Streaming video with a high resolution is nice on this phone, even without the HDMI output the phone's screen is very large and makes watching videos better too.4G-Lte Network:Awesome! Speeds are so fast. It takes about 2 seconds for a song to download from Amazon MP3. Streaming videos in high def is great too, never sitting waiting for the video buffer to fill up. You can pretty much do anything when you have a 4G connection. I've also had good luck with 4G, almost everywhere I go I wind up getting some sort of 4G connection.Battery:I have not had that many issues with the battery that people say they have. I have my phone on playing music most of the day at work and still have plenty of battery for the night. The thing that drains the battery the most is the screen being on, surfing the web, and streaming video. I would still recommend having a charger, but that is no news to someone that uses a smart phone. The people saying that the phone dies after a few hours being idle is just crazy talk. If my phone is idle it will last for days.Camera:Not bad, but nothing special, seems pretty standard for Motorola. In natural light and very bright white lighting (like in a department store) it takes nice pictures and video. The picture gets grainy in poor lighting and the flash will tend to wash out the picture. The pictures are better in the dark the closer you are, but it tends not to be able to focus if the room is not brightly lit during the night.If you have specifics you would like to know please post a comment, I will try to respond quickly.

I was surprised at how good this phone is. I had played with an older Motorola Droid and I didn't care for it. This one had a complete overall! It's quick (plays Netflix, other flash movies, etc) and has more on board storage for apps. Overall, I'm pleasantly surprised.

When my venerable Blackberry finally broke down, I went searching for a new phone and settled on the much-hyped Droid Bionic. Due to where I work, an iPhone wasn't even an option in my search; I wanted an Android phone as a matter of pride. So I started out really wanting to like this phone. But it has some very foundational problems, simply too serious for me to keep it. In only 10 days of ownership I've already found a number of severe breaking bugs in my routine workflow, which I've ranked in order of how likely the average user is to encounter them:1. You can't download ZIP attachments, or any unknown attachment type, from emails or in the browser. The email app doesn't even give you the option, while the browser will attempt to download the file and immediately fail to download "&lt;Unknown>". This is something so basic that lacking it is a dealbreaker on its own. A quick search reveals that this problem has been present since 2009 with no fix. For such a vital component of email support, this is inexcusable.(Yet when you attempt to view an attachment which *should* open up a viewer, like a PDF, it instead downloads to some random location on the phone and you need to hunt for it to view it).2. Facebook and LinkedIn didn't work: I set these accounts up using the built-in Facebook and LinkedIn apps and they worked fine the first time. Great! Then without making any further changes to the account info, they suddenly started returning "invalid password" messages, both at once. I verified that I could log onto these accounts on a computer. Worked fine. Now here's the kicker: I went to *remove* the accounts AND IT REFUSED BECAUSE IT CLAIMED MY PASSWORD WAS INVALID. There is no reason to attempt to log onto an account before removing it! The only way to remove the accounts from the phone was to perform a factory reset. Yes, on day 2 of ownership. Goodbye to my old phone contacts. After performing the reset, I grabbed the official FB and LinkedIn apps and made sure not to create an account using the phone's built-in support.3. You cannot change the Google account associated with the phone without performing a factory reset, and you cannot use the phone with a Google account that is not signed up for GMail.4. The battery life is shorter than the average workday, in large part because the phone runs apps in the background even when it is sleeping. I view this as a design flaw rather than an inadequate battery. Certain apps such as JuiceDefender can extend the life quite a bit, but with the serious disadvantage of disabling your data access at inopportune and noticeable times.5. SSL-encrypted email (SMTP): support is only partial. If you connect to a mail server on "port 587" (techies will know what that means), you probably will not be able to use this phone to send email. To get technical, I discovered after hours of debugging that the phone doesn't support STARTTLS. If you try to send email using a mail server which uses this common mode of encryption, you will get a very unhelpful "Could not send email" message. Fortunately, I own my own mailserver, so I was able to work around the problem: I had to open up another port and reconfigure Postfix to accept SSL/TLS connections on it just to accommodate this phone. Of course, most people will be using other people's email servers and will not have the ability to do this.Some of these are bugs and some of these are just stupid restrictions which I never thought I would have to deal with on the Android platform. I am really disheartened by this experience, and I am left hoping that the iPhone is better.

PRO:+ Keyboard is perfectly right sized. Sensors are very accurate, very quick typing and very few corrections.+ Sound quality, Speakerphone and microphone, and headphones, all extremely good+ Ability to load the sim card and the internal memory as separate drive letters with directories+ Power down in seconds. None of this goofy vibrating alert shutdown procedure from old phones that I'm used to.+ 3 Alarms can be custom set, along with any ringtone or media, with various degrees of volume and days of the week. My old phone was Monday to Friday only, but you can set this one for a MWF schedule or any kind of recurring graveyard shift and then forget about it. That's convenient.+ Front facing camera, skype recently added!CON:-Difficult to organize files and folders when the apps such as email just kind of throw your downloads wherever they feel like-"Mail" app does not let you search messages-Copy and paste too finnicky.  Just let me copy a word or phrase by clicking something, don't make it very complicated.  Same point for screen capture, which is a breeze in iphone but very complicated with the droids, apparently.-Takes forever and a day to turn on power. Wish I could skip the boot up process.-While this phone does come with mobile hotspot, Verizon will charge you an extra $20 a month to activate this, as only plans with minimum $50 of data have the feature.  Similar policy with corporate e-mail (minimum data policy). This is their way of performing price discrimination against certain types of business users instead of allowing them to be pay-as-you-go over the bandwidth users.- There is a GPS toggle switch app. There should be a data/wifi switch on the unit itself, or an indicator on the default home screen or in the notifications bar. Instead, it is buried under "battery options"- "Battery options" are weak. I have yet to make it through a day with this phone without running out of juice in the early afternoon hours. Must carry a charger with you and power phone off when not in use. My battery model number ends in "x" which implies extended life. I wish I were getting more time out of it than this, seems like less than 5 hours of medium usage or 7 hours of "idle time" and it goes into shutdown mode already.- My settings are for downloads to be wifi only, not 4G, to save bandwidth.  For some reason when I am in a wifi enabled area, and the 4G is available, 4G is still being used.  Do I really have to turn off data in order to take advantage of the free wifi?-When I change the home page to a group of icons, that group should stay the default but instead it likes to default back to "Recent" or "All apps" even when I click on the shortcut to the group-It is difficult to really close apps, such as the browser. When you reactivate the browser, it is often going straight back to the pages I last viewed, even if I clear history. There must be no way to default start at a home page like a computer browser would? I downloaded a task killer to assist.-Fragile soft casing appears extremely susceptible to scratching or dents. The phone features and sound are very good quality, but NEEDs a large custom case (sold separately) because the phone is not built to withstand any kind of pocket wear and tear.

Most reviews say what needs to be said . I am a heavy data user. This phone has an amazing battery life when u add the 4000 mah battery to it. This phone is my Internet connection via mobile hotspot, with the recent upgrades it now handles upto 8 devices. While support basically stopped when Razor came out, Motorola knows its still out there.How this phone is used and when:Mornings over cup of coffee : e-mail,banking n Internet research via  mobile hotspot via IPad 2Through out day : mobile hotspot  IPod Touch 32gb 4th generation research n general Internet cruising - NetflixNights: Netflix directly to TV via HDMI also mobile hotspot via IPad 2 n daughters Kindle Fire n Wi-Fi to daughters TVThat is a typical day with battery lasting whole day plus some....NO OTHER SMARTPHONE HAS THE CAPABILITY OF ADDING SUCH A LARGE BATTERY THIS FACTOR ALONE MAKES THIS A BEST BUY.true IPhones have a CASE that equals this but no HDMI OUT! Consider ur usage of your smartphone mine replaced the cable company Brighthouse.

I am not one of those people who lives in his cell phone.  I dont often watch videos or send emails etc since most of the day I am next to my desktop.  For my needs I find this phone very satisfactory.  I tried an HTC Thunderbolt and ended up returning it within the 14day trial period.  This phone is very pleasant to use.  I find the layout easy to understand.  The touch interface works well with about the right level of sensitivity (On the  HTC random apps would open as I tried to navigate through the pages.)  The battery life seems more than adequate.  It will easily go 24 hours of light use without charging.  The HTC wouldnt even last 4 hours)  The phone interface seems intuitive and friendly.  It's not a problem to answer a call even when the phone is locked.  Currently there isnt much 4G available in my area so I cant assess that but the phone seems to have little difficulty finding a signal.  It is noticeably slower on some apps than the HTC and probably the Razr but not enough to get in the way ordinairy use.

We spent a long time "test-driving", reviewing, and getting owner input on smartphones before deciding on the DROID BIONIC.  It just made the most sense as it was similar in price to older phones but much more advanced.  Our only concern was that it may be a bit "buggy" since it's a new model.After a month of use I can say this incredible, little device has completely lived up to our hopes.  It's fast, intuitive, easy to operate, and has, for all intents and purposes, replaced/surpassed my Laptop, Kindle, video camera, and digital camera.  Very, very pleased.As this is my first smartphone, I was initially surprised at having to charge it so often, but after talking to friends, it sounds as if I charge my BIONIC less than most others have to charge theirs.Every day I'm learning about new and exciting capabilities on the BIONIC.  Having a great time and not regretting the purchase at all!

I had a good experience when I got the phone. However, 2 weeks in, it kept dropping data and finally would not do anything but connect via WiFi. I sent the phone back. I hear there's a patch coming, so when that happens, the phone will be worthwhile. Until then, I cannot recommend it.

I have owned an iPhone 4 for over a year.  I decided it was time to check out Android, and more specifically, the Droid Bionic.  On paper this phone has everything you would want.  8mp camera, 1080p video, huge screen, voice control, lots of customization options, etc.  I was sorely disappointed by the camera/camcorder.  The iPhone 4's camera is a LOT better than the Bionic's.  I took side by side shots with my iPhone 4 and the Bionic in slightly low light, and the Bionic's photos looked like barf, and the iPhone 4's photos looked great.  Also the Bionic's screen is weird.  Looking at the iPhone's screen next to the Bionic's... again you just wanna barf all over the Bionic.  The screen and the camera are pretty important things for me, so I decided to get rid of the Bionic and go back to the iPhone 4.

I have had my Bionic for a few weeks, and decided to amend my review. My previous phone was the Droid X, and comparing the Bionic to the X, the Bionic's home screen looks horrible.  It looks very pixelated and almost like it got a graphic's downgrade from the X.However, comparing them side by side, the Bionic is MUCH faster. Faster searching the web, faster loading apps (3-5 seconds to load Plants vs Zombies, compared to 15-20 seconds on the X) and YouTube videos loaded faster (even with X loading Standard Quality and Bionic loading High Quality) and looked better (with both on HQ).So despite the fact that the pixels still stand out to me, I will be keeping the Bionic.

I have had this phone since the day it came out. I loved it at first. Then the problems started. It turns out that I am not along, many many people are experiencing the same problem. Do yourself a favor and read the forums on this phone, especially the Motorola forum and the Verizon forum.At first, everything worked, I loved the speed, and I like the bigger screen for reading the Web, and there was so much memory that I could have almost unlimited apps.After a short while, the data connection stopped working about 3/4 of the time. I have tried all the tricks I found on the Web to get it started. I have also taken it to Verizon, but it worked in their store where there is a very strong signal.Another issue is the car dock. The phone will not go into Car Home mode reliably. I have sat as long as 15 min in a parking lot trying to get it to work.Finally, even though there is an SD card, you can't use it. Apps go natively to the phone's internal memory. If you try to move them using a third party app, they do not move to the SD card, but to a separate part of the phones memory that is called Media.I am not even recounting all of the difficulty I had setting it up. There is poor documentation for most things this phone can do.That being said, if they can fix it, it will be a nice phone and I will be happy with it for the next two years.Don't go by me...do your homework, its out there for you to see for yourself.Joey

I really liked the phone when I first purchased it.  This was my first 4g phone.  I loved the most recent version of Android.  The problem with the phone is that it keeps dropping the 4g network and switching to 3g and sometimes no network available at all.  The solution was to take out the battery and restart the phone a few times each day.  This was unacceptable and I ended up exchanging the phone for the Motorola Razr...I've owned the razr for 3 weeks now and never had this issue.  So I can tell you first hand that this in not a 4g issue.  Also other are having the same problem.  I wouldn't recommend this phone because there seems to be technical issues between Motorola and Verizon.

I just read that Verizon and Motorola have released the Bionic's software update yesterday (Dec-09) that improves stability of data connection on 3G and 4G, solves the headset buzzing issue and others problems. Search the internet for "Bionic software update 5.5.893" to get the list of issues solved. The update should be installed automatically over the air to the phones with old software version. So reviews before Dec-09 may be old news...

I know that title sounds funny but it's true.  I'm short, only 5'2" so my hands are pretty small.  I purchased this phone when I was due an upgrade since I've always had Verizon and of course needed the latest and greatest.  I absolutely adored the phone; however, I returned it after a couple of days and went back to using my Droid X.  Why you ask if I loved the phone - could not deal with the battery life of the regular battery - only lasted part way through the day with everything turned off and just some playing around and checking my email etc.  I had purchased the extended battery which made the phone last  for ages but it made the phone so big and so heavy that it was uncomfortable for me to use.  Sad as I was, will wait until Motorola figures out how to create a phone battery combination that lasts without having to buy the extended battery.  The size of the extended battery has improved over the HTC but not enough for me to want to pay that much money for a phone that doesn't fit my hand - can you say iPhone?

I've had a lot of smartphones over the past 7 years, about 7 of them, in fact.  Two that thrilled (the original color BlackBerry, an iPhone 4), a bunch I've really respected BlackBerry 8000s and 9000s) a few I've hated (Blackberry 'SureType', Droid Pro)...  I *love* the Bionic. No, it's not an iPhone...and it's not for someone who wants an iPhone. It's for someone who is using Google as an enterprise platform across multiple devices (or just doesn't want to be on the Apple bandwagon).  If this is you, there are a lot of reviews here that will tell you why this is great piece of hardware. I want to add what this hardware does:  it provides the network and processor speed that fully realizes the promise of a cloud computing environment. What does that mean?  That means the more you use it, the smarter it gets - contacts predicatively load into the email address as soon as you start typing a name... suggested words appear instantaneously - and 'magically' more often than not are correct. Search seems to 'know' what you are looking for...  Rounding out the package:  screen is huge (almost embarrassingly so) touch is really responsive...put those together, and typing is super fast, yes, I'm typing as fast as I was on the BBerry... probably faster because of the predictive words.  I love having enough screen real-estate to read Google docs and spreadsheets (which load blazingly fast).  And, while BBerry and iPhone users take stable OS for granted, Droid is a different animal (Droid Pro was the most unstable hardware/software combo I've experienced since I jerry-rigged a PC XT to run Windows 3.1...for those of you who go back to the day!) This phone:  completely stable OS. And the icing: 4G makes mobile hotspot super fast, battery life is impressive unless you are running the hotspot. Google offers outstanding turn by turn GPS voice navigation. Phone seems to be ok in terms of people's response to my voice quality, speaker phone got a thumbs up at an impromptu meeting. Browser speed is good. ... camera is passable.

A long time smart phone buyer (anyone remember the Samsung i730?), I am still waiting for the perfect phone. I upgraded from the HTC Incredible but I also have an AT&T; iPhone 4 (employer-provided), so I have the best of both worlds. The phone is upstairs on the charger as I write this, but here are my impressions after a day of use:- handset feels lightweight and wide compared to my other phones. It seems to be of good quality, but not as solid as the iPhone. I tend to prefer metal phones and don't mind the added weight, so I'm probably in the minority here. Nice soft-touch back makes the grip feel solid.- Very responsive, smooth interface. Few lags even when jumping between applications while downloading and updating marketplace apps. No cons here.- Screen is a mixed bag. I can see it in the daylight which is better than any smart phone that I've used. The downside is that it has a very digital feel to it - almost like you're viewing it through a window screen, if you can picture that. It's not natural looking like the iPhone 4 and it isn't even as nice as my HTC Incredible, but it didn't bother me after the initial impression wore off. This will definitely be an issue for some people, so make sure you try before you buy.- I kept it on the home wireless except for a brief road trip, so I can't comment on 4G battery life. The fully charged battery only survived 12 hours with moderate-to-heavy use (wifi on, bluetooth on, push mail for 3 accounts, loading apps and setting up environment, played games for less than 30 minutes, phone calls of less than 10 minutes). I don't have 4G at the house, so 3G did the heavy lifting when cruising the neighborhood. I'm eager to try it out, but that won't be until my work week starts.- Motorola and Verizon didn't get *too* heavy-handed with the bloatware. VZ Navigator is everywhere, but that's about the worst of it. I miss some of the HTC widgets, but I can find replacements in the marketplace. I do like Motorola's 4 interchangeable icons that remain static on each homepage screen as well as the contacts manager and account manager. I think the Motorola overlay improves things and the few differences are easy to adjust to.- ZumoCast is AWESOME! I don't know if I *need* the ability to open files on my phone that are residing on my Windows laptop, but it sure was fun to play an mp4 on my phone that I didn't have to transfer first. Audio and video weren't a perfect match, but they were close enough. I have more trouble trying to do the same thing with my iPad and iTunes (using this same laptop), so this is nothing short of amazing in my opinion.- Photo quality is not good - no better than my nearly 2 year old HTC Incredible. I wasn't expecting a high-end, point-and-shoot quality camera, but this was still a disappointment. The iPhone camera is significantly better. Video is pretty decent, though. I haven't transferred one to a PC yet, but on the phone it looks great. I'll take good quality videos over pictures in this instance, but I wish I didn't have to.- I only did limited tests of call quality by calling the home number and alternating the mute between phones. My outgoing voice comes in loud and clear on the other end, but I have some concerns about incoming calls. If I talked in a normal, clear voice from the home phone then everything was fine. If I talked in a quieter voice (think library), I could barely hear myself on the Bionic. Whispers were completely garbled. I realize these were hardly ideal testing methods, but I'm reporting it nonetheless.- Accessories are okay, but much more plastic than the original Motorola Droid accessories and a bit pricey if you don't get them in a packaged deal like I did. The night table dock doesn't force the phone into proper alignment, so I have a bit of trouble seating it. The car adapter is similar, but I like the way they integrated the plug into it this time. The spare battery charging dock with phone charging adapter on the side is a nice touch. If you go with the better Amazon pricing and forego the accessory package found in a certain unnamed big box store, I don't think you'll miss out on anything.That about sums it up. The Bionic is a good quality phone, a definite step up from the HTC Incredible, and it does a great job of running my favorite mobile OS. I suspect there will be better phones on the market in the next couple of months (rumor of a Verizon Nexus phone), but if you are in the market now, you want an Android phone, and you are a Verizon customer, then I think this is your best bet.

I am so impressed with my BIONIC 4G! Wow!  I love the huge touch screen, 8megpx camera, and best of all, it supports flash! cons: battery life of course but that's expected for a droid that functions like a PC. I love this phone! Very sleek and fast!

The pros:Fast processingPlenty of storage spaceGreat accessoriesThe Cons:The USB connection REQUIRES the Motorola wire, aftermarket WILL NOT transfer data.Apps install to internal memory, making backing ups or transferring from an old phone is nearly impossible.4G LTE issues... from what I gather, there is an "authentication" problem with 4G due to CDMA/GSM issues with LTE. But the bottom line is that I had to disable 4G to get any form of reliable data connection.All in all, it's a good phone, and for the most part an update should fix what issues it has, but why did they release a phone that had issues like this?
